it's like a payoff day you're out here
the drunk I hear the truck
good morning Jake polish what's going on
guys super early right now I don't know
why but I lost my flippin phone I
honestly don't know why do you want to
check in there yeah what what do you see
that well yo what's up what's wrong oh I
think I'm going crazy
oh my god what's wrong no yeah that's
fine no nevermind okay J pause I'm just
messing with you guys did I get my
Lamborghini let's roll the real intro
and get this day started yeah kitty
party people that was the fake Enzo but
I'm sure you're probably confused what
it doesn't matter
put your vlog belts on
there's a bunch of Jake Paul's here
right now yeah I gotta take Paul masks
what today has already been incredible
we've been up since 6:00 a.m. my
Lamborghini is about to be here y'all
already got a sneak preview of it or
flip and conquer in the day people but
like I said earlier put your blog belts
on it's about to go now yeah and if
you're new here I'm Jay Paul this is the
team tan house and it's lit every single
day
anywho party people let me get you
caught up to speed because the light has
already gone on and it's super important
that you get caught up to speed you
don't want to miss this one so vlog belt
uh-huh it all started last night with a
fan joy meeting CEO Chris we miss you
bro Oh Bob tag there he goes Oh
apparently uh Chris also used to be a
rapper yo Nick expose them okay anyways
guys basically there's this video of
Nick where nobody knows what he's doing
but he's he's singing like a moron can
we just roll a lot of the clip once
again guys that's the brother the most
funny clip I've ever seen my life but
yeah he doesn't know where that clip
came from yeah it's just look really
great clip I'm just gonna keep on
playing it all the time here's another
two seconds okay no I'm done time to
play it one more second but this morning
we went on some early-morning Misha's
uncle Nathan and I flip and killed the
game all right
wait is that Jake Paul no no that's me
oh we went on some early morning
missions roll the clip good only party
people what is going on guys it is 6:30
a.m. right now uncle Nathan and I are on
early morning
vibes baby let's go right now we got
some big Hollywood business to handle
broke gotta get those combos going early
in the morning Sun let's wake up let's
get today that's a grind bro because
today in general is a day we have been
waited for five months kids remember the
early bird gets the worm and today we go
get the worm they thing you want the
worm yeah we're the early birds up here
get into the warm let's doing interviews
and stuff all this white walls Access
Hollywood live people I'm going live I
don't know what's going down I hit them
with the white jacket I'm still mad at
you can't be mad at me Brooks today's
your big day
there she is making me so a little bit
sexier than my self we're doing big
Hollywood things in Hollywood guys the
guys wear makeup please don't judge me
you know they make me do this I don't
want to do this they're making me do
this
these cameras nowadays are getting that
more and more high definition so lip
balm and everything I'm gonna be right
there guys it's my big day wait what
you're not my mom Steve Jobs
everything's good am i trippin it said
mama's face everything's paid including
Kylie Jenner's lips we've made it it's
Jake's big day he's on TV everyone made
it all right people
big Hollywood things maybe Access
Hollywood we gave them the access you
already know the early bird gets the
worm yo what's up Melissa we're out here
to dads of bees thank you for being a
jig father dad father ladies you have to
buy our merchandise for Christmas okay I
will do that all right
shark you're looking sexy as ever let's
get we're on our way to the next
interview that we're doing today guys
but we have to make a pit stop at the
old team tan house guys and the reason
why we have to make a pit stop is
because I figure out one thing inside
you know this is weird like where'd it
go well seconds later one last one last
arrived all right all right
so if you haven't put the clues together
or see the title or thumbnail most
likely today I am getting my lamp 4gb
guys six months of waiting no I'm at the
Lamborghini dealership right now they're
delivering the Lamborghini to my house
later but I kind of want to show you
guys I'm not gonna look at it if it's
here I'm not gonna look at it I haven't
seen the car completely finished yet
it's not here anyways
I will be soon to own one of these in
like a couple of hours what is going on
in my life guys I'm kind of freaking out
now we're back on that interview grind
young Hollywood we got the big cameras
I'm young and I live in Hollywood so I
mean why not work it in your fire okay
so we finished up the Hollywood yeah
it's me again I'm back I'm gonna narrate
this video for you guys and get you
caught up this yo chill chill super
cringe please break up with her already
I didn't mean it he supports us so we
finished this Hollywood and we had to
buy something so guys I bought a carpet
you have to get one little instability
that routine thing third a minor carpet
seriously that's it it's not that
exciting
but you'll see why in a second I love
carpet man Ron so look at this garage
yeah nice garage look at this floor nice
floor but not nice enough for a
Lamborghini or the carport four-month a
2018 640 horsepower do you see this I
can't have that on my Lamborghini I just
want to clean format
I just make first little problems I
can't get dust on my Lamborghini what
and if you thought for a second that the
Jay Paul Lamborghini wasn't gonna have a
damn carpets you're wrong if your car
does have a red carpet then it's not a
car hashtag that's a fact but there is a
little bit of backstory here I skipped
the moment you know that is my bet the
other day we had a little bit of a
dilemma as well because and a and E and
he had to leave because it was Melissa
man Melissa it was her birthday and the
thing was she was in Seattle you know I
just roll the clip alright people so we
have a dilemma all right listen listen
listen so you guys know that and a lady
has been with us since the whole
Lamborghini thing went sideways No and
basically my Lamborghini is coming in a
couple of days but on the day that it
comes it is his fiancee's birthday and
so as a fellow bro Andy I have to polish
fiance and convince her and then fly her
to Los Angeles to spend the day with you
and they so that Andy could still be
here when the lambie's thing I gotta be
for the lam you gotta be here with I
called Melissa I don't think she's gonna
be down for but yeah if you do my god I
think dude you could like Vanessa's oh
you have to make some stuff up Melissa
hey yeah it's Jay from vine I'm here
with your your fiance and the I'm here
with Emily and basically so I know I
know Tuesday is your is your birthday
but but the Tuesday is also the day that
my Lamborghini come but Tuesday Tuesday
is the day that my Lamborghini comes
yeah yeah he has to be back for your for
your birthday for sure but or or or just
think about this for a second what did
and they flew you out to Los Angeles for
your birthday
well this is the Lambo but but but
mainly to spend time with your fiance on
your birthday I mean the line was just
like a little part of it you know me
Andy it's not a prank no maybe it's not
the prank baby and they wouldn't lie
yeah cool cool cool
don't chill about it I Love You Man cool
them they are ok well I'll let you guys
coordinate the flights and so we got
Andy there to do some Italian stuff in
the car Andy we made it happen party
people well this is birthday
the songs are cool and everything but
like yet anyways how old are you turning
bunny tail oh my gosh like the tail oh
my god but guys actually the Lamborghini
is about to be here I'm literally
freaking out you bragini throw it has
just been six months to these in is the
works I have waited for this moment for
them to blow up with the Lamborghini
head for it to come out and just start
it and to look at the beauty in the talk
about it we talk alright this is the day
I'm still getting flippin worms it's my
big day I'm still out here grinding
worms what was well it's like this thing
I was doing okay yeah how was it there
I'm here now oh thanks okay great I'll
take off hey you guys enjoy the rest of
your day okay
thanks see you later but seriously guys
I've been up since like 5:00 a.m. I'm
nervous
the Lamborghini is about to be here and
this is like a moment I've been waiting
for for six months like this is a big
moment like do you know what I mean guys
no I still haven't seen the car at this
point in time while you're watching this
vlog I don't know what to expect we
haven't driven it who's gonna get the
first ride to China there's a lot going
on no guys it's here actually I gotta
stop my pops I was cooking pop OH
congratulations bro congratulations you
know this is amazing Bravo that's
amazing I was I was joking who's a joke
hey Parker what's up this is my
Lamborghini yeah he knows a lot about
cars sometimes but it's actually about
to be here I don't real not like that
real like no more joking around no more
games played no more trying to take our
Lamborghinis from us no it is actually
about to be here and happy birthday
Melissa once again but I'm feeling 22 oh
no this is $500,000 Lamborghini Lambeau
dreams too man it's not broken it's just
a little bit anyways changing the
subject which is what I do in awkward
situations all the time my dad is gonna
be here a little bit later tonight and I
don't think he knows that my
Lamborghinis coming tonight so I'm gonna
surprise him with that my dad is my dad
is coming tonight so that's gonna be so
cool I knew you're gonna break it
yeah I'm will break what my dad's coming
tonight
I know Monday is what you would call
fast 20 minutes later oh my god hey I
just got the text that they're pulling
up this is like 10 years of hard work
and dedication this is just like a
symbol like a like a symbolic thing with
that like I don't know I just feel like
it's like a drug I hear the truck I
seriously hear it blindfold me bro by
the way guys this is Lamborghini merch
which is just about to be available oh
my gosh oh my good to see it before me
where do I go stay still just stop the
trucks getting closer no clear continue
no it's in a glass box oh my god does
that has anyone seen it yet
it's in a glass frog look at the truck
the truck set jpo it does it is the blog
I had to see it go I need to see it
oh my god it's so beautiful oh my gosh
JP on the shipping container - you know
before they pull it off I wanna
shamelessly plug this is the new
performant de lambreaux merch except the
thing is is that it's not Lambros its
lambreaux cuz you Logan you're a bitch
and I'm picking three of you to engrave
your names into this Lamborghini all you
have to do is buy one of these
sweatshirts or shirts 72-hour exclusive
drop guys get it before it runs out I'm
gonna fly you out to Los Angeles to
drive in this Lamborghini with me oh my
god fans redeco backslash sheikh paul
join the contest 72 hours that's all you
have it's got the flag and everything
look at it matches you know look at it
matches you match row figure that the
most beautiful thing I've ever seen in
my life three of you are gonna have your
name engraved on that bro did I make it
you made it you made four years ago I
was sitting in class my teachers telling
me I wouldn't amount to anything
don't let anyone tell you you can't
chase your dreams guys seriously I
couldn't do this thought you guys take
polish you amazing like look at this
interior oh my gosh I'm so scared are
you ready for the start first start ever
3 2 1 dad I love you
I was thinking who's gonna turn it into
one of these fail videos where were they
drive off the trailer just fails but it
didn't I did it mom bro just look at it
I waited six months for this moment
Pam Oh mucho this is incredible this is
an incredible machine look at this
material I'm literally speechless like
just look at this shot watch I'm gonna
play dope music it could be the coolest
shot that's ever been happening on Jay
Paul vlogs Steven Spielberg you it's
literally gonna fly I remember like
crying myself to sleep and painting this
thing I'm like a spray painted car
acting like I was gonna get this guy I
didn't think this moment would happen
guys I just want you to know there's no
back seats in the car so only one person
around it's not realistic it's not
practical there's a lot of other car
options that have back seats in them so
yeah I don't even know what to do in
this moment guys I got it who's gonna
fight to the death for the first ride
anyway everyone stay away from the
goddamn car Jake's walking to the
driver's side I'm walking who's going
for his ride you think you're gonna get
in my way of my best friend
what's Italy
oh that's smart cake that's smart I'm
just envisioning this right now like
who's name is gonna be engraved like
right here you wanted to be here guys
his name because I may be oh maybe the
name right here maybe a name right here
I don't know who knows maybe it could be
right there I'm just excited to pick
three people to engrave their names and
fly you guys out to Los Angeles and take
a ride okay
literally this is all you can do is just
look right at it that's literally all
you can do we're settling this civilly
I'm thinking of a number 1 through 100
everyone say their numbers you got it
already this is for the first ride I
haven't even driven it yet already three
two one no I made 943 1918 24:21 1873
6922 really Parker what what it was 25
what sorry I'm sorry
first drive Roy let's go oh my gosh
Oh so live for this bro I love cars
enjoy this moment my boy I love path
cars
everything's like brand new you just
feel the like why every little bump it's
like welcome to the first drive at all
the top gear channel ok Paul your host
and then he's aboard to get side eyes
white area or today take Paul case boys
are taking out the Lamborghini fuck off
perform on tow this car is a true
Italian based this is a true test of a
man's skill taking our beast with less
than 300 miles on it from the factory
you can hear the engine roar and oh it's
an absolute beauty man I'll take the
curb sideways all right then
drop it
lo J is tattooed on my leg I've waited
for this moment I'm about to open up the
banshee
oh my god
holy cow chase dreams kids first drive
it's so powerful the cornering somebody
please God let Kate out to get a shot I
think he's running down the hill
Oh 20 times better from outside the car
I don't know if it looked cooler or
sounded better Cain first ride thoughts
bro oh I'm sweating one well there's so
many things groceries could you put in
the back of that it's not a practical
car just let me have my moment but guys
just like I told you when we got the
house I have a tradition and I have to
do this every time there's like a
monumental moment in my career he'll
back up back up back up lay this song
baby I'm gonna take you out of the
nursing school I'm gonna put you in a
lamp eating okay
welcome home
take Polish dude we need to come up with
a name for this base I'm thinking a blue
blue guy or something Jay Pollard's
comment what you think if you have any
creative names I'm gonna think more
about it in a little bit I have to do a
meeting right now but I'm going to
surprise my dad with this Lamborghini he
doesn't know I got it he's going to be
here in a couple of hours and then I'm
going to take him for a ride in a
Lamborghini because he has never even
sat in a Lamborghini it was kind of
crazy like just means I'm like Christian
I'm just trying to have a moment like
being from a small town in my house but
my dad has never even sat in a
Lamborghini and thanks to him and my mom
they've taught me so much about life and
working and at work ethics and morals
and so much like stuff like that I'll
see you in a little bit I'm done two
hours later my dad is here from Ohio
guys day time which no jobs here is so
cool but now nighttime and I haven't
even seen the rest it's a mansion baby
we have a surprise oh well you got what
yeah we have a surprise for you okay
what are you doing
right we have I told the audience I was
like yo you know what never been able to
do it without new mom teach me how to be
a young man
that's right working hard grinding
making it happen it's every day so you
gotta sing it sexy well you ready
misuk can play back babe oh okay pause
we started this day off getting flipping
warms me caught the warm baby early
boards getting this is such an ally kg
moment my first real supercar and I'm so
excited to be able to share this
experience with you guys the vlog belts
were on the whole entire day y'all are
freaking awesome don't forget about the
72-hour contest to get flown out Los
Angeles I have your name engraved into
this row all you got to do is get the
exclusive perform on teh lambreaux merch
once again screw you Logan so Jake
Pollard's join the strongest team on
YouTube smash that subscribe and I just
look like that and I will see y'all
tomorrow because make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
