it's time to get married again but it's
all good because you know that your boy
is gonna kill that I'm not to go propose
to Erica no baby it's a Gucci day what
is Gucci with y'all I hope y'all are
smiling me I hope you all had a bit on
the mater's I hope y'all are working
hard it's how I make money my sense is
down chill Chad zelma what it all makes
sense now
flippin said it is my man hashtag find
out hashtag hello who this new phone
gucci mane is that you what party people
put your blog belts on you already know
your buckle this as we about to go on
this roller coaster if you're new here
i'm jake paul this is the team 10th
house and it is every single day we
can't super oh yes it's lit on the
weekends late party people let me get
y'all caught up to flip in speed because
a lot has already happened today and a
lot is are gonna happen more so even
still throughout the rest of the day and
whatnot so forth and whatnot
so anyways did you fart morning we found
out that we had a buck so this morning
guys we figured out that we have in
flipping starbucks in our damn house
baby we took aw let me tell you
something look at that when you drinking
a cup of tea no you gotta have your
pinkies out and he comes over pulls this
contraption look at this this is a
full-blown starbucks we got coffee beans
oh my god
Oh anywho look at this guys we got
espressos we got coffee we got lunch oh
that's when you go like this launch it
coffee
blowjob coffee I know you want some too
I know Apollo wants of coffee check this
out what do you want Andy Andy what do
you want get me a cup what you're a baby
give me a venti venti it's like two
nipples in it and the cow and it just
like squirts out and I makes coffee I
call that some chaotic coffee it's all
done and have a drink firm and a I like
my coffee like I like my women huh so we
figured out we had a bucks I'm sorry for
that sorry we didn't yeah we do get
excited what party people then over the
last couple of days our pollo got an
invisible fence installed so that he
doesn't run away
Brava clips show at the new house guys
it's a big yard and we want Apollo to be
safe and so we got an invisible fence
installed you don't know what an
invisible fence is there's like a cord
in the ground and if runs up to it it'll
beep and warn him not to go past it and
if he goes past it it shocks them a
little bit but before putting it on
Apollo we have to have Chad test it out
to make sure that it works we want
everything to be safe you get close to
the fence line that's and then it'll
shock you so Chad's gonna test it out
for a really got a pit on love you baby
make it are you proud of your boyfriend
is this the bad side of the neck it's
very excited I shouldn't do this is the
good one just testing to see if it works
for us all right whatever you do don't
try this at home kids
okay why do you want to go again
don't want to tell Laurent you last for
well we have to turn down the power for
Apollo you can't do anything that your
dogs wouldn't do people yeah we love our
animals a lot this is what wakes me up
every morning besides the Starbucks in
her kitchen
yeah keep beeping who's next
yes good morning Ron good morning Ron
setting out the calories buddy
good work man thank you let me test out
yeah I'll let you test it out really
whenever but as long as Apollo safe
everything okay
I would also beg to differ that you're
good no I mean I wasn't good to begin
with I mean I I'm normal okay so then
guys you know guys don't want my pants
we built the whole office upstairs oh we
don't have any furniture you see all the
furniture Kevin respect me I respect you
you respect me like no one cares I'm
going
ah they called me and they said if
you're down you have to dump your
girlfriend but if they said if they
don't eww girl fun they're gonna make
you the voice of the ice age three
anyways people we are already off to a
great start today but something not so
fun happened my friends set me up with
an intervention that we did that we did
well the clip so right now Jake is in
the shower but we're setting this up
hold on
so basically Jake Paulus
it's intervention time for jakey he's
been acting a little different and we
think it's because jerrika hasn't been
is real they have is an in Oh together
and it's just meeting just want to bring
it up we got the whole team involved but
they're in the kitchen we're all here
for you Jake you guys are doing that
today I personally have been missing
Jerrica and that kiss the other day in
the vlog yeah yeah play that kiss one
more time he was so happy after that
like that's how we really notice because
when it came here so happy we realized
oh he's not happy all the time like that
interventions we didn't want to do this
man we were trying to force it to it
we're kind of having a little
intervention attention like no no I'm so
confused we're talking about Jarek is it
hurting me a little bit sorry to tell us
me no not really
maybe you guys use like if your fun
levels that like 120 normally you're at
like it's 70 right now we really noticed
it after the kiss at the concert yeah
they were like ecstatic after that and
happy and that's what it all kind of
just like hit us you guys well this
tantrum I haven't been the same since
you do okay that's a great when Jarek is
going on and it's not so great when it's
not going on so basically we need to fix
that how do we fix a problem Jake oh
yeah we actually we have Erica coming
here in a little bit I think it's like
when marriage is like if anyone should
need the intervention so what you guys
are saying is that we're having another
wedding to renew our marriage vows to
each other she actually doesn't really
know about them
you're fired Nathan well Jake Pollard's
here we go
thing is they don't make video so what's
Nathan gonna wet it so guys apparently
another wedding and we're invited this
time we are how feel good guys take take
it's gonna be okay bro you got cold feet
brother I get it I got it will make me
happier think about your happiness think
about your hair I'm just thinking about
number oh I know you can yeah ideas are
what I'm good bro we should never be
together me and read too much hit yes
get out here yeah god that's all no no
give it oh so I've been realized that I
had a whole entire wedding to plan but I
had to deal with a little bit of a
situation in the meantime we almost died
oh very Pollard's you don't even know
when I say situation I'm talking a big
situation you may notice it alliteration
no no no no it's I have this bug barrier
raid Mac all those figures do you
remember the other day Anthony and I put
a barrier around the house and stopped
the Bucks to stop the ends but now guys
clearly there's tons of bugs how they
just keep on breaking in everywhere I
was in the garage a few moments ago
trying to plan out which spot I'm gonna
park my lambo in but I found a tarantula
the biggest spider that I've ever seen
in my life every single inch and a half
back up no no no get that broom get the
broom we need all hands on deck right
there Oh
I hired him again but I'm going in on it
this is above description hold this oh
my god oh no that might be a black widow
but actually I think the Lambo is gonna
go right there side no and my boy
Anthony is such a savage that he tried
to kill the spider with his iPhone he
has a problem here's a problem it's time
to get married again but it's all good
because you know that your boy is gonna
kill out machito propose to Erica I've
got to set up some chairs I got to find
a priest
I gotta invite max man I gotta invite a
best man say worst man get out of there
oh I was really probably none of them up
there so we have a lot to flip and do
let's hit it
sorry Nathan you're fired let's hit it
and guys in lieu of the wedding I
already started making some calls
I've got Andy making dinner we have ring
bearer and
maybe we have our ring bearers they're
gonna the flower girls they're gonna
throw the flowers everywhere I'm trying
to make this a better wedding the last
time last time was a little bit tragic
but Andy here is going to be our chef
look he's already making us dinner think
he might be a good priest so like I said
there is a lot going on people and I'm
trying to figure out where we want to
have this wedding that I think it could
be dope here or in the backyard plus we
talked about how Andy hasn't left the
kitchen in like three days
I don't know what's going out with the
man but I also want to check out the
backyard and Nathan and I oh yeah I
hired Nathan again by the way but Nathan
and I were gonna make a decision and
look at this my friends are actually
being productive I'm proud of you guys
money can't buy happiness
my twin way dudes guys he'll thank you
drive the Martinez twins around it's
gonna be a double marriage I'm really
forcing that upon everyone it needs to
happen how do you reach the pedals oh
hey mom all right let's go in the
backyard Nathan or our other option is
to have the wedding right here on this
side yard it does look kind of nice back
here when the lighting changes a little
bit you know I'm gonna get remarried I
was kind of thinking the same thing I'm
vlogging here true yeah okay but yeah I
was kind of thinking the same thing bro
Nathan what do you think I should do
what is your heart say you should do
Jade heart doesn't speak with the pot
but anyway you still got your voice on
that you're wrong with this journey I
should probably go proposed Erica again
right now because she doesn't even know
that we're getting remarried she knows
something's going down but she doesn't
know what it is so hopefully she says
yes so I have my ring ring papa and I
don't know where Erica is but
Erica will you marry me
Hostel flash Kyle will you marry me will
you renew our vows Erica please take my
hand in marriage I hear one more time so
is that a yes yeah yeah yeah yeah okay
well looks like we're renewing our vows
you say marry
I hate I didn't mean anything I have a
whole wedding plan when only 30 minutes
I don't know be not I mean bro am I
hired again yeah all right so there's a
lot going on still guys we got white
chairs for this wedding I know it's
crazy about the ugh job with what's
crazy about this whole other thing is
that my friends were the ones who wanted
this and I don't see my friends helping
anywhere and you're fired
put the camera down a few moments later
so my friends finally showed up your mom
wants to get married here yeah they're
cool she just said it oh yeah she's cute
definitely let's setup guys come on we
have to put on the best wedding that has
ever been done after all this time for
what she knows he knows
I get the arch get the arch bro it's not
on the wrong side it's my big day it's
my big day if somebody you have some
respect for me Nathan you're hired again
and I give you the bike job babe this is
gonna be the best the wedding ever
oh sweet mama Mia Jeff buddy Americo
Josh Jeff is here yeah to get me lookin
good for the wedding
are you ready yeah last time last time
it was really good I got lines in my
hair we're renewing our vows I'm Dave
please no my dear Lana produced anything
else or no no okay hi Jake back to work
okay
all right guys we're still building this
our Trey Apollo will you be my best man
Jake is looking nice I'm getting married
in an hour I'm not even saying you
should do just so you should think it's
a little bit late the other night she
says she loves you which is halfway
there you should propose Bruce she's in
it for the views okay
andis getting married would you say yes
and we're gonna do a FaceTime marriage
with the Montoya twins like a big pizza
pilots oh oh speaking of relationships
you know how I had everyone write in a
poem to go on a date with Justin my boy
here a ton of people wrote poems and we
have a winner
she's getting flown out to Los Angeles I
think in like a couple of days yeah bro
in a couple of days her name is Rae and
uh it's not this Rae how old is she
somebody jealous 17 she's 17 yeah 17 my
boys going on a date yeah yeah
so barber Jeff you're gonna make me look
sexy actually I'm not I'm not a barber
I'm actually Jake's friend who just
happens to cut hair
you're also a pool boy once not the most
RIT polka I've ever seen a lot yeah I
just come around yeah Jake because he
has a lot of subscribe I mean because he
is a nice guy all right Thank You Jeff I
really appreciate that there's true
friendship for that - yeah don't ready
but I'm just waiting like 10 minutes or
so you're like five mean in YouTube time
it's like min and a half maybe less
depends on how we edit it and you're
fired all right cool
quality haircut a fast there call to
call the air Nathan you're hired again
thank you well I grew up in New York
City where I worked in a barber shop
till I was 16 and then I got introduced
to a life of crime in that barber shops
so and I kind of drifted away from the
business and got more into a lot of
criminal activity and stuff like that so
you're a criminal not not really I mean
I'm not I did some time and now I got
back to cleaning up my life and I'm a
barber again yeah yeah that was our pool
guys so when I don't clean pools no more
all right anyways you're fired
can I tell you spa yeah come on just
don't call my ear off okay Jeff
so we get enough lost people thank you a
proud of you again I'm nervous yeah
renewing my vows
oh it's book like this actually in my
merch thing isn't about just you walking
down and I'll count where shant's
Anthony there where Schatz and Anthony
oh come here buddy come on all I saved
you a seat fool is that a Jay Paul boy
all right where my best friend
oh no put the vlog cameras down this is
my moment it's her moment - yeah where
the are you dude you're my best friend
I'm getting married
you really have to poop please sit down
- marriage happen in a month baby don't
worry I just want to say you look
beautiful thank you you look beautiful -
I like your shoes
oh we're both wearing Gucci flip-flops
hey where are you we're gonna get into
it Andy Andy you can't get really good
at cooking
Oh save it you like this known the other
so all the bugs are out so we need them
a bookkeeper tastes like kind of like
sexy is that you're hiding from me but
I'm still like a tiger problem yeah yeah
it's like I see I could see you but I
can definitely see me at sea through my
pants are see-through - like you can
stop reading my book it's available on
Amazon yeah official yeah yeah I don't
know can we can you guys
thank you now put the hand of the jig
followed by say after me say after me
say after me every day every day every
day it's a bro bro it's every day every
day is every day until it's nah it's
every day it's every day when I'm sick
it's every day these birds are coming in
we're the best man I'm ruining
everything oh my god chance do you want
to get married next financially my views
haven't been high enough to afford that
Soames but it's free love well you know
so you down to Miriam from the Jake 10
thoughts I'm having right now 10
thoughts he has right now for 10
thoughts happy thoughts
you may unfilled unfair I promise I'll
be loyal to you forever and doable
really are you forgetting that we added
intervention for you these are your vows
to your wife that's what we're getting
married again
yeah you should be here chances here too
I will spend the rest of my life with
you and you mean so much to me and I
will shall not forever thoughts of my
mind
under the treetops my daily agenda was
filling up with acting classes improv
classes and being in Los Angeles where I
could pursue opportunities to be a Viner
10 facts about teenage guys that we
already read that part okay let's make
out okay
this is where I throw it up in the air
who is getting married next marry you
this is expensive
I'll buy guys hit the club 59 659 minute
early no your your invite said 7:00 the
whole wedding yeah so everything's done
yeah you miss there's absolutely no part
I could be a part of right anything I
could do really anything no sorry
Mackenzie you guys you guys from the
club we renewed our vows how was that it
was kind of weird right they weren't
terrible okay did you just wipe it off
no did you just wipe it off we're just
scratching my head are we having a
moment right here like do we need a
fight or what yeah like I'm fight you
okay fights over hi Jake Polish thank
you guys so much for watching oh this
man okay Jake callers wait I actually
want to tell you guys about something if
you want to text me guys I'm gonna be
responding to your guys's text message
as all you have to do is go to text Jake
Paul calm all right flip in now and we
can text so send me a flip index and
we'll be able to chat and I copped
yourself some of the hottest flipping
merch in the game my boys join the
family smash that subscribe button I
will see y'all tomorrow because
thief I lost a lot of weight what do you
mean IDI wasn't seeing that oh I was
just like my back hurts your fingers in
my butt
well you can make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
