no I'm trying I can try oh well there's
only one more thing we can do good party
Jake polish everyone is about to take
the trash out right now uncle ke what
are you doing orange one is way more fun
it's time to start the morning off with
a bang come on DJ Pollard Ajo here
good morning chief Pollard's you already
know that it's about to go down it is
Sunday hashtag Sunday y'all are watching
this on a Monday but we're filming it on
a Sunday so it's a Sunday Funday like I
said if you're new here I'm Jake Paul
although the Jake bothers this is a team
ten house today is going to be an
awesome day so people put your vlog
belts on we're climbing up the roller
coaster cuz it's about to go party
people let me get you caught up to speed
it all started this morning with a
workout guys I promise we did more of a
workout but that's the only part I
wanted to show you your blog bolts are
on it's Sunday Funday let's have a
little bit of fun am i right Chad I mean
I'm down I trust you and you know who
else is late my flipping boy Bob yeah
buddy you keep building okay keep on
building Bob nothing's gonna stop you
like I said it's going bro Chad I leave
for four seconds and I leave for four
seconds and this is what's going to get
off with my friend Bob he has feelings
too you know I'm sorry Bob I got your
back you're done you're done Sunday
Funday you got it this Sunday Funday you
already know it's my turn to have a
little bit of fun but guys before we get
started anyhow oh just yeah he just
broke the skateboard
I don't know what he's saying but I
think he said no well I guess our
skateboard is broken now I know there's
a lot going on below I said guys put
your vlog belts on and Andy is up to
something what is going down my boy it's
Sunday fun day baby we do the fun we
need to make it the banana tree baby
bananas I think my boy wants to plant a
banana for Sunday funny I don't know
it's not that fun to me bro cool anyways
we have a little bit of a dilemma and
problem that we need to help Nick
Crumpton with over here now if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog what are you
doing I mean chance and Anthony pissed
in the back of the bus we had a concert
it was flippin lit dude that is nasty
bro but we figured out that Nick has a
brother look at that oh my god so much
tea and after the vlog ended yesterday
we started to realize that Nick here is
losing his British accent because like
watched a tea tea tea it's too American
who no longer England is not your city
Nick needs our help people with my
grandfather he said buy a tree because a
tree it gives you 3 things it gives you
the shade it gives you the beauty and
then it gives you the fruit and then you
need help buddy you definitely need help
ok but anyways people do it Sunday
Funday know
and it's my turn to have a little bit of
fun before I was interrupted by and
breaking my skateboards and stuff like
that okay I'm gonna have this is gonna
be the most fun moment that I've ever
had in my life and people are over
trying to stop you from having fun in
life still flippin what and then you're
gonna have fun and nothing is so much
fun already guys but right to flippin
now we have to go do something super
special that I have been waiting for for
a couple of days now so guys we like I
said are on our way to do something
extremely special so you all know about
this bracelet and Paige Buxton and the
story behind that and you all also know
about the video I made a couple days ago
talking about the situation I told you
guys that we're gonna try and reach out
to their family so that I could be able
to go and meet Ashley who is the little
sister of Paige who's a Jake caller so
that I could interact with her and
hopefully make her feel better about
flipping and so got in touch with their
family and right now we are on our way
to go surprise Ashley her sister
Samantha like set everything up and
Ashley has no idea that we are about to
show up at this restaurant and surprise
her this is like so special to me and
it's so awesome that I'm able
to do this and hopefully make her day a
little bit better and Paige I know
you're gonna be with us there in spirit
but Ashley yeah we come
we're at that story we have to be stuff
just watch the video
yeah and I cried every year it was so
beautiful give me another
all right so we're like sitting here
hanging out and a conversation gets
brought up where we're talking about I'm
always trying to find out from my
parents like who they like more me or
Logan and Ashley has a theory ominous so
I think your dad likes Logan and your
mom likes you
just because like your mom it's like
always in your house more yeah I don't
know I'm like I don't know every time
your dad goes to look-ins house he's
always wearing like Logan's dad what are
you doing that but one time my dad did
say that I'm his favorite son so on
camera yeah no I think I think
definitely both my parents like me more
that's just my theory though Helle I
don't know I just like who do your
parents like better you were Kate all
right I'm like a processing disorder
from a traumatic brain injury and she
needed just a little support
they would call her out color stupid and
from the whole class it got so bad that
the student star
she got to the point where she could go
to school that she couldn't
even get out of the car and you couldn't
fight this
so
I pack the kids up and left I left my
house
we just left everything I said get the
skateboard in the Barbies and
living here you don't have that problem
here
and if you do
at the high schools they
change teacher and they take it
seriously it's
just kids bullied kids or they take it
seriously if a teacher
let's go through that and Ashley's gone
through it
I've had teachers be stretched societies
forgetting that adults can bully too and
her children
at a very young age teachers that did
that to page
throw some confidence in who she could
be well that's the teachers are supposed
to be your baby support and if the
teachers are doing it that's when it
becomes okay for the kids to do it
because they're they're setting the
example
a teacher should be a safe person for
student so her goal was to record her
music I was going to chew her with her
I sing backup for all the time I wish I
had heard that stuff saying to one of
Justin Bieber songs she had played on
doing really well
hi you guys
and it just you you're just supporting
the world
you have a great mom you posted her
music which
she got it on the night
I asked everybody to listen to it
because
but all the money is gone
and it was gone before I came out here
unfortunately you can't
they have like no college tuition
nothing I've got nothing
so I was hoping that her music on iTunes
would do well enough to help pay for
their college tuition that was she would
have wanted that because school was
extremely important to her she's
extremely bright she want to be a lawyer
as well as a singer and she was very
smart just like all my kids just super
bright
I had to call me the other day and she
said on page has a five-star rating and
110 what did you poke reviews oh and it
may help my children
be able to go to college now I hope I
don't know if L don't understand the
whole I too to hear how it works or
music
ashle blows up her makeup tutorials and
becomes a youtuber you got this you got
this
I talked to my brother I'm like you have
to teach me how to edit and stuff he's
like I learned on my own you could do it
by yourself I'm not that smart
what what so I was at this place
and I wrote my makeup Instagram like
name on this like piece of paper that
you could write on and me and my friend
like went and waited for our food and
these other girls started like typing in
my username and stuff and they were like
watching the videos and they all like
start laughing at me and like laughing
at the videos so like me and my friend
got like so embarrassed because she was
on like the most recent video like I did
her makeup and so we like got so
embarrassed we went out the back exit
and we like ran into the car
you know I feel like we have a lot in
common there we're like people just like
wanting to drag you down for no reason
like and and I think this is a good
example for like everyone watching at
home it's like you're not alone and you
should chase your dreams and so dab on
them haters Jake Pollard's we should get
her Ashley to 10,000 followers on
Instagram so that these people who hate
on her will no longer be able to say
anything and we just dab right on them
would you like that
all right ready for the pop tag three
two one
both hi Jake politics to your Instagram
let's get her to 10k Jake Pollard's
unite dab on the mater's and if you feel
like you're alone or afraid to chase
your dreams or goals or people are
making fun of you for it just like don't
ever let that stop you and that's what
that saying dab on the haters means so
told you I'm gonna give it yet
and we're gonna kill the game together
high five I'm on here
Jake Pollard's that was crazy
I'm still trying to figure out how I can
help their family more Ashley you're
amazing and stay positive and then DJ
crawlers out there all you can do in
life is stay positive and keep on
smiling and we've had a bunch of
bracelets for some of the themes had
members in Paige I know all she would
want is for you guys to hear her music
so I don't know what I'm saying sorry
for being awkward uncle Ian it's like a
little bit emotion
Italy goodbye don't cry see like here's
the camera stopped recording hit take
this it's not recording in 15 minutes
lay down
alright guys well has some time to char
for a second but right now it is back to
Sunday Funday look who it is
Nick Crumpton and Erica it is time to
help Nick out over the past couple of
weeks I have noticed that Nick is
starting to become way too Americanized
and Nick needs our help isn't that right
buddy
no I like being American
okay well Jack I'm kidding I really need
Jack do you feel like you're losing your
brother so in that case we need to get
Nick back so that Jack can have his
brother back this is super important
looks like an intervention and I just
needed to help and and we're all here to
help you all so we're like hold your
hands to Jick what's going on here
though we're giving Jack the Taco Bell
for the first time in his life you're
eating talk oh my god no honey no hey
honey you need to be eating crumpets and
tea
what is this man I've been here too long
what about the Queen
this man needs our help Nathan let's go
tea tea coffee coffee tea tea more Nick
car car more truck wagon more bargain
bin no no no no no grab the tea and put
it in the cart Nick I can't do it I
can't do it come on Nick I can't I can't
kick the football Nick juggle with us
Nick kick the ball kick the ball Nick
take the ball Nick Nick no
Nick Nick first step up damn it Nick
step out of it bro in the national
anthem with me the British national
anthem god save our gracious Queen
that's the American National Anthem oh
yeah you know what I got this get in the
Jeep and drive on the left side of the
road no I'm trying well there's only one
more thing we can do
the only way to get rid of the American
in you Nick prompted it's to have an
American exorcism
Jake Palmer's yes do not try this at
home
the British guys will come into you and
pull the American right think it's okay
it's okay Nick we are here with you
today you like this video
England will be your sister
please jump down
where's my bloody teeth what's going on
is your city broke this is your queen
the queen the best day of my life I did
not think that we had ever seen English
this week on the perfect coming the hair
is perfect England is my city air if
they want 14:10 my name is nick cropped
in my color stay open yes I can rap n-no
nothing carpets and the team Terry Ont
Cheerios and crumpets and cherry Ont
what does that call them yeah yeah no
avail no no my it's called a lift a bit
you've lost your roots well that was
dope I guess thanks for doing that it's
protecting the American out me I
appreciate it yeah yeah all right well
I'll see you in us I'll see you in
England yeah he's beautiful
oh boy oh yes we should end the vlog so
Jake thank y'all so much for watching if
you haven't joined the strongest team on
YouTube already smash that subscribe
button right now and today's post
notification shadow goes through Kerry
McIntyre guys if you want to post
something shut up all you gotta do is
turn on my post notifications they come
it when you're done my boy chances are
you feeling better yeah from yesterday
when you freaked out and three time I my
ear yeah your ear dude that's cool but
party people take your vlog belts off
cuz it is over and I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's everyday go back
get it well yeah okay yeah make sure
you're subscribed to keep up with my
life on the daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow oops
