Wow Wow I'm just out of this kind of
chance bro flip it out dear buddy
people people body people good morning
Jake Pollard's let's go G how are you
doing bro my boys everything this is how
we do it in the mornings many guys this
isn't the start of the day this is just
the warmup a lot happened earlier this
morning I'm gonna narrate it for you but
apparently uncle Kate's a professional
cliff drivers yeah ten how the hairy
nips an uncle thing or what it comes
with age kids and girl one
why is he strong really do breed him
right
good morning party people I got my Gucci
flops on so you already know it's a
party up in here but guys it all started
out last night went and they couldn't
get the Italian out of his system and he
said let me make some stuff for y'all
let me stallion the Italian roll the
bell India roba Chima Gucci bell are
over here Jojo come on dear no you will
not believe what just happened man and
he brought this straight from Italy and
a he literally handcrafted this candle
platform out of his wine barrels
imagine a barrel of wine I like these
like sit like that I took a pottery with
my bare hand he said and it says to my
good friend Jake from Andy it's everyday
bro now got that much Oh Andy this is
actually liberal you can smell the wine
it's so Italian I come to your house
baby I bring a housewarming gift it's
straight from literally yeah oh and last
name
I love the party people gotta love it
but then this morning you know your boys
had to get them flipping game y'all
acting like you were there from the
stars my idea just roll it I'm back in
LA which means that Donna's back the
games sure and it also means that chance
man that he need to wake up and freakin
work out with us guys cuz they are at
least that was the most unenthused I've
ever seen chance of my life
and then guys after we're done getting
swole I'll come back into the kitchen
and this is what I see it's the next
morning look what is this it's the next
morning and Andy and uncle K are still
cooking it's like the Italian has just
gotten straight to their head guys guys
you go home now we go home no it's over
Andy no no you guys can go to sleep I'm
gonna stay when the tummies are empty
Andy have you slept yet I never sleep I
only cook I like the man for that
also chance can you tell your girlfriend
please come being the only thing hate
about that his chance
but then squad it was time for a power
to move up the flippin ranks in life and
get trained because he needs to be
training okay so it's training day for
Apollo and he's making a new friend but
Apollo needs training he needs to learn
how to ride a skateboard to backflip the
whole nine yards people swaggy here is
gonna be his older brother and teach him
the ways of life
you gotta love smiley toes but that's
all they feel save you know yeah yeah I
know I smelled people's butt all the
time
yeah yeah yeah yeah it's cool what's up
Jeff what's up yeah cool cool so he's
just drinking his water they're gonna be
best friends one day right now we
observe a wild Apollo being trained by
my voice Maggie look at her bro he's
being such a good dog oh my god
now hopefully doesn't my bad things more
what a great day
who's the best vlogger who's the best
vlogger hi yeah and so I am so excited
for Apollo to actually become like the
best dog in the flippin world because I
think he has the potential to see his
beautiful look at this one picture I
took of a boom like I still can't get
over how he found this random Jake
Palmer onesie like I still know
christmas came early Jake does have
pokeballs
or awesome but anyways that's besides
the point we were basically walking
around what are you you won't believe
what we found in this house or actually
uncle Kade found it while I was trying
to play with the dogs I'm a dog player
kind of no funny story you'll never
guess what I found I was looking for my
lip balm on the staircase over here okay
six my bad stay in there first second
this is my staircase no it looks dope in
there looks like he's been there a while
no how long have you been here he's my
boy snacks and everything yeah What did
he say oh my gosh do you see this I'm
believing
yeah what is this he's bought him you're
six years old it means should we hang
out with them no he's got a picture of
his family are you
but you really made a dope room I'm
coming in yo so you're a vlogger now
like officially bro he's got his head of
want cubed I'm actually vlogging like
it's recording right now what it's going
down right now
you throw a laser behind like $100 a
month maybe $100 a month is pretty fair
for this room Ben's house can we talk
about what it's going to do I'd live
here if I was six years old
oh there's a conflict going on okay VIN
and then they appear to be best friends
or some source so now you all are caught
up the speed add that he's trying to get
on this is this your good side or what
no this is my good side to everybody has
a good time we're gonna take a picture
with our good sides three two what what
I notice how Justin wasn't in the
picture because you're the sexiest
fifteen-year-old I know really yeah no
no no people say we look alike too so
that means I mean you're cute so I'm
cute I guess
anyways guys we're driving cliffs we're
bunking we're doing a bunch of stuff
we're showing our good sides and array
over here can I just ask you it happened
with your pants
honey
cringes hell no do you think the answers
like in the concert I was wondering why
the concert hall is ready the concerts
tonight tonight oh my god 15 minutes oh
my god is that why you're you guys are
all dressed up yeah yeah yeah
so my god wait I think I actually
dressed up we actually have to go to a
concert in 15 minutes maybe just change
this shit that's the best part about the
outfit what yeah can't you just no but
Anthony actually really is fast like
we're from Ohio and some people swing us
we just automatically dodge it it's like
are you good at dodging stuff though
from the best oh I thought you're gonna
dodge it I gotta go change your but one
thing I just thought about like it's
been a couple of hours we should see if
Ben is still in this house I literally
already still hear him bad yo yo Apollo
is this your new home how long have you
been here now like a couple hours dude
you gotta go home
this is nice
real home all right well I'll see you
guys later anyways guys I totally
actually forgot about this like whole
entire segment that was going on it yo
yo who is this oh my gosh it's Ben if
you're gonna where'd he go then how did
you even get up here bro okay I'm
definitely gonna call your parents
Nathan come on okay he's coming with me
guys as I was saying I forgot about this
big concert that we were having and I
don't know why dummies yeah we but we
ought to make do with the situation you
know what I mean Ben so I need to figure
out what to wear yo you have good style
by the way then for a six-year-old I
mean I looks like I just went out to see
my mom and dad get married and come here
to you you look like you slept yeah
don't baby whoo guys I'm gonna put on an
outfit and see how you guys like it
ready three two whoa
did you see that
okay three two what yeah look those it's
a good outfit of walk I got one red
snapback on you already know the game
yeah but you have two different colored
shoes on what are you doing I don't
think the whole snap thing works just
saying it looks agent Joe ready I'm
ready bro what will happen to your pants
Apollo I Love You Anthony
it's my best friend from Ohio doh
let's go party guys I'm late Carlton
it's always you always what do you mean
it's always I'm always late twelve
minutes no I'm not
yo agent Joe is Joe there's so much
going on instead of driving cliffs we're
driving the team ten bus to this flip in
concert Nick calm down bro no you just
want to sing sing England as my City is
that that's what you want to do at a
time is what I want yeah can you warm up
your voice England is my city
England is my city England is my city oh
well you need to learn that England is
not a city oh you do roll the clip Oh
roll the clip
yeah no yeah roll the clip yeah roll the
clip guys when Nick says roll the clip
every single time
all I'm gonna do is roll the clip of him
singing the most embarrassing song in
the world
dances DJ DJ pooping party 20 minutes
later so we've been driving we've got a
pretty big road trip ahead of us you
know I mean so I'm playing with nick
saraf's they cure my boredom but guys
while we were going i recorded an
Instagram story roll the clip yo fake
March but I still love you
fake March though Phandroid buster I
love you guys
dad dad buy them real March - fan joy
Buster those kids are awesome like I
love them but I do see B Holly Koch oh I
do see people all the time it's not that
fun his GPS has a British accent that
was the coolest thing I've ever seen bro
but I do see people a lot of times with
fake March which I mean Nick the
Navigator Nick the Navigator you guys
look like you're having fun back there
cannot God where's Andy okay Andy's
coming in the follow vehicle he had to
provide entertainment for the rest of
squad okay so apparently Andy's in the
follow vehicle we're meeting the rest of
team 10 there Jarek is gonna be there
Tessa chesa Oh
Tristan's gonna be there but anyways
besides the flippin point going back to
the Instagram story that I made which is
what well I'm trying to talk about this
whole entire time from now on if I see
people with fake March
I'm fan joy busting you Chris the CEO
will come and rip your head off not
actually guys though but like you should
get yourself some real merch I mean it's
just like it's like wearing fake easy
eyewear fakey this isn't a live audience
Oh Chad wore fake ez is one time that's
yeah well we flew them away on a drone
so we got your back so shameless plug
drop yourself some of the Jake ball more
to the real Jake Bohm words in the link
in the description Phandroid go back to
that Jake ball but God willing you know
it's a special night because I got my
Versace chain on Versace Versace Medusa
hit on me like I'm nominated it's
officially a road trip I'll sit down you
have to pee yeah Nick's got some bottles
you won't pee in a bottle bottles no way
you're actually peeing in the bottle
has probably been done before the fish
down put the piss down bjbj put the fish
down you do this yesterday - dude we are
one big dysfunctional family y'all are
both still peeing back here bro how you
doing Justin I'm going am showing the J
College
that is the grossest thing I've ever
seen Tony bro I got all mine in here
dude that is nasty bro Justin I will put
you on Team ten if you drink it okay I
will take a sip yo yo I know
two hours later just got to the event
you know that was like the longest ride
ever can we stretch like cats for a
moment yeah bro I need a stretch all
right so we're going backstage right now
and guys like I said this isn't just a
concert this is like haunted maze who do
this we got scary people everywhere this
is the type of stuff that I'm talking
about Halloween is excellent the Jake
Pollard's are here guys I love you as
always
yo look essa
we're trying to have a sit-down talk
with chance Alex and Tessa squad if you
can see if there's a dent in the mic
that is good luck whenever there is a
dent in my mic I'm like yes let's let me
do it I don't know why but like it's
just good luck wrong was those fun
what's up good luck Mike is this good
luck Mike yeah he's repping the
Cleveland out here in the street
what the hey you know back up you don't
look like a fan back up it's everyday
broke I don't like that at all actually
you could be my little brother birthday
no that's off your K dad is off his K
and he's saved if you don't want to eat
it
bring it in bro bring it in the camera
is almost bigger than you that Jake
polisher weight is your name Kaden bro
my name is Kate oh so I haven't seen
Erica in like two weeks so you should go
up to her and be like hey babe what's up
she'll think it's me oh thanks yeah
people tell me I'm Q all the time
literally a mini-me he's a blogger too
so I mean it's like it's everyday bro
you think it's a joke it's not a joke
all right guys we run through this show
Apollo's here daddy's got to go to work
okay buddy but before we go on stage
guys this is the big moment in my
flipping life like this is Nick
Crompton's brother and his name is Jack
can you say hi these two England is
their City this is the funniest thing
I've ever done like we have two people
from England here in our presidents Nick
Cullen has a brother bro it doesn't get
much better than this you as ever like
you guys like have a fight ideas better
which one got to the petrol station
first that's some make Crum them hair
right there look which he needs to step
his game up Jack you're slacking on a
new trial China I'm having so much fun
right now yo let's put on a stick
conscience hope
hey stop no no no Hey so many J closed
you have the Brutes on what is going now
concert was lit it was now guys it is
time to have a conversation with chance
and both of his girlfriend oh my god
where'd you have a conversation with
your making this a big deal but they've
hung out before chance row it's fine
right
how was shagging huh ah damn show
chances obviously upset yo he just
walked out okay he loves you so Rob what
he does it's a little bit weird too
because Jericho is here to chance got
extremely salty and decided to forfeit
being a part of this conversation
hashtag salt alert and Tessa is wearing
that orange for the Halloween look at
that I'm here with both of chances girl
well you would you used to be oh yeah
quite a while ago and I just want to
have a slight conversation okay is there
any beef between you two you know no not
on my end for sure I mean we aren't
really hung out well like I'm showing I
think you guys would be really good
friends like I know both of you yeah
there's a peanut gallery over here
I would like to ask you the question
what is your favorite quality and chance
he's very positive what is your favorite
cloth him Tessa Brooks you heard it here
first
the competition is shook Oh the peanut
gallery is here I don't know he does
have a great smile although it does
remind me of an ice age squirrel my
friend chance is actually very
good-looking really really just
injustice who would win in a fist fight
between you two
oh she went for sure I'm not a fighter
really yes either Bobby no it's not
about this way I'm not saying they're
gonna fight yeah it was a great question
chance they're gonna make it ice age 3
if you come over here if y'all were to
kiss it would break the internet we're
not kissing bring it in okay bring it
Jericho's real not yeah yeah and a
chance what do I think
and guys Apollo is here too who do you
choose
were you guys or are you guys in love
with chance like actually in love you're
in love we're friends
no and he's about to get married they
got fake married in Las Vegas but what
do you think about someone who is
actually about to get married like what
do you think about the situation
marriage is what brings us together
that is beautiful I'm good I'm happy I'm
chilling I'm very content with my life
chillin I am CEO and I'm very happy
here's the thing though I don't want
this just be a drama session I want this
to be our unity session where we can
come together as one to support our best
friend our lover our X as chance the ice
age son he's a great person he means
well we're not trying to roast them at
all but we do love the drum you heard it
here first and Jay Paul blogs
squad that was such an awesome content
concert thank you all for coming Jake
ballers you guys are the best
as always we support each other we're
grinding and if you weren't already a
part of the Jake Paul and family smash
that subscribe button right now baby we
have some litt stuff planned for
tomorrow so make sure you stay tuned for
that cop yourself some of the hottest
mercs in the game baby link in the
description pants roids octobots let's
take Paul yeah and I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's back slash kpop
get it while you can
yeah make sure you're subscribed to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow oops
