you guys as Jake callers are probably
gonna see a little bit of a side of me
that I never never ever show what is
Gucci I hope you all are having a great
day we are on fire I got the energy
going I got that as you go on so feeling
good I'm back in Los Angeles the weather
is great the house is starting to come
together I'm gonna give you guys some
updates okay okay it's gonna hit the
4-step the boys are back in town like I
said I'm Jake Paul yeah it is lit every
single day
the wimps are here we got the rainbows
we got Lamborghinis coming soon no good
people but it did it it all started this
morning guys let me get you caught up to
speed a wee wee bit it all started this
morning in New York roll the clip it is
4:00 a.m.
no sleep cuz when you gotta grind you
gotta flip it right we gotta get back to
Los Angeles and get some everybody wake
up no we gotta go now no model Nathan
what are you doing buddy if my beauty
sleep you're not beautiful exactly close
right do you ever just feel like you're
the only one who's up and just like
lonely you're mean it's like that too
chain song where he goes for a yam I'm
just getting started
no okay excuse me sir don't move now put
your floor turned into a zebra wow I was
using the energy baby and then it was
time to get lit in the car with my boy
Raphael you guys remember you already
know the drill bro
today is a great day boys Raphael is
back I know you like this one did you
see that dude - same and Ray is a hit
over there hitting on executed is this
what you guys are talking about in the
group chats and the text messages I'm
getting gray keeps on hitting on our
security go stop stop that way guilty oh
my gosh it's so hot I'm just trying to
do my intro and day
leave my car alone there's already so
much going on it feels good to be back
home baby make yourself at home Andy
okay
and they that's my car as I was saying
there's a lot go chill our couch is here
guys we're finally able to move in and
we got friend of turned stuff yeah don't
do it Jake
is that my couch I did it man like I
said guys we're moving into the house
we're putting in holes in walls and
stuff we're putting TVs under the thing
we got ladders out like I told you guys
this house is going to be lit let me
tell you and guys we can't forget about
Apollo this package came in the mail
I've got my boy a flipping dog man
Apollo
look it's a dog man I thought it was the
bed putting the office chairs together
so we can do some big Los Angeles
business Oh see what I did there cool I
also put my trophy into this thing looks
right there we're still working on the
house though guys and now you're almost
caught up to speed but basically when I
got back to Los Angeles this morning I
was like y'all got to get those gains
because fitness is the first step to
greatness probably you guys silly we're
still gonna stand and kiss gains baby
ray please put a shirt on do it this is
the first step to greatness
and Apollo's got his phone cuz he's
calling all them dog girls who are you
calling oh he's calling
he's calling calm and y'all you still
aren't too caught up to speed fully but
guys you're still aren't caught up to
speed there's one more thing that I need
to talk about with job so guys it's time
to get to get a little bit serious to
get a little bit juicy and you guys as
Jake followers are probably gonna see a
little bit of a side of me that I never
never ever show so I get home from from
Los Angeles and I'm doing my thing
whatever and someone asked me they asked
me if I have seen Brian Lee's new video
and and if you guys don't know Brian Lee
is a lot of you guys know him by his
alias name of rice gum his name is Brian
and that's how I'm going to address him
they were like yo dude have you seen
Brian's new video and I was like no like
what's it about like what's going down I
don't know and they tell me that it's a
video about it then reacting to our new
team 10 house
anyhow so the elevator just makes the
house automatically cool the thing is
though their house is only two floors
right like take the stairs
our house has eight floors so sometimes
we lit up and down it's like kind of
hard so we get an elevator
y'all got two floors boy and basically
just like talking smack on everything
the whole entire time and that's totally
fine but then they proceeded to tell me
that within the video he was making fun
of suicide of people committing suicide
and then a rope hanging down with like
the swirly thing there like a chair
underneath just right around there
somewhere and then he was making fun of
Nick crompton and and Tessa Brooks and
body shaming them and calling them fat
that's not and so I watched the video I
was just like I was blown away everyone
has seen recently that Brian
is a terrible terrible person he is a
scum bag his mom idubbbz
made a video about him basically as I
second everything that this scumbag this
terrible human being has ever done dude
you are a terrible terrible terrible
human being
items then proceeds in the rest of that
video to expose him more and more and
more and more we don't even have to get
into all of that because it doesn't
involve me
Bryan's most recent video has extremely
touched me and hurt me in a many
different ways he could say whatever he
wants about me I don't respond to hate I
don't care about the hate people can
hate how many all they want I make fun
of myself I made a whole entire diss
track on myself that's great like I'm
not going anywhere like hey hey all you
want on me but when you start to talk
about things and people that I care
about that are my family
in a demeaning way and you don't stop
and he never stops every week every
video he posts is something new
involving my family members involving me
involving talking about subjects in a
terrible way for the one example is like
the rape thing like how how can you
support how can you even make fun of
that as a human being and you guys know
me I never respond to the hate like I
have more than enough hate to respond to
and I never respond to it because that's
not the way to handle things people
shouldn't be like beefing over the
internet and like going back and forth
and back and forth this isn't about the
hate this isn't about the beef this is
about this kid bryan lee who has this
platform where he promotes negativity
and things to his fans that should not
be allowed to be made fun of or talked
about in that type of way and so for me
it's about stopping that so i start to
watch the video the first thing I
noticed is that Bryan has my post
notifications turned on on his YouTube
channel so Bryan thank you so much for
being a Jake Poehler
there's a new house but they start to
make fun of the team tenth house
whatever ba ba ba ba ba I proceeded to
watch the video I'm sorry I'm like I'm
like baffled he starts to make fun of
suicide and by implying that I should
kill myself or people in the team tent
house should kill themselves and then
I'll rope hitting him down with like the
swirly thing there like a chair
underneath just right around there
somewhere whether he's joking or not he
needs to be called out for these actions
this is unacceptable hundreds of
thousands of families are affected by
suicide every single year it's not
something to joke about
or or even to encourage anyone to do and
the reason why this is so dear to me is
because if you remember less than like
four days ago I made a whole entire vlog
about this bracelet that I'm wearing
about this girl who took her own life
and whose family is completely affected
by it and that the the little sister
can't cope with it has to go to a
hospital just to be able to live her
life and she's a Jake parlor and my
videos inspire her and so the fact that
Brian is sitting there making fun of it
when there's people like that suffering
I just don't get why or how people can
support this kid so I fast-forward
through the video and I'm gonna address
some more points from the video but the
next thing that like really truly
bothered me and is why I'm making this
video is he talks about how Nick and
Tessa are fat and he is body shaming
them he says that if they got into their
elevator that the elevator would break
and this isn't the first time that he is
body shaming Nick or Tessa he continuing
the talks about this and you know the
first couple of times that I heard about
this I was like okay
let it go but it needs to stop like this
kid needs to stop here's a wrecking ball
of negativity and and who knows when he
is going to actually a fanned or deeply
hurt a kid by bullying them
you consistently make fun of girls and
their bodies you're making fun of
something that could be out of someone's
control there are so many people out
there who feel comfortable in their own
body it doesn't matter how big they are
and everyone should feel comfortable on
their own bodies and everyone can look
however the they want and for you to
make fun of somebody for their
attributes that they might not be able
to control is and you need to be stopped
Tessa is one of the most beautiful girls
that I've ever seen you can't sit there
and body shame her like who are you
women should feel so comfortable in
their own bodies and they should be able
to post wearing whatever they want or be
whoever they want or eat as much as they
want and for you to put her in that
corner and to talk to her
like that is messed up and that's why
these two types of things like where
you're bullying people and making the
fun of suicide and you're you're doing
it so nonchalantly who the are you dude
you're setting a terrible example for
every kid who watches your videos and if
you are a Bryan Lee supporter like I
feel sorry for you there is more to the
world out there than bringing people
down and watching them get hurt by it if
that's the kind of comedy that you have
to resort to and that's the type of
videos that you always have to make up
about then in my eyes once again you are
a piece of and Bryan Lee supporters
there is more to the world then dragging
people down and being negative that
won't get you anywhere and he does not
stop he continues to do this on a case
by case basis there is more to the world
and it's not too late to literally join
a positive youtuber and change your
mindset on life positivity makes the
world better that's what I preach on a
day to day basis
not saying become a subscriber to me
although we are the strongest slipping
team on YouTube smash that subscribe
button what I'm saying is you need you
guys need to change your mindset or
you're gonna live your life just being
filled with hatred and the Jake
Pollard's know this I know a ton of Jake
Pollard's I hate to be showing this side
of me and I hate to be responding to
stuff like this but Jake Pollard's we
need to stand up against this all of us
aren't positive we smile we work hard
every single day we create our own
original content we're changing the
world for the better the Jake Pollard's
and I together have raised over a
quarter million of dollars for charity
that's the type of stuff that Brian
should be using his platform for but
instead he uses just to talk and bring
other people down and the guys on a side
note all the proceeds of this video are
going to go to the AFS P which is the
American Foundation for Suicide
Prevention so hopefully we can make a
difference and come back against these
people who think it's okay to make fun
of suicide and if you ever feel alone or
like you're lonely or like there's no
hope for you guys you can call this
number right here and get help I know
you might feel like you're at a low
point in your life but always try to
keep on smiling and work hard and that's
really all you can do and Brian I know
you're watching this so stop hiding
behind your little computer and make a
change be positive change your fan base
you're a talented kid I've met you
before you can make a change for the
better but stop being a piece of and J
polish I apologize ahead of time because
I never respond to hey cuz Brian is my
son
I am his daddy and idubbbz is his mom I
am beating this dead horse into the
grave because this kid needs to be
stopped unless he wants to make a change
I'm all for people making mistakes and
becoming a better person nobody is
perfect but this kid has not changed so
Brian you can hate on me all you want
talk about my house whatever you want to
say but in your video you started
comparing us you started saying that our
house is this your house is that don't
ever compare me to your sorry ass I
bought this house with my own damn money
you're paying rent for one room
within that house you don't even have
enough money to buy a house in
California but going back to my point
earlier that wasn't the team tenth house
because you can't do anything there
besides make content in your room my
backyard has a backyard and once again
you're renting it hold on let me keep
going you made a video about your
Adsense earnings let's check it out so
last month I made a roughly sixty
thousand dollars for one month wow you
made sixty thousand dollars in a month
Brian if I make sixty thousand dollars
in one day I come here to my bed and I
cry myself to sleep as a failure sixty
thousand dollars for me is a bad day and
I know your merch sales aren't if your
awareness March that means you support
all of this negativity and all that bad
stuff which makes you mad cool in my
books I do not stand for that
furthermore my page has three billion
views I've been doing this for one year
you've been a youtuber for like since I
can remember
oh but wait hold on if we add up all the
videos that you've ever made about me it
equals 200 million of your views which
means 20% of your channel is because of
me your biggest video is because of me I
am your dad speaking of 20% if you want
to sign a team 10 so you can become
relevant again I'll be glad I know you
want to join team 10
except I'm taking 40% of your career
because there's a lot of work to do and
while we're on the topic of team 10 it's
crazy how you guys want to copy us and
create your little clout dang when I
have made everyone that is in cloud
gaming I am the owner of cloud game I'm
the CEO of cloud gang I have given all
the clout to clout gang and if you look
at it I think clogging actually spells
low game because why not throw Logan
into the mix Logan and I are your dad's
we gave birth to you
no more idubbbz it's Logan and I call us
daddy from now on please whatever you
address me wait how much time to be out
yeah I'm gonna keep on going Bryan you
don't have a car while I'm out here in
California riding
in cars that spit flames all of the
Lambos that you flex with are rented and
anybody else that is watching this
besides Brian M guys I'm not trying to
brag I don't need to brag people see the
stuff that I have if he wants to play
the compare game like I said I'm going
to put the nail in the coffin because
this kid these two shut and again to
anyone watching this is not how you
handle situations this is a
once-in-a-lifetime rare occasion that
you will see from Jake Paul we are in
two completely different leagues Brian
is a youtuber I am an actor a
businessman a CEO who happens to vlog my
life on a day-to-day basis
I run a multi-million dollar company I'm
a Disney Channel star I've done Fox
movies YouTube Brad movies I have my own
youtube bread show this kid wakes up at
noon every day and can barely put out a
video and Brian I know this is the
reaction you wanted out of me you're so
happy right now call your mom and tell
her that it's your big day tell her to
break out the nicest outfit that she has
and that you're taking you to dinner
because this will make you the most
relevant that you've ever been so
congratulations
it's your big day go and celebrate I am
your dad and treat me as such I know
you're sitting in your room right now
and you're starting to do math and
you're going hey wait today I can buy
another supreme sweatshirt because Jake
made a video about me Wow
now I have videos for five more days and
Brian this is between you and I we don't
need to involve anybody else so tell
your friends Chantelle to leave herself
out of these reaction videos or whenever
you talk about your dad like this
because Chantelle you should retire the
biggest moment of your career was when
you dated Justin Bieber you're
irrelevant now you walk around to all of
these famous Hollywood people's camps
and you try to hang out them just to get
famous which is why you are now with
Brian in his room reacting to a video
that has nothing to do with you and the
Mercedes that you drive around in your
dad bought it for you you
make any money I have way too much
information on anybody and everybody in
this YouTube space and I stay silent
because this is not what YouTube is
about I am all about being positive and
I hate doing this but when you mess with
my friends and you mess with things that
are deep and dear to me
that's when you and guys you know I
avoid it stuff like this all the time I
don't want to do this I don't want to
have to do this I will probably never
talk about these scumbags again and if
you are a Brian fan it is not too late
to become a Jake Palmer to switch to the
good side to change your life around for
the better and to make a positive impact
but enough with the nonsense and I'm
sorry for wasting anybody's time that
did not want to hear that it is time to
create some fire content let's flip and
go maybe okay this year just be careful
with the Funyuns on the new counts but
yo we got our 85-inch whoa I'm down like
I said guys today we're doing some big
Los Angeles business so we gotta go
Los Angeles businesspeople we flip and
killed it I gave some speeches I did
some stuff I dabbed on them haters
it's whatever and now guys I'm a little
bit nervous because I'm on the way to my
ex-girlfriends house yeah basically guys
my ex-girlfriends name is section we
dated like when I was 17 years old so I
was like a while ago I was like right
when I first moved to Los Angeles and
we've stayed in touch ever since she's
like an amazing actor and like I've
always like support her and she supports
me with my stuff but we haven't actually
sat down and talked in like a super long
time and so I thought it would be funny
to link up with her and just like have a
conversation and record it and you guys
can like learn more about her and us and
like what our relationship was and so we
were talking the other day just like
going back and forth texting about like
whatever random stuff that was going on
in our lives and I was like yo let's
link up and she was down and so now we
are about to do this
uh-uh-uh this should be interesting home
to Nathan make me nervous bro a little
bit why are you nervous I'm nervous to
meet the kind of girl that would date
you know your house is like a castle
say hi to Jake Pollard's hi Jake flowers
is it's like a lot a little bit it's
kind of weird it's kind of weird right
yeah so I should have given you a hug
that's my bat this is uncle Nathan nice
to meet you yeah no I thought this would
be like fun a fun segue I don't know
ex-girlfriends Eglin though right yeah
so all right let's go let's go this is a
good start to the conversation do you
remember that Jake Pollard's don't even
know this do you remember like the first
car that I got I like picked you up in
it it was a Mustang though that was like
the dough I thought I was so dough for
having that car
I like rev it up it was like the worst
car in the world it was like I thought
it was pretty cool at the time well
thank you for for supporting me yeah you
taught me how to drive a little bit
I did I tried I tried I asked her the
other day I was like yo you got your
license and she's like yeah I was like
did you hit anything
no you hit something you know I got in a
car accident
I feel like I need to train you again or
something I mean I can drive just like
not very well that's fine what else
not much freakish came out yesterday
yeah I was telling them that you're an
actor
I will actress I'm an actress what is it
a freakish freakish it's a huge yeah I
remember actually when I first got here
like you were telling me like how to be
an actor and like you were like yeah you
have to go to the auditions and do this
and then you would like tell me like
what acting coaches to go to do an
acting class yeah we did you know that
was so awkward I was terrible we didn't
like we mean you weren't very close it
was just uncomfortable yeah yeah it's a
little bit of caramel right now - yeah
just I mean we just got it well disposed
to look both ways do you remember your
um like a calendar like a dry-erase
calendar and you wrote like all of your
goals on it and I remember looking at
like these are insane like I think it'll
do it I thought you did do it
I tried done like all of them yeah I
think I have and your dad is he still
doing a business like he doesn't like
what accounting I kind of he owns like
his own business
I think he like me I think he always
like me no yeah I think he respects you
like he thinks you're really smart which
is like huge for my dad do you parents
like me I mean why wouldn't they I met
your mom or no that's what I'm saying I
don't think you met them a ton I don't
know where we're going by the way okay I
got a question do you have a favorite
memory of when we were together cliff
jumping that was lit that was so much
fun that was lit cliff jumping what spot
was that I was like off the freeway do
you remember yeah we snuck down it was
intense I made you I made you a rebel a
little bit yeah yeah let me do a grocery
store guys we started screaming about
something just like embarrass me because
he thought that like I got oh no I told
ya no you would always get embarrassed
so I was like yo we're gonna break down
this road and I made you gonna go green
and it was embarrassing but help I think
it helped do you remember we would play
a basketball yeah and you always thought
you could beat me that was good I know
but like I'm saying that was intense
oh I should tell him how we met okay so
she was like my first friend in
California yeah yeah remember the first
day my brother and I moved here you are
having a birthday party I met you at my
birthday yeah and it was like the first
LA party that we went to a party whoa we
didn't know like my birthday okay
long story of how we met I was in
Toronto and I had no friends and I went
to a Shawn Mendes concert before like
Shawn Mendes what Shawn Mendes and I met
him in pton do you remember Todd that's
it he was trying to like me and boom and
then Todd introduced me to like Max and
Jerry and then Maxim Jerry came over to
my house yeah you'd really like my
friend Jake oh yeah and then yeah it's
how we exchanged numbers from like Max
and Jerry Max and Jerry shoutout yeah I
can't believe you remembered that I was
like nervous to go to your birthday
party there was literally the first
night I was lived in Los Angeles we like
took a picture and I remember like
mm-hmm I was like oh my gosh she's so
hot oh thanks yeah I was impressed with
your confidence I thought you were like
very confident do I remember our first
date yeah do you remember our first
VidCon VidCon was that a date well the
first time we like hung out as like
liking each other
was it VidCon it was it was funny cool I
don't remember just me fine but after
your birthday party I remember like I
kept on texting you you were like
learning how to sing and like yeah and
then that's when Remy you know yeah you
know Remy then she introduced me to like
my basically like my second friend Los
Angeles whose name was crazy Remy my
ex-girlfriend
Backstreet Boys again I know how to get
you really mad how I always used to say
this anyway there you go hit me I think
she looks like Lindsay Lohan that's
annoying yeah oh no I'm related what
this is like Lindsay Lohan I don't think
so
I'm yeah okay it's not a bad thing
though it was like Lindsay Lohan is very
good-looking
not anymore but like she not anymore
that's not what I'm saying
I thought you would flirt with guys and
that'd be man I mean like you didn't do
it on purpose but like yeah you were
protective why do you think we're still
friends you know is just dope to each
other and like yeah why do you think we
can still be friends
you're like my first boyfriend like a
first guy like so I think it's like we
had a very like sweet innocent
relationship so it's easier
it's like the good old days take me back
to the good old days anything okay okay
all right
I think we should tell him how we broke
up what's yours you tell them when we
broke up I didn't actually think we were
gonna break up cuz I texted him
something like and I'm just not the girl
for you and you really okay cuz I was so
confused I was like okay what do you
mean okay look I thought you would be
like on the way to my house I was like
yo why is she still mad at me right now
I didn't do anything wrong okay
you didn't explain it am i okay I'm
sorry
okay in my head it was like so I'm
explaining it out really I think it's
fine okay well this is awkward
yeah but it's fine at least we're
communicating now about it we were done
Domon in love and now it sounds like I'm
trying to make him you not have friends
what no it's fine like I was cool yeah
that's why we're still friends though
I just what what are you mad at me I'm
mad at you okay we did not communicate
there was such an aggressive text
message was being gothic there was a
dress I was Cosette and I was upset when
I read it and I was just like okay cool
that's our breakup story it was the
worst story yeah it worked out okay yeah
we're so friends yeah you're flippin
killing it you're flippin killed oh you
are no you are no you are yeah
no you did okay sup nation when we work
together I really I really did enjoy it
it was a great it was a great uh yeah
you're a good friend you were my second
girlfriend actually
you're a good second girlfriend
go ahead three so Ron she's home okay
thanks to Taco Bell yeah of course any
time I'll see you later
the Jake ballers love you and yeah and I
was pretty it was yeah cool so text me
or something like that just i'm omegle
or a facebook messenger whatever really
I'm available no one uses that I use
that with Jake callers thank you all so
much for watching
it's still not too late to come to our
concert later two nights we will put in
a ticket link description down below if
you're in Los Angeles you're gonna want
to flip it be there baby cut yourself
some of the hottest we've been marching
that guy seriously though if ever
feeling down in your life don't forget
you can call this number find some help
stay positive to have on them haters and
Jake Pollard's I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's every day
holder's it isn't all new season Oh
merge guys this super fans Waco
backslash take pop get it well yeah can
ya make sure you're subscribed to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
