I have an idea yo yo yo yo yo has
anybody ever seen a Rubik's Cube explode
on a wall I'm sorry Nathan this is your
Rubik's Cube err bro I really feel like
we need to have this Rubik's Cube
explode on a wall move over guys yo this
is gonna be the most epic explosion ever
three two that's a four by four I'm not
that cheap welcome to my life if you're
new here my name is Jake Paul you guys
are the Jake Pollard's and this is the
team ten house
that is the squad guys this is t10 and
you know I kicked them out that's super
awkward yeah that's no seriously we'll
we'll kick them out welcome to our lives
guys put your blog down so I think
you're ready for today's rolling like
this is the tube ten we are the most
dysfunctional family on the internet if
you don't believe us
here's a picture to prove it
super dysfunctional there's a cake hey
is real for real guys like this is the
Mosley YouTube channel on YouTube that
is a verifiable fact like that so much
is about to go on to right now I'm about
to leave somewhere apparently someone's
giving me a gift right now that's I'm
gonna be shocked by I hope that it's
Jake Palmer to go to plan for it out Co
backslash Jake Paul and get yourself a
gift right now but yo let's see what
this gift is we got to talk about some
drama I still can't believe that
yesterday I show up to a park against
five guys by myself and he's still
scared like you know I thought you were
gonna jump out from behind the camera
and like be like I got I love gifts like
misgiving McDonald oh no you're eating
oatmeal I'm trying to lose weight look
at my stomach
oh you got a cameraman - you trying to
popped out of nowhere can we get a
replay on that is it this is a birthday
gift correct yes it's very late
I know what do you remember smart fire
you remember how we came up with that
name yeah the title ya know what what
does that mean you came up with the name
I designed the character all right guys
let's go like this thing is like in
Super Saiyan no so don't think he's just
like I'm finally go coop bring it man
Paul I didn't know what to expect and
this is this is amazing look at how they
live in a Brooklyn what that's Nast hey
hey this is my vlog Channel hey man this
is my vlog Channel they're always like
this always like hey Nathan I got done
look he's better than you guys anyways I
could pick him up in his blue hair yeah
boy I don't know
this is my channel I think we're
forgetting that this is dope like I like
that seriously though this guy could be
like a Goku character to go to the
airport let's go are you ready for our
honeymoon
we're spending Valentine's Day together
I'll think about it
okay I'll be around
hey hey guys okay go
let's go Ross hey buddy Ross with the
prodigal asses he's the most savage
driver that there is on the planet oh
forgot to say goodbye to everyone by
Apollo binder Crumpton by octagon that
nobody will fight me in no charge by
Athena by n Floyd's car by K by Jake I'm
gonna miss you buddy
my store fire by rain bro my Big Jake
Paul and goodbye to the team ten house
oh my gosh I'm so ready you guys are
probably wondering like a couple of
things Jake where you're going what are
you doing there and I'm gonna answer
those questions for you I'm a vlogger
that's what I do you remember a week or
so ago
Erica and I had a contest that said if
you bought a piece of the Valentine's
Day march then there was a chance that
we are gonna come to one of your houses
and so we are on our way to one of you
guys the Jake ballers houses for
Valentine's Day I am ecstatic for that I
don't want to say exactly where we're
going right now but just know that it's
a lit spot it's all lit what speaking of
Valentine's Day Russ have you found a
Valentine yet like bro we've talked
about this last time we're in the car
you haven't you have a girlfriend now oh
we can do
a weekend girl and it's funny because
we're going on this trip guys I'm like
Eric is gonna be my Valentine
is that Gucci then keep going ask you
kind but I was trying to say before
Erica forgot her coat we're gonna be
spending Valentine's Day together and yo
I realize that you were bringing Kelly
he's your videographer and I'm bringing
Nathan and I I figured now just now just
hear me out I figured that you guys
could go on a Valentine's date like you
know like you're our videographer so
it'd be like kind of a cute thing that
would be really what do you guys think
okay okay we'll think about it we'll
work on it we'll talk it over
yo I'm back you know you don't want me
okay okay okay grab your coat we're
leaving oh hey you're sexy oh that's me
so we get to the airport guys um I took
a nap in the car I wake up I walk inside
of the airport right after my nap you
know I was snoozing and all the sudden
out of nowhere comes a paparazzi guys
and they start asking me all of these
questions I'm like half asleep there has
to be questions about Logan about
YouTube about my career if they put it
online or if it's TMZ or whatever I'll
roll the clip for you here's the clip yo
YouTube has treated your brother fair
after all of this you know it's been
pretty crazy feels like a lot
it feels like a lot but I think they I
think they know what's best for their
platform and they like treated us
amazing over the years oh I got
paparazzi I don't know what's going down
but it's from the party baby let's go Oh
were the last ones let's go
we made it to our hotel we are here I
love I'm just saying I'm here like you
know I'm teasing you guys and I'm coming
to one of you tomorrow
you got a piece of the Valentine's
workshop there's a chance I'm coming to
you tomorrow we're coming to you
tomorrow I know but it's chopped liver
kinda no comeback boys girls giving you
attitude suggest just a lot of wait wait
you're never going to win so how is
earlier today I had team ten react to my
confrontation with CSI is a little
brother I just thought the whole thing
was so funny
back to you team ten back to the team
ten house for this quick segment guys
team dinner reacting that's us to
yesterday's confrontation with csi's
little brother now I wanted someone else
to react to this and I had like cheap
ten react to this because I find this
video like so funny so let's let's keep
ten react
I see them oh they're old squad deep
they got five boys am I
they brought five dudes these guys
things already walking away starting
this back to you bro he's got a hand in
the pocket
he's just so scared you can tell by his
body talk walk the walk
it's like bro you got a camera in why
you filming on the g-seven Busey I just
don't get why he comes all the way to a
park at night to like ask me to fight
that's fair oh wow
you know why don't you should he hasn't
it you can tell how shook he is because
he hasn't moved he has been in the same
spot of his hand what's he savor what is
the status all these things we're having
when the gloves are there wait not to
yak we're just afraid it looks like he's
gonna cry
you know we also talked about a wolfies
in the background just like right now
should you tell him to not skip leg day
what's good yeah yeah well I was I just
wanted to say something else to your
outfit it's fire respect
yeah
wait wait wait
did he just get in no condition to fight
he's mad I'm you see wait he met up with
you at a park oh you gave him gloves she
didn't want to find it first and said
fight ksi
there's no dings you're pretty at a
progressive person
I'm guessing Marc Marc Jacobs this is a
lesson for you you can't keep someone a
p-word fast then just like this is
what's wrong with the world I know
everyone feels like they can say
whatever they want no you were good on a
glove angle bro you're good music so it
wasn't a waste of time you want to know
why cuz you can get yourself
this calls on Jack Colton dick goes to
the park and he's like no I need
training I need this and they said oh
you're doing more oh I'm so ashamed that
I'm like you came from my city oh now
you got talking we're not getting over
oh you didn't even give me your March
bro do you not know that even if you
just punch Jake Paul in the face all you
need is one bro it would be like one
punch into relevancy back to you Jake
hey Thank You Jake yo I love these
ironing boards no no someone hotter
switch to the game fans Reiko backslash
to join the everyday bro movement be the
impossible smile today dab on the haters
today and if you're feeling like there's
no hope for you guys in life right now
who wants you to smile put that big old
smile on your face chase your dreams and
I will see y'all tomorrow because it's
everyday it's every day bro cut the
video cut the video join the everyday
bro movement default and calc your self
some of the hottest urged in the game go
right now because the take callers sell
everything out and subscribe button and
join the most lit YouTube channel on
YouTube I'll see you all tomorrow
