hey Erica by the way extra derecho we
have permission hey it's New York why
are you sleeping
busy busy busy busy let's go go you got
it kid you got it you still I love you
we came from angry I'm from Italy yeah
yeah let's go dad I'm not for you dad
hey no I'm not for you let's go home
he's hitting on you Amanda is he okay
I was born like this you're funny dad
okay but seriously don't sleep anymore
okay it's New York the city that never
sleeps come on buddy what are you doing
here you already here first people New
York City the city that never flippin
sleeps and we are here doing it big I'm
with a man it's Ernie catch me oh I got
my red snap back on so you two already
know it's about to be a flippin good day
bro
yo this dog doesn't have a face your dog
has no face how you doing doing well
look it's the cool bus your bus isn't it
cool with this good books this is the
not cool bus I'm going back to school
mom I'm getting my education huncle
Nathan but guys we are here in New York
where the dogs don't have faces where
the buses aren't as cool where the red
snapbacks are looking even sexier than
ever baby and if you new here I'm Jake
Paul and it's lit every single day
another day another dollar put your vlog
belts on kids because it is about to get
flip and lit am i right yeah pretty
question Amanda Cerny were you and my
brother ever a thing now you heard of
here boys guy James II had to put you on
the spot red snapback on uh-huh how are
you right now
like she said they called me JPS I'm
navigating New York you don't need a GPS
when you got JPS I'm here Jake and
Amanda are flipping in New York son what
is going down
and heads you got a gas up you need some
fuel for the day let's hit it
I need that grub up in my belly and
people it is time to get a big New York
flippin bagel baby hit the bagel dance
yeah what's it for T bagel 40 are you an
orange 40
so I get my bagel gotta feel love kids
I'm spreading the cream cheese and then
I look over I see this Panera what this
dude you left a hole in my bagel you
know how important bagels are to me we
made a whole song about you this is how
you treat me
sorry still wearing orange people in New
York have orange everywhere not only is
there a hole in my bagel but now there's
a hole in my heart but I got another one
and there are bagels aren't supposed to
have holes this is a proper but never
bagel size up kids it's game season on
this squad of Jake Pollard's here we're
taking awesome pictures for the gram
right and speaking of the flippin gram
we're in New York City Amanda Cerny is
the queen of the fuckin gram son and so
now we're about to go on a mission in
New York to get the hashtag dopest
Instagram picture that there is you know
because if you didn't Instagram it then
what did you do honey so basically
anything to do with New York we're gonna
make it Instagram picture first one
ready get another one ready got it
nailed it New York we're flipping here
where are the oranges I got one I got
one
hanging with her boy what's your
Instagram what day you doing I'll tag
you go he's probably got a private
account but boy look like a savage damn
ah just doing some New York stuff my boy
this one's so bootiful three two one
Jake in a man in New York we're flipping
killing it I love you
Apollo's not here but we can still do it
earlier oh oh this is the best one yet
yes
telling in New York I mean she is the
queen of Instagram I'm following her I
see one
we're literally conquering New York 3 -
Amanda
3 2 1 today I'm doing it for the gram
it's all about Instagram 3 hey that's my
boy James be careful let's go 3 2 1
and can we talk about the last time that
we are here we got a random fan to ride
a bike into this bond ok one more 3 -
what come on Lyle Nathan bro we got to
do some big New York business right now
model Nathan alright for the IG model
David's got $5 million there's a snake
in the middle of the city
yeah I got $5 ah all right ready 3 2 1
okay you can have him back you're sure
yeah yeah all right let's go tax a video
YouTube yeah these subscribers you got
like four but you're starting out yeah
I'm just getting warmed up this little
circle man I like your personality my
thank you but I'm out here working hard
okay say cheese
everyone in New York is wearing orange
it's an epidemic man
we're going to China I love China say
job
we need to go to 1755 Broadway oh what
the Oh screw it Nathan we're walking
we're gonna be late to our meeting come
on man come on go have it go we got big
business coming manager can manage your
o'clock on the dot speak with a Boston
business no big New York business I'm
telling you we're doing music meetings I
can't wear this oh okay kids we're doing
music meetings because the music is
popping just wait just right we got baby
stuff coming let's hit this stuff so we
did the business meetings you already
flipping no guys and then roaming around
New York we're getting our stuff I'm
kind of missing the new team penthouse I
want to be back home and having fun so
so I asked chance and Anthony to give me
an update on what's going on there and
this is what they sent me we ate all
your Roma bro you know what I'm gonna do
this oh no Tony don't do it to him oh no
oh this is too violent
screw you chance and Anthony huh Oh
right now we are on our way to a place
called barstool sports guys we're about
to do some sports stuff maybe have some
pizza and if you don't know who they are
it's like this really cool funny kind of
bro E brand and they post like a ton of
funny videos as well here's some
examples I'm gonna pitch you here I'm
giving you this I'm gonna run through
all my ideas every time you want to move
to the next one just ring it I like that
go to eat a taco taco tape gift shirts I
haven't gotten the technology down but
you can see the prototype over choked up
when you're trying to hit on a beautiful
woman hey it happens that's why you need
a guy like me around and I want to be
your bald wingman
all doing man is a new service whose
only mission is to make you look good
because everybody knows you always look
better standing next to a bald man here
we have just a normal guy now watch what
happens when I move in and we can do the
same thing for you 24 hours a day
so basically they want to talk to your
boy you know I'm saying do people ever
do this did we just become best friends
yes this is my best friend all right
people so we are in barstool sports
right now look at this they literally
have bar stools and sports lip this is
CEO Dave he's flippin killing the game
but the first thing I noticed when I
come in here every single employee here
no offense is a bro look at all these
bros whoa that's some bro flow are you
from a high up now you should be my boys
got a hockey jersey on hashtag bro and
then we got the cameraman bro I love it
I feel at home look at this bro bro
Saturdays are for the boys in the office
ha ha I am mission guy though so I can't
get too much enjoy most bros can't
handle that he took it look at this
corner this is a bro corner this looks
like chance and Anthony's room I am at
home look at this fish tank push me to
the edge my fish are definitely dead
hashtag bro my boys have a kettleball
next to their water so you can get those
gains at all times so I go into the
freezer what do I see ice cream - tech
bros and i bet you didn't even notice
that I have two snap backs on double the
bro oh you've got to keep your trophy
next to you kids can jam champs can't
Jam jams that's broke this sounds like a
bro thing baseball bat hockey puck you
already know what I'm about to say bro
and in the middle of all these bros
still have my double snap back song is
these nice young ladies what's it like
to work here that's not Dave when I come
into a place man I'm always trying to
make it better I'm trying to get better
every day I'm trying to work hard every
single day I love it and your employees
I think should start to wear mid caps
cuz mid castes are the most bro thing
that there is I think it's just gonna
take your business to the next level you
guys sell me keV socks Jake Paul me keV
socks I already do Lincoln buy up the
pink then we're kind of perfect no
that's even more bro so I'll get them in
here we'll do a fold that is
are they now they're vibin manager Kevin
Sabre I hear I told you is perfect New
York is this well we got to get them we
gotta get him we're wearing your we're
gonna order your electric pace from
Boston yeah every day bro look at this
bro camera man I've never seen so much
bro in a camera man before I love this
place so hire me he's a monster in his
hand there groans OH
probably from Ohio is he from Ohio he
has got a monster I'm trying to game all
my dude
and y'all thought I forgot about the
Instagram pictures I'm about to take the
most bro Instagram picture in New York
watch this ready hosting 3 million likes
all right people so now we are here bro
bro bro bro bro I'm done with that don't
want that back we're muscles me girl one
more Instagram picture 3 2 anyways guys
we have a huge big dilemma it's big we
came all the way to New York we got on a
flippin flight we had to search for
Raphael Amanda bought all of these
clothes for this big moment basically a
company that we flip and invested in
guys what I'm telling you we do big
business I'm not lying but it doesn't
matter because I'm passionate but a
company we invested in it was about to
go public it was about to go public on
the New York Stock Exchange market and
then we were supposed to come here to
ring the New York Stock Exchange Bell
it's a big deal like if you ring the New
York Stock Exchange bell you flip and
made it so we came all the way here but
guys the public offering got moved till
another day I don't even know yeah but
we were getting like all ready for
that's why we bought uncle mitt uncle
Nathan a suit yesterday and now he's a
model and you got a free suit out of it
bro that's a yeah yeah that's cool
so I mean that's dope at least but we
basically came to New York now for no
reason I mean we did some business and
made some dough vlog but I didn't that I
was like really pointless we didn't even
take an actual Instagram picture oh I'm
leaving and one more thing guys sorry
guys I normally don't do this but I
don't have a title and thumbnail for
today so yeah yeah I was thinking like
like Jerrica is over with like us about
to like kiss are you getting this bro
titled thumbnail right here what's this
kids pay attention hey Erica by the way
ya arcosolia texted Erica we have
permission I just thought this would be
a great title and thumbnail okay to
close I will see you all tomorrow but
actually though if you haven't already
joined the strongest team on YouTube
make sure you smash that subscribe
button
yeah March in that game both Android
that code backslash Jake Paul shameless
plug always plug doubles snapback people
in New York are wearing orange I don't
know what what's going down little did
you know yellow and red makes orange
Jerrica is over I can just go okay but
anyways repos I'll see you all tomorrow
because it's everyday bro peace
oh what a weeks Jake Pollard's I will
see y'all tomorrow
word is gonna be extra lit what is
happening what is going down take pause
I'll see you tomorrow because it's every
day
get Pollux get it while you can
and beware all the ghosts the jig get
your Halloween much before the ghosts
key link in the description make sure
your subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow oops
