Oh
morning Jo party people what is going oh
I'm doing my intro leave me alone oh
okay
thank you for subscribing anywho there
is a lot flipping going on people I'm
currently in New York City
I still haven't slept yet it's 9 p.m.
and there was a crazy day yeah yeah hey
I'm foggy okay
okay like I said there's a lot going on
I don't even know what's going on right
now
but I do know that that's my cousin boy
and like I said today was crazy I'm
gonna go end up with a brokedown 69
named Jeff I'm going to narrate this
whole entire day for y'all you got it
I'm gonna be honest with y'all I want to
make sure y'all are smiling I want to
make sure you're dabbing on the flippin
haters I want to make sure you guys are
working hard I want to make sure you
guys are getting better every single day
so strap on your vlog belt luck and just
because it's about to be a roller
coaster ride hallelujah am i right so
like I said guys I didn't I haven't
slept yet since yesterday's vlog last
night had to go to the studio to make
them bangers and I you know I got my boy
Nick prompt it in the flippin studio
England is flipping City oh my gosh roll
the clip I'm still going from yesterday
guys we're in the studio or Nick
Compton's out here spin some horses
skiing it oh yeah oh yeah yeah that was
but seriously guys were in the studio
grind life is so probably not you asleep
tonight we'll see what happens I don't
know and so I got back from the studio
and I didn't want to go to sleep because
I had a flight to New York that we had
to leave for it 5:00 a.m. and there was
already like 3 a.m. so you guys know I
wish y'all know me I didn't want to go
to sleep does anyone wanna hang out
alone
here is anybody else awake I don't want
to go to the airport yeah I'm sorry
you're having to witness this but it's
just - I was having too much fun last
night man I don't know what oh hey yeah
it's me again how you doing but then I
realized someone actually was up and
awake with me well Bob guess it's just
me and you you keep building buddy no
guys I had a breakdown hey y'all I'm
just logging like I don't know I was in
a weird mood I think I might have been a
little bit delirious I didn't know what
was really going now I'm sorry like I
said I don't know what was going down
sorry you're having to witness me like
this but it's just me except me let me
make love to me by
ladies I swear there was something
slippery there I normally don't just
like box normally don't just follow
there's something slippery check out
this movie yo hello gucci mane yeah yeah
I can still smell those but in my
defense I was wearing those flip-flops
all day you don't I'm saying like preach
love you guys then guys I just had a
change in heart you know what I mean
Salah by hey look at things kids right
now I don't have any friends I can make
friends with are you guys Jake Pollard's
do you have the merch do you have the
merch these many friends but then guys I
had a change in our
other things are good now I know what he
meant when that guy was making the song
about how all of his friends are dead
well time to get some real friends you
guys wanna hang out
he has my hangouts use my hangout well
hang out my hangout a hand over here I'm
still here
um hey well hang out hey Pete and yo I
made an important discovery I realized
his everyone was asleep I could do this
I realized that the friend I was looking
for the whole time was there the whole
time and then I had to say bye that's
literally all I said all the good just
blue said bye then we jumped on our
flight a couple hours later land in New
York and we landed in New York I had to
get the most important thing that you
can get when you're doing stuff in life
let me tell you I wouldn't be doing
these hand signals from nothing man
hashtag basic
and then guys we had to find our driver
like we got one of those drivers to
drive us around and stuff and we had to
find him and bacon no I'm not a bacon or
sei no no for Jake Paul no no no
for Jake well do you want some Starbucks
have you seen the one that says Jake
Paul no no if you want Starbucks no okay
what's the name Jake Paul from vine
whose youth core sir but vine vine car
service are you guys Raphael No hey hey
were you waving at me yeah
Raphael fell are you Raphael you sure
you're not Raphael doing like a TV
seller no no I'm I'm just a minor are
any of you Raphael not today damn it
Nathan get on the suitcase we're going
let's go
okay I think I found those are you
Rafael no do I think I found them yeah
are you out by help repel is that you
are you Rafael what does it say Oh Oh
buddy I general four continents to find
you sweet Jesus buddy pal dude I thought
for sure you got hit by a car well you
don't I'm saying yeah I do agree you
come here a lot
yeah yeah cool cool cool every day bro
oh no I del and then it was time to
solve a problem uncle Nathan was it
serious trouble so now we are in the
streets of New York and I know guys were
here and it is going down cuz only Pony
Mamma Mia it's a New York you're walking
here man you're walking
gosh I miss the New Year care am i right
then walk in here and party people you
probably still wondering why we're in
New York and I can't tell you just yet
but it has something to do with some big
New York business
anyhoo because we're doing some big new
your business we basically have to look
sexy guys I'm talking suits I'm talking
the whole nine yards so the other day I
got a suit what Nathan he got flippin
stranded and we forgot to get him a suit
but it's urgent super urgent and so
uncle Nathan is gonna turn into flip and
big business Nathan poor model Nathan or
something like that and also randomly we
found a J koala here on the streets he's
a boy scout you know how to tie knots
I'm trying to tie these knots with the
ladies you know what I mean
you find uh tying knots that made me
nervous but anyways this is money I'm
gonna take this soup from you right now
cuz he needs it you know my name deaf
yeah yeah you too don't don't don't stay
in school too but anyways people were
switching roles right now Nathan you're
the vlogger you would lead us to I'm
gonna be the camera man look at this
what is that it's not meant to be like
this that's why I'm usually tell them
something we're going to get me a suit
right now and we're trying to find hmm
I'm not sure where it is let's find it
that wasn't a free ran deal we're going
to a store yeah no that's not no that's
good dog yeah that's good it's kind of
fun back here I'm gonna let you behind
here he's a vlogger tell the people what
they want to hear nation will be my
other camera skills use my camera skills
girl okay look at that boom look at this
I got this if our you Nathan I just get
rid of me all the time like this sucks
to suck my friend Nathan it's like a
huge blogger like super famous and he
needs a suit talk about the March no
please come back no I don't get help
that's how it is you scare people away
and then you gotta help yourself okay
how are you good hey Nick Jonas what you
picked the soup row this is your vlog
and I'm just recording it this is my
channel please don't fire me by the way
you're doing good so just don't don't
mess up
Danny's more action
he needs to go from an uncle to a model
like that I'm thinking the particle girl
look at that
oh nice are you all Nathan Spicer's
alrighty then you got this I got it okay
we'll be right here oh okay yeah how's
it going buddy
okay I'm just filming everything doing
my job
I'm already rolling all right oh my oh
my oh my gosh no longer uncle Nathan
then your model nation also hi and that
is how you turn into a model kids it's
that easy no you watch I'm just the
cameraman
I got and then guys it was time to prank
Amanda guys this is hilarious she
freaked out it's like a horror movie all
over again
but I want to remind you guys that this
Saturday the 21st I am going to be in
the Inland Empire California you can get
tickets to come watch me perform haunted
houses food everything the whole nine
yards splash Kingdom I will see y'all
there but then it was time to prank a
man to roll the flipping clip
Oh Lawrence was so Amanda Cerny is
staying in this hotel
Amanda's like my sister she's so awesome
best friend wrong but she doesn't know
that I'm here in flippin New York Sun
and we're staying at the same hotel so I
thought I would take advantage of the
situation and do something that I call a
stalker prank I've done this before
we're like you tax people like you
basically are able to see what they're
doing and they start freaking out
and they run over there always ended on
me ever in the team no way bro but this
time we're gonna call her and that I'm a
trained professional
just watch face or aroma our manager
gave me permission to do this and told
me her room number okay doctor
oh it's called the towel drink so you
knock run she opens door slide this in
before close
so now we see I'm going from a partner
yeah hello I like your way rope I like
your white robe stand up don't worry
about it
sit back down make yourself comfortable
you're safe I just want to play a game
I'm everywhere 9 4 3 2 1 zero negative 1
negative 2 don't call them hang up now 5
4 3 2 hang up hang up the only safe
place is your bathroom you're standing
in your door probably posting an
Instagram picture but enough with the
pool you will know me Amanda I know
everything you've done I know all your
secrets I know who you have a crush on
no tell the truth you didn't know is
here the old pal trick your manager told
me what number you are in but then how
did you get in my room and how do you
know teletrac oh there's a camera right
here oh I'm in New York it's like a
horror movie well that's called the
stock prank thingy majiggy you owe me a
couple waters tonight you need okay I'll
buy you dinner let you go good job uncle
Nathan so Jake polish if you haven't
already joined the strongest team on
YouTube smash that subscribe button
we're getting better every single day
2.6 billion views and Counting the Jake
Paul our families out here baby copy
yourself some of them are joined the
family join the movement it's everyday
bro get better every day bro work harder
every day bro smile every day bro
flippin vlog every day bro I don't know
and New York we are here you guys are
gonna see why over the next couple of
days it can be lit I'll see you all
tomorrow cuz it's every day bro peace
jet polish get it while you can and
beware all the ghosts the jig get your
Halloween March the link in the
description make sure you're subscribed
to keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
