but it was like you know but it was by
like what happened what I am about to
narrate this insane a day for y'all it
is nighttime right now but so much
happened today is lit you're gonna want
to see this I hope you're working hard I
hope you're dabbing on the tomatoes I
hope y'all are smiling another crazy day
at the house guys today was one of my
busiest days in a long time and it all
started with flippin work out gotta get
them gained sign I never thought I would
say this oh yeah but the boys are
flipping back this is the first step to
greatness people it's been a while since
we worked out but a new house new me
just like that are you ready let's flip
in hit it boys
that yo anything you do in life starts
with the first day starts with the first
step of your journey whether it's a
dream whether that's your first day of
working out where you want that from a
while back it starts with one day this
is our first day back
it's rapid-fire but we're still getting
it back to you Jake and then squat it
was time to take care of something that
would was not good at all I had to fix
this issue it was hey hey good morning
Jake
paws running running man running man
relevant relevant relevant what the flip
is going down people it was just a
flashback but y'all have your vlog belts
on right now we are at the beauty lounge
Med Spa
the reason we are here is because I got
a pimple on my chin look at that his
name is Gustavo beauty lounge Med Spa
you gonna help me with make me beautiful
so we came here because they're gonna
help me Jamie need help your face
actually looks a lot better than last
time except for that one thing what the
fuck does that mean it doesn't look good
well this is your last day on this damn
earth very little lately
oh I like your Nathan hold my hand hold
my hand
Amy yeah well I'm pretty you're getting
there your water's not looking so good
what my water broke all of that cloud
you see that's dead skin and oil
particles so beautiful though you're on
your way we're not done yet we're gonna
do some manual extractions just manual
extraction Jake you got this okay
thanks uncle Nathan think he actually
went to sleep good then he'll never know
what's going on what what is this Shh
it's Barney we don't say the word burn
it's tingling a lot Jamie it's tingling
haha I feel sexy dude yeah me too three
days I just want to be sexy like is this
mainstream or what like Charlotte Kylie
lip care what do you mean horny sexy man
no we should probably keep working we're
not quite there yet
with the Disney Channel fuck five gnome
on YouTube physics my never done before
I pass all there's a magician man please
next lap in all these chase roll a
beauty's hey maybe for a dollar today
you could save Jake Paul caterpillar
ready to come out and be radical what
are we doing now are these mainstream
one more time
play the music okay I'm ready wait quit
game what is this
raise hand okay what is this raise elbow
what is this race bicep what is this
okay okay Jake
I'm gonna test your prostate I thought
we were doing lasers no we're going
mainstream
and thank you all rightie people
veronica jamie melissa they in is
literally glowing i'm literally glowing
honey I got all my skin stuff booty
lounge beds but I'm officially so sexy
oh my God look at this you're the
sexiest guy no no Jake cue music
I'm beautiful I do what I want oh you
can do it every you want girl
everything's a runway when you this
tight beauty is paying and I we flipped
and killed my skin is literally glowing
alright people and then we went to the
flippin store to get plungers and then
also while we are at the store we picked
up some and spray because we have a huge
out of my face situation so we got these
foot bed plungers guys yeah and let me
explain why so as you guys know chants
and Anthony are literally always pooping
it's an issue you have an issue I poop a
lot and they literally
came into my bathroom as two bathrooms
right i two toilets one and two over
there Bobo they decided to come into my
room to take it what are you doing well
I blamed it all on chance not my idea
but chance was like yo let's go poof in
his bathroom I was like I'm down you're
on the plunger come on anybody oh but
anyways there's literally 12 bathrooms
in the south they could anywhere but
they took a poop in my toilet
both of my toilets and they're both
flippin clogged so I have to plunge them
out boy what's great about the situation
though is that chance got instant
Instant Karma after they proved to my
bathroom they came down to be in the
vlog with me yesterday when chance and
Anthony went flying into the pool chance
smacked Azir in the pool and literally
like he ruptured his eardrum started
bleeding last night and is currently at
Urgent Care so this is a lesson for all
of you yo are you an urgent care right
now no what I just love this that's what
you get for my toilet and clogging it 90
minutes lay down so guys in California
there is a giant and problem the ants
are flipping everywhere supposed to
because we live in the middle of the
woods last night I had a giant battle
with these ants guys they came all the
way up here now in my pillar and that's
not all there's so many ants than not
only in Jake's room they're in my
freezer
they literally crawled into this man's
freezer now it's time to
though before I killed all these ants I
upon this candle that smells really good
besides the way I don't even know I
brought that out
say money got him dude I think so no
more handsome this so we've killed all
the dance guys you know how we do it
damn on and then we were walking out in
the house around the house and I heard
this echo of the baby the baby was
crying or something I don't know what
was going down check it so here's that
right yeah yeah no everything echoes in
this house guys I was downstairs and I
just heard the babies take you not me
kids do you not yet
moving in this is actually the Martinez
twins room China yeah I heard that
actually and I was like yo what's going
on so no I said the Martinez winds are
gonna live here though you are really
cute yeah oh I know they can just move
in with us if you want to move in just
come with me bro are you gonna show him
something okay I'm gonna take him
somewhere really fast yeah I'm gonna
show something hey hey how's your ear
I'm just showing Kyle or something
really fast Hey
whoa dude this is cool yeah so if you're
in a move-in you could just like use the
floor whenever you are outta here you
know why never wear a Disney shirt in my
house can't do it sorry because you lost
your job Jill I didn't lose my job they
lost me pretty sad but guys then I had
to take care of some big business stuff
you know business also grew Sal was
still kind of here but it's gonna heal I
think I don't know hey car hey Tesla
what's up but then guys it was time for
the main event of the evening Nick this
is one of the funniest things that has
gone down like is a reaction oh my god
it's time to break Nikolas the team Ann
Compton we have an elevator in our house
why not put it to a test I'm not
flipping right here's what we're gonna
do I'm gonna tell the Nick for the vlog
we're seeing what is faster the stairs
or the elevator to get to the top Nick
what is gonna ride in the elevator
I'm gonna run up the stairs when Nick
doors in the elevator
we're gonna turn the power off to the
elevator but what Nick doesn't know is
that we turn the power off we're gonna
make him think that he's trapped inside
and then we'll get his reaction from
there let's set it up boys I call this
one elevator death powered $10,000 prank
all right so we have this hidden camera
set up in the corner Nick is gonna think
it's for a vlog so that's why he won't
be scarce not that there's a camera here
could I use your no vlog really fast
like I want to see how fast like the I
can climb up the stairs versus the
elevator I just like just like the
elevator right of course I'll take it
I'm sorry Nick I'm sorry so basically
you're going all right ready yeah I'm
gonna yell to you and then I'm gonna 5 4
3 2 1 go and you go to the top already 5
4 3 2 1 God he's clearly gonna win this
is so slow
trick I'm stuck in the elevator what why
you stuck in the elevator the lights
have gone out are you joking
why would the joking why are you
laughing it's fun here little no it
isn't no serious are you joking no can
you call someone to do the cold call
chance or Anthony pull the red line
doesn't make a belt out pull press the
button there you go you gotta keep
hitting me
let me there you go that's a no-no you
gotta hit it again that's to let you
know that I'm so one more time now it
doesn't do anything no hitting it we
don't know where you're at no we're
gonna call the cops I mean the fire
department okay we'll call someone okay
I'm going I'm calling I'm fine this is
my worst nightmare
why would you put me in a list and a
lift I'm probably ninety one before no
I'm already calling them right now don't
call it and I'm calling them right now
I'm also calling we can we just
oh I'm calling them right now you gotta
remain calm bro don't worry at least you
got light don't worry about it no no I'm
a flashlight y'all try opening that door
can you open the white thing no it's a
nick try not to breathe so much because
you're gonna use up the air seriously
should know don't panic though
mid you have to remain calm bro you're
stressing out right now
no bear bears gonna call 9-1-1 hold on
make I got you yeah I'm a FaceTime you
in the meantime no because I will be
able to see oh no no no don't pause me
bro I'm not doing anything I'm calling
9-1-1 yo we're calling I don't want hold
on put your light back on
hey 9-1-1 you see if there's an elevator
vault okay okay and they live in a wall
an elevator vault I'm gonna come and get
you I'm gonna call nine one where you
will go
you did not just leave me here
ya need like a fire engine I'm stuck in
an elevator and I don't know how to call
because it's our old elevator and I
can't call myself to do anyway no you
need to I don't even know my own address
because I moved in oh there's nothing I
can do
I'm not British people three dollars
please yeah yeah Nick Nick calm down bro
breathe Lucian new fathers reason
Nicholas Lisbon no no we're trying to
figure out a solution next yes I'm here
Nick Nick Nick Nick are you there still
how can these blue homework Nick are you
there yes obviously I'm here
what else would I be Jake I think we
found it you found it you know you're
found no you haven't found it jack
who's your daddy what do you lose my
daddy who's your daddy why won't you
answer my question right now oh my god
your new role we found out how to do it
I've just been stoking this smoothly
yeah it's crazy because like we turned
the power off to it but it was bad like
you know but it was by like what but
yeah it happened
what do you mean have you got Frank yeah
because it lifts you to the next wall
thank you all so much for watching and
remember guys Inland Empire California I
will see all this flippin Saturday
performances haunted houses it's going
to be absolutely it's at Splash Kingdom
zombie Empire what link is in the
description get your tickets while you
can and if you haven't already join the
strongest team on YouTube 2.6 billion
views and Counting smash that subscribe
button right now and haha
as always concepts on how Smurfs in the
flipping game but I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's every day
Jade Pollock get it while you can and
beware all the ghosts the jig get your
Halloween March or the link in the
description make sure you're subscribe
to keep up with my life on the daily
basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
