calm down
good morning Jake Pollard's was flipping
coochie y'all you already know I got
that red snapback on I'm flipping
killing the game as much as I possibly
can on this lovely flipping morning well
my friends are so supportive of me every
day bro anyways cut the red snap back on
chillin the flipping game bro mom I am
so excited because it is another day in
the new team ten house got yo know what
yo guys I'm trying to log dude what is
this yo uncle Nathan what's going on
dude I really don't know oh my gosh
yo I don't know what just happened the
way that are you good dude yeah yeah I
was just trying to do my intro now we're
here take Polish I'm so surprised about
that huh anyways new house new me we got
the waterfall working oh my god just
listen no but party people
y'all are locked in put your vlog belts
on because it's about to get lit a lot
going on today per flippin usual red
snapbacks in there thing right the vlog
belts are on and hugs amazing back up
right back up bro back to flip off
practice makes perfect
yeah we got a big squad here today I'm
doggin NIC around nobody no no minimum
minimum to qabil everyone is here I
don't know why
put that back flip flip it got me going
I'm feeling hi I'm trying to dive into
the food
for the video still got that read step
back on dos shake it off it's alright
boy did you like that like oh god I'm
dirty let's send it again are you silly
well there's a lot going on under state
hoodies anyways part of people like
flippin said it's lit every single thing
I don't even know if I said that kazoo
they messed up my intro but I'm Jake
Paul you guys are the Jake polish and
it's lit every single day bro welcome to
my flippin light y'all got your vlog
belts on like we talked about earlier
let's get this thing flippin going BRB
hey we are back guys and change the mood
a little bit but I'm just being real
with you guys
and this is a vlog and a lot of stuff
happens in our lives sometimes is it on
camera and this is like one of those
moments
so basically last night Anthony and I we
were at the store I was like playing
with Apollo
I like recorded this like little
Instagram video Jake what are you doing
we were kind of just chilling like
hanging out finish the vlog like
whatever was going on buying stuff for
the new house this girl it comes up and
like starts playing with Apollo it was a
mom and then she says to me she says my
daughter says that you're like somebody
it's something with ten yeah she was
like you're something you guys are
something to do with ten and I was like
yeah like two 14 10 like hey what's up
like hi how you doing nice to meet you
and then like the whole mood yeah
there's like changed and she goes I know
this is probably weird for me to tell
you this but tomorrow will be one a year
from the day my daughter passed away and
and I didn't I didn't really know like
what to say I was like god I'm so sorry
to hear that
I mean someone tells you yeah it's like
caught off guard and but then she
proceeded to say that her younger
daughter was really hurt by and yeah has
like posh manic stress syndrome from
that and was like getting counseling and
like therapy and stuff for her she's in
there right now to basically be able to
cope with her older sister passing away
and my heart was like my heart was
broken I was like that's in time yeah
her name is Ashley and she said that her
daughter Ashley like watches our videos
to like cheer up and help like make her
feel better
and basically she asked me to make a
video for Ashley so I made her a video
today I said Ashley like hang in there
I'm so sorry
for these times that you're going
through and to stay positive and to keep
on smiling which is something I talk
about all the time I think this kind of
shows and makes everything the kind of
come full circle and makes me happy that
I'm able to be positive and hopefully
make other people smile or encourage
them to smile or just to stay positive
about everything in life because you
never know what life is gonna throw at
you I mean everyone has their own issues
everyone has their own problems and
stresses that they that they deal with
but I made this video and the mom like
just jump the Jumblies and like hug me
and like it got like super emotional she
was like relieved like that I made this
video for her daughter and she goes
thank you so much like that meant so
much to me I like work
full-time and have a whole family to
support I'm going through a lot right
now these times are tough and like a
little bit it's one year tomorrow of my
daughter to my everybody Paulo was there
too and that one year mark it is is
today and she goes I want you to have
this and gives me this this wristband
you said like you would have loved my
daughter and so I put this wristband on
and I've been wearing it feel like the
past day it has her daughter's name on
it Paige I did the math on how old she
was I asked her mom how old her daughter
was when she passed away and she said 21
it really like hit me that I'm how crazy
this life is that we live in and how you
truly have to be the happiest you can be
every day and she goes my daughter was a
singer and you should check out her
music it's on iTunes and so a couple
hours later again this is like off the
vlog I went on iTunes I just like
started playing one of her songs and the
title of it was there's no time to waste
it's crazy to me because it's basically
the same thing as I live in your life to
the fullest and becoming better every
day
it's like there's no time to waste like
act now live your life to the fullest
Annette now and so I played the song and
it was a like honestly truly one of the
most beautiful songs I've heard Anthony
started recording me sitting it down
while I was playing ping pong and just
listened he played it back like he
played it over and over like 10 times I
was wearing her this wristband which
says page on it and I was playing her
music and I literally felt like she was
like there with us and like it all of a
sudden hit me that like this mom is
going through so much their daughter
who's a Jay Paul or Ashley is going
through so much and it kind of all just
hit me
I wanted to help I want I still want to
help I tried to reach out to the mom on
Facebook but if anyone knows
Ashley Buxton or anyone in that family
please reach out to them and tell them I
got wanted me Ashley I want to help in
any way that I possibly can and most
importantly I want everyone to hear my
girl Paige's songs because they're
amazing I wish I could meet her and
match the beautiful voice and to a
beautiful personality I'm sure and I'll
put the iTunes link to the song so you
guys can listen to it too but again live
life to your fullest every single day
there's no time to waste and if you're a
Jake Paul are out there that's that's
coping with some Athena or whatever it
is stay positive keep smiling and good
this and hope and everything will come
to you these are the vlogs and this is
part of our lives and these are the
things that I want to be able to share
with you and just put out there to the
world so that when I'm older I can
remember this day a moment and page up
just rest in peace
it was your first time swimming today
whether you did good - Jake polish squad
I want to bring the energy back up I
want to bring the vibes back up yes I
want to have fun we have something
planned for y'all all right flip in now
it may involve $5,000 let's okay on the
line we got Christian we got Tristan we
got James Anthony ray Justin and we are
gonna play a $5,000 game of hide and
seek the last person to be found is
going to win $5,000 and the loser has to
get pushed down the stairs in this box
basically the losers the first person to
get found
I'm gonna try and find everyone the game
starts in five four five twenty three
twenty four twenty seven twenty eight 69
70 ready or not here I not the one
someone it's clear okay
he's done counting he's coming
okay guys I'm with the movie theater the
bottom of the house basement I'm trapped
it's go time baby Jensen Anthony
what I just found Justin I just don't
even want to go outside your mom said
that also yes you pushed down the stairs
in the box also I forgot to mention its
hide-and-seek tag
oh goodness
haha that's exact oh how good was the
spot oh I was scared wait terrible spot
let's go
I'm gonna follow Jake cuz if nah movie
boards just some terrible suits
I feel like I'm searching for my dignity
there's nowhere to find
someone
I was hiding in the merge track which
reminds me that there's only four days
left to get the Halloween March our fans
are not Kovacs that Jake Papa now Apollo
you took the elevator up no no go go go
upstairs upstairs that's a good that was
good
if someone's up there in their colony
because I'm not going up there
we smell you do you wanna play
oh my god bro are you scared no you
didn't win oh we mean any quick visit
what are you doing back here
nothing nothing actually
here hi I know you're in there
old st. Nick I got tea I have crumpets I
smell
this was a dose it was it was good yeah
hiding behind the merch is always a good
thing
leave the vial only three days left to
buy the Halloween merchants yeah you one
bro it's not it's not that serious but
you want Alabama yes I want according to
logic you know where it is I'm even the
$5,000 the neck if you don't come out
reporting live I'm in the elevator folks
I am on the brink of the second floor
they cannot touch me they cannot stop me
we'll deal with Justin guests get in the
bus just I'll just go in the box yeah
congratulations you won $5,000 and it's
again shut up no no I believed it out
come on
can you just say here we go one time for
me here we go
no that's not the move top of your head
hope he's got health insurance you want
to go again yeah here we go
we'll put you in elevator okay Justin
Justin yo yo it's a fire drop that's a
big drop guys just one more here we go I
just get pleasure out of it here we go
oh are you sure you want to do this
Justin yes I thought you just I mean
Jake how about you just kick
to the truck get down your debt to the
truck I'm getting in the truck yeah
we're gonna run them over over let's go
run them up run his ass over on this
fresh meat overhead ah yeah everyone's
okay with more speed means it's over
faster oh my god next week anywho that
is it for today's vlog if you aren't
already a part of the strongest family
on YouTube make sure you smash that
subscribe button
family you know again get better every
single day guys let's keep Paige Ashley
and their mom in our prayers I'm gonna
do whatever I can to help them and I
will see y'all tomorrow because it's
every day broke peace
J Pollock get it while you can
and beware all the ghosts the jig get
your Halloween mark before the ghost a
link in the description make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
