what's your now party people what I was
trying to say right now and I want to
shut this down hold on back up back up
what though we implemented a no-shoe
rule in the house so chance Anthony and
I got these flip-flops they're Gucci we
made it so that we could walk around the
house and act at the floor is dirty new
house newly then but Nick was like I'm
gonna just get these pussies you're like
the Wi-Fi guy our Wi-Fi routers over
there it's called being smart boy the
Brits man what you got in your teammate
you're angry anyways Jake polish what is
going on if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul this is the new team town house and
it is lit every single day Brad peace
know what the party might you need the
Wi-Fi
I'll throw my cut out oh it's bleeding
you know this is all your girlfriend's
fault you see this anyways there's a lot
going on party people and when I say a
lot I mean a lot let me get y'all hot up
to speed because a lot happened this
morning that y'all haven't seen yes we
move into this new house still no front
of church but you still got to eat your
cereal kids okay Jake what what are you
doing
sorry dining room table that's the floor
you're the floor you got me what are you
recording stop recording my butt and
then and then guys I woke up chanting
I know what this pizzas actually dank
though scrooch Anthony guys anyways this
house is so big I started to find stuff
and I didn't even know existed like
sprinting like holes and tricks and
bounce are you back he's walking her to
the car Wow whit I go watch a dota may I
gotten respond to her because I don't
even know what it means prove it roll
the clip
roll the clip of him thinking that when
he's 12 years old roll the clip no no no
anyways I started to find stuff but I
didn't even know existed in this damn
house nice findings everyday that I
didn't even know existed in this house
new items of merchandise new house new
me and new discoveries every single day
we legit have a language look at this we
have to lime trees oh hey Jake what are
you doing plucking limes out of my
garden
it might Adam and Eve oh my god
I don't think it's ready oh and guys I
found some mother - look at this we have
a rose garden look at this whole entire
rose garden I mean come on it doesn't
get better than that when you got limes
when you got roses I'm gonna go pick one
and give it to Erika Erika
but seriously guys we have pink roses
yellow roses I mean check this out guys
I think it's a fucking orange dude we're
growing oranges uncle Nathan dude yeah
Kristen what the are you doing
I can see you behind the tree damn it I
can see him right you can see him yeah
he's right there
sure buddy oh there's only one left I
don't know what he's doing man you can
come out from the tree now this is a big
house big house big new house no me I'm
crying
also this house has me on some flippin
sprinting vibes there's just so much
area to sprint I just want to run
everywhere no I don't have any you know
in chase everyone's oranges no I'm
coming up there
this house is magical anyways we've open
Lau's Christian and the magical things
did you just say I'm not even smarter
than a 5th grader yeah that's it Justin
are you smarter than a 5th grader
I'm definitely smarter we should play
are you smarter than a fifth grader I
dropped out of high school
you guys are like dumb I never and
you're actually like you're in ninth
grade where are your parents by the way
do you have parents no I'm actually the
first person to not have parents do you
even go to school no no well we should
play are you smarter than a 5th grader
I'm dumb not really but I guess that you
know I'm gonna be in the block really it
supplies go
go go go go go go go go all this applies
Nick what are those is this coming every
single time and now it's time for are
you smarter than a fifth grader and you
bet your ass I'm underpaid with
contestants Anthony's you're here
and our fifth grader Justin tonight is a
team tenth edition
um are you smarter than a 5th grader
where these Cowboys and myself will
determine whether we are smarter than
fifth graders thank you for coming up
the idea Justin and I want to thank
everybody in the audience let's give a
big round of applause for our contestant
tonight thank you so now quick
disclaimer these guys are actually
actually trying to answer the questions
and this is all real
yeah so without any further ado let's
get started the winner of this contest
including y'all gets a YouTube channel
plug the dick polish go to your channel
and subscribe know now to get an answer
on both our fifth grader and our
contestant have to get it wrong you
should try and win for us do you not
know what game shows don't bear see now
is the answer right and our contestants
the boys get it wrong then you're our
host what what did you say you're me
what did you say
anyways either thank you once again
everybody our first question
without any further ado who was the 16th
President of the United States of
America contestants write your answers
down
Oh what do we have here are you smarter
than a 5th contestants please reveal
your answers
troll in an L with a hat that is Abraham
Lincoln Sir Anthony trio you are not
smarter than a 5th grader
tell me up it's smart I am pleased well
audience let's hope our next contestant
doesn't have anger problems next up
coming straight from England Nicholas
the tea
okay with this footsies on and the same
outfit as yesterday it's time to see if
he is smarter than a fifth grader now
this next question people was requested
by our viewers at home thank you all so
much
don't forget the march link is in the
bio seriously get the merchant please
honestly Phandroid Kobach / Jake Paul
shameless plug so 5th grader
needless is England a city
contestants reveal your answers yes we
have a yellow fountain we have a yes
from freshmen and people the correct
answer is yes good job you've made it to
the second round
fun fact at home for you guys England is
a city in Arkansas check it out
congratulations you've made it to round
2 and our round 2 question is what is
the capital of Ohio contestants please
write down your answers
what are they putting in your team in I
don't know man
contestants please reveal your answers
our fifth grader says Cleveland Nick and
now moving forward thank you all for
tuning in I am so sorry and I apologize
for boy contestants but now all the way
from Canada please welcome Kristin the
hammaker del Rosso
thank you thank you and thank you
audience we have a real tough question
now Christiane here was an honor student
and so we're going to challenge him as
much as you possibly can even run of
applause for Justin though he's doing
great
the pressure is on people the pressure
is on how much wood could a woodchuck
chuck if a woodchuck could chuck your
fuckin contestants
how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if
a woodchuck could chuck wood please
write down your answers
I know you know what I mean audience
apparently is not this is great
the freshmen / fifth grader has his
answer
they can't chuck in a wood ladies and
gentlemen as you can see here on this
show you with the real raw reactions the
hammaker operated from the hand maker
always the hammock it's my knee down his
head sir
the Canadian is in his prime
making his hand he seems to be
struggling okay
okay and your answers must be in in five
four three two one that was a tough one
please reveal your answers they can't
Chuck no wood the freshman says I can't
Chuck know would have maker says blue
ladies and gentlemen the correct answer
is a woodchuck cannot chuck
thank you party people we're just
getting started here tonight and now it
is time for our next contestant of
evening hailing from the drink o h io
add fresh off of a breakup /
relationship chance
frosty Sun chance yo dude wake up bro
don't disrespect our show what show and
now a question once again from our
viewers called in we go and this one is
gonna put a lot of heat on our two
contestants chesa or challenge please
write down your answers
our Ice Age swirl seems to be struggling
with his answer your votes are final
your votes are in
contestants please reveal your answers
fresh sis chesa mr. Sun says where
they're moving its food okay contestants
audience thank you all so much for your
patience the correct answer is chess
please Bekasi y'all saw here first
nobody from team can is smarter than a
fifth grader you are the winner you just
mentioned everybody goes to drive to his
channel viewers at home let's give our
contestants one more round of applause
it's a spin are you smarter than a 5th
grader
cut please yo I can't wait to learn all
of the stuff in there I joke scares
everyone , flip down yo if you haven't
already joined the strongest team on
YouTube what are you doing guys smash
that subscribe button right now but come
at Jake parlor get better every single
day smile every single deck work so hard
every single day trace your dreams kids
stay positive beat and Apollo be a god
yeah top the flippin hottest merch in
the game are like my girl Charlotte
Hagen did Charlotte Hagen
congratulations you are the winner of
the Halloween Contest I'm choosing you
to come here to Los Angeles and spend
Halloween which employ a deep dip so
Charlotte check your dm's it's about to
be flippin lit and it's not too late for
y'all to get your Halloween March I mean
look at it baby it's so flippin damn fly
yeah another day at the new team 10th
house still no we wanted to be perfect
guys we wanted to really be perfect like
whatever we're flipping doing we wanted
to be sexy we're living here maybe
forever
my name's Jeff yeah we still have to
hang the old team tonight and I will see
y'all tomorrow because every day
J Pollock get it while you can and
beware all the ghosts the jig get your
Halloween March or the link in the
description make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
