we're in chants of Anthony's part of the
house chances in there was his
girlfriend and we're moving in so right
now they're just temporarily sleeping on
air mattresses but I just so we get Tony
yeah we just cut your air mattress the
only new best we have such a big house
why should my MA he's got a point okay I
think I am starting to like her if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul y'all are
the Jake Pollard's or family we're a
team I help you make me make you look
better baby whoa but seriously you guys
put on your vlog belts y'all are
strapped in welcome to our flippin life
where it's lit everything walking in my
life where it's lit every single day
brah it's another day and our brand-new
flipping house oh my god it's still
empty we're still trying to move in we
have accomplished nothing we're trying
to build zip lines we're trying to build
tree houses we're trying to build foam
pits we're trying to build everything
they're flipping is in the world you
know what I'm saying
yeah shave your nips shave your nose we
leave now we're gonna whole family down
there I'm sorry it's like it's a bumpy
road to death and without any further
ado your vlog belts around let's flip in
do that
time to start this proofing day off guys
and I say good morning to a Paula
Jake Potter is no secret flimsy but
Drake has this flippin lyric it goes how
so big I haven't seen them boys in two
days something like that so big I have a
scene in poison yeah oh that is the most
true flippin lyric ever ago and guys the
reason why I know it's true is because
Nicky lives here he might have gone back
to England like I literally haven't even
seen him in two days I'm worried I
haven't seen you in two days bro where
are you I didn't see you the hunt for
Nick continues guys what seriously we
need more people you went back to
England but you know what we need to do
right now right
do you know I know no you don't know
you're the only one that doesn't know
let's go come on and good morning party
people it's a five and good morning Bob
one of these days he's gonna build it
all Shan theny with the champion logos
he copyrighted maybe not champion anyone
who works there anyone who goes there
please sue my friends you won't they're
still not the guys were the Sprinter
vans the orange mobile versa new house
new me new dances Oh new transition
shots
anyways guys we gotta flip and go run in
a little bit behind hit it I'm a bunny
we just got done flipping eating yeah
delicious and now we have a couple of
problems here number one we don't have
any furniture in the house number two we
have to upload a YouTube video there's
no Wi-Fi in our house and none of these
stores around here have Wi-Fi so Nathan
you're gonna need to take this YouTube
video get in our friend caps Mercedes
it's not that creepy you go to his mom's
house and you upload that damn YouTube
video okay Nathan alright doing it the
third and fourth problem is that I have
a meeting in five minutes about building
a studio in the house then right after
that which is supposed to be in 15
minutes I have to fill a part of a music
video back foot pole I'm back look the
damn computer get in caps car you upload
the video hey what are you doing I'm
gonna do a meeting and the music videos
go we have to go people
all right so we're down here in the
basement now I made it to my meeting I
was a little bit late sorry Ryan that's
my bad
no we're trying to figure out where the
studio should go we're thinking like a
thingy majiggy buddy butter with the
mixer here they make no bunny oh we're
trying to put a studio in but but I
think the mic is gonna go back here
ready test its every day bro always fire
let's check in on Nathan a chance and
Anthony hopefully there even stuff done
man I don't know what's going on chance
Anthony Mason what's going on people
to shoot a music video come on people
for dr. o you're shooting this music
video baby I got my music video outfit
on new house a new me
we got the professional cameras the Reds
the Blues the pink swab the statue is in
the shot he's looking sexy as ever baby
and if you see this here the nipple vape
car is back sign your car yeah you
usually have to flick my nips a lot to
get in that home peeve invade bro oh
people back in my regular clothes that
marks the Halloween more did you get it
yeah I don't know there's only 24 hours
flippin left for y'all to enter the
contest to get flown out to Los Angeles
to spend Halloween with me please sue
him wait how is the furniture shopping
going we also put up nathan is back look
at him Nathan's back did you upload it
yes Ron he's always showing up
everywhere sign no guys what chance and
Anthony and the rest of the people at
the new team 10th house don't know is
that I'm about to prank them i'ma call
electric toilet seat prank roll the clip
so we're at the auto store right but now
they have all of these flippin car
batteries I'm talking higher voltage
because we're gonna play a prank on the
new team 10 house guys they're
vulnerable they don't know how the
flipping house works they don't know who
to trust
I'm gonna hook up wires to the toilet
seat to make it electric what's up man
battery and electric you some people's
toilet seats
yo it's about to go down she came up to
me and was like y'all I'm going to see
I'm just trying to get those IG
followers up you don't say all right so
I can have security come ask for CJ's
out work shaking my lip like and
subscribe
my boat GPS you are
let's go back to the house and prank
everyone electricity I'm gonna put the
battery behind the toilet so it looks
like a trash can almost everyone right
now is in the guest suite I really want
to get chances this is live I've been
had a hidden camera in here now
Oh
Oh yummy chance
yeah
turn the camera over to the camera I
wish so bad I had this on know-how so
big I haven't seen the boys in two days
but I thought all right we want to get
Janssen his girlfriend right I'm over
the battery station up into their
bathroom nice garage Lambo coming soon
the place is a little messy but come on
sorry again
so G who's taking pictures for Instagram
sorry I blog no no just pictures apology
and I follow him on Instagram let me
give this broader tax pie
oh all right I'm down
that's what you get for taking money
just right
what what what welcome to team Janos
thumbs up it's another what Frank words
I mean it's Frank words in your brain
with what Chandler you're coming back
this week you heard it first Anthony you
can't be back at you or never there
anyway
Jake ballers if you haven't joined the
strong family on YouTube smashed up
inside boy we got honey buns for days
you want a honey bunny he'll like it
subscribe Oh calm yourself the hottest
march in the game join the family it's
all about working hard every day getting
better every day
love you guys merch link is in the
flippin bio get it while you can
Inland Empire I will see you October
22nd same boy we saw so much progress to
make new house new me and I will see
y'all tomorrow because it's everyday
Brad Jake Paula get it while you can
and beware of the ghost the jig get you
a Halloween much link in the description
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
