yeah I'm looking at this dead ashy one
match any of your numbers to any of the
eight winning numbers or the follow me
number five million
japanese anybody you just call them why
did you tell me now my March is when I
listen you could have told me who saw me
running I just figured you saw the pool
yeah I guess that doesn't make me the
first person ever from the new teams
head pool though what seriously all my
friends yeah where are you bro where's
your room
Jake Jake you can't go in the house
soaking wet it's brand new
what do you mean you don't want to get
it dirty or like white or anything
you're right oh oh my cut bro
God oh I'm doing good over here go don't
like bro hot look it don't much keep the
camera above
oh it's a long story
oh it's crazy Oh screaming it's that
going I don't know where you were oh
well good morning
let the boys live he's actually native
anywho Jake Pollard's we have a lot
going on there guys can you please give
me some privacy Jesus thank you
house is too big for finding friends but
house is too big to find your friends
but still no privacy I mean what does
this hate you you you naked in the
living room uncle Nathan please just let
me have a moment man okay speaking of
being naked I'm gonna get dressed three
two
well yeah that's just not holy anything
can you undo that so I can get part of
what I was doing
boy it's an English takeover Paolo we
flipper made it yo Justin's about to
send it though yeah we have a busy day
ahead of us I would look at the time but
but my Rolex is broken in mini Jake Paul
yeah and guys are yesterday during
Apollo Lori to your kid but during the
house tour yesterday the house is so big
I have to call my flipping homie but
during the house tour yesterday I forgot
this show you have to be my prom date
okay guys if the dogs never attacking
you like he is right now all you have to
do is run away like this
and we're here look at this this is the
very top of the house you can kind of
see like how big it is or whatever but
yeah this within view roof parties it's
about to go down up here where's the
pool I'm trying to zipline it oh yeah
this is the one right into her oh I like
but guys we seriously have to go I know
we always say we have to go because we
always do have to go but right now we've
really got to go come on now we have to
wait for the elevator first world
problems oh my gosh Becky the elevator
in my house takes so long to get up
there it's like I could have a baby
before that thing comes out here yeah
get up there girl
I don't know how to get there but I
honestly am sick and tired of walking
around this like house like no joke the
elevators here let's go but honestly I
am sick and tired of walking around this
house like not even a joke that probably
sounds arrogant but my feets he's
actually hurt like I said yesterday it's
a mega mansion what are you gonna do
alright guys but actually we really do
have to go is everyone ready
yeah good to go can we get some doozy
Azzam
thank you Bob two things guess who's
back yeah six Tacoma the sexiest to comb
in the game and Bob is back we're gonna
go for a second you keep building buddy
don't ever stop building chase your
dreams kids we made it anywhoo
bumblebees turkey sausage honda civic
chicken patties no more Sun causing Oh
guys we are now here and we have to turn
this mega mansion into a mega fun pit so
we need furniture we need zipline we
need dog food okay
it's okay I want to get the dopers
furniture in the damn world you know I'm
interested yeah I like your jean jacket
too you look great thank you I'm
seriously serious about getting the
dumbest predator in the world let's go
we're not even in the furniture store
yes but it's already popping look at
this following I want it my bathroom
outside no guys it's like day six of my
cut and like I'm actually thinking it's
getting infected I don't know what's
going on with it
I'm flipping Kos re just a vlogger Jake
Paul channel like and subscribe
but here's the thing guys since we live
in the middle of nowhere and we just
moved in there's no food at our house so
we basically go like up until like the
middle of the day without flipping
eating with that but you can't go
furniture shopping without food it's all
the apps food cruncher and fun so uh
you're boiling food food furniture fun
yeah but seriously guys were furniture
shopping I literally have no idea what's
going on I don't know how to pair things
with we're what goes where how does it
look at us we're from Ohio how are you
supposed to decorate a house no but this
is it's the UK flag we have to get this
house bro he needs it we have to buy
Nick this couch right now
$6,000 crap sorry you're not getting it
the table has sticks in it bro it's only
$7,000 okay come on we're just friends
you're shopping throw sand nudes and
Nick Crumpton gets a matching chair just
sit behind his desk like this I'm moving
my tree kangaroos my oh hey Ron I found
this piece of wood it came in from the
lake here's what we're gonna do what
Harold tell me we're gonna stick it on a
piece of metal
put it in a furniture store oh and then
at this 10,000 dollar table when people
are texting and they put their phones
down their phones go through the table
but it's okay because it has a Jake Paul
phone case on goodbye oh it didn't crack
Ron let's make a statue of a poodle
we'll sell it for 3 grand
so we didn't find anything at this place
guys we flippin suck in front of your
shopping I lost Apollo I lost Anthony I
lost Tristan I lost chance I don't even
know what's going on or how is just yeah
where were you what I was just taking
what for real guys like our house is
empty I'm glad we got nothing
accomplished great I also went swimming
though dude it's still early they're
still dying okay this is the first thing
that I see and I'm just like Shina
I need ten of oh can I get ten of these
no it's the whatever thing I'm one of a
kind - that's why I should get it it's
emitting a lot of heat as well it's like
we always finish
fire but now we're talking if you get
the sign of money then you're gonna make
the money
we're back where we started and we are
empty-handed
shut up shut up what shut up but I did
see some things that I like what I'm
gonna do guys is I'm basically gonna go
everywhere all the different furniture
stores in the damn world and I'm gonna
answer like I'm telling you I'm gonna
get the dopest furniture there is
there's nothing that's ever gonna stop
me boy
like I need Apollo to have the dopest
doghouse to have a castle bran castle
Kingdom you're gonna sleep on a throne
it's almost like he doesn't care
do you even care guys there's still so
much going on I have a big meeting in a
couple of minutes about where all the
stuff in the flippin house is gonna go
it's so flimsy he's making out back
there we got a big meeting to go to
let's go so we started driving back to
the new team 10 house recipes old one
hat and chance was driving before what
bro it's not my car and he leaves the
car on a reserve fuel we're literally
about to run out of gas
look it says reserve fuel we're about to
run out I'm getting off at this next
exit right here chance if we run out of
gas killing you it's not my fault okay
I can't even spray you can just put
beeps over my mouth it is just a dolphin
noise like well you can put a dolphin
noise for like oh man we're about to run
out no gas station to be seen no found
anywhere and there's flippin
bumper-to-bumper traffic now I've only
ran out of gas a couple of times in my
life what did you do those situations
Paul got more gas do you have gas
I have to Hannah Montana tickets if you
want to get in I have I have sweet tarts
I'm getting over laughs oh don't you pop
it into neutral go no no go we're at the
pump row you can I get us two more feet
boys let's hit it
every push damn it team ten million four
feet from the pump Apollo I'm gonna need
all the manpower I can get okay buddy
change your name to Rudolph the red-nose
Belgian Malinois I decide you want to
cheat you wanna come on be an Apollo
that's why his name is Apollo because
he's a fucking god a chance and Anthony
definitely weren't pushing behind no no
the van is filling up but Nathan came in
the van and said that they're arguing
over a lottery tickets you guys hurry up
dude I'm trying to make it right you
don't buy lottery tickets in blind now
we have to go I have a meeting
scratching off their lottery tickets you
guys win anything
20 bucks not yet how much did you
actually spend $20 bro spent 120 dollars
on lottery tickets little big deal you
you were one number from five million
yeah let me see no you aren't yo I'm
looking at this dad a she won match any
of your numbers to any of the eight
winning numbers or the following number
so you're sure we won five million no
dead-ass look bro match any of your
numbers of the following numbers bro
we're moving out we're getting the house
next to you
I thought it was a joke I feel so bad
right now that how much we can do it
five million dollars I can't even get
worse because there's so many things to
be green man yo Lambros I'm telling you
Ambrose boys boys lamb boys boys lamb
trio my mind is just like dude wait let
me see it again winning number 57 and
then the 58 is the five million why do
us no no look let me see look at the
ticket I was driving but I don't know
yeah I don't know I was driving but like
you just gotta sell enough merch to get
five million dollars my kid bio kids
Halloween contest is still rolling are
you mad that I'm plugging right now yeah
by my bird by my merch you know I just
thought I had five million more dollars
yeah and because I had to make a pit
stop getting gas I'm gonna be late to my
goddamn babies later all right you guys
just finish my flippin meeting hashtag
big business bro what do you mean what
we're planning everything out we're
talking zip lines I'm talking you know
get down here it's a go yeah you're on
my time I'm vlogging here
but I'm talking ziplines I'm talking Dex
get your ass down here I'm talking big
business I'm talking foam pits what what
what I said foam and pitch sounds like
success guys other than meaning we have
had zero product productivity free today
new house new me I'm just a kid with a
dream so we still need to go to the
store I have a whole list of things like
I need a laundry room I need shower man
I need towels I need uh I need Jesus
I need turf paper towels toilet paper
like you mean one nose going down okay
that's weird right yeah
sorry don't do that Oh shopping right
now this is a thing for Apollo I'm gonna
put that on him in a second just wait
guys it's about to be the cutest thing
you've ever seen but we're shopping and
let's get this thing started Apollo suit
dog fence skill laundry bin bakers for
Polish Lululemon Gucci I didn't Busey he
likes it and speaking of pumpkins guys
that reminds me of Halloween y'all only
have 48 hours flippin left to enter into
the contest to spend Halloween with your
boy all you have to do is get a t-shirt
or sweatshirt from Phandroid I call bet
slit Jake and Logan you still have to
buy dad a motorcycle well yeah and guys
come and see me in the Inland Empire
October 22nd time to be performing songs
haunted houses the full experience
California y'all better turn up y'all
better show out the tickets are selling
fast guys get it before they're sold out
the link is in the description we're
still flipping moving in the house
literally have accomplished nothing
Derek I wanted to be perfect guys we're
living here maybe forever so has to be
done right and I'll see y'all tomorrow
because it's at breathe ha ha
Jade Pollux get it while you can and
beware all the ghosts the jig get your
Halloween weekend before the link in the
description make sure you're subscribed
to keep up with my life on the daily
basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 Chuck see you guys
tomorrow
poof
