to do the new team 10 house house tour
back up
wow I never thought I would say this but
welcome home tape ballers good morning
Jake polish what's flippin Gucci today
is off to Beijing start we're moving
into the new team ten house we already
got the flipping cards right way I mean
come on it's official where did Jake go
what do you mean how's it doing Jake huh
how'd you read glue it don't bleeding
yeah do the socks
anywho today is massive I'm talking like
maybe a huh a flipping house tour I
haven't been able to do this in so long
hold on hold on
hashtag winning today is huge I've never
been able to flip and even do that now I
can write up don't wake him up you
brought this for us toilet paper boy I
never thought I'd say this but starting
to like her Tony back inside I'm trying
to do what oh my god I don't know what's
going on it's that new house vibe we're
doing whatever but guys I'm a little bit
flippin overwhelmed we're moving into
this house it's literally 15,000 square
feet say what put that an arrest on
Anthony go away and I'm making a mistake
kids I'm so sorry I called it a house
it's a bag of mansion but I'm
overwhelmed because there is a lot going
on there it's a it's a huge house I got
to move into my room there's so many
rooms who's gonna sleep where what's
gonna go where look how many boxes
that's all merch Lincoln mine and and
it's like also I'm overwhelmed with
excitement like I don't even know what
to think
I don't know what to do I don't know
where to put my car no we're gonna be
civil in this house and we're bringing
quiet for our neighbors we are adults
button it up we being loud we didn't
just start the day off we have some
backstory this morning we had to grab
everything else the final things the
final cars from the flipping team tan
house the last couple of things here in
blood shark's blood real-life dilemma
guys Tesla's have chargers that takes
like a couple days to install but it's
just installed in this house and so I
have to unplug blood sharp drive to the
new house and then blood shark might not
be able to be charged again how did you
find this I don't know we're unpacking
things like edge headphone giant Jake
Paul March of onesies
if this gets five hundred thousand likes
we're making these in selling them well
six three six you will lie but Newport
Beach here we come
ready excited
excited
do you Jake it's so sad it really is sad
but then we all hate our way over and
pulled into the driveway and kids every
time something good in your life happens
you have to do this it's a tradition
that I do and you all should do it too
this is who I am
accept me respect me give me my crap
roll the clip do this every time
whenever you have a big moment in your
life you have to do this we have one
chance and I'd like to do this I will
wait here I would do you see this house
and then I wanted to get everyone's
initial reactions to the flipping house
because some people haven't seen it
before because when I first saw the
house I was just like I'm good so check
out these flipping reactions initial
reaction row that it is this house ate
Taco Bell and nine times that's how fat
a guy the funniest moment about all this
is when my teacher said what happens
when vine dies well mrs. Clark vine died
but then it was time to do the grand
opening ha ha the golden key the golden
ticket boys it doesn't
no you know I just realized we need
furniture what are you oh my god it's a
guide Church I never thought this day
would come
this is a problem does your house have
boss no mrs. Clark you're an English
teacher I do you have a library in your
house and then it truly started to set
in how flipping big this house really is
we had to call people house is so damn
big that you let me have to call people
yeah I'm literally vlogging right now
and that's what I said where are you
this is how we know like we this is the
warm up cars look at that so now y'all
are caught up to speed and now it's time
to have some fun maybe I'm gonna show
you my room show you the rest of the
house that y'all have never seen yet
before new house new me new flippin
rules that same stuff isn't gonna fly
anymore shoes off look at this look at
that these floors you can lick them I'm
gonna keep them lickable welcome home
you know what they say yeah you're
supposed to say you know what they say
what do they say home is where you make
it ya know I would have jumped up there
but I can't hurt the light we have a
flippin coffee machine though also guys
new house feature flip and check this
out watch how fast I can get up there go
tiny
that was pretty quick alright squad now
to do the new team ten house house tour
let's do it okay didn't see you there
welcome to my crib come on in
so we start off here in the grand for ye
so many balls and under here we have
under staircase thingy majiggy perfect
for sitting now guys I want to introduce
you to something that we're gonna do we
want your help
building this flippin house I don't know
what to decorate I don't know what to
design I don't know what to do man
so I'm gonna tell you what I think
should go in places and you guys comment
where you think and what you think
should go in different places so I was
thinking this would be a good area for
like a motorcycle or something I don't
know but either flippin way the under
staircase is fine and then we make our
way to this area over here did you skip
the elevator I don't think so
we have an elevator it's coming at mrs.
corn I know your school got an elevator
but do your house we should stop with
that you know because it's just like
yeah yeah so moving forward into the
house guys this is our killing
contraption for any haters stick them in
here close this up please don't hate on
it we're back on the move guys look at
this washers dryers all types of
cleaning supplies now we're moving again
into the gym area check this thing out
guys the treadmills bikes bikes oh
there's only one gone oh my girl Oh a
little bleach ass next to the gym we
have a steam room steams up and it's a
room we have a sauna guys check this out
yo I'm gonna get all up in there naked
in this out you don't say there's also a
shower
manager Kevin in the wilderness doing
the Roth business deal wireless
headphones on in everything road
accident harp looking better than ever
he's owned to us run this point we make
our way upstairs but here's the thing
guys I'm lost not even kidding I'm off
like yo oh my gosh the Martinez twins
room hey guys if you're watching in
Spain I'm trying to get you back to
America just in you guys the Martinez
twins have a different room than this
come on where you'll find it Martinez
wins perfect guys what in actuality I am
lost take note of this guys we have this
little controlling moly thingy right
here that controls the temperature of
the whole townhouse
this house is smarter than a 5th grader
but I'm coping with like angriness check
out this area this is the new and
improved team hand office guys that's
how you know we made it we can fit up
the line 15 employees in here does this
car have elephants and now we come into
England oh boy
wardrobe I don't own enough cloth
wardrobe okay oh this is funny you're
gonna like this one
this is uncle Cades room check it out oh
he even has his team 10 member of the
Month trophy and we walk into my giant
giant this is the death they're gonna
learn to speak English
yeah told you and now we're continuing
to walk this is like goes to the
upstairs which we're gonna go to in a
second but look at this just to give you
context now we're up above this area
where we were before
oh yay we're in the foyer tin foil a
little bit of foil I'm a rapper wrong
and guess what the house still has balls
except this time we're getting closer to
the bows by 10 and obviously you guys
already saw the library which miss Clark
doesn't have dammit Wow Jill you said
you weren't gonna say any more about me
I also said I wouldn't punch you in the
face let's keep moving and now it's time
look at it
the elevators still right there that's
where it comes up but now it's time to
show you guys my flipping through put in
here I need your help with this like
what should I put in here does anyone
know any dope like furniture that's like
unique and cool and oh that's off going
this way
in my room and then you guys come
outside and check out this flippin patio
there's so many patties and O's out here
I can basically twerk twerk twerk all
flippin day long and guys check out the
view baby
this is lit and you bet your ass I'm
building a zip line directly into the
pool checking and you can see below as
well that we have tons of patio space
and guys all of this is arm lawn like
check it out
no much room for activities even down
there ridiculous hey guys the shower has
flipping Bluetooth watch this guys
there's all this like heavy space like
look at this and I also have black blue
that would be my girl could see right
here all of our makeup on lip get by 50
Beauty get Kylie and you're gonna want
to see this flip in it toilet oh my god
you guys like magic on this closet
actually does magic tricks 3 2 1 hi I'll
do it come on in there's another closet
on this side
closet and then guys we make our way
through this door into the guest suite
this is where chance and Anthony are
going to be staying sorry dad he's gonna
be pissed about that one but they have
their own flippin kitchen chance
Anthony's room it's flipping all over
today and then we go now and some more
come on keep coming
and then those stairs take us here guys
garage space
why you've got a six-car garage and I
got that but we can actually fit a ton
of cars in there I'm gonna try and
expand this a little bit you know maybe
make it a little bit bigger of a garage
because we got which is for gays
the Lambos coming soon and of course we
have the old team pen sign which we
still need to find a place for but I'd
bring the memories with you kids six
three six tablet on the leg I have a
shotgun so we keep on moving guys and we
find ourselves another flipping room and
the best thing about this room is it
sucked comes with the flipping stock and
that brings us back to the main a four
year yeah I think that's it for the
inside right oh no two dining rooms
check I think he's playing with his
private part
hey my bad I'm out two areas to eat
enough with the inside flippin nonsense
I'm gonna give you all that outside
household mega flippin mansion tour baby
so we have a fifty flippin car parking
lot with this giant beautiful statue I
shall call him Bob oh hey Bob good
morning Bob all right I'm gonna take you
from this way on the side of the house
we got more patio space flippin patio is
everywhere and then guys there's a
secret area down here I don't you can
see it I don't know what to do with
sweet for the house telling there could
come in what you think I need help and
over here if there's like this land kind
of want to flip and get some goats yeah
we got the pool hot tub there's a hot
tub up there I'm trying to build a
flippin hideout here you all tell me I
think I'm gonna send it in there later
um I don't know if I can swim with this
cut that I have but I've never been a
girl we got more space all types of
space we got big spaces little spaces
rooms it Crompton's hot tubs it's worth
more flippin patios and a second hot tub
a third one wasn't good enough
neither was two and guys this is the
path that leads down to the hashtag
phone field it's like a mega space down
there but I'll be right back hold on
Tommy trust me where you going
this field is so much fun and check out
this pool
we have water for days back inside now
and yo I think chance and Anthony guys
you legit have to call people no joke so
I don't know where anyone is my thought
we should go on our first elevator ride
together yes come on neighthan get in
here
mom hi scree hi how are you good just
chillin my house elevator
all right I was going through a little
neighborly stroll on my flipping
skateboard Erica I decided to show up
she's a little bit late to the party
she's got a Paolo with him so I'm gonna
introduce Apollo to the new flipping
home this is insanely steep he'll go
skateboard oh hi hi he's home anyways
guys chants chants and Anthony's tough
to decide whose room is gonna be which
they're gonna probably fight to the
death what I'm so excited to be home two
hours later alright squad so I spent the
past like flippin two hours moving into
my room fully we still have to jump in
the pool we still have more stuff to
show you here we still have to design
decorate pimp this whole entire place
out I'm so excited for you guys to be
able to watch that don't forget about my
Halloween merchandise contest guys
whatever you spitted Halloween with me
here at the new team all you have to do
is get a t-shirt or sweatshirt from
Phandroid I go backs that shake Paul
always plug you guys I'm so excited for
this you've been Chapter of Jake pop
logs of to ten of my life personally
like everything we have going on this
house is like the start of it all and as
always thank you guys so much for coming
on this flipping crazy journey of mine
and I'm documenting the whole thing if
you haven't already joined the family
smash that subscribe button come to my
concert October 22nd always but
seriously it's in the Inland Empire it's
about to be flippin land you're gonna
want to hurry up before tickets sell out
guys they're selling like
cake and I will see y'all tomorrow in
this house way to get up for the first
time it's gonna be weird Basia not
because it's everyday Brody's dead Paula
get it while you can and be where all
the ghosts the jig get your Halloween my
link in the description make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow whoo
