we should get the address tattooed on us
today is one of the biggest moments of
my life
Farland others everyone's lives today is
the last day in the team ten house
simply all this means is that we have to
do everything that we've done in this
house
one last damn time baby I'm still
waiting good morning Jake Pollard's
welcome to my life I'm Jake Paul and
this is the tenth house that's less I
mean there's a day that you guys keep
working hard right now we have to tase
Nick one more time
we can't break stuff we have to be
respectful guys but guys things are
gonna be insane today we have a lot to
flip it moving into this new house is
like a new flippin chapter for us you
don't say
hey did Nathan Nathan it's like a new
leaf of our lives it's like we're
turning the flipping page I'm getting
all the rowdiness out of the system like
I bought this new house I'm not gonna do
anything to mess it up well you guys got
your vlog belts on lock them in you are
now a part of today's flipping journey
you guys are the Jake Paula's I'm Jake
Paul and it's lit every single day but
if you haven't already joined the team
smash that subscribe button then without
any further ado let's look and do that
so since we're moving now I have a lot
to get rid of like I'm legitimately
gonna get rid of almost everything in
this flippant house I want to start
clean baby I want to have a fresh new
flipping slate hi I'm Jay Paul
anywho like I said I'm getting rid of
all this stuff
this drunk doesn't work don't need it
other drone doesn't work no need it yeah
we have a lot of trash to get rid of I'm
telling you kid there's so I don't need
it this scooter Jake don't be a that's
mine that's mine
Nathan I'm not letting you take this
scooter I was a little bit more gentle
with
you know me guys just a kid from animal
hooker I don't need a lot of stuff I'm
only taking these things with me my 10
million subscriber black of course I'm
taking my blood shark like I'm the rest
of my cars of course you know I'm taking
my dirt bike of course I don't want to
take them my best friends are they
talking about am I taking my clothes
definitely not am I taking my merch
definitely taking my merch the link is
in the bio hashtag does taking my vlog
camera flipping ball borrow and you must
believe I'm taking all my wars look at
this look at that Guinness World Records
for flipping days done what if there was
no wrong and you bet your little booty
that I'm painting this big old legendary
flippity pen sign yeah and you know the
last and final thing that I have to take
is my flip and dignity I usually don't
take my dignity anywhere but now I'm
gonna take it you know No and guys don't
worry I'm gonna prank everyone one last
time you're just getting a little bit
warm that I'm talking jumping in pool
what the face I mean my mom cuz you're
vlogging so that the fans showed up at
where you worked
oh my god apparently my mom got fired
from her job because she's in our vlogs
what is our life trying to comfort us
bro they are succeeding hungry upon you
watching Disney Channel no I'll pay you
a whole year salary in one day you don't
have to work ever again your kids made
it mom's team genders teams head nurse
but mom this means that you can move to
Los Angeles and like hang out
me and Logan so Amy sure what my parents
we live in a world where parents are now
blogging is long like their kids what
the fuck's going on your girlfriend's
calling all right Pam I'll call you in a
minute how do you feel that you're a
side chick to my mom what's really funny
about this is that manager Kevin he's
like a super nervous about us filming
here on the last day because he doesn't
want to break anything he wants us to be
like super irresponsible he wants us to
just move out of this house and just be
done with it are you speaking about wow
you can't hear me I'm not only talking
into Jake pause you can't hear me hey
yeah you're a Knicks pot too manager
Kevin in the new house we're gonna have
a whole entire teams head office to do
something something I can have to worry
about that but guys we are gonna tone it
down a little bit today respect our
neighbors Reavers like the cities' guys
what no I'm not no it is your last day
we got suitcases a little bit suitcase
top guys this is Lacey from fan joy she
also helps hand crap the merchandise
wait am i me give you Lacey a pop tag
watch ready three two one no no it was
span joy hub access check for sausage
Anthony remember the Halloween contest
is still going on I'm picking one person
to spend Halloween with me what's going
on guys who decided to move and it's the
last time to jump in the know we're like
doing everything we can here for one
more time like I'm really actually I'm
kind of gonna miss this place yo yo we
should do something oh my god
oh my god Nathan what we should get the
address tattooed on us
I'm gonna ask them if they're down but
in the meantime Chad's last hoorah
Chad wouldn't have a career without this
Lagoon look at how ratchet this is
there's mosquitoes in the foot and pool
everywhere
you were the last one ever said chat
officially retired at the team ten pool
may this pool rest in peace it's
officially retired low-key I think
chance peed in there the other time I
throw Erica and
there's a joke calm down that was my
last disney joke in this house yo yo
come down here we have a talent baby I'm
getting everyone together for this
meeting because I'm gonna challenge them
to tattoo the address somewhere on their
body the reason why guys is like we've
had so many insane flippin memories here
and I want to change them get down here
I'm gonna see who in team 10 is down to
get addresses I gathered you all here
today because you're all kicked out of
teams like chill bro chill chill to have
an announcement to make eyes is the last
day everyone calm down we need to be
responsible here today okay I called the
tattoo artist he's gonna be here and we
all have to get new crumpets face no no
I can't do anything with these go back
to England bro I called the tattoo
artists I'm gonna do this no matter what
I'm giving the address tattooed when I'm
down who's down to get the address
tattooed on them well actually didn't
call it tattoo artists I was just seeing
if you guys were down but now I actually
have to call it tattoo artists no
intermission I'm facetiming fans from
the merch contest giveaway winner thingy
this is Karen hi like I said guys I'm
always randomly facetiming people who by
the March you could be next
cap yourself the house much of the
flipping game there's so much going on
today people hear my joy or Twitter
why is chance based enemy what oh yeah
merch I just wanted my face time we need
to get his head to heart is he here ASAP
I'm calling my friend he's gonna know
he's gonna know I need a uh this might
sound crazy but I need a tattoo artist
like now how long will it take
tell him I'm tattooing my address on my
forehead all right bye 20 minutes late
damn yo
yeah it's going down my boy Constantine
is here what's going on my man I agree I
agree I agree I don't know what's going
on either I'm getting six three six
attitude on me I need to pay homage to
this beautiful house that Blaine to pay
homage to it six three six no as will be
the third tattoo I've got inside the
team time out how many tattoos do you
have uh three I think I'm gonna get the
tattoo right here so that way both
ankles are bloody and I won't be able to
walk you gotta get it right there there
wait does it actually work
yeah yeah we're sure
guys no that's actually don't spot but I
think I'm gonna get it right here Kathy
and I'm getting a tattoo I see that ha
ha this is a fresh start Jay this is
what your make calls on this is who are
you talking to
it's how I do business hello JC Joe you
got big deals this agent Joe put Chester
down right oh you should get your
girlfriend's name tattooed on you
Alex there Alex neither look you Apollo
looks Apollo are you excited for the new
house buddy you have so much room to run
around
okay you're crazy dude hey just trying
to be like all the kids yeah okay well
hey all the kids are doing it I'm doing
it dude dude I'm so stoked to be like
you guys freaking yeah Frick yeah
freakin tight Frick yeah freakin like
it√≠s Frick yeah haha my big moment
Constantine don't this one up you know I
mean six to nine right no six three six
yeah so my mom I guess since I'm getting
this tattooed on my leg it means I'm
gonna live here forever
I did it oh I can't walk on either like
why are you so cute
I was talking to you oh you want to see
a tattoo that I've never showed anyone
before
oh it says venture you didn't know I had
that sorry mom Anthony's going with the
full wrist action Anthony's got to go
ahead on the last time scaring Tessa and
the team 10 hours Tony's done were you
from dogs sick three sick cook dang
bridge getting a tattoo Mike come on in
Mike oh I get it right wrist Mike what
kind of accent it's a lost alien
definitely not mine definitely not mine
definitely not mine it's the same this
means England is my city in Roman
numerals Roman numerals and numbers
Oh Winston Churchill I'm not gonna taze
you nephew trust me no okay okay okay
I'm not facing you give me a chance you
have a favorite moment from the team ten
house when I did it for the views I
jumped on the trampoline the full
attacks
oh okay
hey what's your favorite moment into the
team ten huh oh gosh you know running
around a few kiddos for so long there's
just so many you know I would say one of
the best in at the same time worst days
of my life as an entirety was when you
guys said that you were pregnant you
know cuz it was like the highest high
and then the prank part matched with the
lowest low you know just all together in
one day and you know for most people
those two things don't happen in one day
that's great I'm actually about to cry
right now
yeah you're pregnant you're pregnant
you're right you're right throw it oh my
god
god there's so much today
what's one of your favorite memories in
the team ten house I have to say my
surprise 20th birthday party I had no
idea I had no idea it was coming and
it's also the night I got my first
tattoo it's kind of ironic because I'm
getting the tattoo as we speak
Anthony Trujillo what is your favorite
moment of the team penthouse
Paul's bed Oh
oh my god bro Nick what was your
favorite moment in the team penthouse
rum about time when I got the other
touch of the tears oh yeah so you're
saying you want me to taze you I'm not
saying that no no one wants to beat it
have you been tased before
yes don't tase me half way through a
tattoo okay give me the chance
he done
Erica what is your favorite moment in
the chicken house oh that's tough
my favorite moment would have to be I
think probably when chanson anthony
moved in and everyone became like a real
family
hashtag so lost the last Erica movie in
the vlogs ever coming Nathan oh it's
broken what that really break it so Chad
wanted me to tattoo the six three six on
to him I'm honored Chad what you're
letting me do this because I just want
to say this day has just been like
incredible the vibe is the people I
don't even think we've left this like
general area and it just been late and
it's gonna continue to get lit i turn
the tattoo machine I constantly turn the
tattoo machine on my boy yeah this is my
stencil it's a skateboard with 66 on it
you want that one right there
that's the one Justin well that's the
stencil one dude this is Chad's blog
he's getting the tattoo
oh it's jazz all our brothers deserve me
the worst tattoo you've ever Wow that is
terrible
I love you too I did it mom no I lived
here for a year and a half look at all
what I'm moving where am I going
I never thought this day would come with
a man to all the great great memories
created in this house you know we turn
this house from a piece of wood in
concrete to a family a place of love fun
positivity and greatness the team ten
how's this team ten house I will never
ever ever forget to the memories we have
created here to the family to the to the
dogs to the to the cars that we have
parked and and and had people in this
house I don't even know what I'm saying
but the point is is that this house is
magnificent the amount of madness
craziness that we have gone through to
get to the point where we are today to
take a next step up to move on to turn a
page a chapter in our lives you know
four years ago five years ago I was I
remember my dad saying Jake you might
have to go live with your mom because we
don't have enough rent money and to
working my ass off every single day to
be able to buy my first house it's truly
incredible and it is impossible without
any of you guys and it isn't possible
without team ten Nick
Kevin the people behind the scenes my
line whoever it is you know who you are
and you know why you're special and
that's why you're still listening in
this voice memo because it's not about
you know what's the hottest thing what's
the next thing what's most relevant this
Jake Palmer family is something special
it's something unique
and it's something that we can bond for
and and and urine with and and cry with
and have fun with on a day-to-day basis
this house was kind of the start of it
all it's an honor and it's a shame to be
moving I'm gonna miss this house I'm
always going up into the right
and I'm always having more fun this new
house is about to be in love you guys
alright squad you know sometimes in life
you just gotta like all your stuff
this is the last lipping day at the old
team tent house I'm gonna miss you buddy
guys it has been an awesome journey we
got our 636 tattoos this house will
always always always be in my memory and
we've shared so many great experiences
here so six three six North Cal Kia may
you rest in peace my boy hey guys
shameless plug don't forget October 22nd
I'm gonna be an Inland Empire performing
songs for you guys haunted houses
everything the link will be in the
description and if you haven't already
joined the Halloween contest I'm
choosing one of you to fly out to Los
Angeles to spend Halloween with me so
copy yourself a t-shirt or sweatshirt to
join that for the last time ever I'll
see y'all tomorrow because it's everyday
Jade Pollux get it while you can
and beware all the ghosts the jig get
your Halloween mark before the ghost
link in the description make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
