there's a diamond yeah she keeps a
souvenir cause like this is Anthony's
bathroom door yo
I could even sell this on sanjoin I'm
always telling merch
I'm not gonna merge got by the way okay
thank you
now you're gonna have it Jesus by the
way do you like my new merch we're
tourists
seriously though that is a rhetorical
question like why why would anybody
shoot me this is the hottest march in
the game that's a fact
Maria guys looking to our lives with
Gucci my name is Jake Paul and I this is
the team pants
hey that's the squad team ten guys we
love y'all want to make sure you guys
are smiling today I want to make sure
you're dabbing on tomatoes today I wanna
make sure y'all are chasing your dreams
today because that's what it's all about
being the impossible doing things that
people say that you can't do cuz we're
out here just changing the world baby
yellows on and that's what I'm trying to
do on a day-to-day basis so y'all join
the journey broke however I think we've
realized a couple of things over the
past 400 and something days of everyday
bro vlogging and that is to never fall
asleep at the t-ten house it's just not
safe guys you know what I'm saying all
that dancing got me hot I had to take
off the Jay Paul stretcher but yo
underneath I still got Jay Paul Morton
on the side now a Valentine's Day is in
like a couple of days and I still
haven't gotten anything for Erica oh
please
like literally don't tell her I'll be in
so much trouble so I need to go the
story just a second and pick out the
dopest gift for like what do you get
however guys before we get into that we
do have a big problem like Athena has
got to go you guys know Athena here yeah
that is Anthony's dog the problem is is
I wish I was joking
you look at her cute and sweet and I
know you're wrong this dog has no mercy
I wake up in the middle of the night
last night to some loud noises
this dog is in the kitchen tearing
everything apart and I spot her on the
security cameras and the thing is it's
not like her only in a fraction like
this dog bites everything steals
everyone's stuff runs away yo yo you're
down you're down not down you're down
he's down no he's down to get rid of
Athena yo we're getting rid of Athena
that's really what it was about
no you're talking my house she's bad and
doesn't she's not bad
everyone makes mistakes though look at
the security footage bro yeah you're
right she's a sneaky to robbing her back
to it I know you're not giving her back
Layla I need you to come take a thena
back you're not taking her back Layla
she's not a good dog she just she just
makes some mistakes sometimes ha you're
asking me
how's Apollo we don't worry about Apollo
he has over 2 million followers in this
you over to Mel hung up no God no but I
do need your help getting Erica
Valentine's Day gifts
we're gonna go to the store in a little
bit you know but I got to show you guys
something first
oh my god
yo I was like yo what do we do at the
team penthouse right when you walk in it
was getting kind of bland I wasn't
really feeling it oh shit whoa right
when you walk in in a speedo here's the
thing with funny about this is I was
like y'all want an ice sculpture and the
guy who made the ice sculpture was like
okay send me a picture of what you want
and so I sent him this picture I told
him to take that picture and put me in a
speedo and they put me in a speedo check
it it actually says speedo dope is
he already needs he needs to merchant
yeah I just can't believe how hot the
burches like Manchu is I call backs
let's shake balls literally melting the
ice sculpture but you know what they say
screw Jake pull no I'm sorry
welcome yeah I don't know what happened
to the ice sculpture yeah
that literally took them like five hours
roll the clip yo could we get this
Valentine's Day gift yeah thank you
Oh yo get ready it is about to go down
so your size little brother and I were
communicating and I was on my way to a
business dinner I was doing meetings all
day I got Erica or Valentine's Day gift
but she was like yo let's meet up and
like figure this whole entire thing out
confront each other in person talk about
it I don't know what his intentions are
but my intentions are to get this boxing
match done and out of the way because
I'm so over it so I can get on to que si
or hell I'll even fight Logan I mean I
don't know he's my brother but that'd be
late I think this little thing is like
super super super funny and has blown
way out of proportion and I think at
this point people just want to see the
end of it because honestly it's already
old news thank you dude so yeah guys
this should get really really
interesting put your belts on join the
everyday bro move it yourself some of
the hottest torch in the game fans wear
that go back sighs Jake Paul let's try
and meet up with them bro I don't know
what's gonna happen
and guys I just want to reiterate this
is for entertainment purposes like don't
ever try this at home don't ever try to
get into a fight at home this is all
just for fun and like I think it's
hilarious and if he wants to throw hands
then I'm gonna throw my hands cuz I see
them oh they rolled squad deep they got
five boys I'm out here solo gaming it
come on dog you wanna punch me tell me
to talk walk the walk come on gee I'm
more than serious you wanna punch me
right now I mean you're talking the talk
brah
come on you roll up five deep suit I
think I mean me and young uncle Nathan
cuz I wonder what did he fight kids like
the owners here's the thing bow because
you brought yourself into this he
brought you he brought himself into this
he did and so I want to handle you and
then I'll handle care go I'm challenging
you right now oh I haven't had a
training right now I'm about to go to a
business dinner I'm wearing Tim's cuz I
look quiet you know okay right here's
the thing if you're not gonna find me
right now
then stop calling me the p-word Deal or
No Deal Euler No Deal or No Deal or No
Deal
white cancer well I'm here with you
right now yeah but I was here with ksi I
wouldn't be talking about you okay
well but you're not picking chaos eyes
battles bro okay so I say he doesn't
even want to fight me anymore
yeah still messing around I'm not pro I
bought gloves to work at midnight cuz
I'm gonna be at home with Erica
you
Jaipur is about
I really don't care what you're doing
understand right there sir I'm look I'm
not the one who challenged you I'm
sitting here and I'm challenging you cuz
here's what I'll do here's what I'll do
if you stop calling me the p-word you
can't call me a P word and then pull up
with boxing gloves in front of you and
then acts off like that bro okay so
you're sick bro you can't do that
kids this is a lesson for you you can't
call someone a P word and then just like
pull up and just be like yo now I can't
do that you're the one who challenged
you you standing up to my brother's to
saying oh we don't want the hands cuz do
not know he doesn't know my man doesn't
know I don't know are you gonna fight
cancer I'm not
bro this is my last video on you here's
the here's the proposal why I fight you
you train however long you want and
Logan fights ksi bro I will that's what
I'm saying but like I proposed one round
boxing one round MMA if he doesn't want
to make that compromise then he's just
being soft just like you are right now
it's exposed exposed to fake news Jake
Paul CSI brother exposed
thanks for the no bro it wasn't a waste
of time it wasn't a waste of time you
want to know why cuz you can get
yourself some Jake Palmer right here
there's that's yours take that home with
you hey it's a nice little brother here
and I love this new Jake Palmer I'm
holding it in my hand like a bat but I
must say it's really soft so get
yourself some at the Phandroid duck co /
Jake Paul he'd pay a lot of money for
that not a waste of time hashtag CSI
brother exposed I'm going to a business
dinner
oh my car's this way this is the
definition of being soft right there
look at him just look yo your does she
want to have a camera off with you it's
looking like No
what you want I wasted your time bro you
didn't even give me your merch guys I'm
sorry you had to watch that um that's
the definition of what being soft is he
just doesn't know he just doesn't know
he was messing with he doesn't know
what's going down and I literally think
he like stood there bro like if you
noticed he stood there for like the
whole entire time like clearly this kid
is scared like I get it though so what
does that say about his brother guys
like I don't know anyway he's joined the
strongest team on YouTube special
subscribe button have yourself some of
the hottest march in the game bands with
that go back sighs check ball I'll see
you tomorrow because everyday bubbles
join the everyday Pro movement people
and calc your self some of the hottest
urged in the game go right now because
the take collars sell everything out and
slash no subscribe button join the most
let YouTube channel on YouTube I'll see
you all tomorrow
