you're officially moving can you believe
it Nathan you don't have to sleep on the
floor anymore it's official it's my big
day good morning Jake Pollard's wants go
to a whip games strong we are all here
we are out here now what is going on
party people how are you doing today
yeah allow me to get you guys caught up
the flipping speed okay
because a lot already happened yesterday
but we're here we're doing it now
I found a belt oh wow I love you
oopsie sometimes I'm a troublemaker it's
whatever mom
but anyway slash flippin night once
again I'm losing my best friends guys
I'm losing my best friends bro come on
like I don't understand like what don't
you get come on don't stop Jen's got
pissed but then as you guys know
yesterday chances girlfriend stabbed me
alright she didn't really stab me but a
TV stabbed me and I cut my foot it's
still bleeding so this morning I had to
get revenge
good morning Jake Pollard's I am pissed
right now as you know yesterday I went
inside this room I started destroying a
TV the TV came back at me
and cut me look at that I may still need
to go to the ER but being the dumb Ohio
not giving it shit I am ain't nobody got
time for that baby I got a Jake ball
channel one thing that you cannot do is
take else kids the Jake polish never
take else and so I enter this room today
to get revenge to destroy the TV that
laid its glass into my foot yeah I know
this TV is an inanimate object but I
don't give a shit
this morning I'm not coming for you I'm
coming for you my boy twenty savage you
already know what they shout out to my
boy twenty-one no for real huh my club
yeah forget mama yeah yeah well good
morning guys I don't want to be on the
vlog you can't you get Jake
there's so much going on so I got
revenge on the TV and then it was time
to check my cut okay
I put the bandages on I superglued it
yesterday but I didn't know what it was
gonna look like so I'll roll the clip no
it's time to check back on the cut
sounds like Jake is having a terrible
time
hey Jed Yogi's how's it going yeah yeah
okay those papers conveniently cover
your peepee yeah luck there was
superglue and then there was a cut but
then there was a band-aid so like all
together it was one big like thing that
came off oh I'm bleeding out hey Mason
hey how you doing good all right is my
nose bleeding still yeah eat it it's
good okay so another shower no oh my god
bro I'm fine I just I just need some
superglue somebody no bra light
bro yes you do I'm going to a man you
think what I'm thinking I think you have
the super cool be Nathan I think you
mean stitches Jegs where are my friends
when I need them chips and Anthony oh
that's right please I'll give you 14
popped eggs
14 14 pop Texas I was 1 2 3 4 5 6 8 News
it's really hot here isn't it no times
before you pass out
are you good bro no no no no no you're
good oh I don't want to get in there but
I don't want to get in there I want to
get in there but I don't want to get in
there but that isn't a sign that you
need stitches I don't know what is it
who listens to radio good fun I'm good
Jake you're coming HC going in the Tesla
directions avoid open cuts and will bond
to skin instantly and then guys you're
almost caught up to speed but we started
to embark on a journey to go see what
people call the tank you're gonna see
what the tank is in a little bit but on
the way here Apollo started barking and
another one third time and then I had to
stop I didn't know what he was barking
up but then I saw this thing I saw this
red car he barked said a lot of stuff
actually it might not have been the car
but I saw the car because he was barking
and roll the clip we were going down the
flipping
and then Apollo started barking I was
like buddy what are you barking at and
all of a sudden I look to my right and I
see this majestic beast this is a humble
cave car it reminds you of my heyday I
just want to buy a car today 1956
Chevrolet Bel Air
Pro with the dice in the middle it's got
the dice it's got the flippin dice bro
oh my god the best parts the bucket
seats in the front no middle divider you
know I'm talking about because it's not
a convertible I know you spotted the car
from so far away I'm so proud of you so
now we're on this flipping journey run
it's time to go come on come on I know
boys are Go Go Go we're going I'm good
I'm good I got my clothes on I could see
everything and everything is clear for
lights go full heart full are clear eyes
can't lose what's popping hey you'd say
hey how are you yeah he's got a beard
it's like he's I think he's going
through the more intimidating role in
the wallet he's scary looking you don't
even know his name
but we're on our way to go see the tank
and we also have a lot going on today uh
are we getting the house today I'm
looking at this vehicle right now it is
called the tank and I see why balls
Batman that's a tank that is that thing
is really dope blood sharks looking sexy
but like this is just a different vibe
don't film so chill
you know nation eight oh that 100 this
was a Honda core this is a Tesla this is
what test addressed yeah honey no you
lost egg reviews I don't know why I'm
venting about this now but Tesla when
you got that car I was like honey I'm
sorry I'm sorry for you that's besides
the point does it look good to have
cameras as it's good it looks web person
yeah what is this door doing
it's like concave and literally says
tank it's a tightrope it's not beast I'm
gonna try and test drive this thing but
in the meantime enjoy their sexual
montage
so canoe yard I'm just on Ibaka step on
it down okay okay I'll get my
my bad that was a miss all right so
they're gonna let us test-drive it
now apparently this thing is flipping
bulletproof just in case they want to
send shots you know I'm sayin oh if I'm
gonna buy it
I don't know if I want to buy it what do
you have but it's like 500 horsepower
bulletproof it doesn't have power seats
so does everything bro when you have a
bulletproof vehicle you don't need power
seats what's the power seat okay you
literally have to climb up into this
thing there's like climb handles it's
like climbing Mount Everest and there's
also like suicide doors like suicide
doors it was a little bit of a struggle
I'll get a different model than this one
it seems a little broken i'ma start it
that was anti-climatic I'm sorry Jake
Paul will put the glasses on I'm so
sorry this thing is so massive oh my
gosh it's lit it's a flippin tank I
don't know how I feel about it it's
flippin dope and it's bulletproof so
sounds bulletproof feels bulletproof
uncle safety check approved can it be a
hater proof so we test-drove it it's
definitely lit is it lit enough for the
Jake ballers let me put my glasses on
nah nah but maybe one of these cars is
lit enough I don't know we got a
Lamborghini we got a McLaren we got a
Ferrari out of Porsche we got a blah
blah shit but never divide up a ding
dong clown I mean there's all types of
cars
however update Liza's go back on my post
for a month day oh look a gun it's
coming in like 10 days to the United
States so I'm awake for that one that's
it anywho I don't think I'm getting a
flippin car today but we flippin tried
however we still have a long day ahead
of us and guys I found this video online
thanks to you guys because like this
video is absolutely insane I don't think
I've laughed harder and in a while and
it is from your boy Nick Crompton
himself from like a couple of years ago
roll the flip roll the clip
Nik you look like a thong bro what are
you doing oh my gosh one more time one
more time real fast oh I'm only calling
you about this nice what do we got
talk to me goose for your meeting today
oh yeah I do have a meeting we gotta be
prepared I'm more prepared than ever
okay she's basically the head of casting
at Warner Brothers Warner Brothers yeah
hmm I took my glasses off for that one
bad as a conversation I'll show up I'll
do some business and I'd only call it a
day all right I think you can handle
that don't go in there too much like a
maniac you got it yeah yeah yeah yeah
hanging up on you good bye all right
buddy's not lying we do have to take
care of some business there's so much
going on we just got here - Warner
Brothers Studios have you do some big
business meetings but they're not going
in and they're not letting Apollo in I
know I know can you believe it I can't
believe it either which means I'm going
in so long
all right guys so I am and a lot of
Warner Brothers Studios right now they
make some of the biggest flip in movies
in the world and like I said I'm doing
that big business stuff but I had to
leave Apollo and Nathan because they
wouldn't let them on the lot but I trust
it young Nathan to take care of young
Apollo and Youngblood shark I think he's
got it on a separate note before I do
this big business can we talk about how
Logan still hasn't popped my dad a
flipping motorcycle what are you doing
Logan I'm going to continue to expose
you until you buy dad a flippin
motorcycle bro everyone should go to my
Instagram right now and go to my last
photo hag Logan in my comments and say
bye your dad a flippin motorcycle bro I
just don't get it but I'm at my building
guys um these meetings are usually kind
of odd we're just doing some Hollywood
stuff you know Satan's trying to make it
left the business meeting it went
flippin well guys you already know your
boy is out here grinding you know what
up squad now we're here at a new
location send me your location and the
thing that is about to go down is is
amazing it's truly remarkable I am about
to sign the papers to officially move us
in and for us to own the new team 10th
house this has been such a long time
coming like team ten is expanding chief
10 is growing it's awesome Trang baby
our follower count I think is that like
90 million or something now hashtag team
ten always wins there's new members
coming on we're growing as individuals
the content the vlogs are getting more
insane to another level look at that
level up there you see it that's a high
flippin level people the fact that like
we haven't even been able to vlog in our
own house like and we're still walking
sit good boy he may or may not have
already been sitting I don't know no
those are my clear hey hey no no you
want a pop tag that's what I thought
anywho back to what I was saying
basically like I have been waiting for
this moment this is such a big moment
for me just in life in general like I'm
buying my first flip in house what is
that none of this would be possible
without you guys and your support that
you give me on that date to date today
base it's every day bro no no I mean oh
hey Ron how are you it's all gonna
finally
I'm lawyer I don't even know what I'm
saying but I also do know throughout the
day my leg has like started to hurt
worse like honestly I'm starting to
bleed through Apollo no you can't bite
the mic buddy I told you we're doing
business kid no I was just talking about
how my leg is but I gotta go sign some
papers to get a house and my leg is
still bleeding I don't know what I'm
coming Pavin jeez I won an award title
and oh that's me yeah oh I didn't know
getting the house was gonna be this dope
it's like signing day for the NFL Nathan
Pollack oh hey hey just chilling let me
tell you about my past
he's a woman I'm hired a person I loved
you two again thank you for showing me
that knee I'm gonna watch that one I'm
45 Hey Joe Hey Joe I got some dog song
in my mouth this is the official pen but
you can use that why this is my big day
yo this is a nice pen mom I'm getting a
house I made it there was a point in
time where I didn't think now we were
gonna make it through the team ten Trap
House thank you I thought it was gonna
be all over but kids we came through we
conquered and now I have this luxurious
pen I can't sign it with because it's
not blue ink but I have this blue ink
pen and I'm gonna sign these damn papers
to get us a new house we're signing
stuff I'm thumper it's my big day yeah
we're officially moving yeah can you
believe it Nathan
you don't have to sleep on the floor
anymore it's official it's my big day
signing day Okwe I'm I'm posing ready
take a picture I'm going to college
all right so Jerry over here my guy he's
the one that helped us with the house
but his kids are Jake collars they got
him this shirt it's mortgage every day
bro well my house is that
how you doing Ron that's my gosh
speaking of signing stuff and dating it
it's 10/10 I know I'm a 10 so it's just
like 10 10 I'm 10 good this is the last
one I'm doing it sweet Jesus can you
believe it do you have any idea what's
gonna go down no we need to go in here
bro I've been holding it back we're
officially moving in I thought I'd never
say those words I thought we were gonna
be stranded at the trap house mom thank
you Dad thank you I want to thank my
that we're locked in here actually I
liked it oh man so not like we have a
business meeting or something right now
or do we have a business meeting can I
keep the pen you keep I'm gonna frame
that pen I'm gonna frame this pen damn
it it's mortgages every day bro
we're buying 40 more houses tomorrow
watch how Moore's hills are looking I
feel like I'm the man and now we got to
do a big business meeting business
people yeah and don't forget about the
Halloween merch contest that is still
going on one of you is gonna get to
spend Halloween with your boy I'm gonna
be announcing the winner in the next
couple of days good but guys I'm
actually like super super super stoked
to be moving into this new house
everything is lining up like I signed
the papers on October 10 10 10 team 10
I'm a flippin 10 it's whatever I feel
like this is a new chapter in my life
like I'm turning a new page the past 20
years of my life the past three years
specifically in Hollywood have have been
insane so much fun but like this is a
building block this is a building stone
it's always been a goal of mine since I
was a kid to be able to buy myself a
flipping house what and so it just shows
kids like if you're at home right now
wherever you live wherever you may be
you can do you can become whatever you
want in life and accomplish the craziest
goals and the craziest dreams for me it
was cars and having the best friends in
the world and being able to do whatever
I want with them so whatever your goals
are flippin go get them man change the
game be a god baby it's gonna be hard
work but you guys can do it the Jake
Pollard's are the strongest most
innovative most dopest that's not a word
people on the flip in the world
okay so become a Jake caller smash that
subscribe button people kappa softer huh
no lip march and you're probably
wondering run we're moving in all I can
say is soon very soon you're gonna have
to subscribe for that one but I'll see
you all tomorrow because it's everyday
bro tada Jake Paula get it while you can
and beware all the ghosts the jig get
your Halloween my link in the
description make sure you're subscribe
to keep up with my life on the daily
basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
