this is what it looks like when Logan
Paul actually gets Southeast Chad just
got back from shooting MTV show thank
you for changing my life check what's
going on guys what's up what's going on
Chad she makes me chant you just want to
know what's going on in there oh
definitely not
I know this is your last job buddy
s'okay Apollo definitely cut myself
you see what I'm going through wait no I
have to say hi one more
oh my gosh intro is lit title and
thumbnail already I'm done loggin what I
do now going one go check you maybe get
a thumb down do we get yeah we got it
ah how does that happen this is right
you shouldn't try any of this stuff at
home it's my first vlog injury which is
pretty awesome yeah yeah that's pretty
awesome actually
anyways good morning Jake ballers I say
we prank them again just saying trouble
stop the bleeding first
oh it's actually believing like really
bad I don't know so I take part I will
see you tomorrow because it's everyday
bro please make sure you're subscribed
to keep up with I don't even think we
abandoned like what do I need
well no water right here but first of
all what you really do need it's a bad
good no don't look at he's not here the
pedicure right now oh my god deep broke
doesn't hurt does it hurt it looks bad
like from Ohio baby it's legit bad
there's no medic on set here
well anyway it's good morning Jake
Pollard's scooty anyways good morning
Jake close what's flippin Gucci I hope
you guys are having a good morning I
hope you're smiling I hope you're not
believing I hope you're working hard I
hope you're not in haters and if you're
new here I'm Jake Paul and it's lit
every single day bro if you're on a part
of the jake party make sure you smash
that subscribe button but we need to go
get revenge on them now we got a
band-aid but I'm okay chances girlfriend
attacked me with a bat two months ago
you didn't know his name now you want
his fame this is actually pretty bad I
don't know Oh
Martinez twins would say daddy we all
just appreciate all the great content
that that hurts so bad kiss it please
thanks Erica welcome anything for you do
you ever just think do you ever just
think like what are we um sometimes so
yeah yeah yeah it's time to get revenge
I'm all patched up Provenza what I'm
bleeding I thought you did that seer the
competition is shook do i bleeding
judges a girlfriend made me bleed she
stabbed me this is for you Tessa this is
for you okay I don't know what's going
on Bethany what would you do in this
situation
oh I don't know do I get revenge what do
I do yo yo Apollo if she really stabs
you she stabbed me bro I have it all on
camera yeah do what you yeah okay yeah a
few moments later you I have an idea
that's it yeah the water it was a weird
I passed out holding the merch up too
like it's just that fire we fill up a
trash can of water and dump it on them
stop I'm good I would losing our best
friend - Anthony look at what happened
last night for example the society we
live in today gaming controls 90% of
people's lives
hi Jake Paul have lost my two best
friends to gaming they no longer hang
out with me they no longer talk to me
they no longer go to get food with me
they simply gain look at their disregard
for any human involvement at least
you're here Anthony but I'm losing my
best friend chance to video games and do
a girl I can't have this man I need my
best friend back do what you gotta do -
welcome say it bro so how was the MTV
show it was good it was good
um Jake Pollard's like I would feel bad
like he's probably just trying to chill
you know it's early morning but
seriously like I think this is a bigger
message here is that like I need my best
friend back have you seen him in the
vlogs I mean he was in at one time
he got when he got paid for a need for
speed he does Oh
yep nice in there yeah we're moving now
it's mine
kids this could be us butcher planes Oh
what okay we need that in our
relationship right now I boldly doubt if
you're down with Alex cumbersome this
time I'm losing you buddy
I'm losing you
Dabo added to any joke
I'm losing you by enchantra I'm losing
idling Chad don't have fun too much
booty oh I'm the one that did it the
reason why I had to come in there is
because of you go have fun bro
now you're breaking my house speaking of
that though we need to clean this house
like right now because we have a super
super super special guests coming like
they're coming we have new pets
I call them aunt Ida line thumb to our
new pet cool
Lincoln my update what are you
well I don't think anyone uses this
shimmy-shimmy where we taking it Vic
keep going
brand-new MacBook Pro you can leave it
out done yo look at this guy while I was
cleaning this package came guess what it
is guess what it is my new vlog camera
setup guys because I'm giving this one
away to a drumroll please
at Jena a little 19 Jena you wide so I'm
giving you my vlog camera Jena check
your DMS we're gonna be reaching out to
you thank you to everyone who entered
the contest guys to win the vlog camera
Jenna came out on top but there's gonna
be many more contests to come so I guess
we really are cleaning up well you know
it actually looks pretty clean though
though yes poets broken again he's
having felon problems
this is like it's 30 pound like - this
is third phone in two days anyways guys
I want it back to the keyboard type with
the flip phone bro the cleanup session
actually worked but I'm so excited
because we do actually have a really
really special guest coming today you're
gonna want to see this one day 20
minutes lay down alright so the house is
clean now but we did it thank you but
then I cleaned myself that was like
trying to clean my cut but clearly it is
still bad good I definitely need
stitches but we actually have like a
special guest we'd rather be here in
like 10 minutes I'm freaking out man I'm
gonna call my dad because he's gonna
know what to do he's definitely been in
the situation before great Paul's a
legend he's not answering I think we
should superglue it I think we should
superglue it you never know
do we have superglue get the superglue
guy superglue we get a little Dom no
chance this is all your fault buddy I
was breaking a TV it was not her fault
oh my god this is bad take five can I
get a 5 hello kitty not yet soon all
right guys Maliha is here and all
seriousness the vlog aside of Maliha
she's actually a super super special
guest she is from Kentucky and Malia has
a condition called synovial cell sarcoma
which means that she is actually
confined to a wheelchair and she was one
of the people in the make-a-wish
Foundation and her wish was to meet me
guys which is like I still don't get it
I still like so crazy to me but Malia
like before we meet we're about to meet
I just want to say you're awesome and
thank you I guess for making me your
wish and I hope to make this an awesome
experience for you and I think Malia
brought her cousins Dylan and jasmine
all right you know Malia is coming right
now
yo she's in a fat way Hummer limo nice
to meet you what's your name
Lilia give it bring it in bring it in yo
what's up my man how are you
boom yo this is a dope whip you got here
you want to see the cheap tent house
yeah this is rain bro it's kind of a
ratchet you're actually gonna be like
the last fans that come into our house
we're moving in a couple of days so
let's run it dad is that is everything
you imagined and more how what did you
guys do so far Kentucky Kentucky kqp you
can't see or ofc he knows he knows the
infamous look you probably the last
person not a part of team 10 to ever be
in it obviously we should play a board
game and she's down to play other Ouija
board you're down I mean we're moving
out soon I don't want to be afraid of
Eric anymore what happened last time we
should say bye right now hey Vaughn he's
actually crying I should say by chance
you cried you cried in Houston I ain't
cries I'd know guys since the last time
we've been able to vlog in the team ten
house Nick still hasn't moved
he still hasn't moved the desk no no I'm
not the boss of everything unfortunately
is Jericho real I think I mean this is
Jake's log so typical divergent tactic
here - it's your answer it's really you
I'm only telling Malia if it's real or
not my name she's the only Jake caller
that knows the real that's all yours
you have it you guys didn't really have
like we get how much like we probably
won't take this to our house so like go
for it like whatever you want don't be
shy jump up in there dad's even doing
some shopping what is this no no emerges
expired no it's still on the website no
I'm taking it down right now
yeah CEO Chris remove the chest emerge
from the web site immediately
sorry chance you get March March
ha wait until the new house I love her I
asked some of the same questions and
it's mainly because they're gaming
problem no idea what is going on in real
life okay Cheers
yes they should kiss right just their
drool already gets the girl on the vlog
once he has a girlfriend I don't think
we should do that again I'll give you
$2,000 chance you probably need more of
a payment because Nick's still on his
desk
one hour later so right now Jake is
playing the Ouija board with Malia and
they are I say they're having a lot of
fun I mean you guys can see for
yourselves I will get some shots right
now
so we said enough with the nonsense time
to get in a limo and ball out Melia
Dillon and Jackson have never seen Los
Angeles they haven't seen the Hollywood
sign so we gotta show them the ways you
know what I mean and the limo is the
perfect way to do it Chad are you good
bro oh I was doing battery the true
story Chad's actually been married
before
and he got the boy he said last time I
was in the limo I was getting married
Jake you were married - bro shut up
I'm still married I do have to ask
though out of all the people that you
could have met why'd you choose me you
know I just played them the song I made
with Gucci man what do you think is it
fire yeah baller Southern powers just
wait on it Jake what is that drop it
just wait huh well
there it is look to my right and I see
the Hollywood sign this is all so crazy
everybody's famous like Jinghua alright
guys I think it's going really well
she's having a fun time I'm having a fun
time it's such an honor to be able to
like make someone's wish but we got to
keep on doing some Hollywood things I'm
talking games both I'm talking Hollywood
stars Anna
it might take her to Logan's house and
also guys my foot is like not the the
superglue did not work at all it's
bleeding through and it hurts like crazy
I might have to go to the ER I don't
even know mom what do I do she's a nurse
so we got the squad some Gaines balls
we're drinking water out of coconuts
it's so awake we got Hollywood stars
everywhere I think you're putting at me
I was like yeah we're showing them all
Los Angeles look how la he is this guy
is straight from Los Angeles I bye
Sunday Funday Jake it's Monday
Monday bum day I'm just chillin do you
have any thoughts on Jake Paul what do
you think about they love me okay guys
now we're going to the store to get co2
can and then we're gonna go to West
Coast Customs where my brother is
and fake spray paint his bus with the
spray cans and see his reaction he's
gonna think we're spray-painting it and
then I'm gonna have Melia meet Logan
because he's a Logan Paul their
strongest team on YouTube success all
right so we got hairspray which washes
off hopefully so we're gonna put this on
his bus and see what happens all right
so we're here at West Coast cup hey West
Coast Customs now Melia you're about to
meet Logan are you ready yeah and though
we put the spray paint stuff Logan I
have a special guest here for you I'm
Logan nice to meet you have you had to
hang out with this kid all day that's
why I asked why are you guys here just
meet you why did you pick me you guys
know that about hashtag e what come over
here what you didn't see is that a
couple weeks ago I dropped off my big
military truck which has been in some
vlogs well my giant military truck is
gonna get picked out by West Coast
Customs exclusive update you heard it
here first kids hey so West Coast
Customs is gonna be finding out the big
ol army truck ah this one and Thomas all
right now look at look at what's going
on he's got this great name
oh you my brother or not do you bring
that with you what a tease him baby
I don't think you cut a lot of the
internet doesn't like how many views do
you have I don't know you have two
billion I have like 2.6 billion are you
paying attention to my channel yeah we
got some competition how's me help you
hundred thirty million view is not on my
vlog channel all right not to mention
all the how many views did you have when
you were twenty this is what it looks
like when Logan Paul actually gets salt
he starts bringing up views I don't even
know what to say like he's actually like
this he can't take a joke and he's way
too competitive he's overly competitive
what are you doing with your channel bro
what do you do with your channels like
Logan bro I showed you how to vlog oh uh
it's gonna be okay buddy it's gonna be
okay I was trying to make someone else's
day Logan no but you don't have to do
that by making someone else feel less
than they should I've always been down
so like I'm sure his views have always
been down are you mad at me I'm mad
because I'm your biggest competition we
must boy whatever if you start getting
brought up that's like UFC fighters MMA
records what do you do it are you crying
right just rub it off bro oh we didn't
tell them it was not spray paint oh
that's the problem we went like this cuz
we love you Logan
yeah like I would my every book look
like it's much much I love you okay
breaking news this just in my brother's
a little girl well that got interesting
right who's the better problem that's a
good answer yeah it's a nice bus okay
guys so Logan's spending time with Malia
that's all I wanted I wanted her to be
super super happy but Logan just gets
like super super salty and emotional
about things but I really can't blame
him because we're from Ohio and like
we're super competitive like we're each
other's biggest biggest competitors on
the YouTube platform I am either number
one or he's
and this is just like me being
completely honest like open with you
right now and like I'm a little bit
emotional right now because like I hate
fighting with my brother there's like no
number three it's like one two and who's
number three and I respect like all the
youtubers like there's so many people
who make amazing content someone it's
over that I'm not trying to be like
cocky or whatever that is why we are so
emotional and aggressive in like talk
about that stuff I think he gets upset
when I prank him as well because he
doesn't want to seem like he got duped
or got like made fun of or anything I
don't know why I think I just have to
stop pranking him because he gets like
way too emotional my like it's literally
like a simple harmless thing like it's
literally already cleaning off of his
rap but like to him it hurts his
feelings then he feels like he has to
insult me so I don't know I feel like
it's a reality TV show right now Jersey
Shore what I do when seconds later
there's a weird one there's a weird one
for ya sorry about your bus I'm sorry
about your pimple on your forehead that
sounds yeah I need that I got a couple -
I got you trying to kiss me no I'm gonna
title it I lost my brother I'm right
here low again okay not clickbait look
at he's hidden okay I lost my own
brother not quickly you know I actually
think I need to go to the hospital like
it was a joke before I don't even think
it's a joke anymore let's go home Malea
time to go home I definitely need to go
to the ER
god I've got the team ten house guys
what's going down did you have fun today
yeah
was it lit yeah did you wish come true
yes there's so much fun spending time
with you and maybe you can come visit
the new team ten outs after all you were
the last fan ever to be in this house
everyone get in squad goals we did it
pause I'll be right back whoo y'all
strap your vlog belts on with me today
thank you so much for coming on the ride
our security guard will kill you if you
do something what if you haven't already
joined the strongest team on YouTube to
1.5 billion views and Counting yet yes
smash that subscribe button right now
clap yourself some of that Halloween and
don't forget guys Inland Empire I'm
gonna see y'all on October 22nd
performances haunted houses the tickets
will be in the description and today's
post notification shout-out goes to Mike
and though Mike thank you so much for
having us out of occasions turned on if
y'all want a shout-out turn on my post
notifications and comment when you are
done so excited for tomorrow guys and I
will see y'all tomorrow because it's
everyday bro peace I might have to go to
the ER too by the way I thought I was
out Joey this is probably the first time
I've ever said it's everyday real
priests and like I've talked to this
long I like Louie can't think right now
I'm like lightheaded can we go to the ER
actually all right I'll see you all
tomorrow maybe at yeah cuz every day bro
Jade Pollux get it while you can
and beware all the ghosts the jig get
your Halloween march before the link in
the description make sure your subscribe
to keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
