all right guys so all jokes aside right
now Logan I'm calling you out baby
good morning Jake father's looks good I
hope your day is already off to a great
integer I hope your day is off to a
great start baby let's get we're out
here with the boys had to fill up
rainbarrow oh my god car wheel did you
see that somebody put me in the flippin
Olympics bro I'm feeling it today I got
my Gucci pineapples on and pineapple
apple pen Apollo the canine is here with
us hey what's up buddy hey we got big
toner here Justin isn't here and we got
a Jake Paul oh yeah that's me
Oh anyways good morning Jake Pollard's
oh you know Jake power hold my legs
I hope y'all are having a great day I
hope you're smiling I hope you're
flipping dabbing on the meters oh Jesus
I got too close oh Jesus and right now
party people we are on
right now it is Sunday Funday Sunday is
so much fun Sunday Funday
sunday sunday sunday you got it thank
you no problem
I got the two-tone socks on as well I'm
talking Nike I'm talking Under Armour
kids I ran out of socks to be honest but
we're on a Sunday Funday flippin mission
and it is a Halloween mission kids I'm
talking about all the good Halloween
stuff you're gonna want to see what's
going on here and if you aren't already
a part of the strongest team on YouTube
make sure you smash that subscribe box
over 2.5 billion views in county and say
what why is California so hot but guys
things are about to get rowdy and I also
unfortunately have to expose my brother
today we got some serious stuff to talk
about there but yeah turn up that's my
friend Ron yeah yeah yeah yeah but guys
I think my buddy rain bro I think he's
all filled up it was that a shot on my
butt hashtag sorry not sorry Sunday
Funday it gets Linda no let's go we
gotta go come on get in the car I got in
the car but there's some Jake brothers
here knows that I'm bringing planking
back helper Tony Wow
get in the car now for real this time so
like I said guys we are on a power
flippin mission we've already driven
over an hour and we're still driving
because we are going to a pumpkin patch
Wow I am on a mission to carve the
illest pumpkin there is because it's
October which means it's Halloween which
means we need a carve some flippin
pumpkins and would you look at
Anthony has his phone back
congratulations congratulations are you
feeling better have you calmed down
since your last incident no you're happy
for me I'm always happy I'm proud I'm
proud of you brother best friend
let's go carve some pumpkins let's carve
some pumpkins so kids when it's Sunday
Thunder you gotta spend it with your
boys you gotta find a flippin pumpkin
patch
and you gotta carve some flippin
pumpkins so kids put on your vlog belts
you're locked in blog belts those dope
did you just come up that now I'm a
blogger do what the fuck you think
excuse me we're on par for the pumpkins
pumpkin barking yeah so we're walking
into the venue I got my cheap said
carving burg this pumpkins everywhere
lay the pumpkin my guys got a pumpkin on
his head what the biggest damn pumpkin
that they possibly have
look at this carving book guys we have
all of teams hands faces in your air cut
I want to flip Emilio's face on a damn
pumpkin tickets I need 500 I want the
biggest damn pumpkin that was ever made
you know mr. bear himself
Sunday Funday he's a big boy cycle
combustible Dave kindig Benjen what I
really think it is is the Lamborghini in
disguise no this is why I wanted to come
here the Ohio vibes are so real look at
this tractor bro
did you know that Lamborghinis actually
started as a tractor company no look at
this majestic pile of hay I've seen a
lot of piles of a hay in my life that's
a dope pile of hay that is a beautiful
pile ahead just real quick MZ exclusive
is it true that you aren't grass fed
he's not a vegan oh no no I'm never sick
sorry Ron sorry that's my friend Ron we
are starting to close in on the pumpkin
patch I can smell it it's getting closer
and I cannot wait to get a flippin
pumpkin to hold my leg I'm picking
pumpkin patches I just need a head over
here to the kids go get em kid and the
boys are gonna play look at this thing
I'm looking for the juiciest pumpkin
there is people replace their babies
with pumpkins look at how juicy this one
is that's a juicy pumpkin I made a damn
pumpkin Justin stop vlogging bro please
I'm out here measuring up the sizes of
these pumpkins I'm a fun Emilio space
that's just not big enough grow are you
a pumpkin oh you're a pumpkin too does
anybody know where the Ohio sized
pumpkins are I need you to go and find
me the biggest pumpkin in this patch you
got that Tony I'm going back to the
breeder come on come on now I'm just get
our lever power I'm really starting to
lose faith in this pumpkin patch the
pumpkins are turning green what is this
man all the way down out you got to go
all the way down you got a dig deep Oh
found a big pumpkin but this lady has it
I'm gonna try and buy it from her how
much for the pumpkin I'm just trying to
put my friends beautiful face on the
pumpkin it looks like yours fits how
much you want 150 a dollar 50 No
that's easy over there over there tactic
no I wasn't trying to steal your pumpkin
my name's s this is it this is it
pumpkin barking once again this seems to
be a common theme of her place eat
babies with pumpkins pumpkins are
important arguably more important than
baby it's a big it's a big Apollo it's a
bigger power oh my gosh what's crazy is
that people don't understand the
importance of pumpkin carving before you
carve your pumpkin you have to become
one with it you promise letters a joke
with house coming in here to Gaza
pumpkins I told you I was gonna get the
biggest bit pumpkin in here and carve it
this is called bonding you have to be
able to bond with your pumpkin before
you carve it it's going on right now
also kids you have to wash your pumpkin
before you carve it I'm gonna put Emilio
space right on that pumpkin they find
that so we got our pumpkin we still have
to get it ready to carve and you're
probably wondering still why I'm taking
this so seriously cuz whatever I do now
guys there are a lot of pumpkins like
this many shapes and sizes but this one
is mine and I will call him orange II do
you guys do taxes
all right squat so now we are here and
it is time to carve this lipid pumpkin
are you ready little oranjee are you
ready little urchin Sunday Funday the
last step to carving a pumpkin is
filling it with fix-a-flat don't ask me
why you got to fill up your pumpkins
with fix-a-flat so that it steams it's a
rabbit pumpkin guys this makes the
pumpkins stronger last longer and shine
better at night if you don't believe me
google it alright so we have this team
10 pumpkin carving book shameless plug
the link is in the bio we were gonna
carve Amelio space but instead that we
made the group decision to carve chances
face into the pumpkin oh no we are
squirrel Chyna can we get a side-by-side
comparison look at this and look at
chances place pretty similar if you ask
me oh well you gotta clean this up but I
think it's time to expose my brother
Logan alright guys so all jokes aside
right now Logan I'm calling you out let
me tell you guys this story and let me
tell you hey Ron it's Ron let me tell
you why it's messed up and Logan I want
to see what you're gonna do about it
it's about to get juicy so a couple
months ago in December I was almost it's
almost been like ten months nine months
eleven eight months Logan made this
video boom getting his wisdom teeth
removed and within the video he says if
this gets ten million views I'm going to
buy my dad a motorcycle ten million
views yeah I'll buy my dad a car
no make it Harley listen Harley my guy
but if you zoom in closely you see that
the video has ten point five million
views which means Logan has to buy my
dad a flippin motorcyclist subdued
though but here's the thing here's how
I'm exposing him Logan knows that this
video is at 10 million views dad I flip
it got you because my dad doesn't want
to be like yo Logan get get me a
motorcycle like you said in the video
that's why I'm here officer J content
cap ain't no content flying bass me
Logan so Logan you are
have to get dad a motorcycle I'm so mean
I that's $20,000 worth of laughter right
there because that motorcycle that my
dad wants is $20,000 so this just
officially turned into a full-on
investigation a minute confront Logan
about it and I'm gonna talk to my dad
about it to see what his inside scoop is
hey guys but before we do that I gotta
eat I median I finished my flippin food
guys but I want to call my dad and get
his point of view on this whole entire
situation the reason why I found out
about this is that all of you guys the
fans like work yeah me me commenting on
my stuff saying expose Logan so I'm
gonna do that yo dad I'm vlogging I need
your point of view on a situation so do
you remember a while ago back in
December when Logan made a vlog with you
when he got his wisdom teeth pulled and
he told you if this gets 10 million
views that he has to buy you a Harley
yes I'm exposing Logan right now I'm
gonna make him get you the Harley as a
father you taught us to commit he has to
commit that oh oh here's what I need you
to do I need you to go to Harley's
website completely customize whatever
Harley that you want he said he was
gonna get you a Harley and send me the
link to it and I'm gonna make sure that
that's the one that Logan gets you
okay all right talk to my dad got his
insider information this is so funny and
I'm gonna make it so that Logan has no
excuse I'm gonna make it so that the
dealership everything is already set up
and all Logan has to do is flippin buy
it like swipe his card and now the
moment of truth let's see what mr. Paul
has to say for himself you having a good
day yeah my day is going good yeah
you're my brother to some yeah do you
remember back in December you made a
vlog like getting your wisdom teeth
removed and you said if it gets 10
million views they're gonna buy dad a
Harley you didn't buy him a Harley Logan
this man needs a Harley what do you mean
you hung up yo yo what's up Logan you
can't do this bro what are you doing
Logan this is me
virtually hitting you can't just say
that and then not do it it's had 10
million views for a while now what are
you doing guys I don't know what to do
I'm gonna keep on trying to get Logan to
get my dad a Harley I just feel bad for
him you know
hashtag Logan Paul exposed but guys if
you hurt her already a part of the
strongest family on YouTube calm
yourself some hot new March the merch is
about getting better every day smiling
every day repping the community having
something to stand for get better every
single day bro also I'm announcing the
winner of the vlog camera this year vlog
camera who got it
tomorrow so keep on buying that
merchandise guys smash that subscribe
button and I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's every name wrong
peace
Jake Pollak get it while you can and
beware all the ghosts the jig get your
Halloween mark before the ghost a link
in the description make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
