it opens up what's up my man
morning Jake polish Wisconsin what the
flip is going on we're flipping out here
flip flap flip or slippers I'm flipping
dolphin if you're new here I'm Jake Bob
if you're new here I'm Jay Paul and
today has already been like super super
super super super super late country
late so let me catch you up to speed
really flicking with so let me get you
up to speed really flipping flash
basically we are at the sickest house
right now shooting a music video with
dynamite Dylan yeah but this morning I
should say last night last night didn't
even get an answer last night but last
night we were in the studio making them
bangers you already know how I do it and
I was trying to teach Nick the King back
a push me in the pool we get along great
but then guys I did a little bit of a
carpool karaoke with 21 savage here's a
little preview I'm gonna show you the
rest later but here's a preview what's
up my man how are you bro good stuff so
stay tuned to the vlog you guys are
locked in right now the carpool things
coming later but right now we're in the
beautiful state of California look at
all this beauty oh it's a lot of beauty
anyways guys without any further ado
I'll stop and do that
so the first shot of the day guys we're
driving around in this Mad Max mobile
guitar vey nice to get in here both the
car VAP spirit of a prowl but the first
scene we're gonna be rolling in this
thing bro what would you call this thing
like 50 batteries this is an electric
golf cart oh it's a Tesla now that's a
Tesla Bloods arc that's a car this is a
golf cart no man that is a Tesla this is
not a Tesla right blood shark see see
yeah not a not a Tesla I just like fake
news run it up here's some tight jorts
squeeze squeeze we are in the VIP car
now this thing is straight from Mad Max
this is a big music video production we
got all types of stuff going on there's
people there's goats there's cameras
there's vaping cars team 10 is meeting
up with us later and it Crompton's in
the building what I do what I do you
blows you're the director
yeah ah you know what they call me right
dick Paul no no yeah no yes they call me
director Paul Berg oh that's a shame
what mmm-hmm I don't know what's going
on but he said it's I shouldn't be
called that cool let's make a music
video yeah we got all the big cameras
out it's a real music video shoot and I
just found out that the vape car y'all
come on get in on this Nathan
the vape car has nipples yo what is car
got nipples dough who did that you'll
blur it out blur it out blur it out yo
you can't see that who saw that jump
into the nipple vape car call me
Marshawn Lynch
director Zack yes that's my skin on
camera a little blemish II we do have a
makeup artist though the way you are
alright so we're shooting the music
video it's going great director Zack is
killing the flipping game but what I
wanted to guys you Reb I wanted to show
you some of this houses dope features
guys because I need to start to get
inspiration for how we're gonna lay out
the new team penthouse hey Ron
it's my guy Ron because the new team
penthouse has to be absolutely fire in
this house has some dope stuff check it
look at this trampoline wee wee yeah
there's a zipper you know basketball
hoop clue that ballin the new team 10th
house is definitely gonna have a
basketball court this house also has a
dog named Apollo hi buddy and it has a
dog playpen look at this Apollo do you
want one of these in the new house let's
say yeah this house also has a giant
pirate ship if you could see there's a
flag and the ship Captain Jack Sparrow
report for duty
well also when there's a pirate ship the
reason why that's good is because look
there's the plank so when we uh kick
came down members off we just say walk
the plank and then they fall into your
relevancy down there no no deep down
super you're relevant this house also
has this garage figure where the car
isn't fully garage it's like this new
trendy things like do you want your car
fully in the garage not really so I'm
gonna have it halfway out so yeah I
think the new team task might have some
of those uh indeed new half garages and
also guys update Erica bought this Jeep
so that's cool I mean it's pretty sexy
Jeep
and speaking of America they have
flipping goats here look at this go I
think the new team tent house would be
flippin awesome with them go Erica's a
goat - she's like you guys it's got
horns don't love me the house also has a
giant Darth Vader Luke um you'd better
like a Disney joke cause like Disney
bought Star Wars we're speaking of the
new team ten outside few down you want
to go right now cuz like we're almost
like ready to move in guys I hope I want
to see it I want to see let's go oh baby
yes and like I said speaking of the new
team ten house I made it yes we are
taking a break from the music video we
sell some shots to flip and get I just
like I can't even I can't even you know
I'm already seeing like a basketball
court maybe a dirt bike jump right there
I'm still not gonna show you all of the
house that's for another video but Jesus
don't look at it bro I'm definitely
thinking there need to be a dirt bike
jump right here go flying into the pool
what'd you think I was amazing for sure
I can picture the Lamborghini here
already like just glistening in the
light but anyways guys let's flipping it
back to the music video shoot well I
found the music video shoots we're in
the nipple vape car but we told some
Jake followers to meet us here for this
shoot could be cool 11 seconds later
all his late you know they're out here
Apollo your famous bro you're famous you
have 1.6 million Instagram you made it
cuz all right so we're still going at it
and I think they're putting some Jake
callers in the shot we're still grinding
right here guys but earlier I the Teen
Choice Awards okay calm down I know the
lights are in your face and stuff and
Dillon sexy voice hi
but guys earlier this morning I did a
carpool karaoke with my good friend 41-7
G roll the clip
where's the ham bro oh yeah hey it opens
up what's up my man how are you bro good
stuff what are you being man you need a
cup holder I got a cup holder you good
yeah you wanna DJ yeah yours easy you
know what I'll be doing
I'm a DJ you always doing the music
stuff that's good
jingle bells jingle bells
don't put your and safety first mother
but what you've been up to
chillin yeah
yeah yeah yeah
triple homicide and put me in a chair
yeah trip any 500 on this table run jack
yeah keV away you've got me yo hey it's
a banger 21 savage they don't know what
they're doing they're lost they're
confused lost and confused woman don't
do it people think you're like 21 years
old
people who know down thing then some
people say I'm a savage too
I do like
Savage when he take 27 yeah 27
were you gonna be for Halloween you had
that ready
my alter-ego is this guy named Ricky the
blazer
so I did go ahead a search for what some
girls
Ricky the blazar I got a spot this way I
know what you likes that fits I know
what you like bro
you'll feel that no fitness that's so
that's so music now love it
love it what your my house bitch around
my house keep showing it to somebody
that so many shots the neighborhood
Eddie Keller thought it was dope in July
you was with your friends playing to ten
no I was we're doing this right here is
what we doing what does that we let them
thangs go let them hang out there I'm
letting them thangs go I'm letting them
go Savage get your rims should we go up
in there you wanna pull up
you guys got rims we needed rims and
give them in some rooms you Jake parlor
yeah bro that's my guy we'll be back and
coming to get out rims I got that that's
good there you go speak French but I got
this you trust me or any traffic
this isn't savage but you know so I'm
done yeah okay
what are you saying he's saying where's
my dad where's my dad yeah
all right show me something I mean I
feel like we're just getting started
you know I mean it's electric I'm not
even driving from and I'll tell you you
got to keep you here I'm not even
driving bro
I'm just doing this I'm putting my leg
up here in this air so you can see if
you're driving bro plug don't play games
so this angle tell unit to put your
hands on the wheel in like a minute is
everyday bro it's everyday bro it's
everyday bro I said it's everyday bro
die double did ya I got us something
where that's lit right you can't drive
like that can you see otter 27
what yeah can you see you cute boo you
hum acute clowns
she's in the clown I'm twenty savage
yeah pulled up on the block
yo we should make merch bro yeah sure
sure
are you down yeah let's do 20 savage and
21-7
yeah so is yours
if we do a shirt though I'm trying to
only make it available for 72 hours so
that everyone has to get it right away
you know I'm saying yeah yeah suppose
instead you know my man needs some food
run it up want pretzels sandwich what do
you want bro he's still hard to read man
we're still figuring each other up all
right oatmeal raisin noted how'd you
know I like doughnuts I could just tell
you don't like it don't know like I look
like a doughnut just eat it right now
right I'm a savage he's good
no I got Gucci ones too but this is like
my off day tonight we don't want 21 this
is 20 21 and 20 Savage two one two one
they don't mom I made it I almost took
those those are yours yeah it's lit good
boy bloodshot open up for me hey Paul
it's mark Lincoln mile Ohio fried
chicken yeah we make this from a hot one
day
my overalls just my boys fried chicken
it was little updates to it you know I'm
out here you know making moves savage
yeah you know Ohio fried chicken well
there you go run it up kids that was fun
yeah did you have fun yeah sighs I don't
weekend music hey man you know it's all
music
until next time savage all right brother
i'ma work on that merge designs yeah
yeah yeah yeah hey wait I'm not getting
out why I put my seat just another day
of driving with Jake Jake Paul is doing
the strongest family on YouTube copy
yourself some of that hot new Halloween
March you're less than 24 hours guys to
buy a t-shirt or sweatshirt and enter in
the contest to win this vlog camera and
make a vlog with me dead so go to the
link in the description why you can't
and join the footman contest guys and
also you should join the strongest team
on YouTube and I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's everyday bro peace
get Pollux
get it while you can and beware all the
ghosts to the jig get your Halloween
March the link in the description make
sure you're subscribed to keep up with
my life on a daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
