so the reason we need costumes is
because guys I want to dress up in
disguise and ask people what they think
about Jake Paul so whether they're like
Jake Pollard's or if they're like your
random haters I think it's pretty funny
to dress up in disguise and then ask
people about Jake Paul what's coochie
with you Nathan
he's crazy oh well I got something else
what's poppin party people
hope y'all having a good morning Jake
polish salute to you you're new here I'm
Jake Paul and it's lit every single day
bro this is my new bus it's the cooler
bus sit today is going to be flippin
guys come in my bus I have to Hannah
Montana tickets not creepy at all what
are you talking about but before we get
started I want to make sure you guys are
smiling D I want to make sure you're
working hard I want to make sure you're
dabbing on them haters right now we are
in the beautiful state of California
yeah
how you doing it's lit I can do that to
them Gucci pineapples are glistening in
the Sun look at that glisten oh no do
you know what's about to go down no I
don't I didn't tell you no oh my gosh
you silly goose it's about to go down I
wasn't talking about that bear is still
dabbing though anyways guys you are the
Jake Pollard's thank y'all so much for
following this journey of mine that I
call life right now you are locked in
and I'm going to tell you what's going
down come on come on come on come on
that's gonna break that's gonna break
if your shoes don't have pineapples on
them what do they have aureus where are
we by the way yeah that's weird here
okay but seriously though let's go come
on so we're on a really long mission
today basically that's what's going down
here and the reason why we're on a long
mission is because I may or may not yeah
building my own what would you call it
amusement park scary haunted house park
bear it gets all the girls
let me tell you how many girls bears I
said my eHarmony account is popping
right now I did a full access all paid
no expiration date I got seven of
apparently bears eat harmony account is
popular I don't even know what a harmony
is I'm guessing it's like a dating site
of some sort I'm more of a polar bear
because when I come in I break the ice I
like hey yo baby
how much does the polar bear weigh
enough to break the ice what I do my
name is Jake broseph Paul Google me baby
Google me blood shark is in the building
and we're running the full racket you
broke into my office like a gentleman
getting all no one's ever been in here
so the whole entire reason why we are
waiting right now is because of Anthony
and his hurt phone look at this his
phone is like completely broken now I
don't know what's worse bro how
concerned you are over your phone being
broken and you can't touch people or how
cancer chances about his girlfriend his
fake girl oh you know what we do to
people with booboo phones and y'all
probably don't even know what's going on
right now I literally told you that I'm
building an amusement park say probably
like super confused but you're gonna
want to pay close attention and this is
what bear does in his free time bro yeah
Jesus hey Dennis Dennis is the legit Oh
G okay that's how you do it Tony being
the best friend I'm helping Chance out
helping them get a new girlfriend but a
since you need a new phone Oh buddy Wow
what do you think snapchat oh it doesn't
have snapchat that's cool text messages
hit me on snapchat okay well this yeah I
do
let's go we seriously gotta go back on
the move if you know what I'm saying
got the hater blockers on just in case I
need to black out any haters deuces
bears got his hater blockers on shout
out I'm trying to block the hate
Anthony's phone is still broken in the
back and currently we are on our way to
this giant amusement park haunted house
waterslide thingy majiggy trifecta Gans
of martyr two skateboards and stuff
captain Bear is driving the Beamer here
his a harmony account is a poppet but we
had to Jesus lagging out the haters
while we're driving before we got to the
park we decided we needed to make some
pit stops when I'm talking about pit
stops I'm not talking about arm pit
stops so like I said we need supplies if
we're gonna go to this amusement park
haunted house thing and I'm flippin
having my own you'll see you'll see look
at this giant Halloween store and bears
back at it look at well notes night
wearing a mask
yeah no I'm wearing a mask
anthe doesn't even have to dress up he's
already scary enough common hey chances
girlfriend you need to dump him
drop it low shake it slow hit it anyways
it's time to flip and get do I catch
that it's time to get costume so the
reason we need costumes is because guys
I want to dress up in disguise and ask
people what they think about Jake Paul
so whether they're like Jake Pollard's
or if they're like your random haters I
think it's really funny to dress up in
disguise and then ask people about Jake
Paul they're already got their alright
he got the Jay Paul look-alike this
guy's thingy majiggy let's hook it
interesting I bet you run the score okay
yeah I used to be yo come here give me a
hug bro what do you think about Jake
Paul oh yeah so and before we go to the
amusement park thing you got to get big
this is our waitress here she's been my
friend chance is actually looking for a
girlfriend how do you want him to be at
least over 18 he's at 21 no no no no
this is Anthony he's single too though
it's complicated but kids you got to
fuel up and Anthony's phone is still
still broken my phone's not broken
because I have the Jake ball Halloween
merch I always play yeah and don't
forget if you get a piece of merch in
the next 48 hours guys I'm giving away
the vlog camera that is shooting this
vlog right now to you guys head flying
one of you out to Los Angeles to vlog
with me so so if you want my vlog camera
I'm going give a piece of March while
you can and guys I know I mentioned it
yesterday but I never really touched on
it the Martinez swings like legitimately
got deported like I thought it was a
joke we're taking a plane right now
that's it they went to customs to go get
their visa and then for some reason they
got deported back to Barcelona I'm just
like yo China bring them back kids
through those bars brings back Martinez
bring back Martinez
maybe give chance a chance he likes to
poop his pants no so mr. polar bear over
here decided to order the hottest wings
on the menu he's crying now I'm not
really crying it's just water problem I
thought no one on eHarmony is matching
with him why would you order that bear I
thought Bears just ate salmon mousse
Roja you know what you need is Jake
Palmer the merger is the same hotness as
the wings you don't want it
I was work to do it for a blog and now I
regret it but actually I don't but I
kind of do I have a new girlfriend for
you better she'll change your diapers
gotta get that grub in my belly baby
we're still on the move the mission has
been a mission and a half but we are
finally here guys and I built a ton of
mazes and haunted houses specifically
for you the Jake Pollard's who live in
the Inland Empire in California but I
had a team of people build these haunted
houses and mazes because you guys are
gonna be able to go through them on
October 22nd with me what you're also
gonna be able to watch me perform all of
my songs on stage we've been working on
this for a while guys and now it's time
for y'all to finally see all the stuff
we've been working on there's legit
full-on haunted houses here but anyways
if you live in the Inland Empire in
California near splash Kingdom you can
come to some haunted major slash houses
with me on October 22nd also see a
performance of all of the song get
exclusive merchandise it's about to be
flippin land we're about to preview this
it's been a long time what I tell you
we're entering the venue now live Sunday
October 22nd 7 p.m. I tickets on
Eventbrite oh you think it's a game it's
not a game kids forget Nick Crumpton
England is my city
oh my god Joe it's already turned into a
meet-up and it's not even October 22nd I
got deported we're getting divorce
Jake Pollard's are extra let baby what
this is the first haunted house that we
handcrafted for y'all I'm gonna give you
a little bit of tour it's like MTV Cribs
except it's Jake Paul vlogs haunted maze
to work okay so imagine this at night
guys I can't show you everything this is
the second of the three mazes that we
built look at how crazy this is guys
there's zombies hanging around we put
this for you guys
commercially goodbye oh Jesus guys we're
going through all of these haunted
houses on the night there's actually
going to be like 50 Tom bees and stuff
like scaring everybody babies I'm like
rocky baby this area contains
flesh-eating zombies throw spaghetti
what this is what happens when you hate
on me oh did you plan that I plan no
where's this thing go
No thank you I advise you to run over 20
seconds buzzer he's so little
I wouldn't do that I would just get the
red Gatorade and run hey Bo you want
some Jack so apparently you have to just
go through this what the well he's gone
hey yeah definitely gone and this is the
stage guys there's only 5,000 tickets so
you're gonna want to go fast right yeah
I am the link will be in the description
right now I remember we sold out Hershey
Park 12,000 so like I said it'll be
cooler on the day just wait for the
remix baby all right so we're doing a
tour of the whole place Anthony
disappeared all your phone is still
broken
they came full circle I've never seen an
actual phone like pony it's not worth it
new phone who it is it's bent like
chances of career I've never seen a
phone get this mangled before guys the
park was everything I imagined it to be
and when I tell you I'm doing big Boston
business I'm not lying kids that's when
hard work turns into a reality we spent
a ton of time designing those mazes for
you guys and I can't wait to see you
guys there October 22nd don't forget to
get your tickets
honestly like we're already deep into
this vlog but there's still a lot going
on guys I'm pretty sure we're gonna have
a special guest on later and it's also
crazy because this is marks the first
day of my second year of logging it's
still kind of studying in like this is
your two guys you're in it for the long
haul let's go
oh yeah Tony yeah yeah someone's calling
funny dude we're vlogging with subject
colors Ricky here you can call me Ricky
now Ricky the blazer here let's say I do
we are going to bear's
sisters high school football game I'm
gonna be in disguise and see if anyone
recognizes me but also I want to ask
people what they think about Jake Paul
Ricky the Blazer guys we're doing a
video for youtube
q do you mind being in it for class I
just asked a question what do you guys
think about Jake Paul I think he's
pretty
I've never met him but he seems like a
douche it's not working you know what
being what I don't Ricky's not a vlogger
Ricky the blaze fast you guys a question
oh what'd you guys think about Jake Paul
me no no no no no my name is Ricky -
Ricky the Blazer yeah yeah just class
project tip I have a question what do
you guys think about Jake Paul okay
Ricky what happened oh I still look like
that douche Jake Hall excuse me we're
doing a YouTube video of the never one
question whoever heard of Jake Paul's no
no I'm Ricky we're doing the YouTube
video on camera I'm if he has heard of
Jake Paul what do you think of them
cool regain damnit
it didn't work at all I'm sorry
Ricky's done bro hey Jake good morning
Jake Pollard's watch feels good to be
back I want to do that video again like
with more makeup on or something not so
Anthony has had a long day he's buying a
new phone right now this is an
intermission commercial the messed up
part is he forgot his wallet so he needs
me to pay for it who's your dad Tony
who's your daddy you want to be my dad
jaebum is daddy so Jake Pollard's I'm
back in blood shower driving with no
hands baby but if you guys haven't
already got the hot new flipping merch
and join the contest to win my vlog
camera which I'm vlogging on right now
and to get flown out to Los Angeles to
be in a flipping vlog you need to enter
the contest right now all you have to do
is buy a t-shirt or sweatshirt in the
next 48 hours guys flip and dab I also
can't wait to see you guys on October
22nd don't forget about the link in the
math just start off the second year all
right one see oh I will see you to Mara
because it's everyday bro
Jade Pollux get it while you can
and be wearing all the ghosts the jig
get your Halloween my track before the
ghost a link in the description make
sure you're subscribe to keep up with my
life on the daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
