to the jack wait a second hold on guys
hold on hold on I need to switch cameras
with you you'll see why it's my big day
people 300 you know 365 days of vlogging
Jake whoa Jay Nathan that's Nathan J
that's not a lighting good yeah no yeah
it's okay cool
okay good morning Jake Pollard's scooch
it how are you all doing today this day
is extra special
today marks the day that I have been
vlogging for one year straight which is
why today I am eating this pesto alfredo
straight from the gardens of Jesus hmm
now today I'm gonna be giving you guys a
rewind of the whole entire year of
logging because today is our one-year
anniversary mama I made it serious no
guys this whole entire journey started
we're missing the point here guys the
point is that this journey has been
absolutely and when I say incredible I
mean yeah so don't get it confused check
out this clip guys this is one year ago
today when I started vlogging I'm doing
this vlogging vlogging this is big guys
I'm gonna be daily vlogging actually
we're gonna be daily vlogging
I know I know
hey no just defending that you see how
ugly I was one year ago geez do I look
that way now it's my big day but guys
the point is this year has been best
year of my life all jokes aside the
challenge of logging the challenge of
every day bro the things that I have
experienced the amount of growth is crap
and I want to say thank you if you were
one of the people that supported me
along the way if you're a subscriber if
you're a Jake Paula if you have seen any
of these videos that I'm about to rewind
because I thought you guys this channel
wouldn't be possible and over the past
365 days take you like it's what that's
it's wrong yo what did you tell me I
tried to earlier I need okay it's my big
day
anywho it all started back in the day I
remember we had a meet-up in Barcelona
that was a live law
and then the time I flew in a fighter
jet and went 700 miles per hour
but I did it because it's my big day
this is good
Binx I gotta get a necklace that you
want and then guys it was Thanksgiving
time and per usual in my Thanksgiving
traditions I always like to go and give
back
kids you gotta do good on a day-to-day
basis pick one thing that you could do
every single day to give back now this
pesto is still amazing if we're still
watching you are locked in on this
journey we're about to rewind some of
the most lift things that have ever
happened on YouTube damn it
and also guys I'm having a contest with
in this video pay close attention
because one of you guys is going to win
my vlog camera that I made all of my
vlogs on can you believe it
perfect timing the next incredible
moment that happened excuse me did I
just say incredible the wrong way God
was having a kangaroo in our house we
let you found a kangaroo now after all
the clips you need to let it out now
that's a situation mate my trip on the
barbie oh the next thing we did involve
jumping limos with Roman Atwood oh my
gosh that was a hard moment oh are you
ready no I'm not ready bro think about
this right now are we going oh my gosh
he's literally going yo yo you're kind
of close
oh my gosh you got to go under it
yo yo yo go that way go that way
jumpin in traffic on a trampoline
lit - um sleeping in the white house
buying rain bro you all know rain bro
this look on you but I bet you don't
know what it looked like before it was
rain bro check it ok so we just finished
up the paperwork
and they're officially turning the car
over to me it's in like a three-hour
process oh my god yo Galpin ford hooked
it up so fat thank you guys oh this is
the whip oh oh what is this the keys oh
that's like a legendary movie moment
they get thrown the keys thank you guys
so much real black
what started up officially for the first
time me as the owner mom this one's for
you here goes let's go to my flippin
20th birthday guys that was live they
surprised me
to win chance made out with the
girlfriend his fake is it girl one
kisses piggy was acting I was sponsored
that happened yesterday you don't even
need to roll the clip
because y'all know Jake ballers and I
know you already watched it because
we're the strongest team on YouTube dab
so when we built a flippin snowboard
park in a backyard
can you believe three two
I clear that sick you got so much you
merely have to start immediately or you
just fly I want to come down this trail
jump this and go all the way down the
side of the house honestly how far I can
get down there this is so dumb
ready
no Paleo again I did not
it's so fast ready
oh yeah yes yeah yeah whoa my port is
gone
and speaking of building things to the
time we built a zip line in our backyard
that was lit I need the light
I need the light blockage I need the
light pockets thank you to the time we
built the zip line in our backyard later
all the
and then to the day cut my big dad to
the day that I surf the streets
the time my big day to the time after
the trampoline under a helicopter and
flip it jumped on
baby back back yeah to the time I built
the biggest Jenga tower ever put it up
there Chad now it accounts yo yo yo yo
it's about to fall it's about to fall
it's about to fall be careful oh it's
gonna fall it's resting on one there
it's gonna fall it's literally gonna
fall right now it's literally gonna fall
right now
sorry
Martinez twin hi there apparently the
Martinez fans also got deported back
today or something we're gonna try to
help him get them back I love you guys
I'm sorry got deported
China China through the time I just
saved my brother's room that was great
right baby Jake bollocks check your
calendar dad to the jack way to say it
hold on guys hold on hold on I need to
switch cameras with you you'll see why
the majestic pasta is no longer majestic
let's switch cameras hold on oh so now
we are on a new camera guys and the
reason why is because Jake Potter this
camera right here I shot all of the
vlogs that I have ever made over the
past year saver why this thing means so
much to me and I want to give it to one
of you guys I'm going to the Stovall
it's like it's a sword here's how you
guys can get this camera I'm creating a
contest a 72-hour content to enter all
you have to do is go to Phandroid Kobach
slash Jay Paul always plug and either
buy yourself a t-shirt or a sweatshirt
and in the next 72 hours I'm going to
pick someone to give this camera to but
not only that there's more I'm going to
fly the person who wins out of Los
Angeles to make a vlog with me and give
you this camera to somebody 365 days of
vlogging this is gonna be yours it's
legendary look at it look at it make
some noise when you put it in the air
now
get in here buddy some of my favorite
moments are of Nick giving chase roll
the clips
those are some good clips I'm a lawyer
which is a time I pranked my brother
about getting him a Lambo and then we
actually decided to get Lambos Wow yo yo
stop stop stop stop stop Jake bro no no
no he did not
there's the keys
and what
there's only one way that I can come
back from this and it's a vibe violin
and you say huge Iqbal I don't want to
say this right now but should I get one
too Lamborghinis Lamborghini shit so
happy birthday Logan thank you bro this
is we're brothers that's true update
guys I think the Lamborghinis coming in
like ten days stay tuned now new Rolex
that Titus broke we need Jake Paul Broca
take it back yeah yeah completely
crashed at the time is that we got
wanted by UFOs in the desert I don't
know dude I won a flippin RDMA rule
take others let's go number one man
aha guys I this is amazing like I'm
speechless it's everyday bro I thought
for sure that jiff was gonna win my mom
and dad called me to say that yo if you
lose to a Pomeranian you're not allowed
to come home so I can go home tonight
thank you guys thank you to everyone who
voted for me Jake parlours I want to
give a big thanks to Disney Channel
Bazar barks the cast Olivia Madison
Ethan Devore thank you guys and everyone
on Team Tanner helps with the
behind-the-scenes stuff skate Schmeiser
Nick Crompton Erica Jack Val love you
guys
the time that chance was it crying about
a girl but instead he was crying his
dead chance was crying about a ghost
named Eric that was inside of a Ouija
board haunting us we should say bye bro
I'm not joking
let's save our guy we should say bye
right now how you can save on he's
actually crying I should say bye I've
never seen you cry let's go
goodbye I read you what'd you see well
just like let's not do the scan want to
go I can't describe it I just like can't
describe it literally in my chest right
now is the way out yep that's crazy
about flying back to Ohio on Mother's
Day to surprise my mom I left you mamas
my big day we made it you are not here
I'm searching for
happy Mother's Day I love you mama you
do not know what we went through
I have Mother's Day yo did the
neighborhood kids tell you just now they
did dude was waiting me totally I'm like
they're not here you guys and then
they're like oh they must not have
gotten here they said they might come
but they're not so I said okay so then I
walked in it was totally quiet and there
was nothing here I didn't you freaked
out you're elated it works it works
success you have no idea what we went
through what did you go through a lot so
cute the next time was a day where we
woke up and said yo let's make a song
today and it became the number two song
and iTunes every day with the channel
flow by Bill on YouTube in six months
never done before passed all the
competition man pewdiepie is next man
all these brand new role this is
it's everyday bro for 365 days it's been
broke y'all are so amazing like I still
can't I can't stress enough like this is
this this you guys deserve this you guys
deserve that you guys deserve the
yellers the yellows are dope hey yeah
I'm cute too that I'm getting into a big
internet fight with my brother it got
real real fast Logan you're gonna want
to stop taunting me and pushing me and
poking me and making things up because
like I said I'm not releasing the song
because I'm good brother I'm trying to
protect you Logan I don't want to do
this but you're gonna make me do this
just having a therapy session with him
afterwards catch me outside how about
that but you guys can get this shirt
it's now available so thank you there's
no please if you ever come up to me wear
it you shit like this I'm gonna slap you
then making a flipping country song
about chicken what
getting married in Las Vegas Erika I
just want to say you mean so much to me
your big green eyes and your luscious
lips I just want to be able to buy you a
lot of goats and just I love I love I
love you fake marriage in Las Vegas that
was lit and I'm too bad that chance and
Tessa all right oh and then after a
marriage you have to get a family car so
I bought a Tesla blood shocker
oh my gosh do you love this more than
your wife if that's true you shouldn't
get it no I know you can say that on
camera but Jake yeah we'll take it we'll
take it right excited yes I should buy
it what do you do should I sit in it
I probably should i sat in it before I
bought it there's a TV
oh no way cool I don't even want to sit
in it I just want to buy it we'll take
it there's time to read my things my
brother so we made a song all we have is
each other in the same Muslim what mom
not asking the Breville shouts out to
other little gang colors look up to you
every day bro cheering up presence which
the flower messed up and inside and let
go to conquer bigger and better things
yeah I'm still gonna try and vlog with
Ethan like all the time as much as we
can and now I'm gonna have more time
this is like why it's so exciting I'm
gonna have more time to be making my
videos better for you guys and so any
more time working on projects that you
guys get to enjoy and growing like my
personal brand even more I think
everything is just gonna go to a whole
nother level
now I cannot tell you how excited I am
like I have never had this much time for
the past two years I've been on set like
almost every single day then I was my
girl
Kayleigh I was from make-a-wish it was
truly like a life-changing experience I
love you Kaylee I don't know just like
the thought of not having her leg like I
knew right away we didn't know the
surgery is gonna happen we had like
three options I once put a metal thing
in there one's like I don't know but
just really a long tube thing up my leg
then I couldn't like ride a bike or run
I just have to walk but I don't really
active person so that was an option so I
knew there was gonna be amputation
because I knew that I can do more with
an amputation so that was kind of
interesting that was a hard decision to
me yeah I love gymnastics don't like oh
you're such a boss you're your Beast
it's in the umbrella it's my big day and
then I won two Teen Choice Awards guys
oh my gosh and to all the haters you
could talk to the plaque because the
booties off duty I mean help honestly
but hey you know what nobody's perfect I
gotta wear it again and again till again
and my asset nobody's perfect
I came in like a wacky ball
thank you so much power of the Jake
callers is then I sold out a flipping
stadium 12,000 people because of you
guys
Oh
imagine hitting 10 million subscribers
faster than any YouTube channel has ever
done it before and like I said earlier
you can talk to the back because the
booty is off no prompting
Crompton oh my oh my god no oh my god oh
my god no and then we drove the flippin
Texas to help the victims of the
hurricane guys this was like truly truly
a life-changing experience and pulling
people out of their homes and helping
them uh get the shelters like this year
has been absolutely insane roll the clip
no we gotta see this
okay yeah follow me you guys I got you
come on buddy
he okay buddy to me all right
alrighty I'm gonna pick you up
be good then buying a dog who was once a
little puppy named Apollo boy but hey
welcome home you want to go inside the
team 10 house come on Luke and then I
met a mini Jake Paul you want to drive
blood shark okay I'm gonna come with you
all right okay well I'm going to show
you how to drive all right buddy
you got the wheel I can't even see your
head are you good
come on all right a little bit little
bit more little bit more let's get on
the hop in the passenger seat buddy come
on hop in the test Hey
yo
what what what what are you doing what
is that funny to you you're good at
driving well yeah yeah this Tesla goes
fast man
we have to go back now you could have
seriously killed someone you seem
unfazed he is unfazed
oh my god if you go in I'll give you
your money back
it's literally disgusting hurry up
Logan's the cops are coming I think is
that's what we say it's really nasty in
there
I call the police now and guys that
pretty much brings us up to speed this
year has been crap and it's all because
of you guys and the support and the love
and the family that we have created
through making videos with this here
camera I honestly feel like it's just
the start of our journey
there's still so much more to do there's
still so much more to accomplish there's
still so many more Jake Pollard's to be
added to the family if you haven't
already joined the family I mean what
are you doing you gotta smash that
subscribe button boom boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom I'm gonna flip in
like year 2 of vlogging is going to be
taking things to the next level I'm
gonna go like this wow this is how I'm
gonna enter YouTube so guys today's a
good day
there's been so much hard work after
hours dozens of people that helped in
the creation of this channel okay and
we've been made it mom we made it dad
you can retire okay so guys if you want
this camera if you want they have been
thrown this to you join the contest go
to the link in the description right now
get yourself a t-shirt or sweatshirt
it's the hottest merch in the game I
promise and you'll have a chance to win
this vlog camera that blog with us and
made all the stuff that you have seen
and you only have 72 hours so hurry up
kids and for the 360 v time I will see
you tomorrow
because
take Pollux get it while you can
and beware all the ghosts the jig get
your Halloween market link in the
description make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
Poosh
