bring the energy kids good morning take
pause we are in the desert right now yo
let me give you some backstory stop stop
stop let me give you some backstory last
night we started on this journey to the
desert roll the clip
whoa we're in the past but now it's the
present for you oh boy
lifting these up kids because right now
we are going to the desert on a squad
mission to do some big boston business
is not in Boston though right now it is
like 11 o'clock at night we got our food
stop we brought out rain bro we brought
out cadet to that cave I'm naming it
soon damn it but it's gonna be military
things like but tomorrow how about to be
lit you were about to witness the
witness it is alliteration kid
call me login let's go bro what'd you
call me Logan right hope it seriously
we're going to the desert right now I'm
riding the chance he's back there I
don't wanna make this two obvious but
it's time to confront him about his
girlfriend so you talking about your
fake girlfriend stop making out with her
bro bro I just in front of the paparazzi
if you look I looked right at them they
slay me I'm not gonna lie she's in there
for the views bro no bro
she doesn't even know does even know
YouTube he is whipped bro I wouldn't use
the word
I think the audience thinks she's here
yeah what about Tessa
what about it we're chill we just had to
talk to the dead bro I don't need help I
don't see what the issue is we all know
it there's never you still married Erica
hey gotta go yeah yeah yeah this wit no
hahahaha chances with what guys then
ahaha we woke up this morning
and now we are here in the desert guys
there's a lot going on today also the
Montoya twins are here are you guys good
bro it's currently 50 degrees in the
desert most people think it's hot
so you guys are probably wondering
what's going on right now why is there
Lamborghini why is the rainbow here why
do we all have the most fire merch in
the game up these are just questions
that I can't answer at the moment
basically today guys we are shooting I
would call it a movie a mini movie I'm
talking chase scenes I'm talking cars yo
I'm trying to hit 200 miles per hour
I got that fire haircut I might just
steal your girl that down god yeah
there's a rock in my shoe we're gonna
have plenty of those going on today you
know what I'm saying I got the ice cream
cone shoes on it kind of reminds me of
gucci mane i did a song with him coming
soon always plug kids it's done it's so
beautiful that's how you know it's gonna
be a good day because the Sun is here
problem the challenge the challenge the
challenge I like a challenge of today is
that we have to shoot this mini movie
all in one day hey you good morning je
polish Gucci if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul and it's lit every single day bro
yeah if you want a part of the Jake
follow smash that subscribe button join
the strongest team on YouTube have 2.5
billion views and Counting hi I'm Jake
you are now locked in on the journey
with us and I think Erica's here come on
one second I have to do director Paul
burger Sandra someone's gonna try the
short straw you guys are all gonna get
in six shot boom boom boom we're making
movies hold on sorry I had to make a
movie really fast director
yeah someone thought the if you want the
vinegar with that salt ah friend
that's my best friend that's over hey
the song the song roll the clip roll the
clip hey Steve my fist in my basement
mister so a couple of moments later we
had like a production meeting we were
like basically mapping out the whole
entire thing filming a couple of scenes
death and while we were doing that this
truck got here look at this thing dude
it's a gigantic bionic arm thingy
majiggy that's what this is they use
these for chase scenes because it's like
the car follows us and like I said we're
making a movie with all of these cars I
can't tell you what it's for but it's
gonna be lit and this whole entire rig
this is like what they use in like fast
and furious and all that stuff it's got
a bumper on it look at that bumper
that'll pump some stuff for sure right
now we're trying to like figure out all
the shots lining it up making it like a
great action sequence cinematic stuff
awesome audio how we do it in Hollywood
kids it's great I also don't want to
break this because this cost like a lot
of money director Paul Berg is back at
work
okay so we are a little bit into the
shoot just doing like the intros and
stuff now there's high tensions on set
right now Andy yeah let Erica because
she was like doing this thing right I
feel a little bit bad but Erica put
another that it's going great you're
getting that behind-the-scenes exclusive
access baby handstand guys I'm still I
still have the mindset we're gonna go to
like a wide-open desert in a little bit
I'm going to hit you under have to hit
200 Oni you're already done though it
just started that's how you do it but
one take Tony so they call me I'm in and
outside my deal get my check I'm not
killing the flipping game you're getting
all the beach okay anyways we finished
up at this location the shoot is going
insane you know look sexy look sixteen
director Paul Berg and full effect
there's a lot going on let's get it and
if you notice over here the t-ten man is
back
all right I missed you so much baby if
you remember what happened to this the
Martinez twins were in it and the wheel
literally fell off on the side of the
highway and they were stranded but she's
back and better than ever one at the new
location right now you'll check out this
nothing yeah they said go to the desert
it'll be fun they brought snacks okay
it's gone loose with the bunions we need
them back we need to foggy
anyway so we have a squad but the
problem is guys excuse me I don't know
if you can see right there we started to
do donuts like in this area and we've
ripped up the whole entire land but then
the owner of the land comes over and
there's like yo you guys can't do donuts
here how much joke our movie um we're
allowed to talk about it oh we're doing
it we're filming a brand deal for Need
for Speed hopefully were able to do dogs
out there when you're on a set they have
these these trailer things that are like
houses that you get chillin and also
there's food and sex
yeah manager cab all montoya to ins
y'all think we need to talk about the
Martinez twins with you too honey y'all
need to get one of these this night we
need four of these RVs where you get
this at Costco
honey team take Obama day for the salmon
better then we got yelled out right go
Ted unauthorized I'm always doing on
authorized moves we have to follow this
plan for the most part and we'll let you
guys know when we can do the more fun
moves and am I able to hit 200 miles per
hour still probably not that makes it
more fun literally shut this down if you
can't pay attention for like four five
minutes no Joe
that guys he just wants to be considered
so you know it's massage him we're good
what's the landowner did you need a pot
tag ah maybe two productions you have
real surprise okay like I said earlier
your man we can't drift but like I just
want to drift look at this look at how
much space there is I'm like avid car
enthusiast I need a dress don't drift
I'm not you
oh my god that is probably not amazing
to do for my car but if that doesn't
look sick lookyou that better look so
every part of
director Paul Berg we're going left and
right action I'm telling you the action
sequence has to end with YouTube making
that she's the villain you guys got a
make out it's bad I'm trying to get this
action sequence to end just make out bro
you need a new girlfriend anyways this
video is not even getting posted until
like November or something a month okay
yeah I was harsh I mean I have interest
in watching you make out your girlfriend
I mean your girlfriend won't care all
right so I'm the director I need you
guys to listen it's gotta end like that
no one's getting fired here so you gotta
make out we're gonna keep on massage
what does your girlfriend think about me
she likes you you liked her until you
went off on the vlogs I keep telling
that's gonna come full circle
yeah it'll come full circle I have no
fear I have I have faith I afaik he's on
the phone right now with his girlfriend
be like yo I had to kiss a girl for this
is she mad you know we're just trying to
be nice man TMZ was just trying to be
best friends and and look for our friend
she was upset but once I've met all the
racks that were coming in from just one
kiss like it wasn't that big of it she
knows I like her who 270 minutes late
now I told her to go up to chance and
just grab them and start making out
everything is our chance
moments later all right so we're doing
the stunt driving right now I'm driving
this Lambo we're chasing the villain
which is in here and we're going under
this camera arm as you guys can see it's
so dusty out here but I'm gonna try and
drift on this one you got it I got it
baby
all right so the camera car is coming
right at us and we have to go right next
to it
there could or could not be another car
in front of me
we don't know I'm out here drifting this
Lamborghini guys check this out hi guys
so check out this shot right now you can
see his car I'm gonna go behind them so
it looks super super cinematic well as
you can see we literally have like this
whole crane suction cup you said you
were gonna borrow my car for a small
shoot tomorrow it's a small shoot okay -
shut up anyways there's just a small
little crane set up here and we're gonna
do a little follow cam it's small crane
you're fine little follow cam yeah like
all the words you're using surrounding
this and make some more sense that way
no we're not gonna play drawing time in
bio have you guys got the new Halloween
merch leg is in my vial you to.com
backspace visor took the vial oh no all
right guys so the lash out of the day
they told us we couldn't drift I drifted
donut no no drifting is under okay I'm a
high powered donut it's like ripping
their hair grab I think the landowner is
coming I don't if you can see this
there's a truck right here coming
towards us on the other side of things
that's a wrap on the production
yeah II for speed hey da that wasn't a
free brand you chose this one for first
that's it off in the Porsche Jake Wow
check it out for that I will charge that
Jake I forgot guitar you said one hour
later
well I'm sorry I'm sorry we're just
trying to do the intro well nothing like
a good old days work on the desert look
at these boys rode hard and put away dry
oh we got to give our babies a little
bit of a car wash and chance and Anthony
went over here so one chance comes back
I'm gonna have a little surprise for
them and it rhymes with Todd powder
water
well anyways oh but anyways guys today
was so much fun if you haven't joined
the Jake Paulo family already help
yourselves to my numerous represented
hot baby well everyday baby
and I also smash that subscribe button
because we're the strongest team on
YouTube what and I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's everyday bro Jake
Paula get it while you can
and beware all the ghosts the jig get
your Halloween much the link in the
description make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
