it's 5:30 in the morning right now I
can't do it man wanna sleep but Boston
you were little snaps we did all the big
Boston things that we could possibly do
but now it's time to go huh my mark
Chantale make it out my lovely hair
fed I got handsy hat
I'll get this dang garden
why keep it yeah yo what are you doing
what are you doing hey J hey Nathan what
I told you not to let him take my vlog
he's always taking my vlog this is my
March gun what are you doing I know
you're savages you can't just take my
vlog no it's my it's my channel I get
more views no I get more views no I get
more views no I get more views okay okay
probably really do well maybe we can be
on the same team okay cuz otherwise I'm
gonna throw you in the pool yeah you
don't want yeah okay so we're on the
same team okay well anyways good morning
Jake dollars how are you he really did
this part already like he enjoyed the
whole thing there's why my boy is on the
loose I don't know what if you got a
diaper oh my boy I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry
he's only 3 years old I'm sorry but I am
finally back in California
I'm so excited guys I don't know what
I'm saying what are you doing please
Arnold Schwarzenegger yeah are not
source- nice guy
well anyways guys I guess I'm here with
my boy are you excited you don't seem
excited anymore okay there we go can I
get it yes anyways guys I am so excited
to be with my boy time definitely almost
took his head off that time alright your
turn you jumped me okay you're locked in
right now here along for the journey
thank you guys for watching um I mean I
don't make it to spend my day with the
mini Jake Paul speaking of my day what
the heck did you poop your pants
really
three-year-olds what do you want to do
today I need a cop ran his own he's
pissed I don't know if I can get you a
girlfriend
I don't know that many three-year-olds
by the way guys Paolo is back look how
big these guys look how big a power is
this might be the cutest thing ever
watch us film it just dumb it it's a
mini Jake paul and his rarest form and
apollo the canine he still wants a
girlfriend yeah I got a good idea you
want me to tell you are you sure you
want me to tell you I got you a mini
Erica you want a mini Erica so we have
to find you a mini Erica are you gonna
be a good boyfriend Wow yeah so that's
what I said too I missed you buddy
good morning Jay Pollard's we're off to
a good day today how's it go hold buddy
you can think of me as your uncle how
does that sound it's going on here
mini Jake Paul I'm your uncle we can
jump off of this tree hey fun uncle
never says no okay this is what fun
uncle Duke we're climbing the tree ready
yeah you're so cute I can't say no but I
mean it's just like kind of weird it's
like okay at home I don't know what's
more concerning like okay being back or
the fact that chance is still making out
with this girl okay okay okay no no no
he threw my Rolex in the pool oh my god
you know how much that cost how much
does that cost no you shut up
take it easy okay okay you're gonna be
the real jig Paul if you keep this up
hey hey now can him look like the mini
cheek ball that is that is that's too
far here's what you're gonna do you're
gonna dive in and you're gonna get the
Rolex I swear I thought who's gonna work
not good no he broke the screen it's
broken
yeah shatter yeah no no it's fine
no foul just like 20 grand yeah yeah you
broke it yeah it's completely crashed
yeah completely cracked whoa he really
is a savage just shiny isn't it it looks
cooler with the screen crack okay the
expensive day it is really broken yeah I
can rock this right you can't really
tell the time on it but you can wear it
who buys watches to tell the time I buy
a watch to flex is that Mickey Mouse my
feelings you brought my ride you took my
life and now you're putting Mickey Mouse
in my face I guess what he's getting
with the movie Jay Paul you have to be
able to accept the consequences
otherwise it's not gonna go right at all
it still kind of looks cool got the
broken Rolex
No yeah calm down dude okay all right
are you done yet you wanna play games
I'm gonna put you in this chair I'm
sorry everything's going wrong now he's
crying like it was me a few moments
later
we're best friends again right are you
sorry for swearing at me okay I'm sorry
for I didn't I didn't do anything
games game he's dead he wanted a
girlfriend as you saw earlier he's
pretty salty I have a girlfriend he
would calm down drastically so right now
I'm gonna go on the hunt for like a
little bit to find him a mini Erica mini
erika scream in the air blood shark baby
I'm back are you a mini Erica are you a
mini Erica okay alright Erica I got this
we'll use goat noises to attract the
mini Erica found him in here yeah thank
you oh my god is this a goat oh my god I
told you I smelled it go I swear Erica
had the same outfit on once do you want
a boyfriend okay
I know it's a long story I don't know
why you're in the middle of the street
but there's a guy he's like a mini
version of me and he's looking for a
girlfriend yeah I know I know it's scary
you can have your go up you know what
you go clearly okay if you're interested
I think he'd like to take you on a date
he'd like to take her in a day right
yeah he just wants a date one time oh my
god there's two of them there's two mini
Erica's do you want to go on a date yeah
I know this is uncle cadence car that's
probably why you like it so much
hi-yah I know I know you grabbing a
button you gotta make a goat noise you
gotta go yeah he knows the game just the
way I taught Jake it's just the same I
taught Jake the same maneuver Wow Wow
just like real Erica she's having no
part of it oh they're holding hands yeah
here's what you gotta do
she loves goats you know what a goat
sounds like now you walk up to her and
you go
she's playing hard to get
Jake had to chase Erica for a long time
too this is just like the was just
playing hard-to-get okay you're a stud
we got a six pack yeah that's good yeah
like that now she's wants it yeah you
need to ask her to marry you
I'm lonely too sometimes buddy it's okay
the boy knows the game it's just like
this is looking a lot like the real
thing sometime speaking of time the
Rolex mini dig Paul Scott's a lot did
you just say I'm trying to smash inside
you need to be a gentleman you need to
take her on a date okay
go get em tiger I told you to look we
need to set up a date okay now we are
gonna help titus right now if you're
ready for this date Erica's ready
already
she looks induced are you ready for the
day Erica uh-huh she doesn't say much
candle lit candles is salt and pepper
are these plastic fish you ready eat
this is great it's the under four
restaurant which means this is just
grape juice don't worry good spots good
that's damn good oh wow are you ready
for this date are you really really
ready now repeat after me okay I'm gonna
be a gentleman I'm gonna buy her flowers
oh my god it really isn't mini Erica
what the heck is going on fine we'll be
right back sorry
I you Jesus
do you reckon there's a double a
downside just leave her tell her that
you love her I'm gonna buy you a go babe
put that down put it down okay I'm so
sorry
it's very well if you take her the
cheesy that's one way I'm so sorry it's
kind of working
he's getting there the cheese's yes guy
more more MORE he's doing good that's
good I think he's going in for the kiss
assertive very assertive I certify like
this he's being careful but Erica seems
a little bit pissed off I mean that's
the usual but man she's not even saying
Oh what what hey at least she's eating
she's offering food that's the mic it's
over today so okay sounds quick deines
what okay no you have to be nice Titus
no no no cake not a knife I just will
hang you upside down you want to be hung
upside down oh I like that kid oh man
it's not working I thought you weren't
gonna like that Erica thanks for coming
on the day I know he's not a gentleman
I'm so sorry and I know I know I'm sorry
I'll buy you a go you can go back to
your bikini photo shoot not being an
uncle to older people stuff is way
harder I'm taking you home
say you're sorry best friends okay I'm
not gonna I'm gonna tell your parents
that you did good okay
I knew he'd be a gentleman not boys so
now we are here Jake where's here well
kids let me tell ya I am about to get my
hair cut ha ha whoo are you doing wrong
right that's my guy
anyways I have this thing basically it's
dumb to call something a haircut because
that only means you're getting one
haircut so that's why I call it a
haircut there's something really special
on this box guys but also it bothers my
life is the rain bro taste the rainbow
it wasn't a free brandy okay let's go
get my hair cut oh my god do you
remember the pool boy from the one vlog
by the most RIT pool guys ever seen that
nice yeah thanks what's your name you
say at one time one time my pic makes it
in the vlog the ninja who used to be a
pool boy and now he made it look you
gave me and now look at you guys dude
damn don't se but Jay Paul is you know
we had to say goodbye to titus he was
acting up we said goodbye to take him
and Oakley now I'm just getting settled
back into this California vibe you know
getting caught up my hair was really
long so I wasn't home I was in Italy but
me ibid yeah I gotta be honest I'm a
little rusty bro I have retired from
cutting hair ever since I became well
yeah no it's fine like no one's gonna
see it so somebody get the medicine for
him and I named that I've done not
messing around dude I think I'm bleeding
yeah that's blood I'll be right back
after I get my hair Scott got my hair
cut yo I got a line look at the lines
it's like geometry in my hair though
thanks my name is ya know what I was
doing man yeah bro I look sexy was it
was Adelaide's still sexy though anyways
guys I was gonna tell you what's in this
box check out this new drop though the
bleach Halloween hoodies baby happy
Halloween we
all different colors look at this it's
the head of sports in the game I know
you want to try one on oh yeah I got a
charlie take this it's linked in my aw
yeah and also you get some art oh yeah
all right now I get some more 83 - oh
gosh yo if you want to be as sexy as us
my name's Jeff then you got to get in
the description and buy everything you
can on that website I'm telling you
right now and if you do one of you is
gonna get flown out to Los Angeles to
spend Halloween with me I know it's kind
of a bad thing but it also is kind of
good things and guys if you haven't
already joined the strongest team on
YouTube we're over 2.5 billion views
what the heck smash that subscribe
button join the Jake Paulo movement a
and today's post notification Chad out
goes to max Lackner from Colorado max
thank you for having my post under
vacations turned on guys if you want to
post on vacations shut up just turn on
my post notifications and comment when
you're done and I will see you tomorrow
because it's every day though peace Jake
Paul get it while you can and beware all
the ghosts the jig get your Halloween my
link in the description make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 chuck see you guys
tomorrow
oops
