and now I am about to call my parents
and tell them that I'm calling them from
jail good morning Jake Pollard's this
morning I woke up and I saw the news
about everything that had happened in
Vegas last night
sorry I can't like I'm like heartbroken
if you don't know what happened over 50
people were shot and killed and over 400
more injured I'm in shock I mean I'm in
awe my heart is broken and I just can't
believe the world that we live in and
then where people think that that's okay
I know that this is it like this is my
blog this is a my life and this is like
what I'm going through and experiencing
right now and these emotions and like
I'm sure some of you feel the same way
and and it sucks to see see this happen
in our country and my prayers and
thoughts and condolences go out to any
family or anybody that was affected you
know it was just people innocent
innocent people wanting to have fun at a
concert I don't know how to react early
in these types of situations I don't
think anybody really knows how to react
you know the only thing that
I have seen like on social media and and
that I agree with is like we can't let
this stop us from living our lives we
can't let this we can't let this slow us
down I want to like I'm trying to find a
way personally to get involved and and
stop these things from happening in the
future
but to anyone out there watching this
like we have to help in any way that we
can I'm trying to find a way to help
like and we have to stay positive and
give strength to the people in Vegas and
to the families in Vegas if they ever
need our help
put gosh aah my heart's like beating aah
I know like feels good to at least talk
about it a little bit I haven't talked
to anyone about it this morning and like
I said it feels good to get it off my
chest and like yeah I take Pollard's
we're still gonna conquer today it is a
giant giant giant big day for us and we
can use Vegas as a lesson to be grateful
for everything we have to appreciate
everything we have and I want to say I
appreciate you guys anyone who's
watching this right now anyone who has
supported me on my journey on a day to
day basis you guys have truly changed my
life and I hope to be able to change
yours I cannot thank you guys enough but
without any further ado let's flip and
get this day started guys we got a big
day ahead of us and if you're new here
I'm Jay Paul I'm trying to get my shoe I
know I broke it bus and you're new here
I'm Jay Paul and it's lit every single
day bro
oh good morning Jake Pollard's was
flipping we are ready to start our day
off now I hired you back on the streets
of Boston and you already know what's
about to be a good day hey how are you
I'm single not really what am i doing
humph okay damn on the Sun West Coast
this is my last day in Boston God it's
your last day
it's my last day and on the squad last
night left me Chad Emilio Yvan thank you
for coming to Boston but now I'm just
lonely again
have you guys though yeah yo come on get
you have to get in the video this is a
dad Jake Paolo right here hey oh oh oh
yo the Jake Paul Lazzaro your dad's
mom's goats Birds everyone Erica but we
are just getting warmed up for the day
guys today is the day the whole reason
why I am here in Boston you know what
Jake what the heck are you doing enough
with this nonsense let's just flip and
hit it this is my guy right here
it's my god yeah Jake from State Farm
except I'm wearing shorts not khakis and
let me tell you these jorts were hard to
find really hard to find actually and
once again good morning guys let me get
you caught up to speed a wee wee wee wee
wee bit so if you remember I made a
contest called hash tag hunt for the
pants the other day my pants ripped yeah
oh my gosh
are you a vlogger you have a camera
guilty pleasure of mine is - Oh easy
bagels which is probably why my pants
ripped which brings me back to my point
earlier where I was talking about the
hash tag hunt for the pants I put them
in the mall that told you guys to go and
find them do we have a lantern a nyng
nyng nyng nyng nyng my boy James joint
found the band's my man check it
have you ever danced so hard that you
have ripped your pants it's clearly not
a vlogger what you know that your boy
right here is a vlogger
and if you miss yesterday's episode well
that's your problem
but here's a fun moment that is the new
Boston Tea Party right there kids and if
you don't ever want to miss a day make
sure you smash that subscribe button
right now click it right there but Aloha
me you know I'm saying are you
subscribed all right my man thank you
for the ride and make sure you subscribe
find you your phone
gotta love overrides am i right but if
you are a subscriber you are with me on
this journey today we're locked in you
guys already but first let me eat a
bagel Boston bagel got the magic sauce
back there in the kitchen whoa is it me
or is it getting hot
I'm going to build you know bagels go
when you pass out by guys gotta have
your bagels kids you already know what
I'm sayin if you start off your day with
a good breakfast in Boston at a bakery
with beautiful bagels and big Boston
things will happen then big Boston
business Boston Post will happen in
bagels will treat you right kids I don't
know what I'm saying
hey shut up join the blog oh well but if
you guys remember last time I was in the
bagel shop I talked about how chance has
a new girlfriend and he got caught
making out with her on camera
oh hi but as his best friend we can't
just let him fall okay we gotta raise
them back up and it's time for me to
take action into my own hands because
I'm an Apollo Apollo's do what they want
whenever they were their gods they date
they'd have creativity
I don't know but being in the power I
mean that's why I named my dog Apollo
it's a big title that's a big deal to
have to help my best friend and chance
refuses to comment on the situation
he doesn't want to face his problems and
so I created this sir oh why the blog
I'm trying to be 100 this is great I'm
in a library right now it's really quiet
in here but as I was saying guys I
created a survey to help a chance find a
new girlfriend I figured you are in
Boston it's a great city everyone's nice
the weather the people the water and
most importantly the bagel why not try
to find him a girl here a nice you know
Midwest girl you know a couple couple
states over from from Ohio you could
have a Boston girlfriend so I created
this four step survey do you like
chicken chance love that's where the
scene you know hi Oh fried chicken came
from are you into ice age squirrels
chance looks like the ice age squirrel
so if the girls in the ice age squirrels
they're gonna want a date
do you like tattoos chance has tattoos I
mean he has his own name tattooed on his
hip just in case he ever gets lost her
forgets his own name so I had no
probably the worst tattoo I've ever seen
in my life
Oh God I'm just trying to help chance
I'm just trying to help
do you carry diapers chance mr. poopy
pants likes to poop his pants too his
wife his girlfriend whoever is gonna
need to carry diapers around for let's
see who we can find in Boston that is
willing to date and let's hit it all
right let's get to work I'm trying to
help my best friend find a girlfriend
have a survey you guys like chicken
you're both taking I'm trying to help my
friend uh find a new girlfriend he's
very handsome
somewhat no you look lonely
my best friend is looking for a new
girlfriend I'm trying to find him a
girlfriend same it's a complicated
situation okay bye if it was on Facebook
the status would be complicated do you
like chicken
do you carry diapers around oh no do you
like tattoos not if there were paparazzi
outside would you kiss my friend or
would you save that for private he looks
like an ice age squirrel so would you
kiss him oh my god what's your name
Nicole oh we could call it net we have
one candidate chance this is Nicole if
you're interested I just just text me
back just the best friend helping you
out you can thank me later
do you carry diapers do you like tattoos
do you think the squirrel from ice age
is cute are you in it for the views do
you carry diapers do you want to leave
him do you have good credit would you
drive my friend around if the paparazzi
were outside would you kiss to my best
friend no I'm really really really
starting to think Tessa was the one
posting awkward it's impossible chance I
thought for sure Boston would be the
place but you know maybe you're just
doomed forever it's me he's trying to
find my best friend a girlfriend for
Jake callers as chances best friend and
as in Apollo I can't let my man down the
battles not over yet there's girls
everywhere and I will help you
anyways Austin's great oh and would you
look at that guy's I was literally
randomly walking down the street and
Boston led me here
back to the Halloween store we were here
yesterday trying to get them to put Jake
Paul March in their shop so you don't
saw this shirt I want to see if they
have it I can't believe you guys have
the merch I didn't think you guys were
gonna listen when I told you to put it
in here that's so crazy I mean it is the
hottest merch in the game I don't blame
you okay how you doing the link is in
the description Hester's too though its
hottest halloween march in the game
you're gonna want to get it and also i'm
announcing this contest right now if you
order merch in the next week or so I'm
gonna be picking someone who orders
March to fly out to Los Angeles and
spend Halloween with Savoy my name is
Nick Crompton and also I want to get a
shout out to rob Mendes from Malibu
California
Emma Patton din from Australia and Karen
yeah kita from Valley New York you guys
ordered March yesterday thank you so
much I'm shirtless because it's hot out
I didn't take my shirt off and put it on
the rack oh god I need friends and
chance needs a new girlfriend
my camera sorry for all the
interruptions jerry followers you know I
have a DD is that a butterfly I have bad
a DD and and and there's a lot going on
there's so much to do there's so much to
look at there's so much to see mom
what's going on but now it is time to
get ready for the Forbes event which is
the whole reason why I came to Boston
I'm getting nervous honestly I'm I'm
actually seriously like getting nervous
I don't get nervous a lot but I'm
speaking on stage in front of a thousand
entrepreneurs I'm just a 20 year old kid
like look at me I'm a butterfly
and they want to listen to me like I
mean I would too but you know I'm still
getting nervous it's like what do I wear
where do I put my hands what do I say I
don't know maybe my uber driver can help
me guys I need lots of help
yeah from State Farm come we're in
George stuff you know what to say no
well this should be interesting them
right now we are backstage at the Forbes
event I'm here with my girl what's your
name all right nice to meet you Jake are
you who you need to be a vlogger but
we're backstage at the Forbes event
right now I just made a new friend and
guys I got all dressed up it's big
business Boston Boston bagels you look
handsome really no you look handsome
like the haircut
wait nice pussy shit Jory I love you I
don't know what's going on but yo I got
all my swag on right now let's see how
this goes look mama I made it to Forbes
well what is up people back at the hotel
room and now I am about to call my
parents and tell them that I'm calling
them from jail I'm gonna utilize this
opportunity to use this boss and unknown
number and I'm gonna be like yeah this
is my call from jail please give me the
lawyers please I'm a terrible son
sometimes what should I Sam went to jail
for I'm gonna say I got into a fight all
right okay I'm with all my mom first
mom that's Jake I'm calling from jail oh
yeah no yeah your number was the only
one I like memorize
I got knowing a flight basically yeah
yeah I'm good I like punch the kid in
the face like he was like talking smack
no I did he was he was talking smack
like I know
no that's besides the point mom like I
need help I mean I'm in I'm in jail like
I don't know I've never been to jail
I've never had a girl do I have to come
there are you allowed like all lawyers
all lawyers start looking up their
spirit a boss and David please what
strive to come there why can't you no no
you use like I only have like I only
have like like like 30 seconds left on
the phone can you can you just call
Kevin or someone or they can come and
post bail for me but they took all my
stuff so I don't have like my money on
me but I don't I your number was the
only one that I remembered
oh I have to go to court and stuff in
like a little bit I'm fine timsy got it
on camera to talk about once we handle
getting you out of there oh they're
coming they're coming they're coming
they're coming
all right bye but hey let's go we gotta
go
wrap it up good morning Paris you like
book airfare yeah I feel that I have to
call her on my phone now
mom I got you no no I just do it for fun
I'm sorry mom good morning Panthers
today I'm calling Jake and telling them
I went to jail Oh got you or is it my
mom's I'm actually in jail actually like
this hotel used to be a jail so it's
actually not a prank let's save my dad
to say hopefully I can do this phone
again
it's great not available right now
the mailbox is full and cannot accept
any actually what opposes in jail dad
with Jake Pollard's hold on one second
oh if you haven't already gotten
yourself some of this hot glue all the
way March what you do it we got
sweatshirts all these good items look at
him ah my god and I'm picking one of you
to fly out to Los Angeles to spend
Halloween with you boy if you're
ordering merchandise in the next couple
of days so go while you can and I want
to congratulate the Jake polish because
today we hit over 2.5 billion views when
I say we're screwed assume you made it
so if you aren't already a part of the
family
subscribe button go right now hit it
copy self the High Noon March and
today's post notification shadow goes to
Justin SB Justin thank you so much for
having my post notifications turned on
guys if you want to post out of
occasions how all you got to do is turn
on my post notifications and comment
when you're done son fun hunt one son
none pun e and guys you're not gonna
want to miss tomorrow's episode so uh I
will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bra Jay Paul get it while you
can and beware all the ghosts the jig
get your Halloween
link in the description make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check see you guys
tomorrow
who
