alright I'm not a go onstage for the dog
out of the stage and further people like
this is so cool let me tell you about
Boston Tom Brady is my dad there's a lot
going on look at Jake father's are
coming right now I hope you guys are
having a good day I hope you're smiling
I hope you dab it on the mater's I hope
you're working hard hey get lit guys if
you are new here I'm Jake blind they
just lit every single day bro let me
tell you about that she called me daddy
it's not my vlog anymore where that rule
come from it's crazy what's going on
it's a linen TRO don't raise my dad you
know I love you good morning and let me
catch you up really quick because this
isn't just the start of the day it all
started last clip at night remember in
yesterday's vlog we played the Ouija
board stop I'm not doing this right now
and we decided to play again in a more
haunted spot of the hotel
things got lit roll the clip Jake
ballers we came to the top of the hotel
where it's like haunted and like super
creepy and now have the Ouija board up
here and it's freaking out no tapping
fingers tapping fingers no it's living
flying yes Oh
or stop stop see big VEC tap slower tap
slower so the audience knows that it's
real look look at that it just moves
away from you VC angry
did you see a oh did that just go out
the candle just went out you know show
us physically that you're here no I'm
done by Rijo and then earlier this
morning or usual I had to wake up these
cats over here oh I'm sorry
roll the clip good morning sorry I'm
obsessed with the church I'm going over
Martinez to wake them up Jay Paul style
good morning last night
what like bro make sure the door locks
objectives come here when we're sleeping
video is in the shower
morning what is that it doesn't look
like a neck pillow also Tom Brady is
still standing back there awkwardly
filming everything that we're doing but
then some of you guys actually medicine
our hotel like I said it's the strongest
family out there rolling Jake callers
are out here my girls so we are flipping
here in Boston time to do some big
Boston
Wow hashtag vibes Boston is so beautiful
and now we're taking a stroll in this
big Boston part that's a BB P you ask me
we are enjoying the day and we have a
busy day ahead of us guys and I'm gonna
finally tell you right now why I'm in
hostage so I flew all the way here from
Italy obviously to do some big Boston
business but now I'm gonna tell you what
that business is
son y'all know Forbes it's like the
biggest business publication was like yo
Jake what I do what it do what it do run
it up can you come talk at our
conference and I was like whoa
hold your horses talk to manager keV
talk to agent Joe we'll see if we can
get it figured out a couple minutes
later we got it figured out and so now I
am speaking at the Forbes conference
tomorrow about going viral apparently I
know how to do that but it is the Forbes
30 under 30 conference and I'm under 30
years old so they were like yo let me
invite him out here look mama we made it
to Forbes so that is why I am here I'm a
little bit nervous I have to talk
onstage I don't know what I'm gonna say
I don't know who I am
I don't know what my name is but I'm
still gonna do it I'm still gonna kill
it I'm still gonna do it I'm so reason
why today is so important because
tonight there's a Forbes concert they
got Kendrick Lamar playing they got Zedd
playing and they want me to like host it
or something out of know hold on camera
flip oh that was it go to a double
camera flip I probably look like such a
shot just vlogging away in this egg
Boston Park so we have a big day ahead
of us of having fun getting ready for
this concert thingy majiggy squad is
here hey what's up guys manager keV he's
on the phone doing some big Boston
business I'm not lying you found
someone's wallet what kind of wallet is
it me cheap throw it out no no seriously
we have to return it what's her name
Tifa
now Martinez are you sure you didn't
steal this wallet trouble get yo correct
teeth and we have your wallet please
coming
it's the lost-and-found but we're mainly
just lost in life we don't know where to
go
we're kind of lonely is this any of your
guys's wallet I found it on the ground
in it that's what he said
is this your wallet did you say yes are
you alive
is this any of your guys's wallet but
look at that Sun flare though
excuse me mr. squirrel is this your
wallet hey this is a squirrel yeah
squirrels
speaking of girls chance needs a new one
too soon alright guys so we're gonna be
good Samaritans we couldn't find defend
anywhere but this is her wallet and
we're gonna give it to the police we
roll like this swipe away but actually
though we're gonna be good Samaritans
and give this the police all right so
the Boston police didn't take T friends
wallet so the hunt for the wallet the
hunt for T feminist became even more
real now I'm here with the mom Jake Paul
I don't believe you we got a vlogger
over here what's going on look at this
he is ready to go look at that no you
can headbutt something real fast right
now and vlog it you won't put your head
into that sign what is going up Boston
it's too late we got no your loggers
look at this it's a blog war I've always
got the March - your name is jake i'm
jake from making vlogs the real question
is do you guys have the new halloween
merch what is going on okay guys so I'm
meeting a bunch of dick polish and it is
the first day of fall the first day of
the Halloween month manager keV I'm so
overwhelmed right now I'm just a kid
from Ohio everyone is just like yo
everyone's just like I don't know what
to do but as I was trying to say it is
the first day of fall which means it's
officially the month of Halloween look
what we found a Halloween store you can
get the visa
you guys sell Jake Paul Halloween March
here you don't saw this shirt probably
be the best item in the store hashtag am
i right
you know manager Kevin bro I know you're
on the phone you need to get in there
and you need to tell these people that
they need to sell Jake Paul March these
guys dropped all their Halloween merch
today so we sell a ton of merch online
it would be really awesome to have it
featured in your Boston store how do we
make that happen
patrick has negotiating and also it
turned into a meet-up outside what is
going on party people
oh how fried chicken you know it's crazy
because chance is on the back of these
sweatshirts but he also needs a new girl
thank you for all of your inventions
camera flip yo guys it wouldn't be a
Boston adventure if we didn't go to the
big Boston Bay look at all this hey that
sure is a lot of bay but guys let me
give you a quick history lesson back in
1714 eight nine four they had the Boston
Tea Party right here it was right there
what was it right there now if you don't
know what the Boston Tea Party is you're
just like me I have no idea what it was
or what it is nor do I care that's your
history lesson for today thank you for
attending mr. Paul's the history class
see you tomorrow
now I'm pretty sure at the Boston Tea
Party all that happened was Tom Brady
was playing football with tea and Mark
Wahlberg actually caught it in his mouth
and then the Boston Red Sox came and
there was like four or five people there
and the Sun went down and then someone
got lit and then come Donald Trump was
there - probably most likely there was
definitely a lot of girls there - you
know it's kind of sad because there
still wasn't a new girl for chance the
Boston Tea Party right so it's got taste
like tea the water definitely does it
tastes like tea yeah yeah I told you
there was the Boston Tea Party I don't
know what happened okay kids
remember earlier I was telling about the
Boston Tea Party well for this history
lesson we would like to give you a
demonstration of the new Boston Tea
Party the 2017 edition jet is gonna be
our volunteer for today all right guys
the 2017 edition of the Boston Tea Party
if it was to happen today that means I
like tea parties you got
a penalty that was the worst party I've
ever been to
honestly thank you for attending today's
lessons mr. Paul signing off it's like
the strongest army in the world don't
know
no mr. Paul you know keep on telling you
guys to take it somewhere all right
getting back to our hotel and teeth then
we did not forget about your wallet yeah
you're still gonna return it to you and
thank you for the new wallet it looks
really nice on my wrist if I'm worried
overturn your wallet we just put a
couple of Rolexes
yo Chad needs Jesus
but anyways read our hotel for a little
bit so that was cool and now we are
going to this concert and it's about to
get intense I'm going to say something
hey mom I made it I'm I Forbes I did it
I did it I did it and then we're gonna
fist-pump like this and we're gonna dab
like this and we're gonna rap like is it
me or is it really hot in here
oh the seat heaters on Frank you break
me Brooks the P R Brooks coming in hot
with the P R moves honey I'm already hot
I'm used to being high sometimes I think
I'm like a lukewarm you know what I mean
sometimes I'm sexy sometimes I just look
like an egg we're on our way to this
concert I get to go on stage in front of
everyone I'm a star
alright we're walking into the event I
got my pass look at this it says
talented I'm talented now nobody can say
that I'm not talented I have this badge
mom I made it I also have my pineapples
you ain't get your money well bye-bye
I'll see you later I'm about to go on
stage and introduce zag for the dog out
of the stage and for the people like
it's all about that big Boston business
the concert is still jumping but we got
a grind family but mom I made it to
Forbes tomorrow I am Oh camera flips
speaking on stage at the Forbes event
that's gonna be extra live and Jake
Pollard's don't forget to get yourself
some of the Halloween March over the
next couple of days if you order a piece
of merchants to get flown out to Los
Angeles and spend your Halloween with me
this guy I'm a star mom look we're gonna
eat candy we're gonna do keep tents
stuff it's gonna be lit so if you get
yourself some Halloween merch guys it's
the hottest for like I'm so excited
about this Halloween work today was
awesome thank y'all for coming on this
crazy journey with me of life there's so
much in store there's so much more to
come so if you haven't already specified
join the
family on YouTube and I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's everyday bro jet
polish get it while you can and beware
all the ghosts the jig get your
Halloween my link in the description
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
