wait Logan's here gotta go yeah we gotta
go guys guys what guys what oh hold on
sorry wait have a cute moment
I'm about to get my mom to hide the keys
to the cool bus we're gonna go to
Logan's house infiltrate his house and
steal the cool bus bam stars hamsters
you said we're gonna go off-roading we
are going off-roading look we gotta go
steal the cool bond no I'm not part of
this who's down we'll make it way cooler
yeah good morning Jake fathers what is
your welcome to my life if you new here
my name is Jake ball you guys are the
Jake callers once again welcome to our
life switch a vlog Baltar to get ready
for today's roller coaster right yeah
yeah he comes over and he's like Andy
you just give me the keys baby roll the
clip Andy give me the keys right give me
the key honesty Logan School Bus I'm
trying to get into the cool bus I know
no one knows okay just little siblings
speaking Italian last night Logan was
having a party for a dwarf mambas 21st
birthday guys there's a lot of stuff
going down welcome to our lives like I
said it's the most lit YouTube channel
you guys are the Jay Paul's you know I
love you so much it's the everyday bro
movement fans are that Co backslash Jake
Paul get yourself some of that hottest
design merch in the game that's a fact
and you're a part of today's journey
welcome to the team ten house
that is the squad chief 10 guys welcome
to our last tarik is back and so it's
only appropriate to initiate her back
into the house by throwing her in the
pool I missed you so you throw me in the
pool it's it's a love thing yeah it's
like that's how I floor so now I should
throw you in the pool if I want to play
with you yeah okay three two one family
oh you parked your Jeep in an
interesting position no you gotta jump
it yo yo look at this I'm about to show
you where Annie parked his Jeep but you
know I still can't believe Kate jumped
off of this yesterday that was dope this
is what I'm saying Andy like I know you
want to go off-roading like that's kind
of off bro just jump it yo you won't
stand it off the jump you ow oh my god
bro wheels left the ground that counts
see we're off-roading oh my god yo she
is flying
yo chill chill chill chill
oh I actually need you to come with me
the Logan's house because I really want
to see the cool bus oh I feel like this
is a Family Feud right now I can't play
for both at the same time like a 50s
turn oh no no you're doing it because
otherwise I will lose from this house
forever
Erica jumped my vehicle then I can jump
her Jeep I feel like that's fair
all's fair in love and war man you're in
both mainly war oh no it's locked I know
where she keeps her keys
America constant Acosta oh the camera
what
No
you jumped my vehicle so I jumped you're
beautiful
pick at least one of these girls loved
everything you guys sure that's my oh no
no no don't know give it what I said
she's not looking we hit it again no I
just want to jump in you already
apologized I almost said it again I
missed you so much I missed like
everything you know you were sick I
brought you chocolate don't forget about
that don't forget about the bear as well
so the Jeep thing just like poof they
raised it from your memory yeah never
happened you want to fight that might
need training first up what do you mean
you want to fight you want to fight in
the Octagon I know oh now he's just
faking it what do you mean you don't
even like that Jackie loves to fight
watch out watch out watch out
guys Erica wants to send it with me
driving this is like family bonding and
look who decided to show up he just
wants to be a part of everything well
you're not allowed to come you're not
allowed to come up applause dangerous
Apollo
yeah that's my call me Jake Potter and
also my dad had a heart attack once he's
still alive so kids uh if you have a
heart attack keep on going yo let's go
get this cool
I'm gonna turn the cool bus into a full
bus a full bus our fool with two hours
like not fu ll like an F oh let's go oh
gosh we are almost there guys
Andy apparently said that they're at a
flea market doing some shopping so the
coast should be clear Jake just want to
say hello no no I'm stealing the
brothers don't healing the cool button
no we're not stealing it we're just
borrowing it for a longer period of time
but everybody remember the key to this
is being stealth and being sexy Erica
you handle the sexy part
I'll handle a stealth part why is my
truck here we should take the truck back
while you're at it - I'll Drive the
truck home but we already looks
distracted it's not ready for battle
he's in his car
oh this isn't good there's a car go
take what jet down meet the case you can
take the bus
no I don't know where the keys are
actually if I was Logan Paul where would
I put the keys under your mattress keep
everything for new rap guys you know I
don't know where the I told you to tell
me where the keys are Annie
when I set my mind to something Kate
makes out with your sister on a
day-to-day basis I will give you $5,000
to tell me where the keys are money
can't buy anything come on $20,000 we
don't do this I'll make you pesto pasta
dad if you're actually gonna make me
pasta No yeah there's right by the front
door right
don't even add at you bro yeah dude okay
let's just pause for an Instagram
picture right nose yeah stealing the
cool bus see the battery's dead it means
destiny is telling us it not a cool bus
now it does no there's only one way in
Jake like everything else from the top
I'm always on top baby
have you found some type of trap door
let's just say he's not in yet Wow guys
the battery's dead
we have to jumpstart it not so cool
anymore is it well it looks like they
didn't pimp out the engine yeah
batteries thanks for helping that-
oh I'm trying to start it oh the doors
opening on what are we doing at this
point guys there's literally only one
thing that we can do and that's the
chick which I've died
let's go all right well seconds later
this thing is a pisac I'm going to set
with myself mainly you know this is just
everything went wrong I let down the
viewers I let down everyone at home I
let you shut up it's not over yet
there's no chance there's always there's
always a chance Jake stay calm down
you're having a total there's no chance
wait Logan's here gotta go yeah we gotta
go abort abort Lord before we gotta go
you'll put the store down put that down
everyone relax
Wow I gotta baby but you get a baby Sam
holy market why do you guys ever watch
and you're too young well Erica you
surprised me this morning in Los Angeles
you're crazy I was taking a shower and
brushed my teeth Mother's Day oh I just
want to point something out we're never
like you guys get out of here sorry yeah
we're never just together as a family
bro me too like we're barely ever here
come on get in this yeah yeah take a
picture ready 3 2 1
let's go wait Andy Andy we need your car
guys cap yourself someone hottest merged
in their game fans are a teiko backslash
Jake Paul join the squad
join the team beat the impossible and I
will see y'all tomorrow because it's
every day bro boys join the everyday bro
movement people and calc yourselves some
of the hottest urged in the game go
right now because the shake collars sell
everything out and smash that subscribe
button and join the most lit YouTube
channel on YouTube I'll see you all
tomorrow
