all right come on
I'm doing great listeners we have a lot
going on a lot already happened this
morning but we got an uber to go get
black and he literally was like hold on
stay right here I have to go head and
he's just gone now which is a big
mistake
party guys as you will notice I'm here
with the Martinez twins in chat in
yesterday's vlog I challenged them to
get here to Boston in less than 12 hours
and so apparently they accepted my
challenge flew all the way from Los
Angeles to Boston last night and then
got here this morning roll the clip yo
Jake pizza my nizzle me and the twins
oohs what are twins always turns a twins
twins you want to say yeah hey guys so
we're in Boston and
we have no idea but I would freakin
exhausted I want to go to sleep Jake
pick up your phone and literally try
calling him a hundred times no answer
thanks Jake hope you sleep it well cuz
I'm not tweeting Boston the great man
headed to the location that Jake sent
this to Jake
so we just got to the location it's a
hotel honey this hotel ie if I have to
sleep in the lobby I'm gonna kill you
Jake Paul
just woke up it's 7:30 in the morning I
slept so damn good these sheets are show
not Shi t4 I went to sleep last night
you know I had to get myself some chips
and salsa no I feel good Boston your
aroma your air is so nice I woke up this
morning to like five videos of Chad
being like yeah we're here the thing is
is that they got here like an hour ago
and I was wasn't waking up and they're
texting me ooh sorry the problem is I
didn't even know if they're actually
still coming so I literally think right
now they might be in the lobby just like
sleeping or something camera flip so
let's go check it out and see like it
might be down there real also that
Emilio Yvonne I'm Chad honey Emilio I
just walked out of my room without
getting a key card I was dumb now we're
locked out I can't think right now
Chad I seriously can't find them
anywhere usually three kids walking
around earlier their twenties I've been
here since 7:00 and see
it's raining in the streets of Boston
it's kind of really cold - this is the
first time in the cold in like three
months
Chad was probably like no no no my
friend is sleeping upstairs please let
us see and they were like honey you here
and then we're like nah you're not
coming in so now my friends are lost
we're locked out of the room anyways and
it's raining I still can't see cuz I got
buckets in my eyeball please answer Chad
I'm going in on the hunt I'm using my
jig baller status hoodie as my umbrella
always plug Lincoln by oh I'm gonna find
you guys if I were Chad and the Martinez
twins where would I go I'd go back
inside run I don't I'm going back to my
room here's what I think happened I'm
guessing they came in here he couldn't
get ahold of me and then Chad probably
booked a room for them to stay in so my
thought is get back into my room and
then call the front desk and be like yo
did anyone booked a room under the name
pepper transfer me to the room I don't
know this is gonna work now so they
break back into her room I learned a
couple of tricks back in that day I
should be easy I think this is gonna
work
your mom I it's going great
hi my friends I'll have a reservation
under the name pepper if you could
transfer me to their room he's like Chad
would not be like yo let's book a room
he'd be like nah let's sleep in the
lobby the guest you are trying to reach
is unavailable ah no no this is a good
thing this is I think I'm waking up
everyone in this hotel I'm so sorry you
guys I'm Oh bloggers Jake Paul channel I
can subscribe Mike Hall went through
which I think means that they're here in
a room yeah fine me leo fine
No then I wouldn't make it now you boys
make it I don't know this was really not
always like two months yeah
damn Oh yo give me a hug okay I haven't
seen you in so long
hi Jake did you miss me yeah I just
broke in you don't have to hide my you
already got them again I'm not gonna do
anything
sting my boy is put on is Jacob Paul
March wait these are new yeah I don't
even think I have that yeah
Boston squad is here TeamTennis here now
they got the merch on the link is in the
bio this flipping clock is moving look
at it like I just I guess I don't think
like that my adsense is just so high I'm
done link is in the bio for those new
sweatshirts thingies those shirts so now
we are here in Boston with the boys
being patient yeah being handsome boys
your feet oh it was good whoa whoa will
you take us to get some bagels I hope
you guys are walking here I hope you're
dabbing on the Nader's we do MySpace oh
you got the automatic doors
yo it's raining Boston we should get
Boston jerseys yah go away rain I can't
see anything
Oh sliding those beams like
so we came up in here we got them big
boston bagels just spent $100 on them
bagels hits the bagel dance it's a bagel
dance
oh when I told you we were getting
bagels yeah there's only like four
people over here yeah thank you guys so
much I want to give you a round of
applause do you guys need any help back
there I specialize in bagels this is my
friend Emilio bob is that Yvonne no
Amelia Amelia oh this is my friend
Emilio he's single oh I ripped my pants
oh no I am so sorry
I've been eating too many bagels lately
I need to lay off the bagels all right
so we got our bagels hashtag big boston
bagel that's mac and cheese anyway you
are now on the journey with us today is
gonna be awesome the goal is to conquer
boston hashtag boston go Patriots Tom
Brady so sexy he's really sexy guy not
as sexy as a Yvonne I'm talking about
conquer in Boston I'm talking about
meeting Mike Wahlberg I'm talking about
everything I'm talking about the whole
big boss in business you already know
the game run the squirrel I have
breaking breaking news you remember how
I talked about chance and Tessa all the
time and how chance might have a new
girlfriend well it is confirmed but the
good the paparazzi caught him making out
with this girl outside of the tube
penthouse roll the clip daddy without
any further ado let's conquer bye guys
thank you so much for the bagels follow
me on instagram at Jay Paul so we're
back on the screen people in Boston are
really nice what it is raining outside
which reminds me of my rain bro merch
that was an exclusive drop I don't know
if you guys remember I love doing them
exclusive job so get it in on the next
one if you can well we're in Boston
those bagels were popping in Boston and
I was doing my dreidel dance I've ripped
my pants I can't even believe it look at
this also check that out that
an umbrella but it's also clear at the
same time you can still be rainy but you
can still see every big Boston umbrellas
I'm tiptoeing in the streets because I
got my Gucci shoes on them Gucci
pineapples I got a pen
I got a pineapple pen pineapple apple
please come under there thank you what's
your name I'm just a date anyway so now
we are on a mission to get myself some
new pants
no there was a boat driving down the
street in Boston now that's a big Boston
but God is that getting all the hell no
excuse me sir those are some nice pants
where did you get those I have them
online
ah I like those pants where did you get
them oh sorry my friend he doesn't Hey
hi sorry my friends are from Spain
they've never seen an American flag
before look at can you give him the visa
I go to China yo do you work here I do
do you know where the pants are yeah
sexy I ripped my pants I was doing the
bagel damn things get lit when you're a
vlogger oh yes so now we are in the mall
we definitely followed the right guy he
was the guy with the red sweatshirt we
said yell where are your pants I'm still
on the lookout for Tom Brady have you
seen Tom Brady if you guys seen Tom
Brady no one's seen Tom Brady nope no
one and I still need some sexy pants
like these are some sexy dance guys and
they need to match by Gucci pineapples
Penn pineapple apple it's such a big
selection yo I think it'll match yo
these are some big Boston pants yo look
at all these people yo bro I feel like
Faust
is the moon Jake Paul is a month to
create a contest scuse me sorry sorry
sorry Ron it's Ron Ron yo these are the
moon yo yo these are late oh my god
I get so many squats bagel dance bagel
dance if you're in Boston yo I don't
even know what mall we're at but I'm
gonna put these pants somewhere hold on
so we're at the Prudential Center and
I'm not the stuff these pants and we're
for you guys to find it if you guys find
these pants you have to tweet me them
Instagram it to me I needed to see
someone with these pants make a video
about it whatever whatever put these
somewhere I found out where I'm gonna
hide it
they're hitting up there Saks Fifth
Avenue
use the hashtag hunt for the pants good
luck boss dinners anyways when you're in
Boston you got to get a Boston hat look
at this nice little lady selling Boston
hat yeah buy it
it's a Harvard hat Chad's gonna get a
Harvard hat honestly might be the
dumbest kid I know but uh whew where's
the Harvard had at school I'm so sorry I
always ruin everything I do
hi I'm Steve so I played baseball for
the Boston Red Sox Tom Brady is that you
keep them up Disney challenge kicking
out of stores I can't go anyway Paul
Joseph Paul don't you fucking call me by
my middle name Jeb you're a fan of his
aardvark do you still watch it now on
him off the show hmm Tom Brady look at
how beautiful he is he's so beautiful
yeah yeah we're in Boston and I found a
big Boston hat no that doesn't that's a
big Boston hat Boston I love you baby
and would you look at this that's a big
Boston martini calm down honey it's only
noon Johnny was Johnny was what I
welcomed over some I don't know you know
what you got a big Boston accent that's
my dog that's my guy your kid your kids
a legend he's a legend hey how are you
oh my god oh my god alright
I might steal your girl just kidding ah
it's a joke I'm gonna have a wife I have
a wife five away now we're at the yogurt
store I'm a joker twerker now hey guys
yo yo yogurt bring it up bring it up
Boston yogurt come on this is my girl yo
you want some yogurt step on up kid this
is some big Boston yogurt so we're back
on the streets of Boston and now we're
still looking for Mark Wahlberg we're
still finding big Boston things for yo
check this out Penn's line Apple Apple
pen now sing it with me and pineapple
apple and pineapple Casey nice dad is
that you
okay all right what's up my way I like
your smile we're going to the wall
burgers which I we're trying to find
Mark Wahlberg do you like me I love you
and we are here mark
apparently this is his restaurant so
he's got to be in here am i right is
Mark Wahlberg here where is he tell me
where mark is yeah Wahlburgers season
six all right so we're basically doing
everything you can do in Boston on a
rainy day
basically the hotel that we are staying
at is a haunted jail it used to be a
jail now turned into a hotel kind of
really creepy hold on had to hit him
with the camera flip really fast the
jail is from 1853 people have probably
gotten stabbed killed died in there so I
thought it'd be a good idea to play a
Ouija board inside of there no I really
think we need to get chance a new
girlfriend it's like how do you tell
your best friend that like the girl that
you're with is like you know I mean
Jesus Christ
you just broke that yo are you good bro
like I said Boston is alliteration and
you just got a witness the litmus and
we're still looking for this Ouija board
I have an announcement to make
mr. what you can do here attention all
shoppers attention all shoppers the Jake
callers are here and the Jake Doyle if
you want to catch the new status hoodie
the link just so everyone on YouTube and
the Jake ballers know I was uh nominated
yes I was actually voted as one of the
most under the age of 21 so Thank You
Jake followers everyone who who made
that happen
bellboy look at this guy this guy has
got swag look at the Yeller oh he's dead
yo he's dead no he's do you good room
that's a big Boston hot dog right there
what are you doing are you able to tell
the security to LIKE and subscribe we
actually need to buy a Ouija board
though if you're gonna see your dad is
that you
now Santa Claus is picking us up we're
getting kicked out I'm here with the
security guard hi guys Santa that was a
big Boston store but they didn't have a
Ouija board Santa's still following me
you've been a naughty boy Jake so we get
out onto the streets I still haven't
told you guys I mean why I'm in Boston
haha - but I'm walking in the streets
and I see this you know I'm really
starting to miss Los Angeles really
starting to miss blood shark baby but
I'm gonna be back soon I'm gonna help
chance get a new girlfriend I'm gonna
move into a new house hi y'all Boston is
lit okay kids if they don't have
something for you in life you gotta make
it you've got to take you've gotta get
big Boston Ouija board so right now
we're about to make our own damn Ouija
board because target was trying to lock
us up free jakey so we got the supplies
to make our homemade Ouija board and
we're gonna go to the hunt
Hotel which was once a jail yo what's up
my man do you think he's cute I also
have a friend named chance too if ya
ever seen the movie Ice Age yeah a
little squirrel he looks like that you
wanna date him just hit let me know how
I'll call you on the uber app ok squads
are back at to the hotel and you could
see kind of how it's like a jail look
these were like all like the sellers and
like stuff like that the open courthouse
area over here you can see they still
have like some of the cells and stuff
into here that's we cheap are 20 minutes
late down hi guys so we're back at the
hotel room they didn't have a Ouija
board so we're gonna make our own and
this like I said is a haunted hotel that
used to be a jail it's just like creepy
as hell why do I have to play okay my
brother told me one thing in life in
this one thing he told me don't ever
play Ouija we're using a protractor as
twins cos should play cos I thought you
yeah you guys are cute two twin spider
wouldn't let's see that three circles
show with the fingers Jojo
so you have you guys are too heavy Luigi
are you there
that's emerged no we literally thought
you were a ghost bro is this the
Halloween mark now we're not done
playing yet manager kept came in with
the hot new words war the Halloween
merge oh my gosh yo guys I spent so much
time designing this you know check out
this it says asks me about my Halloween
costume oh you want to see my Halloween
good is it available now it's up yeah so
you need to go get yourself this
Halloween yo look at this we got all
different colors guys there's also like
sweatshirts and stuff too like buh buh
buh buh buh check all that stuff out I
know this is like weird time because
we're playing the Ouija board there's
also like pumpkin carving face things
that you can get of all the team ten
members there's also like Halloween bags
that you guys can put your candy we got
the full Halloween setup guys you might
not have known this but literally it's
October 1st tomorrow
and so like you guys need to start
getting into those Halloween vibes you
don't say kid yourself that jake plummer
killing the March game sorry Jake
Pollard's for the commercial
interruption but I just wanna let you
guys know about the hottest merch in the
game I think the Halloween merch is
gonna sell like hotcakes so go down to
the description right now and get it
before all the other Jake callers get it
there's only gonna be a limited quantity
and I don't want it to run out there's
the full lineup and some of the stuff is
like glow-in-the-dark
it's Halloween galore guys so let's get
back to the Ouija board and hopefully we
don't have more ghosts knocking on the
door yo man so you play with a Ouija
board before you stop being a little no
wait Jake I'm talking to my brother here
all right come on chance
I put your fingers back on I we G are
you there
maybe they don't know how to use this
thing maybe it's like an iPhone or
something for them if you're there who
is my dad no stop no stop white the t o
M G are you there I told you this
whenever we're like tapping their
fingers that's when it's real and you
guys could see oh stop I'm not doing
this right now she's where you got none
doing by not doing this tired breathing
bro I'm not doing this right now were
you in jail here ha ha ha
stop I'm done I'm done where were it
your ability from the each field fuck
off cap just like flew over there you
see that cap right there Nick your two
fingers bro it doesn't matter bro
I'll be haunted any day of the week I
don't care I'll just be like this all
right Jake fathers today was so much fun
thank you all for watching join the
strongest family on YouTube cop self
some others hot new Big Momma Halloween
merge baby happy Halloween and I hope
you guys have an awesome October full of
fun full of candy there's merch for days
guys cop it while you can if you haven't
already smashed a button join the big
ballers family and I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's every day bro
Boosh
Jake Pollard's wet stop and check out
this new merch
that marches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
