talk to a representative they basically
said that they're sorry in my house
every single day bro good morning Jake
parlors what school cheapest y'all how
are y'all doing oh by the breath it's
okay because today is gonna be awesome
right now I am in a little leave Oh
where'd you go he's gone I lost them we
got a lot going on I want to make sure
you guys are smiling I want to make sure
you guys are working on I want to make
sure you throw a chair and I want to
make sure you're dabbing huh look I'm a
kangaroo
look I'm a king as yesterday was
absolutely insane my brother went to
jail I don't even know what's going on
there free roam free Logan we explored
all around Rome also Stan I am so sorry
for throwing your chair buddy need to
edit and Stan's envied some pictures
that we took last night there are lit
check about besides Stan a rest of the
squad flippin left and now you're
probably like yo Jake why aren't you
with them what is going on well people I
got some business to handle yeah and
what I'm talking about business I'm
talking about things like manager keV
I'm talking about things like agent Joe
I'm talking big March big things big
stuff is going down it's team ten with a
hell of flipping you so without any
further ado let's slip into that so I'm
all packed up got to Jake Paul March in
the suitcase always plug got the Gucci
backpack of gucci tattoo
got all my camera quit because I'm a
blogger bro like it subscribe and we
basically destroyed this room likeliness
what is that there's stuff everywhere
there's sheets everywhere guys who wants
a sheet just take a seat buddy it's a
beautiful day here in Rome check this
view out apparently we're locked in the
room what the Sheep oh my gosh
call me spider jakey look at this oh my
gosh oh I can already see the Instagram
post having so much fun in Rome
hashtag views excellent actually I gotta
go I got business to take care of why
watch then what no I'm not gonna take
this basic guy's picture I know I'm
basic I have Gucci shorts on and stuff
but not that basic I just take bootiful
am i right but seriously Stan my guy I'm
calling an uber he's like one minute
away cuz I got to go hate to leave you
all by yourself I'm probably won't see
you for a while but the next time I see
you I'm probably gonna blow up for your
car if you have another one just saying
anyway so I'll put this sheet away I got
a lot of shit to do put a shirt up now I
got a shirt on and it's time to conquer
Oh God I'm sort of like over for Jake
Jake the chod steak from State Farm I'm
wearing Gucci shorts not khakis yeah
Jake Paulus you are now with me on my
journey to I like Rome they arrested my
brothers up my brother went to jail
though so that was I mean it was dope it
was dope he's a thug I mean he was in
there for like two hours for flying a
drone so I go hi old gang type of stuff
you only
we turned Italy into literally you know
what I mean no no no in Jake Pollard's I
know that you probably hate me right now
because I'm not telling you where I'm
going and I'm going I have a lot of
things to do because there's a really
awesome place but enough talk about
instead we should talk about how much
fun
Italy was it was seriously a roller
coaster of events jumping into pools not
getting Lamborghinis jumping into the
Venice canals my brother getting a
that the list goes on but Italy I have
one thing left to say ciao that means
goodbye and also guys I have some
updates for you last night Lamborghini
called me I have to think more about it
so I think I'm gonna make my decision
later in today's vlog stay tuned
y'all have you ever seen the movie
spider Jake and the kid is an actor bro
the kid actually used to be on Disney
Channel anyways we don't even have to
get into that
I'm just was bored back here you know
I'm saying that's by maurizio right I'll
see you all have a good day okay boys
laughs whenever I tickle him and goodbye
to Italy and here we come Boston there's
more military people right here he does
not look happy now I know why they took
brother Loki but guys there's a lot
going down in this Airport I don't even
know where I am I can't read any of the
signs I need an D into missing me Kimmy
Kimmy baby heavy calluses up under Dona
ji again geez look at that dog named
they put them in the monopoly material
but I gotta break basically I have no
idea what is going down and I got lost
which is why I'm running right now and
they tell me a motor Bella see see see
we're gonna be late ride little one
thing that I do know that is going on
here's some big business check this out
guys you already know your boy is in
that business class what it do I told
you I am doing business I made it onto
the flight house I hate whenever I'm
walking like this because my hair looks
like that'll jump one China man think I
telescope things lit made it to my seat
and vlog the whole entire thing
unfortunately we are leaving Italy right
now I'm leaving Italy right now and
Logan already left no longer little ease
just Italy three hours later you know
it's a couple hours later guys I took a
nap I had to get my booty sniff you know
I'm saying but business class hooked it
up let me tell you what's going on here
got some sheets which I really don't
give a shit bout but doing no no oh I
don't know my name
okay and then you'll check this out
the rooster to think that I need more
friends but this is fun
you know but anyways we are almost in I
love these you guys you don't know where
I'm going but it's gonna be the truest
major yo guys I learned just landed here
in and I like hop off the top of the
plane I'm like vlogging I'm like yo stop
that block what's going down I'm a
vlogger it's everyday bro I hit him with
a camera flip and all the sudden I'm
like literally sitting there and like
three cops just come up and I like grab
my camera and I like you can't film here
it's just like international customs
border bla bla bla bla bla bla and I was
like yo chill everyone chill out
everyone I'm just a vlogger bro I'm just
a vlogger then they took all of my bags
and stuff I pull out my phone they
snatched my phone I'm like these guys
are good they're trained they're trained
but I'm trained even more little do they
know that I got the GoPro back start
rolling on that how was recording that
for like 15 minutes while they were
searching through all my stuff like hey
let us search your backpack I was like
yo no no you don't need to search the
bag right no it's fine they open up the
backpack and the guy the GoPro footage
was like filming right at this guy's
face and I was like yeah there you got
mate these guys are good and so they got
even more pissed took that deleted the
footage from that and now I have no
proof but I am here guys and I'm going
to tell you where I finally am it
doesn't really matter it's not like a
huge thing but I'm here for something
really really really awesome my uber
drivers here hello
yeah yeah I'm a vlogger yeah guys I'm
here in Boston yes for some ppb big
pasta business okay guys we're still on
this journey I still have to tell you
about what happened with the Lamborghini
oh my god my life I still have to update
you on the Lamborghini situation but and
also kind of pissed because Kyrie Irving
left Cleveland to come here not a big
deal but I'm pretty salty about that oh
boy Kenny hey what's good yo that's what
I say what's go Chee okay well Kenny and
I are gonna become best friends and I'll
see you guys hey Kenny and I became best
friends and right now I'm in my hotel
room right now and officially in Boston
now I'm not gonna tell you specifically
why I am here yet but just know it's
about to be lit and I came in here and I
was like you know they got a lot of
sheets I still don't really give a sheet
but I have some sheet to do and I came
up with this idea to challenge members
of team 10 I was like I'm lonely here
right like look at me all alone in this
room I'm lonely I'm simply just lonely
and so I thought it'd be a good idea to
like call up team ten members and see
which of them would be down for the
Boston adventure I'm gonna be here for a
couple of days and so I need some homies
I want to try and get like like one or
two people from keep ten here first up
the person who I thought would be the
most down is Chad I'm gonna say please
come Chad Chad please answer hi
ah funny question
I have a challenge for you I want to see
it figured out basically what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna send you my location
over the text message no no no I'm in
the United States I'm gonna send you my
location and you have to try and get
here within 12 hours I'll send it to you
okay but send my current location
yo yo yo yes I have the best idea I'm
gonna try and get one of the Martinez
twins to come
I didn't do it yeah come on who's this
guy right here that I'm a blogger you
come here a lot all right love ya you're
gonna bring them I'm down bro one tears
I was just gonna call them bro this just
turned into alliteration let me tell you
this chat its alliteration I'm freaking
out I don't know tomorrow we're gonna
wake up holding each other
all right bye-bye
so lid Joe well he didn't answer
hopefully Chad convinces them to be down
which brings me to my next point
downtown frowned Wow clowns are blue the
Lamborghini I was gonna get was blue it
to him that was actually good I
connected all the dots and I had no idea
where I was going or what I was doing
this is a remote I talked through a
representative of Lamborghini on the
phone and I have my decision gosh I feel
like LeBron James right now when he made
the decision to go from the casdim amir
here's like i'm taking my talents to
South Beach but anyways guys I talked to
a representative at Lamborghini and then
also a couple of the factory like
workers I guess that work on the
assembly line reached out to me and
apologized I got on behalf of their
other employees and they're like yeah
that I can treat people rudely all the
time
I don't flip and get it I talked to a
bunch of car people I'm in this like car
group chat I talked to my boy Andy for
sella which like I don't know if you
remember but he was the one that gave me
the Lamborghini to break prank Logan in
the first place and they were just like
yeah that's like the way that they're
treating people and I was like okay
well they're not that nice to people and
you know we came all the way to Italy to
get the car whatever they wouldn't let
me even like take a photo with it and
then they were just like rude about the
whole entire thing I were missing the
point I had to like really realize the
reason why I love that car and it's
because it's beautiful I've wanted a
Lamborghini since I was a kid and it's
because it's one of the fastest cars
that oh it's the fastest car that's ever
been made by Lamborghini but it's one of
the fastest cars like top three in the
world hands down in any situation that
you put it in and you know the Jake
Pollock we're always trying to be the
best we're always dabbing on the mater's
we always got to have the best the most
flashy the fastest Veloce kids it's not
a game talk to a representative they
basically said that they're sorry in my
content nice of a way they apologized
for the other people that were there the
employees the people who mistreated us
and it was like a somewhat decent
conversation but I'm just glad that they
did reach out they saw my video and they
did want to make the situation better so
I'm like 99.9% positive which I'm stoked
about like I love cars you know I love
cars that's why I work on a day-to-day
basis and you guys should be setting
goals for yourself too and be like yo
this is what I want to have one day and
I'm good and so for me that was a
Lamborghini like that and I'm gonna go
fast I want to go fast boom boom boom so
I asked them when the Lamborghini would
be able to get to the United States and
they said that it would take like two to
three weeks so I might actually have a
new Lamborghini back in Los Angeles very
very very soon we're also still working
on the new house I am stoked about it I
miss everyone at team 10 I miss Jerrica
but apparently chad and the martinez
wins hopefully I know Chad's gonna come
hopefully the Martinez twins show up
tomorrow and we are in Boston doing big
Boston business you already know how I
do it I've never been to the city before
I have no idea what to expect the vlogs
are gonna be so much fun you guys are
the strongest family on YouTube the
strongest team on YouTube I love you
guys thank you for supporting me on a
day-to-day basis I don't say enough and
if you are already a part of the Jake
Paula family throwing it now smash
that's
but keep up with the journey cuz
everyday bro you need to calm yourself
that no March baby
I'm always plugging but guys it's so
true like the March that I created in
that I've put so much time effort and
energy into creating is truly so
meaningful to me because it's like
representing everything that I live for
working hard grinding every day smiling
every day not letting people drag you
down and all at the same time being sexy
as she soaked up yourself some hot new
March the link is in the description go
now while you can before the supplies
the stock to the t-shirts the
sweatshirts all that good stuff run out
and I will see y'all tomorrow hopefully
with team ten here it's every day bro
peace
Jake Pollard's west pop and check out
this new March that merch is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check see you guys tomorrow
whoo
