it's in the bathroom Logan's in the back
of the cop car I like this is not even
joke like I'm 20 how old are you you
have enough fine don't do these anymore
I am five no don't do this this is my
dad this is my dad this is my joking
with you
me I'm just saying he's my dad you don't
do these things this is my dad I'm five
okay don't do this anymore
one time I jumped off the building what
an intro good morning Jake Pollard's
how's your day going you hear that what
is going out party people currently we
are in a room and again you know that's
how I like to start my morning who needs
coffee when you get some against my new
dad and kids are people tell you you
can't do something you do it again
that's right
there tell me go I thought spinning
doors are for going around in circles in
people say act your age not your shoe
size I'm like yo my shoes are only size
two currently we are in a room this
place is beautiful what this morning is
where it all went down roll the clip
it's 6:00 a.m. right now we're Florence
Lily oh why we're right I'm tired man
all this challenges got me messed up and
I hate the morning I just want to sleep
anyways guys we flippin killed Florence
I'm talking jump enough roofs I'm
talking about going Veloce latte I'm
talking about making wine in the whites
bar I broke my foot in half we found a
twin Logan Paul what whoa and now it is
time to flip and go to Rome know what's
gonna happen there but I do know about
the same when in Rome baby not any
further ado let's hear their ready
who knew they had stripper poles on
trains in little e
now we are ready to conquer still roam
in the streets still Lambo list no still
missing team tan chance Anantha if
you're watching this I missed the trio
we're rolling up I miss you guys too I
know it would be for people if I miss
you guys but like I so miss you guys see
you if that calls for anything but the
squad is here and they molesta hashtag
power couple goals am i right oh my god
it's time to have some fun because one
in room you gotta get and now it is time
to slip and kill the game guys because
when in Rome you gotta get what that was
lit hashtag literally I mean just look
at this archway you know how hard it is
to get an arch like that it really
almost broke my back and almost showed
my crack what's up Papa Paul crack stood
up what's funny about this whole entire
situation is that I think Logan is like
still really mad because yesterday hello
again hi yesterday I ripped the merch
off of his back sorry
so I'm gonna continue to mess with him
today I don't know I'm in the mood I'm
in the zone I'm feeling myself
Logan's already mad at me I want to piss
them off some more
look at this neck from yesterday how's
breakfast you don't have any nervous do
ya you're sweet you're sweet guy
this is Mack he's gonna be our driver
for the day he's gonna drive us all
around the room he also has a gun if you
want to mess with us and just in case
max doesn't take you out I got a gun too
so loud every time it's an ar-15 and it
doesn't play nice you know what the hell
Erica's here you made it again come here
mama me up ma believe me we're eating
breakfast guys and I found Erica erica
you keep on showing up in your so Andy's
got some news for me I don't know what's
going down you need to leave there's
pickpocketers there any clock it up
every day bro every minute no that is
why I got these Gucci shorts Gucci mom I
made it they thought cool I'm gonna sip
everything up baby zip on that Mavis
yeah
so there's actually pickpocketers
everywhere so I'm sipping up my pants
and now maxi the taxi Oh will you shoot
someone if they mess with us yeah what's
they that's a yes
literally there's so much copyright
claims going on right now music snaps oh
look at where we are Oh sneak peek I'm
not gonna show you all of it we are at
the Coliseum this was built thousands
and thousands and thousands of years ago
okay okay I'll give you another sneak
peek but guys I want to update you on a
situation remember this morning when I
was doing the intro of my vlog we roll
the clip don't do these are basically we
tried to go back to the hotel and we are
kicked out oopsies so yeah we no longer
have a place to stay what are we doing
man they're so strict but right now we
are here look at this thing can you see
this thing Logan do you see this bull
I'm colorblind but yeah I see it yeah
yeah so they build these things just so
that when they'd win those battles those
battles out there they'd ride through
them they just build them and they write
through them then they're done then they
sit here so they build these things and
then ride a horse through them just
because they want a war Jesus Christ we
need to have more lit things for when we
hit big subscriber marks speaking of
which of the Jake Pollard's at 11
million talk about 7-eleven talk about
biscuits talk about free Gatorade I
don't know what I'm saying look at this
watch this one I call this one the Paul
Burke call me Steven Paul Burke but guys
actually this Colosseum is like actually
beautiful and also they have these fries
egg with you there's not how that works
yeah you just just don't you just drive
it are you calling the police get out my
name is Jeff run couple goals uncle Kade
get that shot I know you love marriage -
this stone apparently has been here for
2,000 years I haven't even been here for
21 years and he was getting pissed off
because why fake news Nate this is fake
stone that hasn't been here for two
thousand years fake stone real stone
that ain't on your Twitter that ain't on
your in stuff
of course y'all Logan she's got the
March on Lincoln bio if you know what I
mean five minutes later we have a still
what's up bro is that much Logan he's
still got my March I need you to step
your game up speaking of Logan we lost
him it is the dilemma right now I'm
looking for a charge has anybody seen my
brother have you seen my brother Logan
have you seen them anyone have anyone
have you seen my brother login now have
you seen my brother loved it oh my gosh
why do you look so sad you're the source
looks so sad I feel so bad have you seen
my brother I just saw your brother Logan
wait what I just look at you in that way
wait actually yeah
where does that check into the snapshots
yeah yo why do you have my merge though
now I'm lost I'm go Kay so I couldn't
find Logan but yo now it is time to give
you the best the most portable I love
booty the most beautiful view of the
Coliseum uncle Kaede and I have dual
drones ready turn em in their mouth
these shots are gonna be dope bro roll
it
yo guys we were flying these drones how
sick were those shots and then all of a
sudden I see on my group chat little
thingy that we have for literally that
Brendon Logan and them got their drones
confiscated and are sitting by the
military and like are getting arrested
right now I don't know what's going on I
landed my drone I really want to see
Logan get arrested Perry that you where
is he go go go hey there he is there he
is they got them works back there I
already know I need to find my brother
can I take your scooter ok he said yes
room for one more
here goes nothing Jesus it's a sketch uh
ok maybe this is it you just walk ok
I'll walk ok I'm going to find Logan ok
Jake watch the traffic Jake Logan is
that lo here is Logan in there get in
there
this thing feels like it's gonna die I'm
literally in the middle of the street oh
yeah I might have to bail him out
apparently they were droning and you're
all out of drone here we did but they
got their drone taking Logan's in the
back of the cop car I like this is not
even a joke like I've been trying to
find him I can't police got me in Italy
he said I'm in a savage I'm in the
backseat spittin bars that's rough boy
if you're gonna go out you got to go out
spittin bars you got that Donald Trump
here right now don't even really care
though what happened they took Logan and
the drone arrested at first they were
taking selfies with him and then they
arrested him do you blog it yeah
actually yeah right now wait you got
arrest occurs of the drone shots we
still got ours though yeah my brother is
arrested in literally which makes it no
longer little you it makes it Italy and
we gotta go get him right now what is
going down my man Andy why would you get
arrested over a drone shot you know the
plan so they arrested him right now Andy
is talking to them I think he's trying
to figure out where he's gonna go oh
wait they're looking at me now
in late
I'm Billy dating you know they're about
to arrest me they're about the rest okay
guys so Jake gave me his memory card to
his camera he kept his camera but he
slipped me his memory card before he
went away so I went across the street to
try to get a better vantage point of
this Jake is over there police and
military right now right behind the red
shirt walking is jake and andy with
police and military
that's brennan and sheikh right there i
almost got arrested all he wanted was a
pop tag which I don't blame him because
the Jake Pollard's are the strongest
army out there and if you get a pop that
you instantly girl like at least 500k in
its three I'm just saying so if you're
not a part of the Jay Paul family join
it right now smash that subscribe button
look who showed up we have the whole
squad right now except for Logan Logan
if they want the person find the drone I
told him it wasn't mine am i under
arrest or Andy can you come help me
bounce his location
Logan's pissed you know we need to come
get them out guys they're so strict in
Italy about everything you film I don't
get it I don't get it
freeloading freeloading hey I'm going
baby you're going in going free Logie
this is for the Paul brothers I can't
blog without them go get em Andy this is
the police station right there I don't
know how close I can get because
obviously they're super strict about
filming well while I wait for Logan he
is right inside there that's the police
station hopefully he walks out soon Andy
is still inside they're probably trying
to negotiate but I figured I'd get
myself a nice ice-cream cone you know
I'm saying you know what I'm saying
right hey hey your brother getting
arrested isn't that bad after all
yeah I just walked out yo he made it out
free Logan free my boy
When in Rome kids camera flip don't get
arrested let me tell you an absolute
fact right now being a vlogger is the
new mafia the cops are coming for you
people trying to stop you people don't
want you to vlog is the new mafia mafia
vlog damn
bender bender bender bender do they have
an alpha Frappuccino oh yeah the other
I'll puff wrap like a macchiato
they don't have macchiato latte oh my
god we don't know anymore
everything Starbucks what do you mean
where's the Wi-Fi Oh cafe table 14 what
is that oh this is some of the best
coffee in the world
Becky and I are on the same page it's
like what is that some of the best
coffee in entire world I'm like a log in
again
joke's on you I love sugar
all right guys we're still mommy around
Italy and it just came to me that I
forgot to tell you or remind you about
who stan is and why he is here so if you
don't remember Stan first of all you
need to join the jig Paulo family like
and subscribe many vlogs ago I blew up
his car
are you still salty will always be man
sorry Stan sorry buddy okay I'll buy
your new car one day speaking of
Lamborghini Paul I told them I was like
yo if you don't apologize to me by the
end of the day then I can't do it I've
given them 72 hours to literally write
an email that's like hey Jake I'm sorry
and our apologies
so guys I'll probably have an update on
that tomorrow but it's gonna really be a
true test of Lamborghinis character and
who they are as a company we'll see ha
after running around all flipping day
and after we got kicked out of our hotel
we had to get a new one we moved our
bags everywhere but it is time to say
goodbye to Andi thank you so much we
will be back people yo literally without
literally gonna be lost without you like
literally like you know how people say
I'm lost without you before you leave
any I need to know I need to know a
couple of words how do you say hi
konnichiwa how do you say thank you
that's it and which way is the food and
he doesn't know whoa ed we're here in
our hotel room when in Rome you must
wear that one and jumper bed we had
places to be if you haven't already
joined the J Paula family smash that
subscribe button cut yourself the
hottest march in the game
and the link is in the bio guys go Raya
can we're selling out of a couple of
items uh right so we are in Rome having
fun and I will see y'all tomorrow
because every day bro
Jake Pollard's what's poppin check out
this new March that marches hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it see you guys tomorrow
oops
