I'm sorry guys you have no idea how long
I've been waiting for this from the roof
how's your sleep buddy
anyways good morning chick polish how
y'all doing that was not supposed to be
a lot sexier I'm working on my pool
exits but uh you know I've been also
working on that Dunkin Donuts or was it
I don't know I've done a brandy with
Dunkin Donuts that wasn't one thank you
for the clarification Logan we are still
in Florence Italy and what we're jumping
off roofs we're doing history knowledge
because we're trying to buy Lamborghinis
now we're smashing grapes to make wine
we're eating the best Italian for mummy
and if you're new here I'm Jake Paul and
it's lit every single day bro let me
tell you about that today is already off
to a flippin great start and he's in the
building say what's up like that
Italians and the grapes are ready to be
stopped look at this guy's we're making
wine moist but kids we're making wine
but stop whining funny dizzy jokes no no
no no no not again I've gotta find a
lamby
oh no not again hold on take two of my
sexy exit
that hole in my head less Donuts right
it was good kind of sexy I do want to
say good morning to all of you guys I
hope you're smiling I hope you're
working hard I hope you're dabbing on
them haters and a couple of updates
Lamborghini still hasn't called me back
screw Dwayne Wade is going through the
Cavs
oh that is less thousand seven baby you
already know today is a good day and I
need a coffee
Oh anyways guys gotta get that coffee
and uh Italy is amazing today is about
to be lit last night I had this like
insane dream it's really about to go
down today listen up ah what is party
people yeah so you are here with me now
and like I just said I had a dream last
night an epiphany a realization it's
that I am NOT able to leave Italy
without buying a car without going fast
I literally have Veloce which means fast
in Italian tattooed on my leg I haven't
been home to the team tent house in two
weeks I've been traveling all over the
country I am NOT able to leave without
flipping getting the car guys and so
I've actually been spending all morning
researching what Italian beast of a car
I can get and I think I found one
I'm not gonna tell you what kind of car
it is and I don't know how hard it's
gonna be to get this car right now I
need to go fast and this thing is a
piece Lamborghini put me in a tough spot
when I'm in a tough spot I come out like
a flipping wheel dickheads here on the
Jake baller channel only w's broke so I
have an address I don't know how I'm
gonna get there I really don't know
what's going on but let's slip in get an
Italian stallion vehicle
alright squad so we are on our way to go
get this car I got my girl rose and I
got Indy how do you say it Logan
I'm BAE who is going to translate for us
to try and buy this car buddy Boppity
clearly he's a translator and we have a
couple of problems the whole entire
morning we spent trying to find this car
we were making calls we were jumping off
a roof and then they roll the clip
cesium enema you know he was like oh I'm
in Milan I can't do this and I said oh
can give like a friend or somebody like
why can't I
cars in and we kept on getting denied
people were saying no people were saying
that we were in Rome people were saying
they were eating bread people were
saying they were eating beets that my
mommy yeah and finally finally we found
someone who is down to sell us a car
problem is this was two hours ago it's
currently six o'clock I don't even know
we have lost contact with the guy we're
showing up at his house the car that we
are getting is very very rare it is an
Italian phenomenon it is an Italian
stallion it is an Italian bridge
hopefully it's still there I didn't bet
bail on us brother Logan is trying to go
to the leaning tower of pizza it's not
gonna happen cuz you're being a dick
understand against the pieces too
apparently Logan is upset with me you
don't have to get this car I have to
came all the way from the United States
to get a car I just want to see the
leanin Logan if you want to see at our
lien we can go to LA I can lean a tower
on its side for you buddy I need a car
bro that's why we're here is to go fast
I want to go fast below check I got a
tattoo on my leg sorry Plan B oh is your
car for sale Oh does your car got to go
you're not selling that car shut up
Logan just in case system
you shut up just in case this pristine
factory closes on us with the Italian
stallion of a car that I want I need to
have a back-up plan
excuse me Emily is anyone selling your
car I need a back-up plan
there's anyone's car for sale how's your
car got the girl a few moments later
this is the factory you grab B love okay
I'm getting me luck I'm
you have no idea how long I've been
waiting for the statement I'll go
getting me laughs come on hey give me my
mic hey drew you in can't roll up with B
luck they'll be like why is what they
won't let us film again yeah you guys
got to close the deal before you even
the pit in the pen by Beal off I'm
vlogging with you now bro why did you
wanna see the leaning tower the guy in
the yellow go talk to him and he's gonna
go talk to him at the cars we don't want
to we don't want to come in guns
a-blazing with the cameras because it
could be dangerous
what we're at the wrong place I knew the
factory was looking a little suspicious
it didn't look like the right factor
this place is apparently sells the best
cars in like all of Florence which is
where we are I think it's like a two
minute drive yes this is the place check
it out guys wait till you see this car I
mean I gotta find it it's a big lot you
said this was your dream car yeah I
don't know it's not my dream car you see
this is my dream car you said I had a
dream about it I had a dream about it so
it's a dream car Oh like literally a
dream oh okay yeah it makes more sense
that's possible okay groans yeah Oh
myself over myself get over here you
rude everyone stays looking at night
we're having such a good time boys I'm a
guy
okay you having a great time yeah you
know anyways look at this car slamming
our eyes and giving them drones
how does July on a wooden core how about
the rise a window go up
holiday for a promoter pulled up do not
go in Internet mutual from your buddy a
mini a clue
right here is a renault 800 CC
four-wheel-drive dual exhaust pipe i
don't see either of them do cool how
much is this one
it doesn't work no it actually doesn't
work oh my god
it kind of looks like it doesn't work
you won't even sell me the car yeah
there are a lot of other options though
I'm just saying Danny is negotiating I
told you guys these are the best cars in
Italy and I wasn't like 4700 that is a
lot less than a Lamborghini and a the
place that you you're supposed to buy
the cars like that they're closed so you
can't sell the car oh dude we're car
shopping in Italy we can't buy any cars
but dude my life is over my life is over
man all I wanted to do was buy a car in
Italy the home of the best cars in the
world
and I just can't do it my brother's mad
because he didn't get to go to the
Leaning Tower of Pisa elmina don't tell
me to stop your blog well I will take
you out with your ex-girlfriend again
take it back no car no Pisa no shirt no
problem you guys are one of the most
famous I don't get how Lamborghini you
tell Lamborghini that nd no but I told
these guys I said hey look these guys
they got a lot of subscribers so like
and subscribe you know what I mean a lot
of subscribers this could be very very
very lucrative for your business right
and they said you know what go ahead
you're telling me that this mom-and-pop
shop in the middle of Italy is smarter
than a billion dollar Lamborghini
company Logan Logan again really Logan
though you don't run away you always do
this I really thought I was gonna get
one of these cars though that's why
you're broke no I think Andy's doing
something for now see that's a nasty
finesse no there are great people that
happen these are real people though they
say he's gonna choose a car for the Jake
polish that got their hearts ripped out
of them when the Lamborghinis tried to
shut them down they're gonna give us a
car I'll pick out a car personally
be it been Buffy yeah Buffy's is done in
pay get the pig it's a bag
affair keep all eat the pig a but these
guys are real people and that's what's
nice about is finding the real people I
love with the in emotions and you just
want I'm emotional about I just want a
car I'm Marti is this one for sale it's
a BMW take forever it looks like kind of
a one-of-a-kind piece Jake it's fine you
probably not gonna be able to see that
there's a lot of other options here I
wouldn't rush into a decision
no I'm hot alright I'm hot
I'll take it insurance
oh no no I'll give you my Rolex if you
give me the panda China I never saw me I
can put a lot to it I was never here I
was never you go pull me out buddy Jake
pull it together I'm good
don't want itself yeah it doesn't look
like it yeah we lost Jake he's off the
deep end
20 minutes lay down okay so they
wouldn't sell me the car because I don't
have insurance but my man here he is
gonna get us a car that we could take to
a parking lot and in a parking lot you
don't need insurance and so I think this
could be a success I agree I don't know
what's happening to be honest but I
think I'm gonna go over launch it now we
are here at another parking lot here's
the plan
I'm buying this car right here yo check
this bad boy out oh this is look is that
a Volkswagen Golf it's even got an
umbrella in the back we're gonna take it
to a parking lot on this and then it'll
be time to go over launcher well
apparently the battery is dead on my
automobile you know I like that better
than Lamborghinis it makes you
appreciate driving it more when you get
that the jump started get her up there
this thing is a banshee
I think I saw two flames when he started
in medicine I'm crazy
ah yes now we are here at the racetrack
guys with my new Lamborghini before we
got to the racetrack we had to get some
supplies to pimp it out roll the clip
spray paint take a baby car air
freshener gloves come on go fast are you
guys ready
ahh salty okay are you ready yeah so
then we got here to the middle of this
field for a race track I got my gloves
on and then we emptied out the
Lamborghini really fast roll looks it's
the wall they come finish get my body
and show ya stop bein jealous no wonder
they kill a bug got me a gun
I'm trying to put up with their prodigal
son love this time in the front I'm just
a chipping the timing them from the pop
of the gun show up show our adore say
clapping applause
and now it is time to unveil the
Lamborghini guys check this out yo we
got racing stripes
we got March Lincoln bio capital y you
can I wrote Lambo on the side because
this bad boy is definitely a Lambo you
know what I'm saying and guys on the
Lamborghini that I was supposed to get I
had this stripe on it we thought we'd
replicate it we have some racing blue
accents on the front you know how fast
this thing is it's got a tow hook the
whole nine yards and most importantly
veloce written on the side to match my
tattoo I've been waiting for this moment
for so long don't forget about our
passenger baby here guys this car is
built like a brick house okay I got a
rock window it's gonna pass the test
watch out back up back up whoa this car
is stronger than my mom throw - you
think it can't take that one of these
trees wrong well the race chuckles
running dog you know what it is better
aerodynamics everything the airflow on
this just increased by 10% that's like
twenty eight horsepower hey got the
extra weight and we're ready to run stop
let's start all right
yeah oh oh god oh god it does 0 to 60 in
15 seconds you said 5 or 15 15 okay
I came hours spent six months waiting
for this moment to get my Lamborghini
it's time
oh she is smoky
Wow
No
no no oh oh my god there's a little
smoke coming out of the rear end it's
fine
yes jakers jakers this is not day
there's a lot of smoke Wow
you forget like no dammit
start
oh it's dead oh honey honey let me help
you let me help this is my little lamb
oh I just need one more start buddy I
think she's got her in there there's
glass in my ass
this Lamborghini was good while it
lasted but it's all over now
you should take polish I accomplished my
goal I wanted to go veloce and I went
below J so right that went down
in the book today was so much fun thank
you for coming on the journey if you
haven't already copped yourself the
hottest merch in the game ours doesn't
rip and if you haven't already joined
the take Paulo family make sure to smash
that subscribe button we're here round
tomorrow still conquer in Italy and now
we'll see you tomorrow because it's
every day Jake Pollard's wet stop and
check out this new merch that merch is
hot boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake vol 2 which you guys
can subscribe to right now and if you
want to see more content from everyone
in the house our group channel is called
team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow Poosh
