Lamborghini called me let me update you
on what's going down
oh I'm just gonna take father's good
morning party people what is going down
look at this you guys it is in Crispo
I'll see you Logan
if you're new here um Jake Paul and it
is lit every single day bro
what about the late upload yesterday bro
do you want to like bro look at this
okay now what do you think they go
currently we are in Florence Italy look
at how beautiful it is mom this is my
friend Davi tickets whim and we have a
lot going on today party people
yesterday uh Lamborghini screwed me I
came all the way out to Italy to get a
Lamborghini as you guys know you mean
you guys watch the vlog it's every day
bro so today I feel like I have to lie
redeem myself I feel like I have to do
something I don't know what I'm gonna do
the weather is beautiful I'm with my
favorite people in the world and uh
without any further ado what thunder
wow this place is incredibly beautiful
just look at it look at it just look at
it and guys not only is it incredibly
beautiful but we have the squad here my
boy uncle K we got Dolphy the dolphin we
got mr. bubbles the cat oh hi
we got Logan my brother hi we got Andes
I'm Randy Fendi buongiorno
and most importantly we have neighbor
Rita Rita say hi
neighbor Rita is a savage hit the death
and guys the only people that we are
missing is the rest of team ten I'm
really missing a button we're gonna be
back in Los Angeles soon and hopefully
move into the new team den house I can't
wait yeah Italy is so awesome guys check
this out like what is life but get it
okay mr. bubbles you know what Paulo the
canine know Oh your vlogger apparently
mr. bubbles as a blogger are you doing
buddy but like I said earlier guys and
like you saw yesterday Lamborghini
screwed us like I'm still so devastated
about the whole entire situation but I
ain't gonna let that get to me because
I'm a flippin chef and y'all guys
watching at home or some savages too and
I want to make sure you guys are having
fun cuz we are and if you want to savage
you need to join the Jake Paula family
and smash that subscribe button right
now and if you aren't in the savage
family you need to join right now
because the Jake Poehler conquer
everywhere we go I'm so excited to be
able to share my journey of life with
y'all guys every day bro so hop on the
train guys but yo check this out right
now this is how they do it in Italy
right now my boy y'all what's up my man
he's working on these fields and stuff
like that I don't even know what's going
down my boy is literally making why
all right people we are here now for an
Italian breakfast Andi the key to its
Aleta that this place has the best
pastries in town tell them about the
pastries you know I love doughnuts you
know I love to get fat and my girl here
is gonna hook me up with some of these
pastries they also have a dog at tea I
don't know what this is is this custom
fragile this is fragile it's customary
yeah that's the one it looks good these
pastries are incredible but in today's
world that we live in all that matters
is if your food is Instagram Abul these
Instagram models and Instagram thoughts
and these Instagram judge the food by
the Instagram of a moment to Logan let's
see if it's Instagram already three two
three two three two three two oh my god
the pastries were on point I'm talking
on point baby so we came to a Italian
grocery store to get even more food
because we them oh hi boys
and we gotta eat that protein and get
big but we also came here because this
is in the middle of the town and as you
guys know the whole entire reason the
whole reason I came to Italy was to go
fast was to drive cars and I needed to
interview people and see if I could find
a Ferrari if I could find a supercar
anyway what apparently you can't film
anywhere hashtag shaft am i right it
just doesn't make sense to me I'm trying
to talk to the people the locals do you
have a Lamborghini
oh my god I came all the way from Los
Angeles through Italy to drive fast but
the problem is I don't know well
apparently that was not the right place
to go my dreams are starting to be
crushed but kids never ever ever stop
following your dreams i'ma find this
place I'm gonna find something fast and
I will conquer I got it do you see this
paint job how does a lion on one wooden
core how about the rice the window go up
take all of it anyone want to go for a
ride something you want to go for a ride
we got a lot of the exhaust is watch hey
I know it's husband but there's plenty
of space up here I just want to go fast
man you know what I mean I literally
spent days and cows and lots of money to
come here and it's like why
hello che tatted on my leg I left team
ten behind I'm buying a new house mom I
need you hamsters hamsters Jake Polar's
here is one thing I know that's
happening right now things aren't going
my way things are not going right and so
when things aren't going right you must
go left flip everything around and try
another angle I don't know what I'm
saying but I think it's gonna work let's
go left
your security smoking is bad is better
you need to stop you hug me more Jay
Paul are you see what I'm talking about
all I needed is a little bit of love yes
I feel so much better now I feel like I
could find something to do
imma find something fast I don't know
where Logan is Oh
like I said I don't know what I am doing
but I am back at the Villa this is what
I see Logan well as you know bro your
Lamborghini dreams have sunk they're
gone so that's just what we're doing
here we're just throwing this in the
pool cuz you know my Lamborghini dreams
are not over Paul no not good I'm a Paul
brother in the face of adversity
I rise like a Titan give me this damn
Lamborghini give me this damn
Lamborghini give it to me they don't
want to give me my real Lamborghini
that's it I'm gonna drive this one Oh
bro you're 22 years old and you're
worried about not getting your Lambo yo
life must be so hard
life's hard where I just broke my
shoulder in Italy on the floor I'm next
to a pool sunbathing I am now I seen my
shoulder it is actually hurts heavily
probably bruised gonna have big all
bruised right there my mom broke her
shoulder once think she got surgery I'll
be fine mom guys now I'm attempting to
call a car rental place because I needed
this car see see hello ciao just isais
weird here Andi
can you translate for me Rory's
Lamborghinis Rolls Royces Porsches every
portion
uncuff a hand he's gonna talk to him but
yo Dolphy died no nothing's going right
today now leaving these ice cubes taste
good guys are really hoping in a
supercar like actually and you know Jake
and login so Mandy you're supposed to be
on the phone with the cars if they hung
up on me
no Andi Dolphy died I broke my shoulder
I don't have any ice that tastes good
life is hard
one hour later alright guys you know
what I've made up my mind I'm over it
wrong if I can find a way to go fast
later today I'm gonna go fast
Luce we are back on track with some more
Italian stuff I'm gonna immerse myself
into the culture now Andi was telling me
about this wall and how old is this wall
and this wall is like a 700 years old
tell me Bella
that is an N what she will pray for you
so this wall has been vlogging for 700
years now apparently it's everyday bro
for 700 now guys pay attention because
I'm telling you about this wall and it's
gonna make more sense later when I show
you some other Italian stuff now this
wall is great for a couple of things I'm
gonna demonstrate one of them stay right
there Wow
oh yeah Jake that was great so guys you
got to love this wall am i right told
you we were gonna do more Italian stuff
I got my brother Logan here oh he's
Italian I'm not and Andy Andy is
definitely Italian we are hamming it up
now literally this is Andy's
three-year-old ham leg which he has yeah
and we are about to do it now it's
called a flu shoot though is that the
right there's hair on this hand wall
Kade you're vegan hi
they don't shave their legs so neither
do the girls in America crazy whatever
we have to go right you have an
appointment I know where you're supposed
to eat this more Italian stuff boy look
at this right now the villa were staying
at has a vineyard and these are the
grapes from the vineyard and these
grapes make wine you get the grape you
stumped on the grape and then you got
one so I thought why not make my own
wine no again guys I'm just trying to
immerse myself in the Italian culture
respectable count the grape stomp on it
in the white bow you got yourself some
wine
I tell you wank
okay so now we are in downtown Florence
I'm here with other Logan Paul yeah what
is going down oh my god whoa the word
the hotel Florence right now and I found
this aisle looking like Logan Paul he's
dad one time the music even plays when
he does not that many people look like
Lo and Paul so when they do you gotta
hit him with the vlog also this guy
looks like you yes are you Jake Palmer
she's got Marcin no just a shirt oh yo
do you see that she's got March on
Lincoln by hoe why again more Italian a
job that I had school but kids I know my
facts first of all the police officers
here their buckets on their heads but
remember earlier how I was at that wall
that wall was built by the same
architect who built this giant Church at
one point to the dome on this church was
the biggest dome in the flippin world
that's a fact
also here in Italy they have
ghostbusters I'm okay it's a ghost look
at this my brother was like messing with
the military and now he's getting in
trouble yeah oh my gosh I found Waldo
other cops the cops the cops
it's a merry-go-round and now it's a
jakey go-round jakey go-round Jake
giggles anti-climatic guys I'm really
really really really loving Italy
Erika Erika what though Wendy minutes
later alright so we stopped at a cafe to
eat while we were sitting down
Lamborghini called me let me update you
on what's going down basically someone
from Lamborghini not one of the
employees but someone from Lamborghini
called me and they didn't have an answer
they still haven't seen my video at this
moment right now it hasn't been posted
yet it's about to be post in like five
minutes but they said that the factory
is mad at us I don't know what that
means I don't know right now
today I still don't know what's going on
Logan's not getting his that's the fact
that's a fact
I don't know what I'm gonna do because I
really want the car but I can't support
a company that just like doesn't have
good character doesn't have good
intentions and doesn't treat their
customers right I'm sorry we can't do it
but guys I also want to show you
something like this fan book got in its
everyday bro tattoo what I got one too
it's everyday brother I just want to say
thank you to everyone who's in the Jake
Paula family and like really truly
embraces the saying it's everyday bro
cuz it's about getting better every day
smiling every day working harder every
day more flip and killing the game cop
yourself some hot new Jay Paul and March
join the family
wrap the March hard and we are about to
run out of a lot of items we're trying
to restock things as fast as we can so
if you're thinking about getting some
merch you might want to do it now I'm
also going to announce the winner of the
Justin date contest soon so stay tuned
for that and Jake Pollard's I will see
y'all tomorrow because it's every day
right Jake Pollard's wet stop and check
out this new March that merch is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow Poosh
