so I we went had a conversation with
that guy I can't summarize it like it's
laughable it's disrespectful it's
childish good morning Jay callers today
is a day that I have been waiting for
for six months six whole entire months
this is one of the biggest days of my
life guys even right now this is my
brother Logan you have no idea what I've
gone through to get to this moment to
get to where I am been wait I've been
wet okay last night if you guys watched
yesterday's vlog if you're a Jake Paula
if you're subscribed if you're part of
the family you know we almost got
arrested and we had to seriously walk
and talk into all get vlogging we'll all
go away out of this whole entire
situation
the cops literally showed up right here
where we jumped into this canal so we
were like running away into our hotel
room and we luckily got away and then
the vlog cut off yesterday and this is
what happened next actually illegal yeah
yeah it is actually
well if we hear a knock on the door
right now then those probably will be
the real place other police actually
come in here this is the bridge we
jumped off oh the cops are actually you
oh my gosh you were tracking me about it
but actually here I might go to Italian
jail
okay if they come to arrest me my name
is Pablo and I don't know how to swim so
I wouldn't have jumped oh my god I know
what it is they just want to see the
footage it's Jake my logs just like it
subscribe once again we get away with
murder
mukbang no one no one got killed today
we got away with something that was
insanely stupid and we are now here and
we live another day to tell another
story and today's story is all about
getting the Lamborghini I have been
waiting six entire months to get this
flippin car yo so allow me to tell you
guys the flippin story on how we got
here some of you might know but I think
we're gonna get into a little bit more
detail today Logan still doesn't know if
he's getting his Lamborghini or not my
boy Logan is still like you still him oh
if you're gonna get here's the issue I
was like I bought the Lamborghini with
Jake my deposits down I was like I don't
want to do this no we're gonna start at
six months back I played a prank on
Logan and acted like I bought him a
Lamborghini I roll the clip no yo stop
stop stop stop stop Jake bro no no no
this might be one of the best moments of
my life being the crazy brother he is
brother Logan was like yo Q the only way
I can win from this right now is if I
buy a Lamborghini there's only one way
that I can come back from this and it's
a vibe violin and you say huge 8-ball
and then I was like yo I can't let my
brother Logan be the only one without a
Lamborghini with a Lamborghini and I
gotta have a Lamborghini too and I got
to be a race car driver because you know
all I like to do is go fast I literally
have fast in Italian it had it on my leg
hello chase hello chase hello chase and
so I was like y'all I need to get a
Lamborghini - should I get one too
and so we went to the Lamborghini
dealership tried to buy Lamborghinis
that day and that's when I found out
about the Lamborghini or the Condor from
Monday this is the fastest Lamborghini
ever to be produced and is also the
fastest car to ever lap the Nurburgring
which is like the most respected track
in the world so basically it's the
fastest car and I was like yo I want the
best it's everyday bro we the best music
I was like yo Logan Paul we got to get
these Lamborghinis right let's order the
cars wait six months because they're
like the best cars they're brand new the
2018 fly to Italy have the full-on
experience of being here experiencing
the Lamborghini factory seeing our cars
in person and then about three months
later this guy over here hit me with
this I'm serious I'm not getting and so
I was this guy's like I'm still pissed I
still don't know what is going down look
at his face I don't know what I don't
even know why I mean a Lamborghini and I
just want to let you guys know that
today and I'm also dropping an exclusive
piece of merchandise that you guys have
never seen before never done before and
so I came out to Italy and I was like yo
I'm getting my lambo flipping game me
and my brother Logan shows up and
surprises me
and so now Jake Pollard's we are just
getting started and the rest of the
story is about to unfold our taxi or
boat taxi guys this is crazy we have to
flip and go good morning I hope you guys
are smiling I hope you guys are working
hard hope you have been on the haters as
always and if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul and it's lit every single day okay
we're probably an actually mr. train
take dollars without any further ado so
people we are late or usual it is a
beautiful morning in Venice Italy right
now we are on our way to the Lamborghini
manufacturing Factory and where my
flippin car is bro but we are late to
the train station we have like three
minutes hopefully we don't miss the
train because guys today is my big day
I'm too fat for this wait up wait
like two seconds how am I gonna get my
land mole do you guys have my lambo is
this March Logan thanks for getting the
March game Lambo do you have my
Lamborghini
do you have my Lamborghini do you have
my Lambo
do you have my Lambo do you have my
lambo Raging Bull is that March Logan is
that y'all probably we're late to this
other train now you have my Lambo oh my
god so we made it happen do the train
guys thank you Jesus I'm gonna be able
to get the Lamborghini we're gonna be a
little bit of late but Logan mom the
ball is in your court are you gonna man
up and get one of the best Lamborghinis
that has ever been made are you gonna
make me an ass back into this shirt
right now Logan I'm a Lambro I needed to
be a Lambros and then we can get some
lamb huh but that's besides the fact I
don't want to be driving around Los
Angeles by myself just look at me all
lonely in my nice car you know what I'm
saying if there is ever a moment in our
Brotherhood I'm pulling every time cause
we saw this from The Simpsons moves you
a fact and he's he's used it five facts
so Logan I'm pulling the card where I
need you to buy this $350,000 leopard
meaning with me I'll need it funny the
fettuccine I need them up for the idea
the Pixar oh yeah Italy
yeah and I'm saying no I just said he
can use this card bro I don't know what
I'm gonna do when I say get you say
Lambo get Lambo get hambo get
anyways guys I'm gonna continue to
persuade my brother Logan over here to
buy this libro bro there's nothing you
can't hear me you can't hear me right
now
no you can I'm just talking about
nothing I'm just talking to my love all
right now around the booth and it's
almost time
all right off of the train now guys in
this taxi and an actual reality of what
I am about to do is starting to set in
like the fact that I'm going to get to
see this car that I've dreamt of and
worked every day bro for it's a miracle
it's amazing like I'm almost speechless
like I remember six months ago designing
this car on a flippin iPad picking out
everything I wanted like down to the
teeth to make it perfect and the fact
that this is about to come to fruition
I'm just like yo what is going you know
what's going on here my boy doesn't know
what's going and to me like which is why
I'm so nervous this car cars to me are
more than just a car it's it's an
experience it's an art piece the lines
the colors the way everything is put
together the sound the exhaust notes
that the engine makes like I'm freaking
out man and my good bro I actually might
not be good if I were you so there's a
chance that you're not good I don't know
if I'm good bro like I was saying this
car is like how I reward myself a lot of
people like to party they like to go out
do all that horse shenanigans whatever
blah blah to me this is my hard work
paying off this is my fun time this is
like why I preach it's every day bro you
know it's like getting better every day
smiling every day working so damn hard
every single day and when you do that
your life becomes better this
Lamborghini for me is a symbol of that
hate to get out
and maybe hey I know you're watching and
maybe you can utilize this moment as a
moment for your own life like I'm 20
years old my teachers the kids in my
school they're like you're worthless
you're not gonna do anything you're a
loser you get bad grades you're the
class clown blah blah blah blah blah and
I would always sit there and be like you
know like I'm just like you don't get me
bro you don't get me bro did they get
you they don't get him and they don't
get me either so what I'm saying is guys
I don't know another 20 year old that
has a Lamborghini like this no one ever
believed in me people still don't
believe me people still hate on me but
none of that flippin matters and that's
why I say dab on them haters because you
can't let them get to you chase your
dreams work harder than everybody else
I'm gonna be showing up to the Jake
Paula's over party in the Lambo where
y'all at
roll the clip play Jake slay we're here
oh I'm really starting to get nervous
freaking out man row row row just this
way come on you got to make it inside
first good what I'm good my heart
seriously bro actually in my because I
was running around it's a little boat
definitely Wow there was a car right
here or film inside the factory
I was watching someone's new video
yesterday and they're filming all inside
of the factory the procedure is you are
also informed by your dealer in the US
no filming and no video
inside the factory how is that person
able to do them we have journalists that
are special permission sir to film and
that's it
my car in there yes your car I can't
film it
no come all the way to Italy by a
$400,000 car but there was a youtuber
here the other day and he was filming
too right inside the factory so what are
those should I buy a Ferrari or what I
don't know what's going on right now
Jake's coming to Italy come see your
Lamborghini but you can't film it I'm
over lager there's literally another
youtuber in here like yesterday filming
all up inside the factory
he wasn't even buying one very
disrespectful I might just Coppa 488 the
rules and he might have got special
permissions because as I told you for
some journalists a week given special
permission channel a special permission
no why cause we're told hey I'm gonna
enter the order of perform on day pick
it up we'll do a han deal you can take
it on the track no you can take the your
car on the track you can you can see it
yeah but like that was your guy that was
from you guys you guys four hundred
thousand dollar vehicle don't you think
you should be able to take a picture
with that you said that someone else can
make the decision and that's not you if
that's not you we would like to talk to
whoever can make the decision so we can
work it out yeah yeah come on here take
this
so they asked who was the boss and we
were like yo Jake's fighting the car so
Andi who obviously speaks Italian and
then Jake who's obviously buying a car
are like over there talking to like all
the head honchos she said it was a
factory decision and then she said that
someone else can make the decision so
we're like yo it would just make sense
if you could let us talk to whoever it
is I can make the decision if we can
film I think it's very fair so she was
crossing back on her words it wasn't
making sense so we just wanted to be
sure that we were talking to the person
who can make the right decision it
appears as if that person is over there
right now I'm not really sure so it
looks like progress is getting made by I
guess I don't know
so I
I had a conversation with that guy I
can't summarize it like it's laughable
it's disrespectful it's childish end of
the conversation was I have a card if
you want me to give you my card he was
like.he I have a business card if you
want to talk got up walked out here's
the dilemma I don't even know what to do
I'm not really good film in the museum
right there now we can't film at all
you got some sketchy rules bro dope okay
thank you you know I've never had this
acute problem this is not I don't have
everyone treated this disrespectfully
and like in a while six months of the
club meet three mean and the security
guards put tape over what the cameras on
my phone
see I know they didn't let you film I
know they didn't give you your car I
know they just gave us a notebook in a
bag in return for all of this book come
on
I have never my 20 years of living been
so disrespected I feel like I feel like
I'm like the worst human being in the
world like I feel like I just want to
give up they let us inside the factory
we were like all right let's see you
know maybe they're gonna be nice maybe
we go inside the factory talk to them
take us on a tour completely
disrespectful the whole entire time they
walk me up to the car that was supposed
to be mine I don't even know like what
to do
this has been in planning for six months
they say come out to Italy come drive
your Lamborghini we'll unveil it for you
four hundred thousand dollar car fifty
thousand dollars on traveling to Italy
all to be treated like a peasant like
just like relieve and they're like hey
we want you to have this gift
it's a keen notebook they were like you
and then that was the slap in the face
like really I don't know what to do I've
never been this happy the car was the
most beautiful car that I've ever seen
but at the same time the amount of
disrespect and embarrassment I feel
right now
and how poorly I was treated I don't
know what to do I'm one of their
customers and it was literally like
you're scum I don't know if I can stand
for that I don't know if I want to
affiliate myself with a company who
treats their customers so poorly but on
the contrary it's like yo this is one of
the most beautiful pieces of art I've
ever laid eyes on I'm just torn I don't
know guys it hasn't been an hour
we drive five minutes down the street
this is why it's so disrespectful this
is what the same type of car that we
ordered it's literally driving around in
the street like why was I not able to
like go in there it's not even about us
filming it it's the way they went about
it and then when I try to talk to him
off the camera they laughed at me they
were like we don't care like we have
thousands of customers like screw you
you don't treat people like that why is
this one able to be out here what do you
make of this bro here's my issue with
this it's a safe colored car that I like
two hours later Jake Haller
this whole situation is like it's crazy
I've had a couple of hours to cool off
and I wanted to think about what
decision to make and like how to go
about this situation like I'm distraught
still and I still don't even know what
happened or like how that like spun out
of control and I hate all that like
stuff and I hate confrontation and
arguing with people and having
disagreements and and I hate when people
don't have respect for for other humans
in general the way they treated Andy who
speaks Italian the way they treated my
brother the way they treated our
cameraman Logan is taking this situation
a lot more lightheartedly than I am just
because like he doesn't you know like
care as much about cars like this is
like arguably gonna be like one of the
biggest moments of my life I figured out
how I wanted to handle the situation
over the past two or three hours and it
is this I think everyone in life no
matter who it is or what it is who they
are deserves a second chance
I mean making mistakes is a part of life
I think the biggest thing and even
something that I'm like I'm only 20
years old like I'm not preaching like I
know everything but something that I
have learned is like the only thing you
can do when you make mistakes is to
correct them as much as possible or to
apologize so so with all that being said
like a recap of the whole entire
situation like we went in there it
wasn't even about us like not being able
to film it like I think it was more
about like I can't even take a selfie or
even a picture of the car and then
because of that it was like the way we
were treated and then like the day
before that another YouTube vlogger is
filming everything inside the factory
the way they went about telling us in
the way they were pushing us around and
have it like their whole like mob of
people come and like try to like stop us
and telling us to get off of their
property and that we can't even like
film there anymore taking our cameras
and putting stickers all over our
cameras and everything like wimmer on
the tour like security guards following
us and not giving us like a true
experience and like afterwards the guy
being like hey if you want to talk more
about it like here's my business card or
and then giving us like notebooks I
think the worst part about this is like
it'd be different if we were just
waltzing up in there and we weren't
spending like literally between us - it
would have been a million dollars a lot
of money a million dollars
thinking about it I was like yo I'm in
love with this car and like it's a
beautiful car and I've dreamed about
getting it since I was a kid but I
personally I can't I cannot stand with
the company and support a company and
give them four hundred thousand dollars
of my money to a company that treats
their paying customers like shit I
haven't been this sad or distraught in a
long-ass time
not even the fuck I don't care about the
second verse this was worse because of
that Lamborghini and specifically the
employees at the factory who we dealt
with I know you're watching this video
what I think is fair the solution of
this for me to feel right about this
like I'm not gonna give them my money or
support them and have the Jake Pollard's
support Lamborghini in any way shape or
form if they are going to treat their
customers like this maybe you're gonna
go buy a Lamborghini one day because of
the videos that I've made about it who
knows like I remember watching my
favorite celebrities as a kid and that's
like why I've always loved Lamborghinis
because they all had like Lamborghinis
but I can't support a company if if
they're gonna one day treat a Jake Paul
ur terribly hated analyst over the
Internet and I'm gonna reach out to you
guys personally but I'm only putting
this out there so that the Jake
Pollard's and whoever's else is watching
knows the situation and what I am doing
I am going to reach out to them I would
like an apology for the way we were
treated for the way the whole situation
was handled from each and every person
that we encountered at the factory from
the security guards to the the lady at
the ladies at the reception to the the
head guy who I went and had a private
meeting with off camera I don't know
their names I feel like I deserve an
apology and I feel like I deserve
something written or something vouch or
promise that you guys in the future are
going to treat your pain customers
better and Jake Paul is just so you know
if they can't do that and if they can't
make an apology and they can't vow to
treat their customers better then I'm
not going to support the brand and I'm
not going to get the Lamborghini and I
think if they do that I would I would
love to support them and it has nothing
to do with the money it has nothing to
do with like me like having an ego this
is just like how I feel in real life
like this is how even if I wasn't
vlogging this whole situation like it
just doesn't make sense to me and it was
a really messed-up experience of
something that should have been one of
the best
experiences of my life Jake Pollard's I
guess I guess we will see how they
respond and what they decide to do and I
guess from there we can determine
whether or not these people actually
care about their customers or care about
know the situation that we had I love
cars my passion in life that's what I
live for that's why this was so like
heartbreaking for me and so we will see
what decision they make I guess over the
next day or so I will try to keep you
updated and this isn't me making an
ultimatum you're not getting it anymore
no regardless right they killed it for
me the vibe is gone I'm in love with the
car which is I think why I'm hanging on
or someone who doesn't love his car cars
as much Logan was just like screw it
just because of that experience so I
hate to rant forever and I want to end
on a positive note guys no matter what
life throws at you deal with they think
about it conquer it keep on dab and keep
on smiling cop the hottest merch in the
game I know I was gonna do an exclusive
March drop but it had to do with
Lamborghini so it's kind of an awkward
situation so I'm not gonna do it and
when life hands you lemons you make beef
stew and Jake Pollard's I don't know if
I said it or not but we're like in
Florence right now we're still here for
a couple of days smash that subscribe
button comment a koala join the movement
it's everyday bro peace nice
Jake Pollard's what's pop and check out
this new March that marches hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
check it see you guys tomorrow oops
