Logan just hit me with thee I bet you
$5,000 you won't jump in and first was
it a joke in real life but now you're
the cameras up good morning Jake
Pollard's what is going on K take a pee
like your grace all right yeah I'll have
a pants on you have to catch a train
where's Logan
Oh
good morning Jake Pollard's it oh this
gray Oh
no way why are you so ready I'm up
Thanks okay Oh Matt wake up everyone
yeah
okay so it turns out that Logan and then
we're ready before us which never really
happens I thought I was gonna wake them
up but now we're late I need a pact with
you go to Venice we gotta catch a train
let's go I'm going I'm going
ciao go go go go go go go okay but Luce
morning Jake Pollard's we are currently
late to the train station I think Logan
I've just got there hey guys ciao and
good morning Bologna but we are leaving
right now to hit Venice Bostick is no
that isn't like oh come on guys go go
change leaving in like five minutes I
don't know how we got here I don't even
know what my name is I just vlogging the
whole entire thing it's leaving go ah I
need a Lambo no no yo hold it open you
thought we were lying harm is not good
roads not good bro you good bro I
thought we were just vlogging like we
needed to go my boys stuck his arm in
the door hold on Liam needs to take in
style
till my knee just turned 21 you know
that me you know that me
No
Venice whoa now we're here there are
people on this plane go go go we made it
it is raining here guys check out how
bad this weather is but the squad is
here we're going on a boat guys this is
Andy he is the key to Italy right now I
wanna have a quick safety meeting strike
scream run do not go into the water it
is like like the most disgusting nasty
that's in there hands and feet inside
the boat at all time hey Jake Pollard's
I know I haven't properly said good
morning to you guys yet and this is
still just the intro we're still just
getting started apparently you get
picked up on a boat cuz there's no cars
in the city look at this literally just
boats this is insane right now it's
pouring rain oh we are here oh my god
ciao
I really wanted to jump off that right
there bro specifically he said for sure
not to go in the water but it looks lit
it does look lit now that we're here it
doesn't look that dirty really yeah
that's not that bad just some seaweed
tape ballers I'm so ready I think this
is the spot to do that if you're new
here huh make Paul currently we are in
Venice Italy and it is lit every single
day broke with the Disney Channel if you
haven't already smashed that subscribe
button join the Jake Paulo family copy
yourself some high noon work so the link
is in the bio and I want to make sure
you guys are smiling I want to make sure
you guys are working hard and I want to
make sure you guys are having fun cuz we
are and you should too let's flip it hit
it this is our taxi right now uber it
alerts those taxi on it right now you
can't get anywhere in this city without
being on a boat this is absolutely
insane man what's your name I think I
was expecting something cooler than that
we're getting it yo this is what you
call being lit too much luggage do the
video let me get my book hold on there's
way too many people on this boat is he
mad at me can you ask
meeeh mortage Alex who ships it hey
watch out we're boating here pooja pooja
pooja I'm buying this bow you can't do
anything on this boat besides the boat
instead of Lambros we could be boat bros
I don't know him oh my gosh it's the
guys with the paddles on the boats I
want to go this city is absolutely
beautiful guys there's just boats flying
everywhere I don't know how people are
running into each other what let's don't
fly I don't know where we are but look
at this there's birds look it's like a
movie scene we're in Venice Italy why
you say you don't know where you are I
know the general vicinity mother yo let
me hit you with a fat check I don't know
why I said it wrong where I am don't be
sick selfie sticks you're not a tourist
if you don't have a selfie stick you
know I have a huge one this is great
uncle Kay's here I'm doing things with
cameras too okay
hey get the fuck back in the boat Paul
get in the boat
get in the boat hi Jake
hell I love you guys no she is the mooch
on oh my girls got married sweet goodbye
oh I know she had the merch on bow get
in the boat
I don't know what's going on I don't
know what life is right now we're
driving a boat down a river in the
middle of Italy this is amazing guys I
don't know what is going on in life
right now we are in the middle of Italy
right now life is amazing all I need is
some pizza now and some Lamborghinis and
espressos and some Italian models you
know what I'm saying actually I'm having
a wife it's a boat full of lagers you
guys are blogging we're in the center of
Venice right now this is our hotel hey
Jake polish if you want to roll up on
your boat and say hi go right ahead
go right up there yeah just roll up big
baller no is that much yo boil your
little girl I'm just picturing Erika and
I on one of these things with this guy
singing to us and Eric and I just in
there just kissing you know what I mean
I'm just picturing it what you just said
I heard you off the vlog that Erika
sucked your nipple the wrong way and you
were gonna dump her you said it that's
that's an artificial fact is that you
get in the boat
no you rolled out the red carpet for us
I'm jumping I'm from Ohio
come on bring it in me I'm order yeah me
amore Erika is that you Erika I want to
come on a date oh my gosh she's got the
noise is that the March
that's the March this is our hotel oh my
god it's so majestic
for the power that people to privacy
because there are bloggers yeah you
could be very good but other people he's
done oh okay oh yeah I was it you're
good it fine which I look now each other
each other they got a Jim happy pizza
yeah that's so now we are in the streets
there are no streets here or in the
water
yeah me this is hard everyone here is so
nice and guys the vibes right now are
absolutely insane like this town
everything here make cookies I like that
but as I was saying as the vibes here
are absolutely incredible so I thought
I'd capture some vibes for you roll the
clip
to the helicopter to the plane
elevated to the floor TCK
you know that
No
stupid cootie you know that Aboudi be
stupid like sonic you noise surrounding
commanded the climate excuse me you ruin
my vibe I was trying to do the you know
what I'm saying like look at that that's
a dope shot just I'm a Viner I know
what's going on move man you a blueberry
wait it's a backpack not a front pack is
that merch is that merged no Logan
everyone's very much all the time fact
get in the water why is that much yo-yo
jig Paul Joe English second Jay Paul
head overlooking version of you Jake
fall how do you feel about all the
recent hate and drama okay just a couple
of Ohio on brother it's a three-step
process get with it or get abducted
Apollo oh my god
how did you get here buddy this is my
dog oh my god is that much Logan I love
you yes yes let's do it
drink this I'll do it first just so you
can see Miss poor like these that's what
I quality h2o it's actually really good
my Tesla my Tesla's in my garage HESA
though is uh her competition shook
excuse me can I hold your hand hold your
hand no I was talking to the building I
was asking the building girls these days
Oh can I hold your hand it's probably a
good thing I left Disney yeah yeah can I
hold your hand my hand
oh no sorry I'm talking to the building
Hey like you know transition shot around
here everyone's just messing up my
transition shot who do you guys think
you are huh your chair Justin shots of
trying to get transition shots alright
mom it look like monsters hamsters so
we're walking all around we're having
fun we're meeting amazing people and
right now we are on a mission to find
the best Italian food here in Venice I
think we're jumping back on the boat oh
my god I ship it we made it to another
Island and all of the houses here I'm
seeing this all the houses here are
different colors this is litmus Logan
thinks that's funny I don't know sir
don't look now but you've turned into a
blueberry you are a blueberry sir don't
look now but you've turned into a lime
thank you no it's not a compliment
it's as dangerous excuse me building
don't look now but you've turned into a
lemon what look up is younger no I
glazed you know it is really rainy now
look at this excuse me sir you are a
rain bro get your rainbow exclusives
March oh wait you can't who's a limited
drop get you on the next one always plug
kids what's going down
benvenuti see mangia bene
the good food apparently this is the
best Italian food that you're gonna find
I don't know
arguably the best pasta I've ever had in
my living life clearly and Logan my
brother is still out here in the streets
listen to soundbite yo why you are here
recording old ladies subscribers likes
money you see this building right now
look at what you see what no one's here
but this tower sorry dick ballers I'm
watching I'm watching you guys off come
here hmm oh sorry what's going on this
tower well let me use you for reference
I'm Logan baseball the tower is gonna
fall oh you're gonna follow the tower
straight you're seeing things wrong it's
clearly straight
are you tired bro oh right enough with
the nonsense we are all here now back in
the streets I'm always saying that I'm
in the streets I don't know why I guess
I'm just always in the streets we're
still mopping around Italy it is still
raining but my man Andy came in quiet
you are Andy Andy has bird feed
pounds of bird feed and I think Logan
and I are going to attempt to put it on
ourselves there's birds everywhere oh my
god the big Marty's here it wasn't us
if you buy a piece of my merch I'll be
glad to pay anyone you want he is a
ChaCha
it's a verifiable fact but what's your
name and Rico it's a left-handed shake
weight watch the slow motion shot
Jake there aren't really many birds left
the birds aren't really flying away
anymore that's just you running now if
you believe you can fly kids you can fly
Coachella what is my name
Nick Crompton arrest me I see you
snapchatting me you want to join in on
the fun he's my boys a vlogger every day
bro
like in subscribe oh come on in in the
Venice disgusting patrol no Logan just
hit me with thee I bet you $5,000 you
won't jump in and first was it a joke in
real life but now you're the cameras up
look at this drop though I'm pretty sure
Andy the first thing you said when we
met you was do not go into the water
your water they have been pooping and
you don't have an Italian accent
actually five ran five racks and to swim
in the chemical poop water your skin
falls off I really think I'm about to do
this it's like freezing cold though dude
this is nasty actually actually I never
Jake is this look on his face it's about
the fact that I don't give it I need to
learn how to say here we go how I do
hell you big dummy we got Andy now I
gotta get the book
Andiamo Andiamo I've done some dumb
things this is one of the realest things
I've ever done okay bro I'm just gonna
stand and damn easy oh I think it was
Andy amo he's gonna call the police I
don't think it's illegal to go swimming
sounds like to me that you should Priory
hey Paula
I think he's saying I'm sexy
oh my god if you go in I'll give you
your money back
it's literally disgusting hurry up
Logan's accounts are coming I think is
that's what we say it's really nasty in
there cause the police know that me up
okay we should put Jake Jake polish
that's what it's about every day pushing
yourself harder pushing yourself outside
of your comfort zones doing something
something crazy and it's all represented
in the March shameless plug who is he
gonna call the cops with this guy
hustles he makes it happen
Aiko's the police know like and
subscribe no we gotta do you look great
though I'm in the street you look gay
hey where's Logan oh my god that's the
scene of the crime that was invigorating
that was so powerful I'm on one right
now
oh he rent DC malt
dude the police are coming it's like
crazy at the lady downstairs she's like
freaking out no no no you can't jump in
the water this isn't a be goj PG movie
seriously police are coming
it wasn't me put some clothes on bro
actually we like
I think the cops are your guys we're
either stop logging out in tomorrow's
lawyer I will see you then and make like
it's in the description guys I was Jake
Pollard's west pop and check out this
new March
oh that marches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow Poosh
