hey you two my name is Elle Jacquet and
welcome to Italy
ah it is so nice and we are here today
drinking this fine Italian wine that's a
little thick Jesus oh oh my gosh oh my
gosh I am so sorry guys
oh my gosh LOL jk keeps on taking over
my vlogs i don't know what is going on I
broke this glass sorry about that
hey but he wasn't lying to you we are in
Italy right now and it is actually
flippin amazing I'm still learning my
Italian and guys literally like I don't
even know where to start there's so much
going on we're meeting
uncle Kade here and a second dilly about
to be to the hotel we have to explore
Italy Lamborghini is coming there's a
lot flippin going on but you know check
out these Italian streets watch this
anyways I don't know about this book man
we're in Italy I'm trying to learn
Italian for dummies clearly I'm a dummy
but I don't think it's working that well
you don't I mean like it just not
working well of course it's not working
Millia
jackass Jesus you know March yourself in
the culture you need to be with the
people you need to actually read the
book you pose Oh instead of just
vlogging about it you know what I mean
stop blogging about it Jesus Millikan oh
my gosh l jockey I hate you know we've
only been here five minutes we've
already broken two glasses so my god
guys other than that though Italy is
amazing just look at this bet everything
here is awesome guys and um there's a
little bit of a backstory how does God
last of my foot basically this morning I
made an amazing discovery in Germany Oh
what is up people right now I'm in
Frankfurt Germany I don't know where
that is
you won't believe what I just found this
is insane guys hey Roger
it's my boy Roger back there but as you
guys know Chad always says the word hit
on a you he hid honey you shit right now
I look at these they have crackers yeah
of course I say shit in Germany this is
legendary guys this is a big big moment
I miss Chad and everyone on tape dad
they're still in Hawaii but honey you
heat honey you here it is here excuse me
sir you are heat I cannot eat this whole
entire Airport lounge is literally we've
been traveling since like I lost the
flop Mohammed is thank you we've been
traveling so it's like last night I
don't know what is going on I don't know
where I am
yeah it's gonna get you
it's gonna get you it's gonna get you
here comes shit honey you hear someone
dared me to go on the intercom at the
airport
attention all Airport guests please come
to gate h4 shit and please by the March
while you can
the link is in the mile limited supply
always plug people thank you all for
coming to the airport today and riding
with a Jake color express the Jake Polar
Express is now departing savage and then
guys we finally finally finally landed
in Italy look after 14 hours of
traveling and then the first thing that
I see at the airport like one of the
odds this is amazing this is why we're
here
the first thing I see you roll the clip
ciao ciao so we get to the airport guys
the first thing I see within this
Airport is look they legit just two
Lamborghinis sitting inside of this
airport the reason why I'm it and we
right now are in the city of the
hometown of like the manufacturer the
factory where they make all of the
Lamborghinis guys did you know I bought
one yeah they're fast absolutely
I think you like me ciao absolutely
insane guys like I was supposed to get a
Lamborghini with my brother but now just
me by myself and my nipple and this
shirt but anyways then we had to get to
our hotel guys keep on watching is the
bond to Gail and we had to get to our
hotel sexy awesome and boy passport Oh
own casa and we're going to be five in
the other video in louder ciao
so finally in bologna italy can't do
anything no joke I hate you hate you ok
you guys are all caught up to speed now
uncle Cate is almost here which means
we're about to go conquer Italy and by
the way guys there's all this hype
there's all this fuss there's all this
talk about Kylie Jenner being pregnant
and I'm just like yo who cares if Kylie
Jenner's pregnant I've been pregnant for
five months now nobody gives a sh I just
had to say that cleared off my chest
damn apparently this hotel is like one
of the most haunted hotels in Italy but
I do get a weird vibe from it like look
at this this is weird that's weird look
at that but yo Jake Pollard's have
already found me I haven't posted
anywhere I haven't posted any vlogs I
don't know how the jig collars already
are here look at this yo the Jake
Pollard's are the strong show me healthy
I really have a zero idea on how they
know where we are already my girl right
there literally has the merch on Lincoln
why I always plugged well like seriously
she's got the merch on in the middle of
Italy like what are we doing what is
this movement I love you guys a few
moments later
Jimbo maybe it was you the whole time it
was a good kind of sabotage your hair is
so long views on the inside job picking
us up logging I just thought it was
gonna be okay about the whole school
it's about to get one row 20 minutes
later yo I really don't know like what
is going on right now I'm so surprised
Logan shows up in Italy he won't tell me
if he's getting a Lamborghini or not
with me and I'm just like so confused
I'm so distraught he flew 14 hours here
just we're about to have so much fun but
because like I don't know what's going
on I think I have to change the shirt
like it says lambreaux because I was
gonna be the only bro with a Lambo my
nipples hanging out still but I gotta
change it because I just don't feel
right so I know I got on that Jake Paul
March hottest march in the game you
already know sorry that was way too
close
Logan's uncle Kate is here how was your
flight bro it was not great at all mine
was I that was not a first-class place
sorry you know I start using more
clickbait game yeah clickbait titles
will get you $8,000 first-class seats
my brother is buying a Lamborghini with
me both of your faces in the thumbnail
and then your name and then Logan's name
in all capitals and not the less the
screech and here we are boys and girls
be a doozy ignore actors can't buy
Lambos oh look at this bro look at that
Shh
low get low get low strike scream run
run I mean you're with some Jake
Pollard's we're trying to get the best
food aids that's I don't know the old
director ill sOooo injuries though these
are my guys let's go let's run it up
he's not good bro we're you doing with
those lasers kind are you
Italy camera flip I have to do it one
time for the one time I here we go guys
we're just having fun in the streets of
Italy this is so much fun I love this
city it's beautiful the people are
awesome they're so nice the respective
vlog game and make sure you guys cop the
hottest march in the game hit that link
in the description guys before the
products run out I am signing off oh
it's everyday bro peace
yeah every day bro peace was good that's
good alright bye everyone's nice here
it's everyday bro
peace Jake Pollard's what's pop and
check out this new March that marches
hot boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake vol 2 which you guys
can subscribe to right now and if you
want to see more content from everyone
in the house our group channel is called
team 10 chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
