so we're out here the music videos lit
but we got clouds rolling in it's about
to start storming we might have to
cancel the shoot Jake Pollard's was go
chase we're out here it is a music video
time I hope you guys are having a great
day I hope you're smiling I got my
flippers on what I do what I do guys
follow me let me show you what is going
down you got my boy rich on the sticks
we got red cameras big cameras we got
mansions look at this guy's it all came
together last minute
it is a scorcher today we need to have
them shades on because guys the Sun is
out it is literally a hundred degrees
look at this Rolls Royce look at the
double arm double oh my god guys this
music video I'm telling you is going to
be legendary and the reason why I'm
walking over here is not for the vlog it
is because I'm trying to get in that AC
though I'm already dripping sweat just
from that mr. yeah we got Captain Jack
say it for me say it boy boy boy
good day double O Joe is back on the
scene looking agent Joe he's doing agent
thing he's on the phone he's making
business deals kids get your flippers at
home guys don't like I'm chilling like
reading books already died sliding books
parts books first all right so now we're
in the backyard check this out house
cool and guys if you're new year I'm
Jake Paul and it is lit every single day
bro today we are in Miami shooting a
music video with Gucci Mane for our new
song together your good morning man
run around Iran I'm gonna give you a
little bit of the taste of how the music
videos gonna look it looks cool right
now watch this today guys you can call
me Paul bird call me Paul Berg because I
am directing this music video guys so
I'm basically like gonna be like
Spielberg or Paul Burke
where's your flippers kids I'm
legitimately dripping so much sweat it
is a scorcher it's a scorcher just like
this song this way director fault right
there is good I'm directing stuff come
on bring it down this way that way this
way that way I'm like the guy on the
terminals the airplane here we go
where you going I'm in the rolls back up
kids
I lost Jake for a minute cause he's
taking a break directing but I just
found how's it going it's a scorcher you
literally stand out there for seconds
you need to go by the fan and get that
cool off baby we need you back out there
directing
yes bring her in there it's good I'm
shirtless now - it's too hot it's a
scorcher it's lit homie director Paul
Berg lighting on fleek is too hot for
this policy it's going great we're
getting shot it's too hot
yes oh my nips are out we need girls
we're getting the girls you can't do a
music video without the girls you need
girls you need cars nice house I like
that we got the girls look at this this
is beautiful and the first shots about
to go down no it's so hot it's about to
thunderstorm now you're getting it don't
put your flippers on kids if the
problems are coming look at Anthony's
got it yeah I got a good one later so
we're out here the music videos lit but
we got clouds rolling in it's about to
start storming we might have to cancel
the shoot we don't know what's going on
Jake's dying out there
sweating like crazy my man is working
hard the rain is holding off for now
while my boys grind it Jojo what if it
rains on it's looking bad I'm gonna have
to cancel the shoot under the thingy now
I have this little puppy huh she's gonna
make in the music videos yeah
Apollo's got more followers we're still
back here we got the big cameras out
baby for this next shot I'm gonna go
flying off of this thing into the pool
in a full Gucci outfit that costs $5,000
just bought yesterday I'm bad this is
what it's for the music video I'm gonna
go flying in jump into the pool in a
full outfit it's about to be lit you
understand what I'm saying agent Joe
yeah agent Joe how is the shoot going
we've turned it around since the rain
stopped Erica how's the shoot going
great I made out with a go yesterday
you know I just just run it just run it
this is dumb this is do it let's do it
just doing our
oh my gosh oh my gosh it's ruined throw
up it's done it's ruined forever it's
done mom I'm sorry I could have bought
you a house instead of this guy's I just
won't let you know that these shoes are
12,000 I mean $2,000
yep 2,000 up flow they're gone you gotta
get the water out okay take to dig do we
found a Jake polar on set she's got the
merch on Lincoln by always long what's
your name fancy oh you wanna go in the
pool here we go the Jake ballers are
always late we ride city bikes into the
ponds everything I don't know but this
music video shoot is on fire
you did good high five yeah told myself
live right seems like right music video
is still going insane guys we're about
to do some car shots to be the most fire
music video hey they don't know how to
take off the top what are we gonna do
guys this music videos crazy like I'm
sweating we're driving around Lambos my
boy Jagger
we got the video ographers look at this
guy's the videographer is hanging out
the back of this light look at this the
guys filming it out the back of this
truck like he's about to fall off but
it's for the vlog it's for the video you
guys are gonna love this one Anthony a
number back there in the Rolls Royce
this is LA guys this is Hollywood we're
just trying to deliver you that heat
we're going to Italy soon to pick up the
perform on Tay I'm gonna be a Lambo
owner soon just waiting on a dev he's
about to fall off the back cops Oh giant
cameras hanging off the back
I promise you this videos gonna be of
the most lit one yet I make a promise on
that Jake polish we're connected we're
best friends we're family two hours late
to school
I've been shooting all day this music
video is going to be insane guys but
check out this right now this is the
beautiful Miami still getting shot still
grimy and guys the vlog is just getting
started but the grind is real and we're
gonna continue to get shots we're just
out here grinding and that's all there
is to do we have this giant camera on
this boat because we're crazy 20 minutes
later 11 o'clock at night
I'm exhausted guys so this is what the
grind is about just finishing up the
music video walking off the bow right
now that's a wrap on day 1 of the shoot
we're still gonna have more shoots to
come for this specific music video
because right now guys it was a scorcher
today the best of all bullet director
Paul Berg directing it you guys are
gonna love the music video this is all
about the grind hey Erica I'm stoked for
y'all to see it and right now guys I
want to react she's trying to sneak by
what are you sneaking by I'm want to
react to my brother and i's old vines yo
and i don't think a lot of you guys have
seen these before like this is like when
I was like 17 18 years old back but now
you're new a little puppy boy but before
that I want to ask both of you a
question what's something that you have
done that your parents still don't know
about what is your what is your
interview Christ oh my no but he got wet
oh I stole my stepdads mercedes-benz and
hit 160 on the highway
what's the minutes you've done that your
parents Ullman still won't know about
hmm
I have attacked you though they don't
know about what I am Maya vanish Erica
sorry Jesus
anyway it's our lives reacts to these
vines oh oh
so fire Logan has a beard broke hungry
ugly I mean you look really good
those are my shorts first of all how
about whoever those are yours
those are my Shore I look so dumb I look
so dumb
oh my god Logan's beard Hey oh yeah I
hate that I hate him look his beard he's
just like a man Logan I just have to say
bro you've gotten so much better looking
yeah thank God you shave that beard oh
we got in so much trouble for that one
this is an Ohio this took like hours of
film that's my old house Oh bro we're
both ugly I don't know what happened no
he's still ugly am i ugly oh man they
got like I don't know John Oh charlie
bit me Oh charlie whatever you do don't
touch my style was wack there's a but
that top true that that's kind of like
Logan so bad at dancing oh my god I was
here for this
I was literally off to the side just
watching
it's just George in the soup oh he gets
naked here watch don't skip leg day this
is fake
yeah this is a fake yeah I got that guy
to react like this reaction I'm sorry
I'll fake it exact
I remember you I knew so Bravo
I have these orange shoes still to
remember you by my hobbies aren't you
who's that oh you yeah it's our
University we got Augie Logan Logan look
at it look at his sweater right look at
this what is he wearing oh this is
sweater again hey Louis
need you oh I got pays like ten times
for this one because my dad my dad was
filming that one and my dad can't film
firstly this one's lit this one is a
shot not a professional camera just
watch the effect watch the effect I'm
really watching the already I'm ready
don't watch the face you don't know I
did that my face stayed in the same spot
but it was ooming in oh yeah okay that's
some good minds
ballers thank you so much for watching
it's not a coin if you haven't already
capped the hot new much this is emerge
but cop the hot anymore
join the Jake Waller family the hottest
march in the game I love you all thank
you so much for watching this is a grind
day baby hey come back on my tripod and
you're back and don't forget about the
beats giveaway guys check this out if
you follow me on instagram you have a
chance to win these beats so hit me up
there and Jake ballers I will see y'all
tomorrow because every day bro peace
yeah Jake Pollard's what's poppin check
out this new merch
oh that marches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited-time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
