Jake Wohlers first things first it's
everyday bro I can think second it is
everyday bro no matter what you think
I'll take him out no I'm still posted
might not be a blog but I'm still
posting I don't miss base ever wanted to
follow me an insert magic but guys yeah
here's the thing here's the problem
here's what's going down here's what it
is here's what I'm telling you we are in
the airport right now
oh I'm just messing everything up we're
in the airport right now and is trying
to upload on this computer the thing is
we're catching a flight in a matter of a
second it's telling you seconds and we
don't have enough Wi-Fi or strong enough
Wi-Fi to be able to post it I mean
clearly this Airport doesn't have a good
Wi-Fi there's sandwiches a joke
sandwiches are joke kids so is your
Wi-Fi and so we're screwed basically
we're screwed
and we are on a flight to Italy so that
the vlog will not be posted for like
it's a long time it's like a 12-hour
flight so it's kind of a situation you
know what I'm saying but like and that's
like I can't see you I can't see you I
don't think it's gonna upload hum but
the good news is is that I'm gonna go
get a Lamborghini in Italy so that's
cool that's really cool I like acne but
these are but Jake it's not even sunny
outside what do you do it I don't know
but it's still everyday bro and you will
have two uploads potentially tomorrow
dad and I'm making this video and just
in case I have to post an allow you
probably well how'd you post this or
well this one's not like 10 gigabytes
like my other stuff so I can post this
one or I might send it to someone on
Sudan I don't know what I have to do
it's an emergency situation what's mine
making this and that's why I had these
glasses on I blacked out all the
emergencies you know I'm saying so Jake
polish I will see you maybe in my I
don't know I'll see you maybe in a
little bit because it's everyday bro
