chance might have a new girlfriend I
don't know but I know one thing for sure
I have a new car good morning Jacob
haulers guys we have a couple of
problems
number one the dish track we made on
team 10 it's to fire bro I'm gonna play
it for you Tony
well now right now okay another problem
chance still won't give us an exclusive
interview about chesa jmz here reporting
live I'm trying to get an exclusive
interview with chance he's avoiding us
at all costs you won't talk about the
relationship the situation please back
up and just get into it sometime no just
back up okay but if you're too far back
I'm gonna smack you and the third
problem is that the guy down there
doesn't have any marks we're still in
Miami and I still need to call my mom
and figure out why she was crying about
Lyla Jim my mom was crying I don't know
we have even more problems guys the
biggest music video shoot of my life of
my whole entire life is tomorrow nothing
is planned I was sitting there and I was
making calls this morning to try and
figure everything out why are you moving
everywhere I was making calls this
morning trying to figure out everything
everything out and I didn't really make
a lot of progress overall the clip I'm
in a music video and I just needed to
like take off and get some shots of me
like riding around in the helicopter do
you know anybody who will be able to do
this it's for gucci mane
I need to call somebody else can anybody
give me helicopters Jesus I'm trying to
vlog here I'm not whining I'm filming a
music video don't read my text I'm
filming a music video with gucci mane
well it's gotta be fire I'm not a
production manager I'm a vlogger well
you shouldn't have made all that
McDonald's I'm calling everybody I know
I'm calling their mothers you know what
let me call my mom see if she has a
helicopter I think this guy has
helicopters oh do you have helicopters
somebody told me you have helicopters
what do you got asshole I need a boat
did you just say Erica's heart oh this
is my mood right now manager Kevin we
need helicopters holy shut up Tony
manager Kevin I need a holocaust ever I
put up with you out the man it's this
I got your helicopter where is it we got
that it's good we got the helicopter
okay hold on I'll be right back
manager Kevin I need a boat I need a
boat manager Kevin
Oh Rick this guy I just been yelling
behind the camera I wasn't so clearly I
didn't make any progress guys and now
it's time to make progress I've been
working all morning on it but anyways
guys if you're new here I'm Jake Paul
and it is lit every single day bro I
want to make sure you guys are smile and
put a smile on your face right now be
positive enjoy life for what it is be
grateful for everything you have ya know
there's a litter and guys without any
further ado let's slip in do that thang
alrighty on the move now
we're in the streets guys going to get
some props for the music video tomorrow
but I am NOT able to put out this team
10 district because it is 2/7 like I
said I'm a savage and I was recording
with miles the Sabbat so it got to seven
chance that he did I want to hear mom do
I have Trisha to play your part of the
district yeah okay your mom's a cougar
yeah this is hot and she texts me I mean
okay I'm not met but the rest of the
song just goes like way too in and I'm
gonna have to break the news to miles
that we can't we can't put out the song
I think he's gonna be really upset
we might have to redo it make another
song I don't know how many people we're
here to get props for the music video
shoot there's a Gucci store inside so I
can get some Gucci props I also need a
giant fur coat y'all trying to be like
me like swag like at a giant faux fur
coat is lit
you know tell me if that's a girl's what
that's woman's no but this is just dude
it doesn't matter there's a little small
it's a little small but I like it but
this is what I'm using video attire okay
they don't have coats here no there's no
fur coats here Jake what are you doing
for fur coats damn it how hot is it to
get fucked out in Miami G yeah also I'm
gonna need to take your hat it's Gucci
hats you the music video with gucci mane
tomorrow huh we got it we found it I
don't know if that fur coat all right so
Tony the designer got me with an all red
track jumpsuit blue this is hot leave it
oh okay
okay the plane Gucci shirt you know what
I'm saying tomorrow uh Jake Paul blogs
you'll get to see the whole thing
tomorrow on Jake Paul vlogs back to you
Jake so you never like really wanted
these glasses right here there are
thousand dollars oh they're like Gucci
glasses he's like looking at stuff but
he's been my best friend since eighth
grade and add this to it all right
sometimes you just gotta show a little
love a little appreciation he raised as
my back he's a ride-or-die so I'm gonna
count from the glasses and surprisin yes
idea so I like boys and girls and dogs
and cats
we are officially now officially a tree
selling more stuff it's a great starter
Anthony did you forget something you
forgot something in the store
are you gonna marry me it looks like
it's like a necklace or something so
just open it up those are the sunglasses
you wanted I got you them bro my best
friend
those are lit what I'm on bro put them
on for the vlog no probably not all
right guys we're leaving the mall now we
got a bunch of Gucci stuff but I still
want a giant fur coat I'm gonna be next
to gucci mane he's a boss I need a giant
fur coat so I'm gonna start making some
calls here hello they didn't have a fur
coat all right people so we are here
going to uncle Rick's house I don't know
if you guys remember uncle Rick from the
vlog couple days ago now I asked myself
we're in Miami at 8 o'clock it almost at
night am i able to get a fur coat I need
one ASAP Uncle Rick looks like he would
have a fur coat a giant fur coat down
all the way to the all the way to the
ankles he definitely has them I have
faith he doesn't know we're coming but
we're gonna find his house somewhere yes
he does living above uncle Rick lives in
one of these boats on the water I think
he's here
oh no this boat he definitely has a fur
coat bro we're moving here right now we
came here because it's a long story but
I basically knitted plenty of time he's
got time he's okay how pretty this this
is lit he'll uncle Rick's a legend yo
uncle Rick do you by chance have a giant
fur coat no no I need a fur coat you're
our last hope you know who be have
wooden toys sister what I got you Susie
don't worry I'll show you around here
bro what I didn't even know there's a
staircase right here where everybody
comes down here they never leave I don't
bling we're gonna get out Miami were
here no I still need a fur coat though
damn it all right I'll go wreck thanks
for the tour it's our pleasure
Hey
keep on killing the game back killing
people and putting him on your boat so
he didn't have a fur coat but it was a
legendary experience life is about
experiences let's keep on experiencing
yeah All Right see you in a sec all
right so our driver isn't in the car but
the lights are off so he's gonna get in
the car like waiting for us and then
we're gonna scare this guy he thinks
were coming back to the car
oh my god you get scared or poison beast
we're about to meet up with Miles the
savage and now we are searching every
store in Miami and we ran into captain
Captain Jack we're searching every store
in Miami for a fur coat let's go oh my
god it's a fast
that's not cool enough don't make a
scene Anthony you're making a scene oh
you're making a scene all right I'm
sorry - Jesus don't make a scene
let me try it on let me try on I tried I
tried on you take back you take so long
I think it's a girl size not the one for
you what's up my dude I'm still trying
to get boats and helicopters helicopters
anyone you're Jake Bohm you're Jake Paul
it's my restaurant this is called plot
yo it's my restaurant
Jake Paul Jake Paul uh where do you want
me to start you need help cooking no I
can't go back there boys what it's mine
now you can record you gotta go where
they kicked me out of my own restaurant
that's what I said this could work maybe
no I don't know it's not far enough
it's not fair enough Oh Rach it's a
couple minutes later guys
we still have an exclusive story on the
line is Chester real does chance have a
girlfriend I texted him I was like yo
chance I need to talk to you about
something really important he just
called me I'm gonna call him back and
get the exclusive update father I need a
we I just need to talk to you about
something important do you have a couple
seconds TMZ exclusive is Chester real
are you single do you have a girlfriend
what is the status chance bro do you
have a girlfriend well that's our answer
thanks chance chance might have a new
girlfriend I don't know but I know one
thing for sure I have a new car check it
out right here introducing you to the
baby group it's a milk look at this
thing guys which we do drive it yeah I
think we should drive it that's it how
do you work this yo yo look at how sick
this thing is oh my gosh
i pimped my ride for a golf cart you're
probably wondering Jake how did you get
this and I'm wondering the same thing go
Oh over over hey come on what driving it
e we're driving it you want to get on
come on you know what I realize bro this
would be the perfect music video vehicle
it's an MV v row tell me gucci mane
isn't gonna look dope right there Gucci
and I were like this watch
I'll give them a sneak peek come on over
are you waiting for an uber
all right cheer later cool kids you know
all right miles
what do you want to say to the Jake
ballers you guys aren't ready for the
song they're not ready I'm miles yo I
you know we made the diss track but it
was too savage
yeah I'm saying we killed it too hard
we're not gonna be able to put it out
unfortunately you don't I'm saying what
we're gonna do is we're gonna redo it
what we're gonna redo it we will find
some time to get you to Los Angeles and
make a music video okay all right my man
bring it in
there's awesome hanging out with you
until next time miles well let's go in
the baby girl
they're getting crazy over the baby grew
its biggest leg so we're back in the
house what is going what is going down
guys I still didn't get a fur coat what
you know I have some goo up Paul March
ready for the music video shoot tomorrow
I am so high this is big this is huge
like it's gonna be epic I managed to get
a boat I managed to get cars I still
haven't gotten a helicopter but I got my
Gucci outfit Anthony got his sunglasses
I find ya you my best friend Bravo yeah
I love you too guys and Jake callers
make sure you joined the family smash
that subscribe bye and join the
strongest team on YouTube copy yourself
some hot new merch as always represent
it hard dress in style and get it before
it sells out guys we're always always
selling out of items I'm sorry for today
don't forget about the beats giveaway
guys I used to do is follow me on
Instagram adjectives in the winners soon
and I will see y'all tomorrow because
they're summery day bro please Jake
Pollard's wet stop and check out this
new March that marches hot boy new items
of merchandise limited time click the
link make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
Boosh
