not everything you could do what are you
trying to make a song about you're
trying to roast team ten I don't know if
we can do that because I feel bad
they're all my friends good morning
squad today we are starting the day off
with our cards stacked against us let me
explain what is going on we have three
days here left in Miami three we have to
film two music videos make one song we
have a ton of people's problems to fix
there's basically a lot going on one of
the music videos is gonna be with Gucci
Mane's I don't know what is going on
there's a ton to go over today that Jake
Paul roast winner is in town we were
about to go hang out with him apparently
chance has a new girlfriend yo do you
know anything about this Tony he has a
girlfriend
my best friend bro this is why we need
to talk about it take the camera back
but he has a girlfriend oh I don't know
but if you're new here I'm Jake Paul
there's a lot going on in my life right
now LeBron James apparently is talking
about us listen listen listen listen
listen listen today is gonna be a crazy
day
stay tuned let's do that
you're back with me Jake Pollard's good
morning and once again welcome to my
life weren't a Lambo early morning Lambo
action that is the way to start off your
day yo put your seatbelt on right now we
are on our way to meet with the Jake
Paul roast challenge winner so if you
guys don't know what happened I
basically challenged a bunch of people
on the internet who roast me to diss me
and we have a winner and we were about
to make a song with him and we're about
to make a music video with him but I
want to make sure you guys are smiling I
want to make sure you guys are working
hard I want to make sure you dabbing on
them haters and I want to make sure
y'all are Gucci cause if you ain't Gucci
then you're not doing it big kids my
boy's name is miles guys so miles I made
a diss track on me I'll show you the
diss track in a second but I want you
guys to meet him first because he's an
absolute savage for usual people we got
a big day ahead of us I'm so excited I
can't wait to get my Lambo guys that is
the other piece of news I'm going to
Italy in like a couple of days to
finally see the Lambo that I got after
like months and months of waiting all
right let's meet miles yo my boy is
right here I don't even know how old he
is bring it in yo give me a hug give me
a hug look you know he's a star there
was something Jake ballers your son's a
beast you have you ever seen a
Lamborghini no here it is i'ma let you
drive it is okay if he drives it did you
drive it right is he have his license
yes no Ron Ron how does it feel to be
the winner of the Jay Paul Rose
challenge
feels awesome there was so many good
dish what's up man my song is your Fang
and like my daughter I'm married I'm
Baltimore tell him I said hi okay where
are you from I'm from Kentucky can't
compete no what would you rather have
Kentucky Fried Chicken or hiyo fried
chicken
and how old are you I'm 9
you're 9 I feel he's more qualified than
you are logging ok you can have it take
it it's yours alright guys wait till you
see like my boy miles I already love him
wait till you see this diss track that
he made on me not only is it fire not
only is he 9 years old who's nothing
oh my Myles calm down money he's firing
up the Lambo Jake what did you do today
a nine-year-old drove my lambo but
anyways he was one of the first people
to submit the diss tracks like he was on
top of it
ok parents did you know that your son
was making a diss track online
no so when when when he won like did he
have to explain it to you like what was
the process like 800 likes already said
ok where did he get his bars from are
you a rapper no you got the bar
somewhere
I don't even rap I'm not even a rapper
but I do have a song with Gucci me so
street cred hi alright miles not being
art let me tell you about my best friend
my models your first time in a
Lamborghini go puke you're not
camera-shy you're a rapper bro ok so I'm
gonna play you his diss track right now
you guys are gonna get to watch it roll
the clip how do you feel serious to do
what's your freakin deal every day bro
fresh boy from Ohio we hit your frickin
mud and your second bio I'm gonna show
you how to make a real distress not some
second Nick krumping
you're not relevant shut up bro you
roasted me good job I have a question
though at the end of the video someone
goes yeah brother
yo I died at that for I was dying bro
guys they were also there are also some
other really good and I'm driving yeah
they're also some really good we're
walking here we're going to get bagels
right now there are also a ton of other
Jay Paul roasts challenge videos that I
liked I'm gonna play little what are you
doing over here
I'm gonna play parts of some of the
other videos that I liked thank you to
everyone who participated in it thank
you to everyone who roasted me I loved
getting roasted check out some of these
other take Paul Rhoads challenge videos
you saw this online the only reasonable
it was to cover it in Gilroy nigga grave
it doesn't burn Korans call and hang
your shirt stop plugging like a merge
which one goes like make me go
something is a dumb idea Jesus miles you
know I'm gonna sit right here while we
drive let's sit right here
okay that's enough so put your foot on
okay you know what I don't think he can
drive he doesn't know which one's the
brake and which one's the gas I'll just
drive us there we don't want to die you
know what I mean Paul Cogan
I kill I I wrestled him one time wrong
yeah cool
what what did you say
I said nothing miles you know what this
means now all right do you know why you
are here in Miami flown down we're
making a song together bro we're making
a song together dude out of everything
you could do what are you trying to make
a song about you're trying to roast team
ten yeah I don't know if we can do that
because I feel bad they're all my
friends
alright so we're getting bagels now I
love miles bro like he means a lot to me
we were talking a little bit off-camera
- he's such a nice kid he's from
Kentucky which is next to Ohio so he
wants to make a diss track on team ten
what's your background oh that's low
gang and then the low gang callers are
the strongest family on the Internet
facts my boy wants to make a diss track
on team ten I'm down I feel like I'd
feel bad dissing you oh my god don't be
up Paul would you feel bad yeah I put
that on my Instagram follow me add Jake
Paul beats giveaway right now huh my boy
have you ever had a bagel I've never had
a bagel hit the bagel dance form one
time
Matt please have all of those bagels
every single button from just kidding
not really alright we finished eating I
still don't over here make a team to end
this track you want to go meet Erica my
boy wants to meet Erica he says he's
gonna marry her whom I have to kill them
20 minutes later from the best
well before you were shooting us look
what's on his phone will you marry me
I'm gonna kill him just so you know
here's the thing when I prank you I
don't ruin your whole entire day it's
just now now you're done do you want
some more yes put on that March
it's the highest March you got a copy
going on the description and SMERSH it I
like this I like this a lot I'll sign it
bro I'll sign it you know what time it
is though right now does anyone know
what time it is it's time it's time it's
time to call Janice so we're facetiming
chance right now because apparently he
has an ube or so he doesn't he's
avoiding us no he posted this picture on
his IG story boom everybody's talking
about like who is this I know like who
is she
people are freaking out because they're
like what what about chesa I mean I was
clearly well I don't know I don't know
these things I'm out of the loop
actually called Tessa then everyone's
avoiding me
they know I'm dr. Phil they know I'm
about to figure out their problems they
just know that they're about to get
exposed as well which all of this leads
me to my next you want to vlog here you
hold it which all of this leads me to my
next point Justin miles I'm just gonna
vlog for you Justin yes have you ever
had a girlfriend no I'm a date for
Justin yo that's what I'm saying bro
Justin's a beast not only did it Drake
shout him out now LeBron is talking
about this kid wall of the video of
LeBron incoming freshman here shadowing
you know the upperclassmen
he showed me around campus he showed me
around campus right now okay so the
video isn't actually about Justin but if
you edit it he's not talking about
Justin but if you edit it in the right
way
edit it like this incoming freshman then
he's talking about Justin I like this
kid already you guys birth the legend
did you know this Justin needs to go on
a date with a girl they need to write a
poem they need to write a poem so it
needs to be an older girl because they
need to teach him how to be like a
senior 17 so guys if you think you have
what it takes to go on a day with Justin
write a poem in the comments and we're
gonna pick one of them and we'll fly you
out to Los Angeles to go just the first
applicant bro that might be the best
applicant he's gonna go so nothing I
don't say anything so write a poem
Justin's gonna read through some of them
and pick someone to go on a date with
I'm the problem fixer Jake the problem
fixer what
he's not a problem fixer let me tell you
all right so Anthony what problems are
you having in your life I can't dunk I'm
gonna solve this problem you don't know
you're right problem fixed does anyone
want to know my problem yeah I have a
lot of problems my mom thinks that I'm
like gonna die because of my vlogs
she thinks that like I'm too crazy she
thinks that I'm like addicted to
vlogging I'm gonna fix the problem hi
mom I'm calling you to fix my problem we
heard you're worried mom it's Anthony
here you know you're Jake's best friend
for years you know you love me
oh Tesla Brooks is calling haha this is
even more juice juice yeah we're like
TMZ we go for the juicer yo what's up
Tessa so what's up with chesa is it over
with let me ask you this did you see him
post a girl on his Instagram story let
you last night
great content is all of team ten there
okay wait can I ask you guys a question
would you be meant to be mad if I made a
diss track on all of you I said go for
it yo-yo would you care if I made a diss
track about team ten I'm sad I'm gonna
roast you too okay you care if I make a
diss track on team ten okay I'm calling
my mom back we have to fix this problem
mom are you free tomorrow then no okay
I'll call you tomorrow to fix the
problem tomorrow TV show we can't just
root it all in one episode come on yeah
if there's too much good content today
already tomorrow on Jay Paul vlogs we'll
find out the problem of what's going on
with
Pam Stephanie and her son Jake Paul so
guys I'm gonna call my mom tomorrow and
figure out what the problem is I don't
even know what's going down I don't know
what my name is but I do know that there
are some life updates for you guys one
Apollo is in puppy training school I
miss him so much look at a picture of
Amy so cute too my dad is in Los Angeles
right now trying to figure out how I'm
gonna buy this house we're still working
on getting the new tube house it's lit
and number three uh let's go okay so now
we are making a concoction with my boy
miles we're about to prank Erica we came
in she starts squirting us with water
guns almost breaks my camera we put this
inside of there Oh bro ain't that squirt
yeah Oh two eggs
I'll take the shell out because I love
her milk oh this is gross bro now we're
gonna put a full banana in there we'll
play games Erica I think it needs more
mustard did you fart
no you farted sorry Erica oh my gosh
it's working no I should get Anthony -
Anthony was shooting at me - okay so
they went down to the pool we're gonna
run up on her she's probably just gonna
think it's water she's gonna make oh my
god stop it and then she's gonna poop
what was in there vinegar no bro its
water all right miles you know what time
it is it's time to go to the studio guys
we've been in the studio for a couple of
hours now miles has been chilling the
flipping game bro channel linking yo how
fire is it like an ashtray gas with no
homies Oh
okay straight gasp I like that your son
is a savage you know this right you said
if I make you some extra flour I'll be
in team ten did I say that I don't think
I said that you know that we're dissing
team ten no so you have to diss yourself
guys I can't wait for you guys to hear
this too I want to you tend to like
react to it and everything the whole
nine yards it's weird kind of dissing
your best friends but I didn't diss them
too hard kind of where the studio circle
house studios in Miami there's like
pools and stuff too it's lit he's got
the merch on and everything too Captain
Jack in the corner what I do what I do
we run it up guys get the house now make
sure you copy yourself some hot new
merch guys we're about to sell out of a
lot of items so go and get it while you
can
it's about getting better every day it's
about grinding every day it's about
smiling every day that's all represented
in the merch become a part of the
community the family it's every day bro
squad and don't forget about the beats
giveaway all you have to do is follow me
on Instagram and you might have a chance
to win some Wireless beats guys my boy
smile my boy miles killed it today I
can't wait for you guys to see this diss
track are you good holding that light
Tony yeah I mean I'm just trying to get
some perfect wedding you see how
difficult it is like sometimes you get
the mic shadow in there you know it's
just like I forgot what I was saying
inside your shoulders get tired and I
think boys I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's everyday bro
Jake Pollard's wets pop and check out
this new March that marches hot boy new
items of merchandise limited-time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake vol 2 which you guys can subscribe
to right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
