for the first time the house yeah hotel
now good morning Jay Paul's call me
housekeeper jinuk Oh cuz I keep houses
if you know what I mean you're new here
I'm Jake Paul and it is lit every single
day brah another day another New York
another card Allah we have such open day
ahead of us it's gonna be lit guys we go
to Miami okay Erica is there I think
Apollo is gonna be there why why do you
call erica erica what do it all the time
kid what do i do yeah call you call
Erica Jerrica why do they call a guy
dick if his name is Richard good answer
shut up you know already killing it in
New York I'm upside down now look at
this light look at that light how cool
is that
oh I got my tattoo yesterday a new
tattoo I'd lift I'm still really sick
guys please back up so I look better on
camera please back up Oh what is this
intro bro what is this intro I don't
know but like I said it's live every
single day bro and if you haven't joined
the Jake Paula family already what are
you doing what are you doing
you're not Steven Spielberg get him out
of here get him out of here come on I
just fired my best friend Tony Tony what
is going on guys without any further
do let's flip in do hey what's up guys
I'm here with some Jay Paul errs they
found me on the streets of New York
we're out here mopping we're out here
doing it you guys know the songs right
channel flow yeah alright guys so now
I'm in the streets of New York Anthony
left me but out yo we got to do this
thing I'm gonna go guys are Italy bye
alright guys so like I said Anthony left
me he is going to Miami and I am going
to meet him later we're gonna group up
with the squad and I'm also meeting
someone who is like a best friend to me
who I've never met before we talk all
the time we talk every day
his name is Jack and so I'm like kinda
nervous to meet him you guys are gonna
meet him as well what we have a lot to
do right now before I go to Miami or in
New York City it's particularly does
anybody have food do you have food I see
you two matching I know you got there's
a food got food oh yeah yeah I know you
two baraja I need food I'm in New York
City I can't even get some food what is
this why can't I get some food I'm going
back over this man trying to get
something you guys got food they don't
got food what's going on people you
can't go onto a flight without some food
my man I'm trying to get some strombolis
do you know where the strombolis are
what about bagels - bagels I can't help
you know where the bagels are no other
bakeries bro you gotta hit the bagel
dance for me one time I can't do that
all right just make the promise to me
that when you go home you're gonna hit
the bagel dance by yourself in the
mirror okay I'll do that
that's my flippin boy I need some bagels
ah memories I can't help but notice
these bikes and just think of the Jake
Paul who went flying into the ocean
legendary turn your sirens on if you
think I'm sexy yo guys the vlogs all
over the place right now cuz I'm lit I
don't know what's going on but I do know
a couple things I'm wearing all-black
fire I'm in New York fire and I got a
vlog camera fire that's all I got my
friends left me I'm by myself it's a
solo mission right now chance Anthony
where are you guys are you guys Jake
Pollard's Oh Jake Paul I know you know I
did not think you were gonna say that
what is going on he knows the game will
you let me tell you someone no I can't
tell you anybody I'm not mad at I'm just
gonna taste Nick when I get home Stig
playing Frogger
leave it brogre go look I'm just trying
to find how bagel with some cream cheese
none this guy's chasing me why I love
you oh yeah
oh you hope see you later
oh god I'm bored and hungry
I need a bagel man do you know where the
bagels are well looks like they're in
the corner
ah there's so many corners you know what
I mean look at all these corners yes I'm
gonna get this for Erica
I'm meeting Erica in Miami limit she's
gonna love this just for you thank you I
love you
yeah anyways oh sorry
oh you think I'm hot too wow there's a
lot of these anyways I have a rose for
Erica now but I still have any bagels
I kid you not you have to walk like
eight miles in New York to get a bagel
are you blogging I found a fellow
vlogger guys got to be like this good
morning Jake Pollard's you guys they
start vlogging it's very lucrative the
March sounds like a guy Church look at
this hot bagels they better have bagels
oh my god they better have bagels oh my
god they got bagels
I just wanted some bagels vans kids when
adversity comes to your face and it'll
come in many different forms sometimes
you won't be able to get a bike but you
gotta rise like a tide see later man let
me get a bagel do you got a bagel no do
you got a bagel do you got a bagel now
you're probably wondering why don't you
go get a bagel from the bagel store that
you went to a couple of days ago guys
that place is like 45 minutes away I
don't have 45 minutes I gotta make a
flight to Miami to say hi to Erica to
meet up back with Anthony and to meet up
with Jack
Captain Jack he's the background on my
phone you think it's a game you guys
have bagels oh sweet Jesus it says pick
a bagel I might miss my flight cuz of a
bagel from hungry lonely
I'm bagel as' do you have bagels kids
this is what winning looks like my
security guard is calling me hello 7:30
I'm walking back to the hotel right now
we'll make the flight I'm not walking
back to the hotel but I do have my
bagels I might miss my flight but it's
worth it hi are you yeah let's take a
picture in the face of adversity when
you can't get a bagel you man up when
you get bagel I'm a happy boy now I have
a bagel everyone looks at me while I'm
bugging sorry guys
ya know whatever I start all you know
I'm really loud their lip back there
that's what I love to see in people
people with energy people with
excitement whatever I start vlogging
everyone's just like Hema Wednesday's
can with a camera see what I'm saying
like but I got a half a bagel for the
road I gotta hit the airport with some
squad say hi all the presidents from
like all the countries are having a
meeting here and so all of the streets
are like shut down so I could miss my
flight but I got a half a bagel so it's
fine one hour later I'm so late you're
always 5:40 my flight boards in like 20
minutes I got my stuff my phone died
I'm dying out here I'm so late every
president and all the countries in the
world are here I don't know we made a
lot of breath you that was all for a
bagel bagels New York we flippin kills
you got a tattoo uh made a song with
gucci mane we got a banco got some
bagels performed in a street dancing
thing
but now Jerrica anthony jack miami I'm
coming for you guys just landed in Miami
I still think of it Erica who Rose I
think Anthony is here we are on two
different flights and I think Anthony is
here supposedly we were supposed to land
at the same time and I still have to
meet Captain Jack I'm getting nervous
because we've been like who like best
friends over the internet for like
almost a year and we haven't met this is
about to get real guys dude I missed you
too it was only like 10 minutes long
time but it was like 10 hours real time
I got a bagel family he'll then screw
you Tony I didn't need the bagel Vince I
made a cop doing yeah I did Jake you're
not a bag you always do this bro like
you're not a bad Jake anyway sorry Tony
bro about to hit you with the realness
are you nervous to meet Jack I'm not
nervous bro
cuz I'm a little bit nervous everyone in
team ten knows Jack look what I found in
a minute
my girls at the team 10 March I'm
Lincoln by always plug 20 minutes later
alrighty squad so we are where we're
staying in me ma we're not in New York
anymore Roseburg I brought this all the
way from New York for her I'm not gonna
meet Captain Jack for the first time
never knew
he's here oh my God look at it's weird
right
manager oh he's here look at this way ha
ha it's lit Erica I brought this rose
from New York for you oh did you really
she means he loves you good she's very
rude Wow chill till vlogs we trust in
vlogs that we trust
Oh like you don't really care about the
roads no I did no I just made it even
more pretty we're from Ohio one thing we
forgot to talk about is Jack here he's
British are you friends with Nick
Crompton England is my city
oh no you can't say that to Nick wait do
you have a Mini Cooper though in New
York anymore oh my god tomorrow we
should get him to drive on the right
side of the road seriously you know I
actually will he's got a style about it
today where's Erica Jericho
yeah merch is new the link is in the bio
- hey you Britt I got you some tape
there you go enjoy use mine yes
one even witness something I'm trying to
swim it's got something I'm trying to
swim in that I'm a vlogger mainly
alright guys well we are in Miami we're
here that is it for today if you haven't
already join the Jay Paul family cut
yourself some hot new merch this is
actually a new item guys there's a
limited amount of them so go check it
out keep on there I've been on them
haters keep on smiling guys smash that
subscribe button join the Jake Paula
family today and I tomorrow because it's
every day bro Jake Pollard's what's
poppin check out this new March that
March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
poof
