we're also going to get a couple of new
tattoos and playing we're gonna play a
random tattoo spin wheel hat game give a
random tattoo I don't know
morning Jake Pollard's what is going on
party people once
goichi another day another what do you
smell that
what did you to the freshmen fresh meat
anyways Jake Pollard's apparently we
added another member to his New York
squad today with my boy and today we are
about to kill it as usual hi Kate leg
cake Lottie kickboxing and 1 & 2 & 3
call me Tony Horton scissor get it guys
you know how we do it if you're new here
I'm Jake Paul and it's lit every single
day bro yo Justin what are you doing
dude you're in my blog you gotta put a
hat on what are you doing your Tony
needs put a hat on too bro what ready
Yeah right 3 2 so now the squad's I uh
ha ha we got our hats on you don't want
to mess with us baby New York we are
here don't mess with us or you'll be
sleeping with the fishes but squad
without any further ado throw your hat
throw your hat
Jesus Christ without any your broken Shh
Papa John's delivery how may I help you
you're paying for that I know you are
gonna have to drop out of high school
and get a real job and then and then pay
for that laughter you freshmen you this
is New York it's not a game anyways guys
sorry for the excitement we're just lit
cuz it's lit every single day Brooke
join the family now let's slip and do
that day
I got a call that there was a service
and everything's alright
oh yeah thanks hon yeah we're good do
you want to come in
it's gonna be in the vlog I'm good are
you know what I think it was the trash
can flying there that was pretty loud
right yeah sorry for the interruption
let's flip and do that
Oh your guy started the morning off
did you think that we weren't about to
get bagels oh let me it's a bagel that's
one time for the one bigger than fake
giggling Bigelow Bigelow Bigelow
I don't know prob
y'all got bagels I need four hundred it
sorry it is got really excited my my
bagels kids let me tell you about the
bagel making process sometimes you got
to make the bagels with the employees
these kids right here they know that
they're making bagels look at this look
at her call the name calling you -
gotcha bagel step on up kids this is a
bagel of making factory kids if you
don't get your bagels you're not gonna
get your nutrients and if you don't get
your nutrients you're not gonna grow and
be tall and big exactly look at this I'm
teaching the kids call your bagels ready
step on up so we got our bagels bagels
and I told you guys it was a New York
Fashion Week and so we're here at the
dopest oh look at this
i'ma try on the truck yeah work this
worth it let's go down but it's lit I
have a question why aren't you in the
fashion show both of you are you a Jake
mom are you good camera shy
you take Giorgio to hold the camera
those those kids these are kids fans
yeah also this is my security guard
shoutout
oh my god all the dick ballers are out
here you don't mess with a guy who's
security and has Gucci shoes you scout
out the area look at them no just call
my guys were all over the place the
vlogs had a random but you're gonna want
to stay tuned coz the biker gang is here
y'all thought it was a game the best way
to explore New York City is on a bike I
got my camera I'm about to switch over
ready three two one was it the streets
Justin have you ridden a bike before
he's ever ridden a bike before take his
training wheels off kids it's go time
whoo y'all I haven't ridden a bike since
I was in Ohio huh you want to race huh
then they're fast I'm faster than the
taxi ride with Jake take the over and
just when he thought our security guard
wasn't ready to shoot him down he's in
the Mercedes what's up ladies what's up
I have extra room on the back or on the
front okay New York I'm coming straight
down the middle
what's your name call me Meek Mill oh hi
Tony I'm gonna pass it to you over a car
oh my god
log in here shut up
how you guys doing they're not doing
good $3,000 if you come down this hill
and drive your bike into the water will
you drive the bike into the pond or will
I be in the bluff yeah yeah just really
I paid the jig posit you guys the most
savage your family there is out there
you know this year either 1 1 or 1 or 2
eights look at his linemen I know but
one he completely merged himself I don't
even know either way it's gonna be a lay
he needs more speed I'm from Ohio do
this stuff all the time are you proud of
your son for this of course I'm always
proud of oh my god my boy is coming
you're gonna want to watch this watch
ready
you're a literal legend that's my boy
already now a moment you've all been
waiting for
guys it is time to get tatted okay so
basically what's going down right now is
we were out of tattoo shop we're gonna
get the hours updated we're also gonna
get a couple of new tattoos in playing
we're gonna play a random tattoo spin
wheel hat game give a random that - I
don't know if Justin's gonna get a
tattoo he's gonna get freshmen on his
forehead and guys to do our tattoos we
got the best NYC tattoos artist there
are guys we're picking out fonts we're
measuring stuff up it's difficult we're
leaving chance after this one we're
gonna face them in a little bit but no
no all right so when we came to NYC
we're like yo we want to get a tattoo we
need the best tattoo artists in NYC call
them up so we got our boys john-boy back
there and mr. K what's up mr. K so we're
gonna start off with getting some
tattoos that we've been waiting for him
that we want and then we're gonna pull a
couple of random tattoos out of a hat or
put tattoo ideas in this hat I'm
thinking Jerrica like some savage like
something you don't want to get so we're
gonna start off getting the tattoos we
want then we're gonna play a random
tattoo game let's hit it
ladies and gentlemen don't do this at
home don't get tattoos until you're 20
or older and if you do get something
make sure it means something and check
with your parents first I'm calling my
mom
okay mama yo what's up dad you'll see it
in the blog my dad's getting the tattoo
what are you getting all right bye it's
probably with Pesa yo all he's got the
merch on Lincoln Maya we're making our
gun tattoos better look his hands
Anthony over there without you bye he's
gonna be pissed
chancers texted us he said you guys are
acting losers I'm gonna take over your
vlog now hi I'm getting your face I'm
getting your face on my leg oh so mr. K
just finished my first one hi I'm in let
me explain it to you first so basically
I added to the contest to a little bit
I'm still gonna add to it more in a
second but I got Veloce across the gun
veloce is Italian for fast everything my
life is fast I like to go fast and it's
Italian because I just got a landlord I
go as fast and then I got i'ii be down
the veloce which stands for it's every
day bro and then I got a bullet flying
out of the front of it so check it well
oj and then it's every day bra and the
kc and flying out of the gun with the
bullet check this we're looking up
Apollo's bow kids it's a reminder to be
an Apollo the god of creativity the god
of the Sun the god of archery cuz we
shoot people alright so john-boy just
finished putting the Gucci logos check
this out so I got Gucci logos around the
gun cuz uh good morning Jake Paulus
what's goosey and I just made a song
with Gucci Mane's I mean why not but yo
this is my wallet guys I've got the
Gucci with the snake on it cuz Jake the
snake we out here it would look good
right there like ready three two
Oh Jake the snake
coochie snake Gucci's thing yeah yeah
yeah you've killed it wrong it's not a
game it's not a game
lay down alright squad we just got back
from the done to shop it was lit with so
let john-boy mr. K the hell's just sup
guys show them some love on IG whatever
it doe dab on them and we didn't have
enough time to do the random hat tattoo
game but what that means we can just see
if we're gonna save it for another time
more tats and guys I must announce the
winners of the face times so
congratulations to Miranda Gibson Cale
manly Karen Walsh Charley McAllister
Janelle and the guy and guys you all
want to face time for me check your
emails I'm gonna reach out to y'all
thank you so much for cop in the March
and joining the Jake Paula family their
strongest family and that guy if you
haven't already gotten your March what
you doing go to the link in the
description and wear it wrap it hard I
was kind of awkward I'm awkward
sometimes where do I put my hands thanks
Tony that's kind of awkward to put my
hand down please we got a big day
tomorrow guys make sure you subscribe to
keep up every day bro and I will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday hobbies
Jake Pollard's what's poppin check out
this new March that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
check it see you guys tomorrow poof
