there's something in there there's no I
swear we got a random call
medicine its Baba now
oh my god Oh yo how are you gonna back
the boy Jake ballers oh stop stop stop
stop stop stop stop
oh my give it back so hard if you
moments later
I'm getting a revenge that's where you
Anthony
an old ice cream over we go hope you
guys are smiling I hope I hope
you're dabbing on them you will eat it
how much money we talk I give you 14 pop
tags so like Samir yeah okay
40 bucks I don't know that was 14 no I
don't know what is going on we just woke
up it's really late I feel terrible I'm
still sick you guys fill out your pocket
Michael Jordan won the NBA championship
with 102 degree fever if you don't think
I'm gonna be out you're vlogging your
room
so here's the situation guys chance left
us yesterday as you guys saw then this
morning Nathan left us too so now it is
just me and Anthony in New York by
ourselves we got nothing to do but we
have a couple of things in with them we
have a couple of things in mind I really
want to break them again I don't know
what this is I think this is gonna
explode no need to do what do we need to
do and leave I don't know
a bargain no no I'm just I'm just
brushing my teeth you were gonna get
kicked out yeah we'll have the showers
yeah I don't know if there's any other
hey if there's any other random stuff I
could find in this hotel room to prank
him with but like I said good morning
Jake polish hope you're having a great
day great day without any further ado
last flippin do that
all right so now we are on the streets
New York one is look at how vibrant this
city is like look everything's just
going down and guys we haven't eaten all
day so we need some bagel and leave me
some bags can you say bagel bagel did
you say bagel
yeah let's get some bag may I please
have a - cinnamon toast crunch baggles
do you have honey walnut cream cheese
they got cream juice I'm gonna spread
that all on me baby got my bagels I'm
spreading the cream cheese I'm spreading
the cream cheese I got my bagels through
the bagel dance bagel dance bagel dance
good day big you think you've called New
York and you don't get the mac and
cheese inside of the bread yeah you
thought I got your California you were
there who you just thought I got a bagel
wanna see the mac and cheese dance I'm
not gonna show them the mac and cheese
dance oh oh look at this American cheese
there alright then don't Sean stop
talking about it
shut up Tony what are we gonna do next
let's hit it alright well hit
we're back on the streets of New York
well would you look at this look at this
Logan balls showed up to do a slime
prank he did a slime pranking in New
York only in New York is there slime
there is slime on the side of the street
remember when that guy did it to our
fool
oh my god I can't believe this what a
wise guy let's go come on I got my green
tea what did it 20 minutes lay down what
he'll I don't know what is going on
right now but I'm really actually
tripped out I just got like a call on my
phone like randomly and the voice was
like take 40 steps to your left and
going to the side of this apart I have a
package for you and I was like how do
you even know where I am now we're just
sorry I don't know what is going down
apparently there's like a package in
here or like something for us to drift
out what oh is it
squirrely did you call me oh what's
going Utah let's go let's go
right one I'm so tripped out oh yeah
should we go into this bush sorry
there's something in there no I swear
we got a random call there's miss Bence
what do you mean
it says artist on it role on the show
tripped out what do they say what do
they say well there's artist bro there's
a Meadows it sounds like somewhere you
go whatever yeah someone wants to murder
you these are passages to get murdered
the meadows I'm the music festival
September 15 through 17 hey that's the
team we got passage we don't know what
we were gonna do today like this is the
trickiest thing that has literally ever
happened in my life someone was watching
us was it you Hey was it you dude New
York is crazy I'm down we go I'm down
there's three who's gonna be a third
yeah it's my concert with us
they're good okay okay you look like you
go to concerts also are you a Greg
Palmer what's happening Paul family I'm
googling the lineup bro it is fire
jay-z's at 9:00 we'll hit that one yeah
he's walking here I think what we're
doing is we're now we're going to this
concert
joke we're getting a ride to the meadows
bro oh no they're going fast jump jump
hey what are we doing we got to go to
the concert FedEx over is that you hey
Jane nice to meet you yeah my name is
Jake you call me Logan though in a
Lamborghini next week no no no you don't
understand my name is Jake yes I know
who you are is Jake home yes I know who
you are why are you saying you met Logan
Paul I met Jake Paul oh you're Jake oh
Jesus Christ
she knows now yet key lock key hold this
I need my vlog back I got to promote my
merch every single day what all right
all right it's here what it's a push to
start I don't know how to work that what
are we do it we got to go to the meadows
bro okay we're going all right so we
just got here I don't know what's going
on
all righty squad the concert was lit
basically jay-z and I are best friends
now
right now we are at the Apple Store cuz
my laptop broke never vlogger I'm here
with the geniuses themselves they're
helping me get a laptop if you are a
genius what is my middle name
apparently they're not geniuses but I
still need a laptop alright squad so I
got some I got my laptop yo yo yo hey
what else I also got beats look at this
show this is for you guys doing a
giveaway guys all you have to do is
follow me on instagram at jake paul
smash that follow button and you have a
chance to win these I'm gonna send them
to your house you ought to take a
picture all right cool squad goals
alright hey Tony what do you want to do
let's do it oh I don't know that
transition worked but we're trying thank
you Tony
I'm always here for you buddy cool cool
cool cool but Jake ballers right now it
is story times last question time
yesterday answered some questions from
you guys and I really liked that really
enjoying it I'm gonna answer more of
your questions more often and then I
have a funny story for you guys Q conics
asks why did you think of creating team
10 good question team 10 all started
because there was like there was a lot
of reasons behind Sardinas at the time I
was like making videos with my friends
and I was like you know this is the
perfect way for us like combine like our
efforts and they're like one common
thing that will make us like all more
successful in the long run because
together everyone achieves more
at the time in social media I also
noticed that like no creators were like
collabing with each other anymore like
even nowadays like creators don't
collaborate because people with like 10
million followers are like no I'm not
gonna collaborate with you if you have 8
million but then the people with 10
million are like hey person with 13
million I want to collab but then the
person with 13 million is like now so
like it's all of this like it's just
like a big giant competition the best
way to like grow and for everyone to
succeed more is for people to
collaborate so I want to create like a
team of people that would collaborate
all the time regardless of how many
followers the people had and I just
wanted like the dopest people together
on a team and also one of my biggest
inspirations is dr. Dre he basically
created like a music label and started
signing artists under him and how
them get big in the music space and
there was artists like Eminem and 50
cent Snoop Dogg and Tupac and all this
artist that came out of that and so I
was like yo how can I be like the dr.
Dre of social media I just went for it
guys and now I do business bro ha ha
so great question sorry to get deep on
the frequently asked questions kelly-ann
massive we all know Jerrica is real can
you just confirm for the justification
of the haters and a lot of people are
asking is Jericho real ejecta real
what's Jericho basically guys Jerrica is
like we're best friends and like we get
along we're always together
I love Erica she's like she's so awesome
and she's really beyond just being my
best friend she's really attractive and
so there is a little bit of interest
intimacy and I don't know I don't know
what to call it we kind of just like go
with the flow and I think Erica would
tell you the same thing
so those are the two questions for today
and then guys I want to tell you a story
okay
it's really good a clickbait but it's
the time my brother punched me in the
face
it was this is a true story I don't like
remember exactly like how it went down I
just remember like the small details of
it but basically we were on a road trip
I think he was probably in sixth grade
and I was in fourth grade and he was
like big like he was strong like low
he's always been a big guy and we're on
a road trip and I was like sitting in
the back seat and I think I like I took
I took his glasses I believe I don't
know I don't fully remember this buy
thing I took his glasses he was like
pissed he was like freaking out and I
don't know like how it went down but all
of a sudden I remember like looking up I
was just like sitting there and I look
up like he just clobbered me in the nose
and I don't know like what happened but
it hurt and like I was like young still
and I had never been like punched in the
face like that hard and like out of
nowhere and I think I had his glasses on
- so I think like the glasses like made
it hurt worse I like started bleeding my
dad was like oh you know what I was like
oh you know who's just like you took my
gun
and you he's only punched me in the face
I don't think I've ever punched him back
in the face but as we got older we kept
that mic just we are always like right
we wrestled in high school and so we are
always like wrestling and like fighting
but it got to a point where we got too
big like I think once we both crossed
like the 175 pound like wait mark
whenever we would fight we just like
break something or like go through a
door or whatever so we just got to big
do this bro and so eventually like we
still had to stop fighting because we
were just like breaking everything that
we haven't see you over there anyways
Jake ballers don't forget that for the
next 24 hours the merchandise has free
shipping guys join the J holin movement
it's every day represent the merch hard
and I'm the mid Midwest East Coast I
know it's starting to get cold there
I know it's starting to get cold there
so some hot new status hoodie switches
you and I'm also facetiming five people
that buy merch in the next 24 hours so
hit up the link in the description join
the strongest team on YouTube and I will
see y'all tomorrow
because it's everyday bro peace Jake
Pollard's what's poppin check out this
new merch oh that merch is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 Chuck see you guys tomorrow
peace
