we finally got to the studio this is
where I'm officially announcing it I'm
not gonna tell you what song it is or
what its gonna sound like but I am
making a song
de pollo me that'll wake you up let's
flip and do that whoa
now we are out here squad what is going
down in the street screech taste of New
York good morning Jake polish yo
normally I would do my intro but since
we're in New York I'm gonna get everyone
else to help me with my intro how we
gonna do that
can you say good morning Jake ballers
wait you say good morning Jake parlours
scuse me I'm just trying to do my intro
sir keep sick morning Jake Paul that's
not how it goes okay can you guys say
good morning Jake ballers you need to
live with a lot of energy
good morning Jake haulers this this is
them here all right next part of the
intro
yes make sure you're smiling make sure
you're smiling nope you say make sure
you're smiling with a lot of energy make
sure you're smiling doesn't count
are you able to say make sure you're
smiling now
he looks like a vlogger can you say make
sure you're smiling oh sorry
Jory can you say make sure you're
smiling make sure you smile make sure
you're working hard make sure you're
working hard count it can you say and if
you're new here with a little bit more
energy and if you're new year I like it
count it and it's lit every day bro on
Thursday it is what can you say and it's
lit every day bro yeah bro right alright
squad so my fellow New York he is helped
me with my intro let's run it so now
we're out here in the streets of lost
our flip in New York I don't know where
we are Oh squad you know the problem is
is there's so much traffic in New York
anyways guys while we are waiting for
our new taxi to go we have a big day
ahead of us Oh Oh NYPD good guys we have
a dilemma as well I don't have shorts I
need some shorts you want to know why
these are athletic shorts right yeah
we're athletes we're from Ohio but
they're just not that cool
you need swag I need some swag and these
are too hot like I guarantee you're
sweating right now and you're sweating
too yeah look at this a little bit do
you know where to get jorts do you all
have jorts these enjoy shorts why are
you talking like that what do you mean
I'm walking here watch out I think New
York has changed thanks Josie no more do
you guys have jorts what are those jean
shorts
yo man guy my guy listen shit the game
from Joyce let's hit another store
y'all got Georgia okay I feel like we're
all gonna end up talking like that I
don't know man I don't know I hope now
you got joints
I just need some jorts is that a double
chocolate chip Frappuccino I knew it was
the Frappuccino I knew it where did you
get these joints Brooklyn Broadway I'm
gonna make my own damn joint hmm I'm off
of Disney Channel but stop I don't know
what happened but the New York is coming
bro with the New York just getting to
meet you I love the people the energy
bro I love the city chance of energy I
feel like chance is fully immersed
another new sweet I don't know where it
is we're ready on you and you not you -
yeah look at the Jordans I got my jeans
now I'm gonna make him Jordans don't act
like I don't know my way around New York
I got obsessors you needed scissors
jorts are in they don't have something
in life for you you make it kids spice
it up kids hey what are you doing you
can't just take off yo yo
tell me these are lit more than a little
tight we're good get the torch I'm good
I'm good squeeze it
pull me up it's so hard to get yours
everyone's in New York in now I don't
get it get hopping out of your holes but
it's good I look good or no you look
great all right squad so now we're back
on the streets I got my jorts on we
finally did it and we are almost at the
studio because we are about to make a
song with uh with somebody I'm about to
do a collab it might have a little bit
of something to do with that this year
this year backpack but guys this song is
about to be absolutely in fire in front
that's it in fire right now and also
don't forget that the Jake Palmer anthem
music video is dropping in a couple of
hours so don't forget to watch that in a
couple of hours guys yeah let's go to
the studio
it's brogre go Anthony you're already
made it across bro go go
you might call that frog around here I
call that too jaywalking tickets what is
Tony doing I don't know give me a ticket
already hello New York we picked up ray
what's up guys are you doing I like your
glasses one of those Ray Ban no those
are yellow
they're yellows okay we finally got to
the studio is where I'm officially
announcing it I'm not gonna tell you
what song it is or what it's gonna sound
like but I am making a song with gucci
mane I'm sure a lot of you know who
Gucci Mane is but if you don't you might
recognize some of his songs like black
sandals like Beatles in the city you
begging me that's very much
gucci mane is not I just drove the Tesla
with both of us and that's Gucci I mean
that part if you wants to get what you
know what let's just make us something
all right so we're at the studio Ray's
teaching Ray's teach people about
Fitness that's great
we're in studio 2 this is where the
bangers about to be made oh good she's
about to be here in a second and then
we're about to get this song they don't
know what's muffled oh I don't even know
it's about to go down I just saw it it's
gonna be a banger banger
you say what's up to the jig parlors -
hey man shit outside a jig parlors that
down man from yo I don't think they're
ready to for this track though they're
not right now this song right here is a
hit listen if y'all sleeping on J power
yeah often in Nam time we got a banger
alright guys so we just finished up at
the studio
I'm with fat boy now yo he was telling
me he wants to be the next Disney star
yes I will be the next any star but I'm
a gangster but I can clean it up fast
my name is fabu SS hey let's hit it
whoo all right guys we're back at the
hotel and our chance had to leave here
to go back to Los Angeles because he's
an actor bro we're gonna miss him and
his accent the studio was great we flip
and kill the gucci mane my boy damn it
jeez it's just an accent
look at this wiseguy that was a matter
of behind you know are you talking to
you know talking about
the matter wiseguy I dropped out of high
school
what are you saying Tony you gonna be
sleeping with you not gonna do I'm gonna
give this to make guys stop stop stop
stop
bro it's not that serum it we relax okay
we're friends
what do you mean is that serious relax
you can take the ya accent away on the
old Jake it's everyday good morning
various divisions are give me my blog
are you good yeah get back on the floor
it's just a skit cool guys I don't know
what just happened but anyways Jake
polish i tweeted and asked you guys to
ask me some questions and so i'm going
to answer some questions i'm gonna
record it oh alright so the first
question is from amelia rainy she asked
me what was your best vine and why
good question amelia my best i never was
actually filmed here in new york with 50
cent i just thought it was like super
clever 50 cent was an awesome guy it was
spontaneous it took me like five seconds
to shoot roll the clip alright guys
watch this the next question is from Wow
Salman or is there Jocelyn she asked me
what do you think about all the hate and
negativity that you get guys great
question um there's a lot of hate
there's a lot of negativity but you can
never be at the top of your game without
getting hated on there's no hate when
you're doing something yeah let's true
though it's it seriously true and
there's always gonna be negativity
there's always gonna be people who don't
like you you can't please everyone guys
I used to think I wanted to please
everyone I used to think like Oh
everyone's gonna like me it's just not
the way life is and so if you ever feel
like you're getting hated on if you ever
feel like a lot of negative attention is
on you guys look past it I know you're
doing some seriously just dab on the
stain is okay that's enough and guys the
next question is from Emily he asked me
what is the favorite game what is your
issue what is your favorite game that
you're playing right now oh I'm doing a
question guys I'm always playing games
off of the camera apps sorry yeah
everything and my favorite one is called
dancing line it's a sortable free game
and it's actually like super super lit
as though I'll show you guys a right now
this plays it all day I'm actually a
beast at it basically what you do is you
touch the screen and like you have to
move your character within the lines to
the beat so if you love music you can
learn like new songs and stuff on your
butt slit
oh it gets harder I'm not that good at
it right now
uh-oh oh you guys are making them
nervous come on don't breathe a little
too huh huh huh huh huh huh huh that's
my boy yo I'm killing the game I'm
killing the game oh look at this I
haven't played this level yet what's
happening no I fast you go too fast but
guys that is my favorite game it's
called dancing lion it's free you can
get it on the App Store if you want to
play with me you want to try and beat my
high score I'm gonna put the link in the
description you can go check that out
someone asks are you working on any
movies or shows right now and I am
working on down movies right now for you
guys they might not come out for a while
you gotta be ready for them what else is
happening Oh guys oh my god guys merch
for the next 48 hours is going to have
free shipping and also guys if you order
merch in the next 48 hours I'm gonna be
picking five of you not one not three
but five of you to face time best
friends while your poopy yeah anyways
guys go cop yourself some hot new merch
join the hottest merch came in the
family represented heart you already
know Tony's got it on Oh Jericho Tony's
got it on make sure you're smashing that
subscribe bye
during the Jake Palmer family keep on
dabbing on them haters keep on smiling
keep on working hard we're in New York
we're having the time of our lives thank
you all so much for watching and for
supporting me every single day I love
you guys it's a family it's the Goyard
it survived it survived
it's a bloody laferrari it's a gucci
mane song what wizalll and IJ polish i
will see you tomorrow but curse
oh jake Pollard's wet stop and check out
this new merch
that marches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
