I'm doing shows now on the streets watch
i-40 Jay Butler's what is going on
border people what is Gucci how are you
guys I hope you're killing now how are
you dab it on the haters I hope you guys
are smiling if you're new your um Jake
Paul and it is let every single day
allow me to narrate my day for you guys
it was absolutely incredible right now I
am in New York cuz we started off this
morning
super super super super early roll the
clip oh yo yo what's poppin yo how are
we it's like 6:00 a.m. in the morning
and the boys are back guys we're going
on a major trip right now I might not be
here for like two weeks
so uh let that cuz we're just getting
started
oh you're gonna wanna pay attention then
we got to the airport and there was
problems alright guys so we're flying
United Airlines chance does it have an
ID
so he's like stuck back there do you
remember when we sold United Airlines
I'm surprised they're letting us through
right now we roll the clip
okay he might not make it yeah chance is
not about to make it look at he's right
here bro no I gotta fight the kids we
can't tell you why are we going why
we're going or going so then we landed
in New York and it was time to go to
roll the clip
alrighty so we just landed in New York
yo guys check out this tunnel this is a
nice tunnel and guys this is where it
all started to go down this is where the
fun happened but before we get into it
guys I want to make sure that you are
joining us Jake Palmer family smashing
that subscribe button if you haven't
already subscribed already join the
strongest team on YouTube yeah but this
is where all the fun started to happen
it was time to conquer so now it's time
to start conquering guys when we were
out here we found rayon the three
official merchants ABS it's right it's
right we're here to work on a new song
oh yeah why would we have to come to New
York I don't know I don't know it is
also Fashion Week here in New York so I
think there's gonna be a lot of people I
don't know what's going down but we're
gonna start conquering look at this guys
we have so much to conquer and to do I'm
still really sick celebrity sucks bro
Anthony and chance have never been to
New York it's pretty lit though I forgot
your name like that was color brightness
of the glasses in college yeah that's me
that's me yeah which color what
it's no pop that's a blue have you seen
my younger brother kinda gives you a
Lamborghini yeah yeah he's a douchebag
sorry for you I really feels like okay
that was a great car can you take a
picture with it yeah of course what are
you boys down on Instagram yeah all
right tag me at Logan Paul oh good
that's not really cool nice to meet you
that's what Mark Martin will come this
way coming this week our this week ray
apparently is making friends who are in
Times Square now I don't know it's going
time the Chinese trying to Cowboys know
from in what my square don't know if
your hat though you're ready to see oh
the lights green
hey let's go you're back yeah he's back
give me a hug give me a hug I was just
messing with you I was chilling you
heart I have a broader also any of you
looks like you look like me alright so
here you realize they're with me it's
okay peace out bro so we're in Times
Square right now I don't know what time
it is now I've been staring at this
dollar for a long time now you call me
Logan we ever meet that's how we're
taking pictures are you the real Statue
of Liberty are you guys mad at me no
what is me I don't know you want a tip
no you pay me or you you used to pay me
it's a baby man oh I just love someone
no can you front flip him Oh God
alright bend over jump boom yeah three
chance get in there bro get off the
phone with Tessa come on here he comes
oh no my boys not beasts New York is
less this is official questions the team
Ted you guys want to be on team 10 what
is team 10 mean I don't know I'm the
good answer room you don't know don't
say you know I would tell the people
what team 10 meters alright so team it
stands for team entertainment and media
than 10 everyone's like oh there are
other ten people on it absolutely I got
absolutely hours under the mouth the 10
is because there's ten digits oh oh oh a
spider-man he's spider-man how boys a
beast you want to be on Team Tennis now
on the streets watch what time is it
you're not very Spidey
not very Spidey with you at our we offer
to move blood this is my boy
what are you doing rope my webs ready
there out your key is in your door where
how could your key be in your doors if
you're driving I know
thank you mate it's mine you know your
key is in your door thank you got him
your key is in your door yeah Sheila's
oh I love you fake those let's figure
out the real storm do you realize that
right
fake stormtrooper house it's just Jake
Palmer yo why do you got Jake Palmer's
hey he's so cute they got all the
yellers we need these yellows hey it's
me again still married in the day for
you guys and then we got back to the
hotel and it was time to address the
Martinez twins situation so we're back
at the hotel no everything's going great
it smells like feet in here apparently
apparently the Martinez twins are back
at the team 10-ounce did anyone know
that this was happening
no it was a surprise well we weren't we
weren't there I'm glad they're back it's
been like way too long Martino yeah I'm
a face time why you guys there you
didn't even tell me that's Apollo that's
why I'm here I'm working on a new song
yeah yeah you guys aren't in it well I
love you and thanks for trying to
surprise us I don't want to see Chad
anymore bye honey Chad you are oh we're
living large yeah turn off end the vlog
so we can watch TV
roll the clay what clip just cut so that
is it for today guys thank you all so
much for watching if you haven't already
caught yourself a hot piece of merch
guys join the Jay Paul family rep the
merch are join the flippin movement it's
every day bro the merch is all about
getting better every day working harder
every day and becoming a part of a
community of people that are trying to
change the world every day bro so thank
y'all so much for watching if you
haven't already like I said earlier
smash this bad boy
join the Jake Paulo family and I will
see y'all tomorrow because and every day
Jake Pollard's what's up and check out
this new March
oh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow poof
