okay guys we've been talking about it
for months for years for weeks and it's
finally here is it rolling yeah okay
darling guys does this look familiar
good morning Jake Pollard's young this
is the Disney bizarre DeVargas sense we
are about to sneak on right now you ever
when we came here like the first time we
first got here yeah oh my god oh yeah
throwback oh no we're gonna try and
sneak in guys it is their last week on
set little Ethan is inside I'm gonna
intro the vlog in a second but we got to
sneak in first I can't come in anymore
this is because I'm not on bizarre vark
not just watch they hired me again yeah
one episode
all right so you just tried to jump the
Kings but it didn't work
now we're piling into a car like we're
crossing you're writing all right here
we go
oh don't do that here we go your head
which I know hey guys how are you
used to be my parking spot what happened
to my dressing her amen
I'm on set bro I know it's very hard for
an episode all three of us really no no
no anyways guys we snuck under the
successfully real good morning if you're
new here I'm Jake Paul this is the old
Disney set that I used to work on and it
is lit every single day bro if you
aren't ready okay if you aren't already
in the Jake Paula family make sure you
smash that subscribe button dab on the
mater's keep on smiling keep on working
on yo do you think miss that I'm here at
me maybe what a surprise
I miss I missed you guys so much I just
came back you know to me so I bring it
in bring it in I love you guys I like
your bangs how have you been this weird
yeah I want to go surprise everyone else
this is weird I feel like can I meet the
girl who's in my dressing room I feel
like I'm not allowed in oh this is your
room
I know you can have it I'm not I missed
you
yo they hired me for an episode yeah
yeah next week yeah damn I like Ethan
Ethan yeah where's the dare layer um
yeah your yeah where's the it's gone you
left and then Daryl air left you know
it's mr. Taylor am I still able to eat
the food or no I can eat food right
doesn't look that good doesn't look that
good you know what it must be alright
guys so we're so awesome seeing everyone
again stopping by the set we had to
sneak past the security which is all
good and we are leaving right now so we
have to sneak past the security again
this will be interesting there's good
seeing you buddy keep on keep on being a
Disney star okay all right guys we have
to put the Ohio skills on guys after we
get out of here I got something fun
planned for us no way yeah
come on come on all right three two run
okay wait for the countdown
let's go
all right Jake father so now we are out
here on a racetrack and we are about to
flip and race some Lamborghinis you know
this is about to be us guys as you know
I'm getting my Lamborghini in like less
than 10 days ah so this is kind of like
a warm-up and this isn't the exact
Lamborghini that I'm getting these ones
are a little bit slower hashtag week but
they are still Lamborghinis and is still
about to be lit and I've never driven on
the racetrack before and I'm gonna go
fast like Ricky Bobby huh I won't go
fast all right pull it over come on now
it's time for a stop of Ricky Bobby to
step up to the drop from half my turn
okay guys NASCAR Jake here Jake Paul jr.
I'm gonna drive this here car fast what
do I do
I think you just press the data
following you am i a professional driver
you're gonna be after this no you can't
come in here and then we're like now
we're coming in yeah
just know that my car is faster than
this one so whatever we're feeling just
know
I want the drift on this one Mike
ah okay he's good
alright squad so now we are going on the
faster track I gotta put my helmet on
safety first kids NASCAR Jake
coming in hot how do I look man ladies
feel free to call me know what then I
make these for Ohio I'm too tall
we're blind
all right guys load look at this oh I'm
in race mode we're leaving the track
right now I'm so sorry guys
oh go go go go go go go that was so much
fun what's next GTA transition yeah I'm
DJing and you don't like it you can get
out of the car no no something better so
I'm gonna play whatever I want all right
but I got out you gotta give me credit
yeah now we're out here with the score
and shooting the music video for Jake
Pollard's guys the music video comes out
on Friday don't forget about it I'm
trying to whip this jet ski off the back
we got Oakland agent on the big old
camera cuz we're making that super I'm
so excited for you guys to see this
music video let's hit it
hi Tony
my god let's get into one I wanna go
fast
yeah I tell the child tell Jeff yeah we
were literally filming this music video
we're all on the on the front of the
boat getting that dope Jones shot we all
just ate we just see Tony fly by oh oh
yo that was Lynn Rosenbaum you guys are
awesome I love you guys thank you for
letting us use your boats and houses and
stuff yo boater Tony you're the music
video plug Jay Pollard's I think that's
a wrap on the whole time music video I'm
excited for you guys to see it on Friday
but right now I'm about to show you what
could potentially be oh it's almost a
hundred percent happening guys it's like
98.7 percent going to be the new team
ten house or none of you guys have seen
it yet not even voter tony has seen it
yeah what is that is that a Sasha a
sasha sasha arconi yes what happens when
you're nice and you just say bye go
check out the new team 10th house roll
the clip okay guys we've been talking
about it for months for years for weeks
and it's finally here
I think I'm like almost a hundred
percent sure that this is going to be
the new team this is the first time that
I have looked at it but it is absolutely
massive we're gonna try and move in as
soon as possible but come inside look
I'm gonna show you a little bit of it
come inside with me stealth first of all
look at these giant doors
it's a legit magic room their room over
here
what look look how much space there is
for home being stuff there's a movie
theater down there this is an elevator
mom she wasn't there I think this is the
move oh yeah it looks big it looks like
a mansion do you like it buddy
guys it's got a giant pool I'm a fish oh
yeah it even has its own gym in the
house it's got a sauna
hey it's got a sauna okay that's it
there's a lot more to the house we're
not gonna show you guys I hope you
enjoyed this team this is the craziest
thing ever right now they'll look check
this out there's zero miles left on my
blood shard I think it is going to die
I'm going to a meeting bro cause I do
business drive it back you're only five
miles away
Jake ballers but that is it for today's
vlog if you haven't already joined the
Jake poorer families smash with you and
Jake ballers but I will see you tomorrow
because it's every day bro peace Jake
Pollard's what's up and check out this
new March that marches hautboy new items
of merchandise limited-time click the
link make sure you're subscribed to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 should
see you guys tomorrow
poof
