it's difficult not to panic when you're
going good good good good good good
good morning let's go to baby you can do
here my name is Jake Paul you guys are
the Jake Pollard's in this is the team
ten house
hey oh that is the squad team you
already know that today it's about to be
lit put your vlog belt some party people
I'm back at it again with the Gucci
snakes cuz who's still with it we are
today with us we got Nick Crompton we
got chat side oh we got Anthony 200 and
you know it's about to go I down but yo
we got more important stuff to cover
today folks I'm talking drama I'm
talking about the Super Bowl selfie meme
key that came to the team 10 hours
earlier this morning I'm talking off ah
come on bro what are you talking bro
Nick Crompton yeah blindfold driving but
not least I'm talking about doing the
most savage things that the humans could
possibly do on earth that's just what we
dick is dressing oh why bro you looking
like a bowl of bear in the lasker some
dope like that but guys I want to give
you a little bit of a flash-forward to
this blindfold driving challenge because
things are probably gothic 2 things are
probably about to get insanely extremely
dull Oh
so for real guys like it's another
amazing day here in Calabasas and yo I'm
loving my life right now I hope you guys
are smiling today I hope you guys are
dabbing on them haters I hope you are
chasing your dreams on a day-to-day
basis remember kids hard work beats
talent I'm telling you guys you got to
work hard but for real make bro I'm like
I can't get over this outfit man it's
like super dope yo that's a good idea
start the clock paper towel
snowman white card toilet paper what a
white truck a snowball cloud a dumb sack
so a white iPhone oh yo how many do we
get I lost Kovacs let's take Paul you
already know go get it go get it however
guys I look to my left and I see this
little box right here really pissing me
off because it just reminds me about
boxing and fighting because it's a box
and it makes me super mad because still
the CSI brothers don't wanna fight but
it's cool
you know violence isn't the answer hey
guys I am super over this drama like old
news fake dudes we have some new drama
yo Nick yeah alright see ya see ya now
we got new drama guys so you don't have
to talk about that old anymore no he
does have a car Nick come back bro I
need you for my video he does have a car
he just got his driver's license which
brings me to my next point that is why
we are doing this blindfolded driving
challenge in this thingy majiggy here
you passed your driver's test finally
after how many times
and now he is officially able to drive
in America congratulations and America
is your city but this doesn't mean that
you're off the hook just yet because I
want to put you through my own driving
test the Jake Paul driving test which
means you have to be blindfolded and
going here and and and I'm gonna yes
however guys we were vlogging and this
was in the background but behind Nick
just now and it reminded me of last
night when I drove the ED fluence car to
Erica's house to surprise her while she
was sick bro I'm such a good boyfriend
husband wife I don't know what we are
but the point is I drove it to her house
roll the clip what a squad you already
know yo listen to this so I've had a
super long day and it is currently
nighttime erica is in West Hollywood
right now at her apartment and she's
like been super super super super super
super sick and so I'm not to drive the
influenced car to her house guys and
maybe pick up some flowers along the way
and hang out with her tonight make make
her hopefully feel better and I know
you're just saying like you're just
doing this for the vlog now honey
however I am a vlogger and I do log
everything so I am going to film this
Erica if you're watching this I've never
driven more than like 45 minutes for
girl let's say in my life so that just
shows that jerk is real hashtag Derrick
is real hashtag Mary gosh like Gunkel
Kate this is like an hour drive so like
and and like and that just shows that
Derrick is real however how dope is this
car bro I know I just kidding let's go
I'm in this door I got her a teddy bear
okay yeah many flowers Oh chocolate this
is so much fun okay enough flowers they
had chocolate city Erica don't say I
never did anything for you put your
seatbelt on mr. Baer this car goes very
fast okay we don't want any accidents
do you ever get lonely really spiking
back but I'm gonna give her this stuff
guys off camera so we can just have like
one moment off-camera you know I'm
saying with you did you like it
first thing she says as soon as I'm like
you want me to go bloggers you say all
you get it for the vlog yo I came all
the way it's not the blog
I won't even post this if you don't want
me to wash Thank You ash that grin Josh
take Jericho bow broke you broke up with
your boyfriend right yeah that's awkward
huh no I mean it's sad but yeah okay
I just thought since we're talking about
relationships I mean yeah I mean it
feels awkward now yeah I think you made
it awkward yeah yeah yeah it feels
pretty awkward yeah it's okay Nick thank
you
you know there's other fish in the sea
bro yeah yeah for sure
mm-hmm Valentine's Day is coming up Nick
are you trying to hit me right now no
you getting into a lot of trouble I know
say hi to Jake crawlers they've been
missing you on the vlogs buddy guys it's
actually funny because earlier today we
had a special guest come to the team
tent house and you won't even believe
who it is Johnny check out who came
surprise for you guys
selfie meme kid from the Superbowl who
didn't know Justin Timberlake well you
guys have seen the memes this kid is
here right now I just need to ask this
kid a couple of questions what was he
looking at he probably was watching Josh
that subscribe
you know the vlogs bro yo that's what
I'm saying he's young he knew everything
you were saying like if you would have
had a Jake ball sweatshirt you would
have yo I would have totally worn it
like definitely go the new merch is hot
bro you should have been warrant wearing
it at the Super Bowl where do you think
you're right so I have to know I feel
like the internet wants to know like
what know like what would that mean to
know what were the only nine bro what
were you looking at my phone shut off I
press the button on the side you weren't
watching the Jay Paul vlog I was before
so ok that's good enough so you wait you
can't that's what you were doing you're
a report in the video though yeah it's
just yoga first we have to get a dope
selfie I'm gonna post on my IG I'm sure
a Jay Paul go follow me always block you
people were saying like do you even know
who Justin Timberlake yeah huge fan of
him I was literally watching the
Superbowl live with with my brother we
were like yo what does this keep doing
and then and then it turned into a meme
like you I felt like you were just
pissed off at him yeah okay and so this
morning you went on add the Ellen show
correct yeah someone was saying that
you're more excited to be here than on
The Ellen Show is that true I don't know
I'm Big Jake Tyler so jr. we should give
stuff away to you know not just like I
didn't I give stuff away here yeah you
wanna break
well they don't so go to fans when I
come back and get it right why you can't
before it sells out new merch is hot
boys oh so I also have to know do you
have like any selfies like I'm we're
looking at the main one but do you have
any other selfies that the internet
haven't haven't seen yet the with Justin
Timberlake son you know this is this is
amazing like look at this guy's the
internet hasn't see this yet this is
unreleased selfie I see you posted the
best one where he's like looking at the
camera cuz if you didn't idea then did
it really happen to you no I'm saying
okay Ryan that concludes our interview
but you know what we have to do now
gotta take the most of yourself and the
only way to do that is to take a selfie
while doing donuts cuz you know I got
the speed in my blood oh yeah let's do
it
hey that's my dude Ryan we took the most
crucial because go like it on Instagram
Jake Paul right now and I might be like
in some of your guys's pictures back for
real but it just goes to show you how
strong the Jay Paul her family is like
this kid is the Jake Palmer at the Super
Bowl and he was thinking about where and
March to the Super Bowl I wish he did
because that would have been like a litt
log if we're being real but seriously
you guys are amazing I just want to say
thank you to the Jake Pollard's right
now for actually being the most lit
family on YouTube for being the
strongest for being the most loyal all I
can say is respect we're just out here
change in the world that's what it's
about being the impossible taking on
challenges that nobody thinks you could
do on a day-to-day basis I can tell
you're getting pretty scared you have
the same face on right now as you do
when you get tased and thankfully I got
this handy dandy Jake Palmer trans
radical back slash Jake Paul the
blindfold Nick Crompton with guys
without any further ado let's get right
into the brine fall driving test this
dr. challenge
all righty sir Thank You Nick
Oh over here shoot it back here Nick I'm
gonna make some noise Nick over here
yeah Maxie yeah welcome to the Jay Paul
Bley welcome to the Jay Paul
blindfolding driving challenge school
how's your day going sir I don't know
now I know you're what you're thinking
you're thinking how am I gonna drive if
I'm blindfolded that's why I'm here and
that's why this is going to make you a
better driver Jack can you pull the
jabber okay the LMS we reach in there
this is okay it's done okay just just
bear with me this is all part of the
school pull it push back oh there you go
Hey oh no I did it just click okay well
strike one I guess Thanks
first step start the car they foot on
the brake
yeah okay strike to do I'm sir I know
you're from England and the steering
wheel is usually on this side and you're
usually not blindfolded but once again
just bear with me go ahead and put the
car and drive
I really I can't do that mine 403 it's
all part of the tastic how can I do that
blindfolded this is what's gonna make
you a better driver oh shut up
okay go go right oh go right watch up
watch out for okay we gotta watch out
for that Oh your other right are we
going no Belgic more gas yes yes okay
stop stop
okay first obstacle good job Nick you're
Nick Nicholas what obstacle nothing
nothing I meant you're doing good now in
this exercise you can count on me to be
your eyes okay so I'm gonna tell you
which way to go and don't divvy from
that straight straight yeah yeah no
start to steer right okay right more
right yes good good good right right
right well oh my god all right all right
the steering wheels all the way right
gee straighten out yeah a little right a
little bit more right now I'm gonna have
you pull up here and go yeah yeah more
more more mine all right Go Go Go gasps
yes gasps gasps yeah stop stop straight
this part is called the speed test now
you're gonna need to trust me give it a
lot of speed just a lot of speed a lot
of speed diet now you're gonna have to
trust me here talking my spirit Laurie
three two one go yeah we're gonna oh my
god where are we gay talk tonight okay
turn the wheel to the right place we're
literally going to tip gasps boy keep
going keep going straight yeah you know
I keep up the speed you must be trust me
tree tree you hit a tree the tree
there's a tree that's great oh great
can't do the gas it's difficult not to
panic when you're going boom oh no I
don't want to go in the pool
this is a clip Nick makeup giving you
minus five points here for a lack of
throttle control so I'll show you
bad dog no look what you've done Nick
guys coffee saw some of the hottest
Mertz in the game fans without callbacks
let's check Paul join the impossible
movement get better every day smile
every day dab on them haters every
single day chase your dreams every
single day and we will see you tomorrow
well Nick won't see you get it blindfold
joke Disney Channel but we will see you
tomorrow because it's every day bro push
join the everyday thrill movement people
and calc yourselves some of the hottest
urged in the gang go right now because
the shake collars sell everything out
and smash that subscribe button and join
the most lit youtube channel on YouTube
I'll see y'all tomorrow
that should've worn all white for this
I don't got that
yeah
