good what if you get in ice water right
now the girls
yes what is Gucci guy's morning are you
mad yeah I that was did you like one of
those coldest Rory goodbye ice water
baby come on if you're new you object
Paul this is a backyard water park and
it is lit every single day Brook let you
guys are the Jake parlors and you got to
join the family man smash that subscribe
bye here we're gonna see how many times
we could prank Erica right now let's
tell her that there's a photo shoot
we're gonna stand under that giant water
bucket and get all the water to come
down on it Erica get in this Instagram
pic Instagram magic Paul follow me
frames real well tell me when you got it
hold on I gotta focus
like I said people is lit every single
day alright guys so if you remember the
other day I went down this zip line it
was lit but after that the zip line is
all tangled up it's a problem when you
got a problem kids you fix the problem
I'm going to Indiana jones-style with
the belt on the zip line to try and fix
it let's hit it
diesel jet I'm sorry it's gonna snap
haha you guys didn't think the belt
buckle would do anything leave the
zipline fixed step on up kids
have a good time anyways shake ballers
as I was saying good morning I hope you
guys are having a great day last night
it got Oberlin let me tell you about
this guys we're about to have some more
fun but uh check out what we did last
night
roll the cut night swim session with the
boys it's too linear can you swim with
the Gucci phone case I don't know we're
about to find out kids I'm shopping
around Turner
hit uncle Mason I'm jumping wrong with
the food it's waterproof I think I broke
it I think it's actually broken hello
hit it bro go in the hall you guys are
going down this oh no go so we're back
in action Party People press
it
good morning Panthers
so as you guys know I'm shooting the
music video for Jake Pollard's this song
they just job guys if you haven't seen
it already go check out the lyric video
we're gonna shoot the music video going
down this slide with a non waterproof
camera Anthony you got it bro alright
you ready Jake ballers let's hit it
oh it's not working
I got I got I got it oh I almost lost my
camera alright guys we are gonna try and
do this - one more time we're gonna
switch around though so Anthony's gonna
be in front and I'm gonna be riding
backwards alright there's too much
butter baby
like that
see
scuba day going in for the battle
I got it I was sick
you think this is my first day it's not
well you can say I'm a professional
kayaker anyways dick polish coming to
the GoPro with me alright so anyway as I
was saying we have to go we are now here
at the Texas Rangers versus the New York
Yankees baseball games thanks after this
we are going to an NFL game but I got my
nametag
Anthony freshman manager Kevin Jericho
we got some Jake ballers and that guys
I'm blogging on the GoPro because they
said I could have login to your butt up
no can you dad for me take me out to the
ball game buy me some cracker jacks and
ball game baseball
Jake yeah hey head it with your bat
baseball okay so in Texas everything is
bigger and better we're about to get a
boomstick it's a tube footlong hot dog
yo Joe Tony Tony bro Tony Tony pick up
ready man what happened we get a boom
stick please how many calories you think
three calories are in there how many
calories aren't that many calories are
in that that's the tasting my we are out
here
I got 30,000 calories
how fast are you alright so now I'll
play football too hey hey alright guys
we are back at the house right now
eric has got my merch on guys if you
haven't already joined the Jiang family
cop yourself some status heavy it's the
hottest hoodie in their game if you
haven't already join the Jake Paulo
family smash that subscribe button and
guys the yellows are almost sold out
copy yourselves to the high yellows you
already know so we're still rapping
hardcore in Dallas here keep on smiling
and Jake Pollard's I will see you
tomorrow because Jake Pollard's west pop
and check out this new March that
marches hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time click the link make sure
you're subscribed to keep up with my
life on the daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow poof
