I am about to give you a tour of the
inside come on what is Gucci this is
absolutely insane
you have no idea what is about to go on
I got my black shades on we got best
friend Tony over here right now we are
in Dallas Texas at a backyard water park
at one of the biggest houses in Dallas
if you are new here I'm Jake Paul you
guys are the Jake Pollard's and it is
lit every single day bro there's so much
to explore guys like look at how giant
this whole entire place is I know what I
want to do what do you want to do I
don't know what I want to do it's so big
we got cliff dives we got water slides
we got a zipline and also guys we are
here for a charity event because
hurricane Irma is about to hit Florida
and Houston still needs help so uh we
got a big day ahead of us you're gonna
do it on my huggle Nathan hi buddy
Anthony's gonna send out I'm jumping
yeah bro we got to start off the vlog
like it's super hot fire my boys plan
yes wait I hope you're smiling
I hope you're working hard I'm about to
hit this zipline like I said party
people we got a big day ahead of us I'm
understend it but I can't get my murse
wet
do that how is this even real like that
guys
we have a long day ahead of us we're
gonna have some fun let's stop slipping
get some work done
I swear there's like something in here
are you there's like something anyhow
that's like grabbing my neck he'll do
you shoot he was a bar yeah yeah
jokes breaks funny
are you a Jake caller by chance no or
here yeah your voice we're from Ohio
fried chicken roll the clip hi I told
you you should have been a dick baller
manager Kevin good morning buddy hold on
guys let me grab my everyday bro
backpack guys like hold with Jake powers
to bring supplies and this is what's
going down it's lit guys I don't know if
you remember this but I am sick I don't
know if you can hear it my voice I don't
know if you could see it on my face but
I am sick and so I brought my date quilt
so that I can't push through the day
kids all you need when you're sick is a
little bit of dayquil Michael Jordan
played in the NBA championships with a
102-degree fever if you think being sick
is gonna stop me from vlogging you're
wrong this isn't even a paid
advertisement because if it were manager
Kevin would be on the sticks negotiating
it you think it's a brand deal it's not
I just got my day quilt that's all
you're zoomed in if you're not zoomed in
on your face then what are you take will
no free brand deals though so don't buy
a day quilt but I got it still now guys
Anthony what are you doing bro I'm just
putting off the good day that's my day
take it all right team let's put the
supplies in the u-haul I'm gonna
livestream some stuff and meet some fans
and I got my dayquil so let's hit it
all right guys I'm meeting some Jake
ballers you brought some supplies we're
making a difference people seventh grade
teacher seven teacher are you in the
family you're in the family what was the
family and your teacher yes I dropped
out of high school are you mad at me a
lot of people
I guess who the Jake Pollard's are out
here they bring this apply yourself we
put it into the trash bag you all
shocked
come on hey the same
it's made with bits of real panther so
you know it's good all right guys we are
leaving the supply meet up right now I
don't feel good at all but for
perseverant we're doing it we filled up
a whole dare you all truck Jake hollers
if you guys came thank you so much we're
trying to make a difference let's go
back to the house oh you're back at the
house guys now it is time to get let's
take you on a tour show you all of these
amenities look at Jericho I'm the
chaplain Lexi Sonny we're out here gang
gang gay all right guys I got flip in
Sam earlier I'm gonna give you a tour of
this whole entire place sorry
a giant Tiki man and behind me you will
see a splashy thing Tony how is it
barely it's lit oh okay party people and
back here you will see the outdoor
basketball court Tony how is it
apparently it's wet he said that before
how do you get up there and now we are
entering into the slide area we got
three slides green purple and blue it's
a global Anthony I need you to help me
review the slides okay okay now we're at
the top of this beautifully
architectured stretch dollar bill and
there's three different slide let's hit
the green dude
that's my boy hey uncle Nathan you want
to transition them to the GoPro for me
do it what lets off live in heaven is
this speaker waterproof probably not
okay
okay guys I lost my speaker we are now
filling this large water bucket up with
water cuz it's a water bucket we should
prank Justin the freshman where that
we're gonna get Justin to walk out here
stand right there for our photo shoot
all right let's go your Justin does that
also guys this is the end or no last
wall court you guys saw a little bit of
it yesterday and also come here
dang I don't know well Justin didn't
fall for our prank I'm kind of thirsty
in eternity it's really good
okay so this is the full-court tennis
court court court this is how the tennis
players do it it was at this moment that
evening are you all right so now we are
back at the top check this out yo you're
going out there they're going over here
it's gonna be a squad jump
all right waterpark I love you but it's
starting to get dark outside guys I am
about to give you a tour of the inside
come on well first guys but first I got
a change you're probably tired of seeing
these nipples ready three doing it I'm
about to give you the fastest house tour
possible in the world before we do that
guys today I saw like the funniest video
ever and the flip Enzo basically this
kid is three years old and he mimics me
I am in love with this kid roll the clip
house
here you go thank you these I love daddy
let me live like a day I woke up my
sister all I can watch two servers this
but work cab at the base own it yeah
gotta be awesome
kiss Albert
oh oh oh yeah it wasn't it date date
either side by blah Sark hey good
morning
that way again
Abed go feet door did you think
yep I'm a grandpa
I'm not your grandpa Oh
rather come on
I'm not your grandma but I'd like to be
Erica I find you I'm not Erica sorry dad
and I'd argue
okay don't take dad I had to work out
not that one dish that I like my answer
like this er make sure to watch Gaviota
heater
everyday well tear later no dad it bro
that is the funniest thing I've ever
seen like who is this kid I'm gonna fly
him out here I'm gonna find him I'm
gonna marry him I'm gonna make him my
little brother yeah I really do all that
stuff yeah yeah you do anyways let's do
the fastest house tour ever okay ready
I'm gonna start it off here this is the
best walk for this is a DJ booth this is
one of the many guest rooms there's like
six plus six bunk beds in here there's
like 400 million rooms in this whole
house this is a ping pong table that is
an air hockey table this is Batman this
is a bowling alley in a house wat i won
it's my big day this is Erica's room
Jessica jaw dude this is a movie theater
look at the floor I like that this is a
soda machine why this is a 4000 Cup 4000
car garage you can't see the 4000 but
it's there this is the second movie
theater why you need to man I like it
though so this is a massage chair this
is a full table this is a craps table
this is a hallway from Harry Potter this
is a bedroom this is a bedroom this is a
bedroom this is a gymnastics thingy this
is a golf thingy this is a driving
thingy and this has been a Jake Paul
vlog thank you guys so much for watching
guys make sure you copy yourself the
hottest sports in the game you already
know is super hot we are about to sell
out of a lot of our items guys the
yellows are almost out the sweatshirts
are almost out so cop them while you can
join the strongest team on YouTube smash
that subscribe button rep them work hard
and thank you guys so much for watching
and I will see y'all tomorrow because
it's a brilliant day Jake Pollard's
what's poppin check out this new March
that marches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 should see you
guys tomorrow
oops
