and now we are here haha this is the
cheap tent house and it is lit
everything anyways a Polish good morning
what's good she with y'all I hope your I
got I got another one of those hold on
that's fun as I was saying guys good
morning I hope you guys are having a
great day I hope you're smiling I hope
you're dabbing on the Vegas I hope you
blowing that too guys yesterday was so
much fun filming the music video ah yo
the lyric video for that song is gonna
be coming out in a couple of hours so
make sure you stay tuned and flip and
watch that yeah that was a hard cut to
these plungers being on my nipples I
like that plunger flip oops
anyways I have no idea what is going on
guys what I know that today is about to
be awesome we got a lot ahead of us we
were actually going out of town where we
go it I don't know and you already know
that I don't know what I'm swimming and
I'm doing my intro to my vlog if you
don't know how it goes down you guys are
the Jake Paulus and you guys ripped that
merch hard you guys press that subscribe
button and we're gonna flip and kill it
today so without any further ado let's
flip it do
he won't send it send it back
yeah so Gavin is about to go on to this
one while it's rolling back flip onto
this skateboard and then roll away and
then whoa is that merch
no more its delivery Lincoln bye oh oh
you can't see it you can't see it no
only a sneak peek this is Matt from fan
joy he hand-delivers all these the merch
dear guys his house in fact it's not
actually effect I'm gonna have to leave
for the airport like 10 minutes what's
going down 40 baht bag here it is
you have got it so here seven paths
you are so close I want to fly it into
the wall just to let you know the camera
on this drone is broken so we're just
gonna break it anyways you know I'm
saying sometimes you just gotta send it
I lost the lens I really think it's
still gonna fly come on little buddy
motor obstructed just because a bird
doesn't have wings doesn't mean it can't
fly okay little buddy just because your
friends say you can't fly doesn't mean
you can't fly all right guys enough with
the nonsense I have to honestly I really
I really got a pack Tony she's probably
back there that's friend Tony are you
ready to go out of town I'm not telling
them where we're going yet oh they don't
know no are you ready you're not ready
you got to go pack oh yeah go pack
alright squad so we are getting ready we
are getting ready to leave Apollo buddy
I'm gonna miss you all right I know I
know you love your daddy what's
happening right now oh my god it's so
cute oh my god it's so cute
we got the whole squad Jericho's manager
Kevin let's hit the streets
two hours later well well well look who
it is Safari Jack what I haven't seen
him in forever so for you Jack it's
gonna free play on Safari Jack
oh my gosh I'm Erik Acosta all and I
wear camo I learned from you look at my
backpack always plug boy unjust and I've
never been to an airport before oh I
also got all this matching gear side it
looks like such a loser and stand out in
the airport I work here but I don't
really want to work here I'm just
walking by going about my day okay I'm
kind of standing here awkwardly my love
my wife left me a couple of days ago
I'll spoil a lot of tennis oh I don't
really know where to stand
oh wait I don't know what check it with
this the hellos I want a splurge maybe
the sandwich in you know what but okay I
want to get this water dry go at the
water as it comes a caller okay who is
this guy he's kind of cute so I go hit
on them no okay oh this is awkward
do I want these frites I don't know what
my husband would approve of the fruits
Sally
should I get the fruit guys I still
haven't told you where we are going
I want it to be a surprise but we're
about to jump on a fly I'm just having
some fun in the airport no I mean right
I'm like trying to act like I'm on my
phone hey my name is Ed Lee I have a
channel with two we don't we don't have
any ideas but I do where Jay Qualls
parts and I do eat like an Ohio brute on
the flight now yeah well boy is going in
we got that first class I'm away mate
yeah so your friend yeah
No okay eventually alright we just let
it Justin Justin you're not a bag
pressure Oh
yo please there's gonna be a value like
smashes me right now maybe this time
Erica please claim me pick me please
pick me see I told you guys a bag I
still haven't told you guys where we are
at but we are here and we're doing it
big
stay tuned and now we are here haha we
are staying with a fan and this house is
like one of the biggest houses in Dallas
apparently there's a water park in the
backyard this is the guest house what
what what okay yeah that's normal
come and tell me what I want to hear I
ain't no I don't know how you live with
the lights out all the things on the rap
you gonna find out today I still working
I'm a night going on
when I pull it to the crib I was talking
now it's smoking I was running
underpants with some joking no you know
in the land do you miss yeah I landed
you I can't change what you think about
me
all right big ballers you probably
wonder where am i right now so we are in
Dallas guys we are back here to help
with like hurricane efforts get supplies
for a hurricane
Irma that's about to hit Miami in
Florida I was so inspired by being down
in Houston guys that I had to come back
now we are here in Dallas getting
supplies tomorrow this house is
absolutely insane like war
Wow do you see all the stuff there guys
we're gonna do a full tour of it
tomorrow I literally saw a water park
that was back there there's like no hold
on don't tell just smash that subscribe
button and you will see you tomorrow but
also in a couple of hours my lyric video
is dropping for my new song so you guys
get to see that songs called Jake
Pollard's so be ready for that join the
jake paul and family caught that hot new
merch you already know it's the hottest
person in the game son the yellers are
almost all sold out guys so if you want
to cop some yellers do it now and I will
see you tomorrow because it's every day
Jake Pollard's what's poppin check out
this new March that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
