guys this one is really special to me I
think you guys are going to really like
it
so we got all of these big cameras so
that we can shoot it in like really high
definition
hi I'm Apollo so you know how we do it
Anthony fell asleep on the now bunk it's
time to dump
we're subject pockets but anyway shake
ballers good morning it feels good to be
back
today's about to be a good day was Gucci
with you guys if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul this reloading
give yourself some merch kids we got the
yellers on you already now and because
we are back at the house it means that
we can mess with people Erica did you
ship it guys there is so much going on
today let me tell you what's about that
what are you I'm having fun as well Jake
polish and you haven't already joined
the family make sure you smash that
subscribe button because it's lit every
single day bro Jericho do you ship it we
got a big dance but guys last night let
me explain to you what happened last
night
I am pissed roll the clip hehe legit
stolen bro first of all my dad thinks
he's a vlogger Greg Paul yeah that's
right you're not a vlogger dawn you're
on an iPhone 5
what is that it works like magic and
then you have the audacity no I'm
actually pissed you son of a gun to
steal my 10 million subscriber look at
this I get home right nice long day of
work you know I've logged you know I do
my thing it's gonna pop open my 10
million subscriber plaque and what do I
see nothing except this you put this
inside the ask my 10 million subscriber
black son I have another surprise for
you no you don't I do this monthly keep
deal better and then I call him up and
he's like oh I can't have good
is this from Suzanne yeah my dad thinks
she's a prankster now what the I get
this 10 minute like that is like a
monumental thing I was gonna put it up
in my room and my dad steals it and
gives me a rope
I know I know I know and so with my dad
my I am so it is the next day guys right
now and I need to go you messed with the
wrong Paul so ladies and gentlemen
turtles dogs cats whatever you may be if
you're watching it is time to go and get
my flippin plaque back let's go come on
alright so we just got some Logan's
squad we need to get our black back
black back attack tabs what this one's
about we're gonna go in you take out my
dad done actually I'm gonna take my oqu
you better black I got it
you act like a freshman ok 1 2 3
Zack
all right Gregory you I brought you into
this world I can take you out you may
have brought me into this world but yeah
I took a your subscriber plaque and all
haters are loving me wait you took us
about it
yeah that's right my favorite son asked
me to do it with everybody what the oh
my god damn what the what are you doing
here then why the fuck did you take my
black what the hell it was no wasn't
then why are you here I knocked you out
I was sure you okay we are about to pull
this prank my brother has done it before
it's too hilarious not to do we have a
look-alike Apollo we're gonna act like
we put Apollo into the merge grunt and
we're going to
and get people's reactions I figured
that since we're back in the team ten
hours end board
yo do you think you'd fit in the merch
gun comedy Disney comedy Disney Mickey
Mouse what you're staying here
Garon even the Philippi I'm gonna put
you in your much I like mines we're
bored so I got a big news update guys
I'm so excited about this I have a new
song and we are about to film the music
video for it guys this one is really
special to me I think you guys are gonna
really like it so we got all of these
big cameras so that we can shoot it in
like really high definition so that it
looks really pretty I like pretty look
at all this stuff
what are those what is this what is look
at that so we have a big night ahead of
us guys we're just getting started it's
like five o'clock but sometimes you
gotta be savage and you got to stay up
all night and hit some camera flips and
shoot some music videos let's hit it are
you gonna be in it absolutely I'm the
star you are a star alright guys we just
got to the music video location guys
this is like one of the dopest locations
check this up ask your ball court we
have an inground like trampoline over
there giant pool and a mansion guys this
is it this is it we are doing it now we
have to get this jet ski into the pool
this is this is their show oh my god it
fits perfectly
well your kindness
we're doing it big when it's all for you
guys we doing it
still shooting guys check this out we
got the whips whoops whoops if you
remember this car it's from its everyday
bro you already know and then uh the bow
bros came in hi hey what's poppin y'all
y'all came in hot with with the GTR
Jake's Tacoma is coming in clutch with
the lighting this truck can do
everything one hour later we were
filming a music video the cops are right
there I was on this Lambo and we have
the whole squad like GTRs Tesla
everything they got pulled over oh my
god I feel so bad for Chad we're
literally here for like one second to
like we didn't even film anything yet no
what soyou're he knows all right guys so
the cops were really cool alright squad
so we are back at the team tent house
now it was a lit the dogs are getting
into trouble come on guys thank you all
for watching don't forget to say yellers
have just dropped guys get on Molly I
can't there's only a limited amount and
merch link is in the bow you already
know it's the hottest march in the game
join the family represent that March
hard smash that subscribe button and we
will see you tomorrow because it's every
day bro peace
Jake Pollard's what's poppin check out
this new March that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
