don't Logan oh god you're good morning
je ferai scorch it reloaded finally back
at the team Ted house I've missed all my
things all my friends they crop there
you kiddin hey kid hey you kid no no you
have your desk out here now yeah okay
guys today is gonna be an awesome day
whoa and we are about to wake up Erica
guys Jarek oh my god mr. so much I
missed you a lot and you already know
that today is about them if you're new
here I'm Jake Paul this is my puppy
Apollo this is my fake wife and it is
lit every single day bro doing the Jake
Paul the family smash that subscribe
button and Bob your way to the top
NIC buddy it is so hot I like I can't
sit out what do you mean you've been
sitting out here for a week yeah well
now you gotta do work Nick you're in
charge of the team tent stuff bro what
are you gonna do
I feel nipple punch what Jake Pollard's
already with the paparazzi stuff come on
man just give me like three minutes
alone there's already a lot going on
guys Los Angeles I missed you guys
seriously I'm so excited to be back
today is about to be awesome and Jake
Paula's let's flip and do that let us do
that thing guys right now Jake Pollard's
we are on the way to the store because I
was gone for like a week I'm behind on
everything
Nick Crumpton what a surprise a big
surprise will be back there like ten
minutes
apparently Nick has a big surprise for
me we're on the way to the store but
he's like wants me to come back I'm
literally so behind on everything in my
life because we were gone for like a
week basically just like invested in our
whole lives into helping people with the
hurricane this is my first time driving
blood charcoal buddy I miss you know is
he still at his dead
you gonna want to take a look at this
can you please that the paparazzi guys I
mean it come on come on now you just
push my buttons says YouTube I'm in I'm
gonna use you know it's got a key wait
wait wait is this no this isn't what I
think it is can you please go home okay
please go home man I just want to have
this moment with England and you're just
ruining the moment
freshmen no freshman doesn't have marks
no he doesn't what is this what is it go
to check ah see I'm gonna have this
moment off-camera okay good job Justin
let's just get in the car drive
somewhere else and openly nick has a
surprise for me the paparazzi won't
leave us alone
we can't even vlog in our own house but
then when we go outside the paparazzi
they're taking our vlog content he's got
a better vlog camera - what am i doing
I'm a loser I have a shirt on that says
Jake Paul is over party what is my in
life
damn it okay where do we go what did you
say what's the a car park where you park
your car it's a parking lot
this isn't the 10 million thing is it
this should have been already open by
now I don't like the suspense in the box
okay
no prompting
Crompton oh my oh my god no oh my god oh
my god no no can't see I'm blinded yes
congratulations for surpassing ten
million subscribers twice YouTube just
to tell you how legit this is this is
certificate of authentication how'd you
get this look just funny Logan's still
haven't got is oh my god should I get
two of them though no I had twice yeah
but I want to
I already did as much that I could hey
YouTube Kai have to please Suzanne I
just hit ten million I can do it over
right here Nick thank you so much I mean
I feel like I didn't do anything
I mean you surprised me with it and
thank you too Jake Pollard's fastest
YouTube channel to hit ten milli fact I
got a rep England yeah that's my city
will foreshadow in there you'll see okay
you better not move from there running
team ten from the from the curb I got my
youtube 10 million plaque
should've cut all right guys so we're at
the store I got my 10 million black hey
you want to touch it
what's in the bar yes there you can have
it normally I wouldn't even record in
this store they're probably gonna kick
us out like guarantee kick out I have a
10 million subscriber plaque so I think
they're not gonna kick us out this time
dude oh really
no I hit 10 million no bro come on 10
million subscriber black you know what
nobody even cares
okay it was just the case it was just
the case I got it it's fine thank you
now we have to go to another store that
I am NOT banned because I actually need
to go to a store you don't want same
Jason yeah I'm gonna need you to get in
the back sorry yeah sorry about that
guys
we'll stop spawn it's just like it's
just like uncle Nathan and Thomas 10
million subscriber play Justin
shut the fuck up but I'm just chillin
with my subscriber flex yeah that's dope
it's the 10 million one you guys are
Jake ballers right oh this plaque all to
you guys that's why you guys you guys
deserve this
good boy yeah yeah no yeah it's fine
that's cool oh yeah it's fine that's
great it is fine okay you should make
the plaque
but you should make the pockets on
Instagram
so we're at a new store do a boy good
boy now I need to do some adult stuff
and do some errands I don't like this
attention all shoppers attention all
shoppers I have my ten million black
thank you to the Jake Wallace the
merchant leg is in my oh it is always a
lot it is always fresh get it before it
runs out sorry this is the store people
who would just laugh at stuff that's
great yo I forgot to make an
announcement - on the intercom think
this is a big announcement
like this is BAE you really know what's
happening shoppers I forgot to make an
announcement earlier Jake Pollard's
anyone who is listening I am dropping
yellers today like actual Jay Paul the
yellers official yellers thank you so
you guys can get your official Gellar's
now there are only a small amount of the
others available guys so Kmart shoppers
please hurry up and count them before
they run out oh look
oh god I love it there's a diamond the
inside of this I hit 10 million enjoy
yeah you want to see it yeah interesting
oh you guys are cool bye guys did you
say good luck Jake is here Jake bother
is he in the family how did you know my
name
guys I just came up with the best idea I
want to go to Logan's house
well r√©gime just gonna like show him
this plaque and be like yo I got my
plaque before you ha ha ha but it's
gonna be even better if I act like this
is his plaque and I got it from YouTube
to deliver it to him and he's gonna
think it's his thing oh I got you this
place similar to the Lamborghini prank
we all know how that went
don't cry I'm sweating from my eyes I'm
sorry Logan I'm sorry but I haven't
pranked you in a while and we got to do
that
yeah I don't know how much it is
we sell this we don't sell this yeah you
do if you had to guess how much this
would be
what would you guess look at that that's
a diamond look at it can i scan it 1
million dollars what do you want this
time Nikolas another surprise no Nick it
just came in the mail good now
I'm really pulling up to the house like
right now I'll be then yeah you will
apparently nick has another surprise
what Oh what's he got what's he got
Santa Claus Nick this if bold wanted to
send you one and we got six instead it's
all for you it's an electric skateboard
you're starting to turn into Santa Claus
yeah old Saint Nick old Saint Nick yeah
take that where'd it go we are we threw
it in the ocean much the concern because
that is something you do know I should
actually throw in the ocean look it up
what's your name is your name Jake oh my
god oh my god my boy I miss you bro
what's up Oh
bun-chucks pissed yeah get out of here
give it whip games don't do this at home
kids we're trained professionals
excuse me Hey ladies oh yeah hi okay
Apollo now is your time to shine buddy
are you ready now this is a skateboard
ready Nick can you please ride this
skateboard I didn't tell you these folks
didn't spoil it but we also count them
outside the house even we can't film on
the street or in the house all wrong
house there's a model and a bush over
here just staring why are you so
good-looking you just in the bush
watching us get that evidence of us
filming here there's a model and a bush
watching us our security guard is ready
to take someone's head off we just got
new skateboards Justin Roberts has March
Nick's desk is out here I don't know
what the hell is going on I need a
moment
waitwhat doing that we can no look at me
I'm in the house break everything
manager Kevin's bad basically we're
allowed to film in the house okay okay
we're gonna do a meeting sorry
deep down on three
my career is back finally
beautiful look in our own house again
I'm so excited oh right now it is time
to prank Logan by making them think that
that subscriber plaque is his so we are
good guys
not only are we about to surprise Logan
with this subscriber plaque and I'm
gonna make him thinking that it's his
Apollo is gonna meet Kong for the first
time ever Apollo I need you to go in
there buddy thank you
I need you to dog up okay buddy God he's
got it
my boys got ya go back go back go back
I don't really trust you around my house
with me sighs it's finally come on and
show yourself worthy although some
clears know I just dropped my yellers
today Lincoln by oh is that here dad
what's going on what's going on yo y'all
know you basically go up basically um
YouTube hit me up and they wanted me to
deliver something to you if it's not my
diamond play button or one of the
hashtag Jake Potter's over party
t-shirts I don't know you like this
t-shirt right why do you open it no no
no what is it
oh my it's coming Sunday no this is it
how did you you I hate it before you and
you hit it twice they wanted me to
deliver it to you this isn't the diamond
play but this is yours Yeah right like
I'm falling I just drank you it's mine
we still win cuz you got it before me
even though I did it first you still win
Susanna
where you at him in Suzanne yo my girl
Suzanne hit me I know I'm not even
kidding I have a dinner on Sunday to get
my butt with aa shoe knocks I really
thought that it was gonna be another
Lamborghini moment am i crying do you
know what we should do with this
actually what cut it in half diamond
they can't cut bro it's not diamond bro
didn't you watch the videos it's not
real diamond it's plastic what
it's plastic newsflash fly you gotta
earn your dog where's my rolling I'm
going home
wait hold on I need to make my vlog
reviews Paula's gonna meet Kong but I'm
going home he's going back for my blog
just you predicted it I came we're
introducing Apollo and calling Apollo
don't do anything dumb im3 we're gonna
live down alright guys that is it for
today's blog thank you so much for
watching don't forget to copy don't
forget to chop yourself some of hot new
yellers I don't have them with me today
link on description here that here's
what they look like there's only a
limited amount of yellow so go and get
them while you can and if you don't want
some yellows then what do you want you
haven't already joined the Jake Paul or
family
make sure you smash that subscribe
button like our anyways Jake powers I
will see you guys tomorrow
guys is every day
Jake Pollard's wets pop and check out
this new March that marches hot boy new
items of merchandise limited-time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check see you guys tomorrow
oops
