we are going I don't want to do it we
are using this as our determining factor
we are gonna flip this wallet holder
thingy and whatever side it lands on is
how we're gonna determine what we do
morning Paul is let's go how y'all doing
today I got a lot goin on for you if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul this is
the David you guys are the Jake colors
and it is lit every single day bro
I am absolutely exhausted right now
allow me to narrate this day for you it
got weird it got freaky it got creepy
this morning we started off our day with
a serious problem guys this is not God
no no Jake Paul is basically my truck is
broken now when you put your truck in
the water and you have it sit in the
water like a boat and there's not a bow
that's when everything goes wrong
because I'm not a boat and you're not a
boat and we're not on a boat and
basically my truck is having problems
starting and then there's also water
into the axles this is not good
considering that we have a 12-hour drive
back to Los Angeles
Toyota service hello I need help what
they tell us it's gonna take all day to
fix then we're moving to New Mexico a
few moments later they said they
couldn't fix it we're stuck so so your
book Monday Monday it's every day Oh
chill out bro it's fine we're just we're
stranded here oh so basically we didn't
know what to do guys we had the
brainstorm I'm telling you we have to
buy a tow truck put my truck on the back
of the tow truck and drive back to Los
Angeles the only way oh yeah this is
salads for you Kade happy vegan what a
father's we actually don't know what to
do my truck is broken they don't have we
don't have this stuff they're gonna fix
it rolla we start to drive 12 hours what
yeah we're 12 seconds late oh I got it I
found a tow truck
yo only problem isn't you
what what all the hours in here you talk
like you're like Utah like like Utah New
Mexico
fuck you down bro we gotta go in Utah
have some eggs oh boy do you want to go
to Utah or what yeah he's coming to Utah
what's your name right Bryan is coming
to Utah with us
your dad doesn't know like a tow truck
or something did you have a go Chuck
good enough
all right we're gonna figure out what to
do I'll be here all right late al all
right so my boy Brian you didn't want to
go to Utah you dipped out so Jake
ballers it came down to being only one
way to decide what to do we had to flip
a coin we figured out there's only one
way for us to decide what to do guys oh
my gosh I promise you on my mother's
life on my brother's life on my dad's
life this is not rigged we are going I
don't want to do it we are using this as
our determining factor we are gonna flip
this wallet holder thingy and whatever
side it lands on is how we're gonna turn
the terms how we're gonna determine what
we do if it lands on this side with the
herschel thing that means we go to LA if
it lands on this that means we get the
tow truck and drive to Utah I want to go
home this is a life-changing decision
right here wait how you flip it down I
was gonna throw it okay already where's
Lincoln bio-cop it the hottest parts in
the game you are
no no no I really don't want to go wait
that was Riddick this he flips that way
all the time
see no wait a minute okay know what flip
me to court yes rig oh my god I might
just save their whole entire life oh my
god we have to do it again
we need a coin one eternity later ok so
we found a giant coin we already have a
1 coin flip that counts towards us going
to Utah no we don't you want to start
over yeah we said ok fine how did that
get it start over the guns means we go
to LA heads means we go to Utah
two out of three or one for one do you
have three sounds like it's the best
okay guns Oh
I wanna truck we can get that next week
no I want it now the coin rolls will go
down lay I don't care I think the movies
we act like we're driving towards LA
I'll Drive right now I start driving
toward later all right Chad you won this
round no wait wait a minute I'm baby
checking the maps the whole time and I
wake up it's all white
Gabriella pay you knew our plan right
away if you want to go that's cool all
right are you gonna be mad at me if you
dropped me off at airport Oh is where
you make it I just bought it by the way
Siri what's the closest airport but then
Jake Pollard's I had a change of heart
and I got emotional I started missing
Apollo I was almost home don't hit me I
was missing my best buddy in England who
did like so much like all this
Nickelodeon just called me what do you
think they want to do a show no way
we could get ponchos and moccasins bro
I'm a year oh yeah Oh plungers I like my
new favorite thing like legitimately a
lot
these are many plungers where do you
give me pointers that you came to get
these yeah you can't just enjoy
backslash Depot these are merch many
plungers
clearly we're bored we've been on the
road filling hours now and all we have
it is plan j4 and it take Paula I'm
gonna make my truck
a unicorn hold the camera
oh my god I just want a job you're hired
two thousand years later okay guys
and so now we are back in Los Angeles
guys ready to do it big it was such a
crazy week that was behind us one of the
best weeks of my whole entire life you
can't even explain it guys Jake ballers
thank you so much for watching you guys
are amazing smash that subscribe button
join the strongest team on YouTube copy
self some hot new merch as well join the
family we are close to selling out of
everything right now guys so if you want
to get it while you can't go before they
sell out and I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's everyday bra Oh Jake
Pollard's what's poppin check out this
new merch oh that merch is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake vol 2 which you guys can subscribe
to right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
