good morning Jake fellows what is going
on party people if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul you guys are the Jake Paula's
and it is lit every single day but what
the heck is good with you guys I hope
you're having a great day I hope you're
smiling hope you dab it on the Vedas and
I hope you work it hard guys today was
so much fun like a lot went down I hope
you're gonna enjoy it if you haven't
already smash that subscribe button join
the Jake Palmer family join the movement
join the journey we're just getting
started people it's up in to the right
but you know we had to start off this
morning strong with waking up the Chad
good old Chad good morning taxes just
don't get sleep eat otherwise a lot
louder all this water and then it was
time to get rowdy guys pay attention
when caring we out here and we are about
to shred this water Texas style is that
a thing okay I'm just gonna surf dude
now I'm actually doing it now my feet
supposed to be flat
alright guys so Jake is on
good song
my boy doesn't got it he needs some milk
so i'ma show how we tackle people
and then I was out jet skiing and Chad
fell asleep rope check okay guys so we
were telling my Chad and I fell asleep
and Jake is still out on the jet skis
and so we're gonna like call him in Chad
sleeping Jenna fell asleep thank you
Jack Bell asleep on the raft
all this mini Jake Pollard's know he's
out
good morning guys
Hey
then guys it was time to head back to
Los Angeles
so we are on our way back to Los Angeles
we are in literally the middle of
nowhere Texas they said he is waiting by
my computer for my vlog to upload but we
have log and so we're in the city and
we're gonna cause a little bit of
trouble not only are we causing trouble
but Chad has no clothes nor new clothes
we've been on the road for a while now
so we need a shop for Chad so we're in a
store now Apollo also Jake pause our
thoughts to tell you about this one look
at my screensaver
it's uncle Kade as a girl I like that
let's get those are you in the family
no okay I don't think Chad has showered
either so we're gonna get some of that
yeah very Chad like they said I
wouldn't make it natural natural she
comes hey dick Paulette you want to play
games
be like that okay we're done chefs which
add get it get the mousetraps
what you get in them and respected
welcome to texas where everything is
bigger I'm so tired of all these jokes
I'll put these back somebody's looking
tubby I'm cute he has a wife
I have a wife sort of known as name√≠s I
do
Jack Jake no Jack Bell Jack Bell she's
in the family no wasn't she walking in
the other clip the past couple of the
skateboard blunder attempts have failed
hearing up here 12th annual skateboard
plunge
I'm sorry this is these plungers are
ours
yeah so is this much Lincoln bio Lincoln
by I'm sorry Martin's getting kicked out
man I just wanna it's what a plunge so
make this is a legendary plunger right
here you cheap ones Oh
yo how are you all right here it's good
squad okay so now we are back here where
we started
chad is so with the vlog and we got him
his clothes I think he's gonna be
excited you gone for like two hours what
are you doing we got your pleasure can I
got you mouth chef and we know you like
mouth shut he's China so we actually got
him real close we're good friends we're
gonna make them put on this shirt so we
got chatted dressed per usual cause some
more trouble and now we are here
somewhere I don't even know I think in
New Mexico Wow and that is it for
today's vlog guys if you haven't already
like I said join the movement cut
yourself some hot know March rap it hard
rap it fast but cope with Jake parlor I
love you guys truly thank you for
everything you do for me this past week
of my life has been incredible you guys
are amazing keep smiling keep dabbing on
them haters keep working hard and I will
see y'all beautiful souls tomorrow
because it's everyday wrap this Jake
Pollard's with pop and check out this
new March that merch is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it
see you guys tomorrow poof
