now I don't know if you remember but we
are first here the other day this street
right here was completely flooded this
is where we are driving the jet skis
guys please good morning check pulse
what is going now body people if you are
new here I'm Jake Paul so much is going
on today
allow me to narrate it for you but
before we do that I want to make sure
you're smiling I wanna make sure your
debit on the Vedas and I want to make
sure you're working hard every single
day so guys this morning started off in
Houston right now I am in Dallas all
right guys we are officially
leaving Houston
it was crazy there was a inspiring
eventful
life-changing trip and I want to thank
Niki who was the Jake Paula kerger let
us stay at his house which we are
leaving right now
giving us a base camp and everyone at
Nikki's family Dominique Nick Ava
Bella you guys are so awesome styles you
guys are amazing always remember this
place
hi guys bye
then guys after like studying out a long
time in Houston Texas we made the
decision that it was time to start
heading back towards Los Angeles we were
all exhausted we already lost Cade Chad
had a nail into his foot and we still
have liked to drive a couple days back
now we helped as much as we possibly
could we raised over a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars guys for her the
hurricane Harvey victims that is
absolutely insane give yourselves a
round of applause and I want to thank
anybody who donated at any amount of
money or supported in any way possible
thank you thank you thank you after a
week of being there it like truly truly
changed my life like I have it's hard to
say like I don't know what I'm saying
but like I now look at life in a
different way and I don't take anything
for granted I am now going to strive to
appreciate the things I have in life
more and what we saw and experienced was
unforgettable and I learned a lot about
myself and a lot about people and
helping others and how much it is needed
so Houston had so much empathy for you
my prayers go out to everyone in Houston
and we will be back soon enough same
guys it was time to make a pit stop guys
before leaving Houston we wanted to make
a pit stop to check back in on the
family that we rescued the first day
we're here and also to show you how fast
the water comes and goes
now I don't know if you remember but
we're first here the other day this
street right here was completely flooded
this is where we are driving the jet
skis guys look at this the family that
we rescued houses right up here and now
you can drive on it and like it doesn't
really look like there's flooding these
cars right here will under water I was
living like riding my jet ski right here
not only 72 hours ago absolutely insane
and then guys my truck sold so bad like
it literally smelled like a a pond like
a lily of pine because it was all under
all that water and like completely
flooded so we try to clear up the same
oh my god you got oh when you pull your
truck underwater some of the water seeps
in and the water was putrid smelling at
port ammonia in the car to make it smell
better it smells better but now it just
smells like ammonia and then I started
putting dryer sheets everywhere and now
it's - it smells too good
see this then we drove for hours and
hours and hours and into the night and
oh it's time for a little bit
and guys that is it for today don't
forget about the 50% off so of March why
all you have to do is use the promo code
always plug and you have a 15% off of
merch
today is the last day of that guys so
hurry up get yourself that hot new
weren't you know I'm always reppin
joining the Jake Paula family smash that
subscribe button now we'll see you
tomorrow because it's every day bro
peace
Jake Pollard's wet stop and check out
this new March that merch is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
check it see you guys tomorrow Boosh
