what is up Jake Pollard's how are you
doing if you are watching this video
then that means that I am either have no
Wi-Fi and lost or I'm endangered or are
saving people's lives but I'm making
this video ahead of time now I'm gonna
send it to someone on Team 10 so that
they can upload it for me but just know
that if you are watching this that we
are you know filming stuff we are
helping people on the ground we are
uniting the Jake Pollard's to come
together and help the people in Houston
and that we are trying our best to keep
you guys up to date but if you know if
you are watching this video you might
want to follow me on Twitter or
Instagram so that you can keep up with
me there because it might be easier for
me to post there I have no idea what
we're getting into
but again making this video ahead of
time and hopefully it's still everyday
bro and I don't have to miss a day of
posting log
vlog is not the priority but we're gonna
do everything we can to try to post
that's right so if you're watching this
this means that we weren't able to get a
post up because there's no Wi-Fi and
someone on Team tetanus posting this for
us so stay tuned Jake Pollard's we're
gonna be as safe as possible
I don't know peace
