I will literally give you $100,000 if
you beat me in a fight good morning Jake
polish the producers of Jay Paul vlogs
insist that you do not attempt this
stunt that is about to happen we are
trained professionals
honestly we're semi trained
professionals probably not probably not
even professionals I'm more of just a
vlogger never try this at home the point
is allow me to explain what is about to
go down guys so uh this morning we woke
up and our boy Richard he built this
giant what would you call this yo he
built there's a giant jump in our front
yard roll the clips
Oh so we're about to send it off this
ramp right now guys I don't know Mari
it's like a little it's literally a
giant jump I apologize for my friends
guys but yo put your vlog belts on
put your seatbelts on and get ready for
this epic sin before we do that Kyler is
gonna backflip off the back of this you
on YouTube guys yeah that probably what
really was to be hopefully this helps
sorry about that
we're in there's not a star
Oh
that's we're all a little I told you
told you that this is the most layer two
to nine later welcome to the most
dysfunctional team on YouTube and
welcome to the team 10th house
Rose easily jumps you land the flat
every time but judge there lets barely
clear the ramp nobody's safe sorry
Nathan
sorry nobody's safe even my boy gez said
he's like super late today sunny
Calabasas it's a good day guys smile
make sure your smile are you good bro
I just I feel like I landed in dog poop
you are dogs I just have to point
something out bro
you're looking a lot like the team ten
man right now speaking of jumps
that's not what I meant by jumping the
team den man
I meant literally jump it see I jumped
that guy's clickbait I'm a longer third
time comedy step I'm sorry guys like I'm
a vlogger I click pay people like if you
don't click pay people then are you even
a youtuber you can literally make
clickbait out of anything look a shark
Jake pull punch me in the face check out
this one the team ten house is on fire
what this one I mean let me take Paul
honey no guys once again welcome to our
lives if you new here my name is Jake
Paul you guys are the Jake polish with
the strongest team on YouTube but yeah
this is super funny right now uh let me
take the camera Nathan what do you got
to do right now
no Nathan's going on a date guys I'm
super proud of you the problem is I
needed a videographer so I know but I do
got these batteries for the camera that
I'm giving you to record here come on
Mia please I'm actually better than you
so you really okay Howler's I love you
guys but first of all we need to address
something before we can go any further
yesterday or like a couple days ago or
something like that
how many short boobs which is csi's
brother he basically made a video saying
that he was looking for Logan and I in
Los Angeles and you know we got
something for I'm hard to get him on the
phone in just a couple of minutes on
this vlog here and we're gonna try and
figure out like what we wanna do but I
have my own plan in mind and the plan
might have something to do with an
octagon or UFC cage or you know
something with eight sides and a lot of
fencing there's I might be having a UFC
cage being built in my house right now
I'm gonna try and fight this kid today
before you know I was gonna say you look
good for you
groaning dispatch go get a buddy uncle
Nathan's all grown up I love it
yo do you hear that I think the car is
here guys nah shut up actually so if you
don't remember uh I had dynamite Dylan a
couple weeks ago take the IDI fluence
car well at the time it wasn't the ED
fluence car but I had them take the bmw
m3 and turn it into the Edit fluence car
and I think it's time to show you guys
he is like pulling up right now oh my
gosh bro look at this J father oh I just
kind of turned into like a romantic
movie scene where like a couple is going
it got kind of weird this is amazing no
what happened since ed fluence course
was so fire it is fire it is super fire
go to a divorce calm and chase your
dreams become a vlogger today but what
yeah I thought to myself why don't I
make the car spit fire no I think we're
gonna get to the flame part in a second
but check out how dope this whip is
I'm the booty cop you got me my knees
like yo so dope you don't like Christmas
we do the gunshot yeah yeah oh my god is
that what yeah yeah what what did you
say fans redeye callbacks let's check
well just again I can hear a little bit
but Sears my ears are blown out Wow
Bruce Beck you know can we see if it
fits blame it's like I want to get a
shot of the flames
my car is a charged dog that dog
validation michael cera keep it feeling
an excitation
what's that location for you from the
jump
validation Magus a I keep it sitting
next to Texas yeah yeah me now
what's that location been down for you
from yo I love that car guys it means a
lot to me especially because that took
so much time building influence course
but yo it is time to address this
situation I'm high so if you don't now
let me get you caught up to speed
basically ksi has a little brother named
comedy short boobs I don't know his real
name and he made the other day where he
came from England to Los Angeles to try
and find me or my brother Logan alright
guys I know on my way to America I'm
guessing that it's to cause a little bit
of trouble or to stir the pot or stir up
some beef so I went ahead and put this
here octagon in my living room because
instead of just like talking about it
and going back and forth and like him
trying to find me I'm just gonna call
him and tell him my address and and
invite him over
enough with the back-and-forth bro and
especially because he called me the P
word like over 50 times
you're probably wondering Jake like how
are you just gonna call this kid well
his friend actually texted me and was
like yo this kid is at my house if you
want to like call him I'm like yeah I
want to call him if he's looking for me
I'll just tell him where I'm at you know
I'm saying because I'm a big proponent
of settling things like in a mature
adult and not over social media and so I
thought that instead of just like him
trying to find me I was just you know
you know what
just like how dopest octagon is first of
all I think we're undermining that fact
it actually took so long to build check
it
oh I love like calling people's Bluffs
cuz like he said he was looking for me
and I'm like telling him where I'm at
and I'm gonna invite him over to my
house and like handle the situation
man-to-man or like talk it out or or you
know just resolve the issue bro because
I think that's what the people want
please leave your message you had a
planned call bro can't you have a little
bit of professionalism dammit like this
kid is too scared to pick up the phone
and even just like talk to me these kids
are saw chaos I won't ever may fight me
his brothers making all these videos
looking for me
come into my house look I mean look at
that did anyone see that's on them bro
put your juice off to actually come and
settle it all right guys this later on
America's house right now stay hi hi
this kid texted me huh I think he's
ready to answer the phone this time is
JJ ksi I was calling to talk talk about
you um just cuz I've been seen like you
saying that you're looking for me
I would just want to let you know that
you can come to my house or like I'll
give you my address like and you can
just come over I built a bell in the
Octagon actually in my in my living room
mom I'll box you like literally right
now you're calling me the P word online
pulling me out saying that you're
looking for me I'm confused while you're
looking for me then like but but then
doesn't that make you up okay well I'm
I'm challenging you to a fight then oh I
haven't trained either
why do we need training why don't why
don't you like I literally have an
octagon in my living room fact what's
your real name by the way sorry like uh
dougie well dizzy bro I just don't think
it's smart to call somebody the p-word
and then try to look for them and show
no there's no rules though the thing is
bro if you're trying to show up at my
house or like come over or look for me
like then actually come to my house I
mean I'm down to have a slumber party
bro
if you want to come over and we can have
lunch but then we need to have a boxing
match or MMA match or whatever type of
match that you want to have yeah let's
run it I am I built the fuckin cage in
my living room I'm so serious I think
you need to learn a lesson on it is bro
go to edmunds.com right now and learn
about social media and also learn a
lesson about saying the P word I will
literally give you $100,000 if you beat
me in a fight I want to fight him but I
want it to be an MMA fight I'm telling
you to come to my house so you do want
to fight me right now we can fight in a
year we can fight in five years I'm
challenging you I'm challenging you now
how about this let's make a deal you and
I fight in a boxing match when I win
then ksi has to fight me in an anime
match you know you won't win against get
aside in a boxing fight a boxing fight
isn't a real fight though that's the
thing like everybody wants to see
mmm-hmm
I don't get how somebody over the phone
can be can talk that much smack but like
not beat down to fight in some form or
fashion guys he's literally flying to
Los Angeles to try and start beef with
me and I'm like but I'm just saying like
I'm down bro like whoever wants it you
can get it but a boxing match is not a
real fight it doesn't show who's a real
fighter big pads on gloves and I'm not
gonna utilize only my fists in a fight
like that's not that's not how people
fight but again I reiterate that this is
all just like fun for me it's
entertainment purposes guys and I
encourage you to not be violent don't
get into fights at school don't go out
and think it's okay to fight like this
is Hollywood like a lot of stuff is like
just for fun and I was hoping that we
could do this and that come to an
agreement for charity again these kids
are literally like revamping their
careers off of this drama and I respect
that cause I respect all so this drama
goes away tomorrow I go back to making
the most litte YouTube videos on you
little fact and they go back to two
I don't know I don't know what they do
and he keeps on saying that like uh he
didn't challenge me but like oh I'm
challenging you like you're talking mad
smack so I'm gonna take you out before I
take your brother out you guys keep on
saying yo you would lose the whatever
his name is in a boxing match like that
just proves that you guys know he would
lose in an MMA match and so I want to
put another offer on the table here's
the offer but before we getting that you
looky there
yo that's what I'm saying I offered him
a hundred get about that bar bro no one
offers me a hundred a new car my final
offer is I will do a fight with ksi if
we go round by round switching the sport
I don't know if this is possible we do
one round MMA one around boxing one
around mmm a one run Boxey I'm down for
it cuz like I don't I just came up with
that I'm trying to be smart bro that's
the farthest I'll go that's the biggest
compromise I'm making and DJ I'm down to
fight you bro what daddy I'm down to
fight you first like please train bro
like out well I haven't been training
either like free Verizon message you're
paying per minute rates on international
calls on damn it that cost money to do
that call no I'm really pissed but DJ
after after I beat your ass you know I'm
gonna beat your ass ksi you can't get
two hands to like I love how Logan's not
even in this anymore I'm just taking on
both brothers cuz I'm about that life I
throw these hands buttcap yourselves on
the highest marks in the game fans are
that Kovacs that's Jake Paul and I will
see y'all tomorrow because it's everyday
bro peace join the everyday bro movement
default and calc your self some of the
hottest sports in the game go right now
because the take callers sell everything
out and subscribe button and join the
most lit youtube channel on YouTube I'll
see y'all tomorrow
