what is up my man good morning guys
today is gonna be another huge day
you're gonna want to stay tuned there's
a lot going on if your new year I'm Jake
Paul you guys are the Jake Pollard's we
are still out here in Houston giving as
much relief efforts and help as we
possibly can
let's jump right into today but guys
we're really upset because Cade has to
head back to Los Angeles because of a
family emergency so let's send prayers
for his family we'll talk more about it
later but sorry guys there's no crying
out with you guys we killed it when we
had time sorry I got a dip out you did
good work man and I appreciate you guys
everyone's eating everyone's got changed
change everything for me and it's been
an amazing trip it's unfortunately house
and shore but that's just the way the
cards fell so let's give a big thank
stuff for Cade and it is also Thomas's
birthday and he's turning 19 and Thomas
is like working out and here in Houston
on his birthday which he doesn't have to
do so I'm really stoked for him as well
it's just crazy cuz like he was supposed
to be with his girlfriend a day or with
friends a day but instead he's giving up
his time working hard it's a sick man
it's awesome all right let's hit it guys
you know the Raps weakness in trucks and
man people are pretty pretty kick ass
with coming here with good trucks and
also as soon as the two cars looked at
me one bird going to both lost ' okay so
I'll have it orange right now yep and
just started adding people from their
houses or whatever basically is needed
okay
and when that mission is you're no
longer feeling that that's where you
need to be
can you call Alexander and we'll get the
chopper there to pick you up to go meet
Trey and his crew there the boats in the
dive crew got it in in what city we'll
fly all the way back to Alvin probably
caught up unless the TFR is restricted
in Port Arthur path which I would then
reroute Trey and his crew to Port Arthur
and and that helicopter picking you guys
basically the priority to change based
on what's over yeah
we are getting good information on where
to go or not to go there are still
missions out there where we go and it's
a we all we know is that area is good
and we don't need to go back which sucks
but
let's hit it let's do it
hi guys so right now we're about to head
to Orange Texas which if you remember
from my vlog two days ago an elementary
school shooting was going on there and
the whole entire city was going
underwater because two hours from us a
dam broke and is heading towards the
city in that same city there's an
elementary school that has been held
hostage by shooters so we're gonna head
there right now in helicopters it's
probably the most dangerous area right
now just because there's a lot of
looters and a lot of people shooting at
each other and also a lot of floodwater
at the same time
guys I am so frustrated right now
because we got there started helping out
a little bit and then basically told us
that we had to leave flew like an hour
and the helicopter started helping out
and then they're like oh you have to go
we need to help other places then we fly
back here to the airfield another hour
gone and nobody knows what's going on
nobody knows exactly what's needed and
it's just like super frustrating like
it's like what you're trying to help but
you can't we're gonna figure out what to
do we're trying to get you an area to
help people right now I'd like look at
look at the roads it's still just like
all right sir on jet skis now Chad's
driving us in when the families evacuate
their homes they go to shelters but then
after it becomes a little bit more safe
then we can take the families back into
their houses so that they can grab
medicine maybe their pets are still
there so on and so forth there's three
people
both full of people there's still a lot
of people that we're trying to get out
yeah there's three people on a meeting
right now they just want to get back to
their homes it's pretty it's pretty
insane guys also I just got on the phone
with Casey Neistat who's in Houston and
Thomas Thomas is inspiration is Casey
United's tent like that's why you
started vlogging so as a birthday
present for Thomas I'm gonna have a meet
Casey so Casey's coming to meet us right
now guys well let's grab these families
yeah
of course yes good where am i from
I'm from California yeah bye good luck
with everything
guys first far as you can see here it's
flooded like this is a hell this is a
high school or something just no one is
back here
guys now my jet skis broken I'm trying
to go pick up Casey
oh hello came to rescue me
I don't know if you could see it but my
jet ski is on fire okay you think we can
hook you up come on
all right guys what is going on Thomas
right now is inside and Casey came all
the way out here
I'm Morgan I surprised Thomas it was
such a long day he worked all day on his
birthday
we broke a jet ski what is up my man how
have you been - see you in Texas it's
been a while
no so vlogging actually say hi blog it's
nice to meet all our that's true
19 blog like what how many days because
of you alright Thomas was that a good
birthday great oh okay well guys thank
you so much for watching that is it for
today if you are already a Jake pala
make sure you smash that subscribe
button or cut yourself down hot new
merch you already know it's extra 580 we
are doing a Labor Day sale right now
guys are gonna get 15% off of your items
all you have to do is use the promo code
always plug so join the Jake Palmer
family copy sell some Hondo Mart's you
already know
Jake Pollard's wets pop and check out
this new March that marches hot boy new
items of merchandise limited-time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
check it see you guys tomorrow poof
