but my daughter doesn't actually know
you're coming so I have a surprise okay
good morning squad what is going on guys
we're diving right into it today we are
here at the George R Brown Convention
Center in Houston when people get
evacuated from their homes they have
nowhere to stay for a little period of
time so the city sets up these shelters
that people can go to to find food water
friends family and have a place to stay
we're gonna go inside of here and try to
give you an idea of like what it's like
in there raise awareness about the
situation and so that you guys can see
like truly what is happening here in
Houston and how tragic it is and how
many people it is affecting so let's go
inside
so as you guys can tell there's like a
lot of people in here that I really have
nowhere to go probably don't have their
cell phones like there's even a missing
persons for people that are still lost
how you guys doing give me a look that's
my boy
guys I saw him in side where everyone is
sleeping right now look at this this is
like so shocking
I'm here with JV on the Kendall you guys
staying here how long have you been here
you'll be talking to Jake Pollard's here
this is just like heartbreaking let's
see and these people need our help
tenfold
they need homes
we might mean we didn't shout
all these people who have those ovens
and painted
and people understand we understand I
lived like this for seven years
sorry about sir
I can't be in here anymore
so now we are on our way to a fans or
two fans houses guys and this is like a
crazy crazy story listen to this so the
other day on Instagram I posted this
picture and in this picture it shows
this family evacuating their home trying
to get out I was heartbroken I was like
this is and went viral on Facebook
someone sent it to me and then I
realized that the girl in the picture
was wearing a team 10 shirt like look
you could see the team 10 shirt her
wearing the team 10 merchandise and I
was like oh my gosh like this is what
it's all about guys and so I posted the
picture on Instagram and the craziest
thing happened they the dad reached out
to me and it was like hey you know we're
safe now thank you so much for like
posting the picture blah blah blah it
would be awesome if you could come and
meet ace and seve which I hurt which are
his daughters and so guys right now
we're about to go meet ace and seve but
the crazy thing is is that after all of
this flooding happens these people's
houses are just ruined as you could see
like people in these different
neighborhoods are like starting to like
take out basically everything that they
have and cleaning it up so that's what
they're doing now guys their house got
destroyed and
it's like so saddening but we're gonna
go see if we can help in any way and
we're gonna go meet ace and a since Evie
oh my god my daughter doesn't actually
know you're coming
crying okay how are you
cleaning up your house
you're helping other people
were you the one with the steam to
ensure it on yeah she was that's my girl
staying strong in the flood thank you
what was that oh I feel so bad are you
good now though right there we got a
lots of people take care of it we're
doing pretty well no want to come inside
and check it out yeah yeah right here
use one of our firefighters this one
here yes sighs you guys are all good
yeah you did not say it yeah where's
this the only thing you say this is my
magician new topic okay so basically
that's the whole first floor Nintendo it
was fun it was fine put him up real high
and he was good to go
no how does so the fireman I got right
there first that firefighter swam her
out sit her on a lifejacket was is it a
girl or boy girl her name is penny penny
was she was she here during the whole
got rescued by this man right here this
firefighters seriously oh yeah we all
need it we all need to help clean up
right everyone get to work
this is the Jake Paul r-texas crew was
good boy let go on three you always does
this
oh my god okay mo short I'm Alan scalpel
feet oh god okay this bothers my fitness
Averett my favorite thing that I've ever
signed apes was trapped inside and she
managed to take this my book with her
like it's it's soaking wet but like this
I don't know I'm just like speechless
but this is like my favorite thing I've
heard ever signed I don't even know what
to say
guys it was so awesome meeting agents
heavy I just I felt good to like
hopefully take their mind off of
everything that's going on with the
hurricane and have fun for a little bit
and be like regular kids because I'm
sure all those kids in that whole entire
neighborhood all their homes were ruined
and their families and stuff are now
repairing their houses and so I felt
good to be able to hang out with them
and just like play play around like have
uncle Kate and Chad wreck themselves I'm
like he recognized myself that was me
mostly that was actually 100% me now we
are heading over to an airfield to do
some planning with some of the military
and the Army Special Forces the grind
never stops guys it's like 7 o'clock
we've been going since the morning I was
hit
okay yeah so we had a good meeting about
all of the stuff that we're gonna do
tomorrow there's a lot going on there's
still more cities endangered a couple
hours to the east of Houston so we're
planning on doing some supply runs there
literally these cities have their whole
water supply cutoff Houston is starting
to get a little bit better as far as
people getting to safety but that is it
for today's vlog guys if you haven't
already joined the Jake Paulo family
smash that subscribe button and don't
forget about the GoFundMe link in the
description guys we still need a ton of
help here these families is still need a
ton of money you can go and donate there
anything counts guys a dollar five
dollars whatever it is we appreciate all
of the help there and we will see you
tomorrow because it's every day peace
Jake Pollard's wets pop and check out
this new March that marches hot boy new
items of merchandise limited-time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 chuck see you guys tomorrow
poof
