guys emergency situations and times like
these yeah a strong good morning Jake
Pollard's what is going on people so
much happened today and I'm gonna
narrate it all for you guys again it was
another inspiring hard-working rough
emotional and stressful day we started a
super super early and are just now just
now getting back here but if you're new
here I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's again if you haven't watched
the other vlogs I am in Houston helping
out with the whole hurricane Harvey
situation and before we get started guys
in light of recent events be grateful
for what you have
keep on smiling keep on dabbing on the
mater's and keep on working hard if you
do all of those things in life you will
be successful no matter what but let's
get right into it so this morning
started off super fast paced like there
was no breaks roll it
we just got to the first location guys
this is we're going back in there's
basically tons and tons of people that
need help there's more people back there
yeah let me explain the situation and
why it's such a problem to be saving all
of these people and why there's still so
many people to be saved
imagine like a bunch of different ponds
separated from each other and homes in
the middle of the ponds if you take a
boat into one of the ponds to get to the
other pond it doesn't work because in
the middle it's not flooded so then
basically you can't take your boat any
further and so that's why people can't
get out so you may sit then navigate
around the whole entire city we've been
driving for hours already this is the
beginning of the vlog and find these
different areas that you can actually
get in so that's why it's so complicated
this is absolutely insane everyone still
needs help we are currently in the in
the middle of this highway right now we
have the government like FEMA people
right here more government people right
down here and we have a confirmed
address of somewhere that someone that
needs help basically people are running
around and it's really hard to access
the homes because you don't know which
waterways are too shallow look at all
these electrical wires you don't know
what's gonna happen but we're just gonna
go for it literally what's going on here
is um
FEMA has these big boats and they can't
get in these areas where we can get on
the jet skis and people right now it's
insane like I just talked to Sadie she
lost her house her two cars her dog her
animals and she's still smiling so it's
just like we we're just trying to help
everybody right now this is the same
he's a Jay Fowler JK all I'm gonna
waiting by the truck okay thanks good
he's brought you water no this is
what's your name is your family good boy
Romney water do the Jake polish around
your sleep in the day but boys a savage
dude thank you so much they said that we
need to get I just talked to one of
these officers they said then they need
to get a dog all the way across here
there's a dog here is the dog where do
you have the address of where it needs
to go
I'll find out again too much
I you were so adorable hi we got a
little puppy rescue is the first mission
I don't know if you can see this they
try to track people down and communicate
with the government the thing is guys is
that the government has certain
regulations on things they can and can't
do when they're going to rescue people
which is why it's almost better than
that the civilians of Texas are here
rescuing people
oh we're good oh it's down it's really
shell okay I got you
come on puppy here that's it I'll go
I'll give it to all right okay what's
your name
there you go sir
there's a residential area back all the
way back in there this is all talking
about like we need to help because look
at that that's a cop asking me for
information like no one knows what's
going on and everyone's just trying to
help so I don't know what to do but like
we're just going and going and going
yeah
alright so now we're taking people back
to their apartment building
to grab some stuff
missions
on missions these people need us
you need to get them back right yeah
yeah right here right now we have an
address of apparently there's like a
dozen or so people back in this
neighborhood the government doesn't know
where we are there are we have an
address
from somebody Cades cedar isn't running
well and this is where it's gonna get
dangerous because the currents and back
channels and the flow of the water back
in these neighborhoods is really random
I don't know what's about to go down and
his CDs not doing well this is what I'm
talking about with the ponds see this is
a street right here where there's no
water and we need to go over there but
going through here is like really
sketchy because it's like industrial
spots and you don't know how shallow it
gets but we need to get to the people
back there
it gets shallow so you don't you can't
get around like there's no water here
this is like what I'm talking about
where there's the communication and I
like the whole city of Houston is that
he was already evacuated so you never
know like who's helping who does anybody
need help
does anybody need help I know California
we drove
yeah I sure appreciate it yeah of course
thank you from out here no I'm from
California
oh really yeah he drove in for this yeah
someone said that there's someone in
here so or I think we're gonna pull them
out are you good
anything else or no I'm good really
appreciate it
you okay Thomas we're coming back now
Sanna time Oh teller
I'm same with a buddy trying to rent a
house
alright let's pick up these jet skis I
feel like this is deep bro
that's deep put your window up but you
window do window it's almost over
oh my god I'm a survivor whatever my
kids are doing I'm usually there in the
middle of it wondering why I'm doing a
fishing last time we hate eating you
guys yeah we should go wish to take you
yeah we'll talk to in the absence of our
sons
is that your son well I think um II
don't this she is where the boats are
talk to her there's a lot of our
rescuers here hello Barbara
they're coming for you we got I'm sorry
I I can walk your your husband's there
yeah your husband's best stuck back
there unknown I can call for I can never
you know well I'm okay we got you meet
us right over there we're gonna take
their all over there this is awesome
enough so we were about to leave we
haven't eaten
Cades actually look at this good
okay guys so as we were leaving this
lady came up and like smashed like back
on the window and was like can you
please help me my husband's back there
so Jake's taking her now and he's just
taking her across to the other side sit
back to her husband where her house is
yeah she seemed pretty distraught like
she was really upset we were on our way
out to leave we haven't eaten all day
we're exhausted in the Sun and yeah it's
crazy man all right guys I think we're
done running missions here everyone is
safe
I think they need us a helicopters say
yo are we are we going in the helicopter
no I'm gonna go right now I'm gonna go
right now right
okay guys so we just got to the we just
got to enjoy so much and we're about to
go up over the city of Houston we're
helping them figure out where the floods
are where they're gonna drop off some
supplies I don't know what is really
going on but we'll be able to get an
aerial view of like the whole entire
city let's go alright guys this is one
of this is one of the army helicopters
they basically take supplies up into the
air to like the different shelters and
then drop off the food for them we're
going in this blue helicopter right
there guys emergency situations and
times like these yeah stay strong and
stay positive
so what I talk about on a day-to-day
basis with these vlogs it's like smile
everyday work hard every day I love you
guys seriously I mean that from the
bottom of my heart
like I love Jake Wallace each and every
single one of you
there's anyone who watches these videos
I love you guys thank you for supporting
me and I don't take it for granted ever
these families need us
we're and now we need to support them
guys you will literally see here that
like the these farms and literally whole
entire areas of farms are just
completely flooded
here you will see this is where they're
letting like water go into the city a
lot of people think that since it's not
raining that they're okay but this isn't
true
they're holding water behind this wall
and letting it into the city in a
controlled way
Jake follows you can see literally this
whole entire airport is under water this
is like the tarmac area there's planes
like they're over in this area this
airport used to be like bringing in
supplies for families but now he has you
see just like rundown
guys
as you can tell the city is devastated
we need more help and that's what I
wanted to show you guys get up in the
air everybody thinks that everything's
ok now because it's not raining but in
fact now is the time where everyone
needs to help the most just now it's
time to fix the damage is anyone who
lost anybody it's truly truly tragic and
if you guys can help in any way GoFundMe
merch whatever you want to do it would
be so appreciated not just by me but by
everyone in the city of Houston I can
only imagine how many more people out
there like that and again like we need
your guys's help if you can get involved
in any possible way 100 percent of the
Houston Harvey t-shirt merchandise is
going back to these victims into these
families or don't forget about the
GoFundMe link in the description guys we
have a 500k goal I know that Jake
Pollard's can hit it let's raise that
money that truly truly need it or I
cannot stress it enough the Jake
Pollard's need to come together and and
and unite and and use all of our
resources to help in any way possible
today was such a learning lesson to and
the life-changing day again and again
and again I'm learning so much I'm I
have so much empathy I have so much
empathy for these individuals and for
these families they're going through a
lot right now I can't even imagine like
what it would be like to go through that
personally I don't know what I would do
again guys thank you so much for
watching keep those families in your
prayers keep on smiling be grateful for
everything you have smash that subscribe
button if you aren't already at Jake
Palmer join the family join the March
movement we're so out here I'm gonna
keep on grinding in I'm gonna keep on
doing everything I can guys keep me keep
these families keep team ten in your
prayers and I will see you guys tomorrow
because it's a free day brah peace
Jake Pollard's wets pop and check out
this new March Oh that marches hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 Chuck see you guys
tomorrow
peace
