this is the most insane thing I've ever
seen good morning Jake Pollard's what is
going on people right now we are in
Houston staying at my boy Nicki's house
he's a Jake Paula we reached out to him
and we're like yo we need a place to
stay we are stationed like ten minutes
outside of where all the floods are
happening and all the people are getting
rescued and all the shelters are if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
are the Jake Pollard's and it is lit
every single day bro before we get
started I will really want to send this
message of like being grateful for
everything you have like just driving in
this morning there is a lot of chaos
going on and I really want you guys at
home to be like so thankful and grateful
for the things that you guys have you
never know what's gonna happen to it
we're doing all we can to help with
Hurricane Harvey and there's so many
people out there that are helping and I
want to thank you guys an update on the
hurricane today is the first day that
hasn't been raining and that the Sun is
actually out so things are looking
better but there's still a ton of repair
to be done and still a ton of families
and people that need food and that are
still stuck inside of their houses and
so that's what we were hoping to set out
to help resolve today we got a big day
ahead of us stay tuned guys we're gonna
need your help we're gonna need your
support I don't know what's gonna happen
today but things are like gonna get to
really serious and like any support we
can get from you guys would be super
helpful as well as I know the families
here and the Jake haulers here in
Houston are gonna be super appreciative
of it and like I said my first ever
meetup was here in Houston and so this
means a lot to me that I'm able to do
this let's go
all right guys we're going in it's
pretty high
just watch the skis in the back and once
I get started floating the mailboxes are
like up to the top she's over her knees
back down here yeah I got I got it
pulled up all right tell her I'm three
minutes away okay we have so many that
there are three minutes away don't be
mad this is ass like this is an odd
thoughts guys all right guys we have an
address there's a family of seven it's
half a mile away through all this water
doesn't stay all right yeah they're only
a couple they're only a little bit guys
you know you guys need help you guys
need help yeah
does he help get it out yeah we're
coming to get you
yeah we have Cedars out here huh you
guys okay yeah we gotta see this
okay yeah follow you guys I got you
come on buddy you okay buddy
to me all right all right ready I'm
gonna pick you up
you good are you gonna get on the back
of my night do you like orange orange or
green better orange oranges all right
sit up there
I'm gonna take you to this truck up here
and then we'll get everyone on the back
of the truck and then we'll drive out I
this is
the most insane thing I've ever seen
there's more people three more kids got
their suitcases
this is a step dude step right there and
then climb on the back there you go
whole entire neighborhood is flooded
it's really really deep for like up on
the platform right now it's like 6 feet
deep right here alright guys the biggest
problem that we're having is like
finding people is where that where
people's houses are and where people
need help like there's no way of
communicating with them it's actually
really really sad in North East Texas
there's still a lot of flooding there
right on the bay kind of the right on
the bay so that's where we're gonna head
now it's starting to get dark so we're
gonna see what we can do guys we're
going all over the city right now trying
to find where we can help people as you
can tell it's dark outside so it gets a
little bit more dangerous there's still
families who need our home
the presbyterian church was a bunch of
people there looking like they had
okay thank you thank you so we're
driving all around the city at nighttime
you don't know who needs help because
they're all inside of their houses and
you basically can't get to their whole
entire houses
we're basically lost we're like
communicating with the police and
everything like and these people here
are all are helping out as well but
check this out there's like a whole
neighborhood back there and nobody knows
if there's like more people or not other
people there's a car there and trying to
figure out someone got hurt they don't
know
so we're putting them in it okay guys so
the fire department just is now asking
us to drive them back into this area
that we were talking about because
apparently someone's back there so we're
gonna help rescue them I don't know
what's going down but they have
information and yeah
say Brian take nice sweet some extra
mention - what so what is that what
exactly is going down Lexus everybody no
fication you know it went off and they
can't get hold anybody
are you from here no you're even Dallas
no la Ola okay you guys come here pilot
yeah
you want them here Pam in the back no I
mean I just put it in there hoping for
the best and no I mean I when I saw
people leave they were taking the pizza
with us well just take me wherever or
y'all just kind of like the Good
Samaritan yeah that's us
those two our firefighters were just a
disability
yeah there's a couple shallow parts a
little farther up the road you guys long
you guys can push it up there's a curve
okay
apparently two hours away from us guys
two hours from us a dam broke and is
heading towards the city in that same
city there's an elementary school that
is being held hostage by shooters
this is if you are important Arthur if
you're poor Arthur or anywhere near
there
evacuate guys it's like now people are
getting shot at for no reason we need oh
my god
they have helicopters the National Guard
is there the National Guard is there
they're shoppers there they're trying to
yeah I just want to go there
Jake Wohlers made it to safety super
exhausted super emotional don't really
know what to make of this like whole
entire thing but it's absolutely insane
there's so many families out there still
the hurricane is still going all across
Texas and into Louisiana we might head
there today
there was apparently a shooting that was
going down the National Guard was
getting shot at helicopters were getting
shot at a whole entire dam just broke
and the water just started pummeling the
whole entire city there's still so much
to be done here and there's not enough
people and there's not enough supplies
and there's not enough time
if you guys can get involved in any way
any fund we have a GoFundMe we have
merchandise that you guys can buy but in
any way shape or form that you guys can
get involved please do we seriously need
all the help that we can get and guys
we're trying to do as much as we can and
rescue as many people as we can and get
supplies and and raise money it's still
not enough we still need as much as we
can get my prayers go out to any
families that are in trouble or have
lost a loved one this is just a reminder
to be thankful for everything you have
in your life and not to take anything
for granted
please get involved any way you can keep
on smiling keep on working hard keep on
making the world a better place every
single day help out with the hurricane
Harvey and please stay up-to-date with
everything that we have going on here
because I don't know when we're gonna
need your help next but we're probably
gonna need the Jake Pollard's to come
together as a community so stay tuned
we're gonna keep on hustling we might
have to drive three hours to Port Arthur
where the hurricane is hitting right now
so I'll see you guys tomorrow because
it's everyday Brown
Jake Pollard's with pop and check out
this new March that marches hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 Chuck see you guys tomorrow
poof
