guys the meetup got out of control we're
trying to get people supplies but no one
is like really cooperating and somewhat
working we're trying to get people over
here good morning Jake Pollard's a lot
happened today I'm exhausted I'm
delirious I'm filled with passion and
emotion we are currently in Texas and
what is going on here is absolutely
mind-blowing literally right now I'm in
a Jake Pollard's house this is where I'm
sleeping tonight because that is how
random this is I haven't slept in like
over 24 hours it basically started last
night we were trying to gather as much
Intel as we possibly could
roll the clip thank you for the
flashback Jake guys we just got on the
highway the start of the 22 hour drive
we don't even know what city we're going
to in Texas yet you're officially on the
journey with us madness is going to
ensue so we're only a couple minutes
into the trip guys some of the Jake
Pollard's are already reaching out to me
I have friends in Houston people are
hitting me up we're getting the scoop
we're getting the deal I think we have a
game plan on what we want to do but this
is from my friend Christina who is
currently in Houston and is like
volunteering with the fire department
she is also an influencer herself she
sent me this voice memo
basically the whole city's underwater
anything that you've seen on the news is
actually worse in real life I don't
think I've ever been able to say that in
real life they just evacuated the
neighborhood next to mine today my hand
lost her house yesterday that was pretty
devastating we had to go pick up my
grandparents the day before yesterday
because they lost water of power most of
my friends moved into some kind of a
high-rise were staying with other people
because today they actually cleared out
two of the dam so if you can imagine
like the dam at home guys these people
need us so badly and they are like
sitting there helpless like the
shelter's are filling up it's a lot
worse than like what it is on the news
we need to flip and get there guys let's
go
the Sun is coming up people that is how
long we've been driving up blood shark
blood shark go see on these roads kids
every car is blood chug it doesn't okay
I got it
and so now you guys are back with me and
I want to say what's poppin I want to
say what's goosey I want to say good
morning Jake Pollard's I want to make
sure you dab it on the mater's I want to
make sure you're smiling and I want to
make sure you guys are working hard
because we are out here flipping
grinding flipping getting it Furillo
what's up
we're like legit in a Jake Paul
ourselves right now yeah right now right
that's us pretty ran this we're ready
bitch dude honestly in the middle of
Texas yeah bro it's in we're in the
middle Texas in a Jay Paul's house
that's lit oh no mess I'm in school
hey Jay Paul's at my house last night
almost report but anyways guys then we
had to get you holes because the whole
point of this entire trip was to bring
supplies and basically anything that
family is needed and to help in any sort
of way and so I got on the phone and
started getting u-hauls
to basically get a lot of supplies into
them and really help families just to
clarify so it's two u-haul trucks 20
footers
with two dollies and we'll be able to
pick them up at 6 o'clock ish all right
thank you
this is where the Jake Paulus came
involvement this is where it got extra
savage I tweeted an Instagram that I got
to u-hauls
and I was gonna meet everyone at Walmart
later and just roll the
alright guys so we just tweeted an
Instagram story that we were gonna meet
all of the Jake callers and anyone in
the social media community in San
Antonio into a parking lot
later tonight which you guys will see in
this vlog so hopefully they show us
strong we're gonna try and fill the two
u-hauls that we got I think we can do it
we have a couple of missions to complete
we still have to fill up the u-haul we
still have to get a CD or a boat of some
sort and then we still have to make it
all the way to Houston hopefully all the
way today and then from there we will be
able to deliver the supplies and rescue
these people from their homes
ok guys we made it and so then guys we
made it into Texas so we made it to El
Paso Texas kate is a vegan and so Texas
is not the place for him you want a
little butter on I was like I know it's
not vegan but we'll have a lot of butter
turns out this is butter soup Oh Texas
is the home of the steak you let me tell
you they got the NASCAR all the way up
there we are immersing ourselves into
the Texas culture Conchata is a corn on
the cob is up and some beef brisket I'm
like water bottle flipping over here
guys the Harvey helpers are out here the
Fantastic Four
honey you here
so you don't need support about it if I
did I don't everything's bigger in Texas
I really wish we all pass it on cuz
you're not punished ad I'm gonna I'll
pass out from all the butter on these
particular like I don't even know what
I'm feeling right now why so much butter
on my hand bro mr. corn have you ever
seen that guy that eats the eats the
corn really fastened his teeth come on
guys come on we need to go to Houston
come on guys the next part of this whole
entire mission which is like so tragic
and like the main reason we came here is
we had to figure out how we were gonna
be able to like help rescue families and
get them to safety there are dozens and
dozens and hundreds of hundreds of
people I'm still getting texts right
this minute that there are four or five
hundred people stranded in their homes
in different neighborhoods and so we had
to figure out how to get a boat or like
a watercraft of some sort okay guys so
we are trying to figure out like how to
get a watercraft we are trying to find
boats there's like no boats available
and so we might have to like go to and
get Cedars to be able to rescue people
they said that they need more people as
many people as they can get out there
like rescue people especially when it
hits Louisiana we might have to go down
to there and and help there as well so
we're gonna try to figure out what to do
and what Bo or C do or something some
some water craft to get so that we get
help rescue people
but then guys we kept on seeing military
personnel on the road it shows like how
serious this situation is while we have
been on the road guys there's all these
like Hummers
military convoy vehicles that are
driving down the highway
clearly all going to Houston they're all
like these people are dressed in their
like full marina outfits look it so I
don't know if they're like Army Reserve
or what they are but they are going to
Houston as well and there's like
thousands of these Hummers and stuff and
giant army vehicles it's absolutely
insane water
have these like giant trucks
they're all down this Highway look at
that every single one of these and then
uh yeah we ran out of gas oh my god we
may have run out of gas it's the full
NASCAR pit stop here sorry dude aha
that's called going naked next clip and
then we made it to the jet ski you got
place mmm
roll the clip jet skis good watercraft
whoa guys I am so excited right now
we found a cedar dealership who is
helping people get Cedars so that they
can go rescue people in Houston and now
we have mobiles to be able to go and
rescue people this is absolutely insane
attached to the back of the truck or a
full blown mission right now I don't
know what to expect I don't know what to
see or what's gonna be happening but my
prayers go out to all the families out
there and and anyone who's being
affected by this and hopefully we can be
able to help mend it in any way possible
it starts with one person and you guys
can help out too so thank you guys so
much for supporting us through this and
then finally guys we picked up the
u-haul and it was time to go mobile and
activate the Jake callers and collect as
much food water blankets diapers
amenities as we possibly can to be able
to ship down to Houston we're killing it
guys
I'm exhausted haven't slept yeah I've
like taken little naps in the cars which
is not an excuse because there are
people literally like ten thousands of
people in stadiums or just pile them on
top of each other we don't have food in
water so they're going through a lot
worse and this is what it's all about is
awesome making sacrifices so that those
people can benefit but the good news is
is that we just picked up these two
u-haul trucks now we have a full squad
we're about to meet up with the Jake
haulers who are hopefully gonna be able
to help us fill these u-haul trucks
which we can drive to Houston haulers
are gonna show how yo we need another
one I know that Jake haulers are strong
so hopefully we can fill this up and get
some supplies to Houston ASAP yo
the convoy is out here to check it out
guys
boomers on our way to Walmart to meet up
with the jig haulers who have supplies
someone said that there's a lot of
people there I don't know my dad's
calling me there's a lot going on guys I
have it's nuts I'm starting to get
delirious yeah stay back y'all stay back
stay back stay back stay back
my lord this is scary I just wanna this
is insane
guys the meat I've got out of control
we're trying to get people supplies but
no one is like really cooperating and
somewhat working we're trying to get
people over here it's like out of
control we're filling up the u-hauls
which is good we're getting the supplies
but everybody away it's just like it's
really chaotic I'm scared
alright guys so that got really chaotic
but it was super successful and not just
one but two trucks and now guys we are
unloading it onto these pallets and into
this giant warehouse
tomorrow individuals and people with
like lighter cars and more pickup trucks
are all gonna drive down and give the
water and blankets and everything that
the Jake Pollard's got to the families
in Houston themselves so this is where
they keep all the food overnight but
this is like so amazing as the power of
the Jake ballers is unbelievable and
this is just two trucks we have to go
back and get more still at Walmart
because so many of you showed up and I
know it was a little bit chaotic but
we're doing such a good thing and we're
all coming together as a community and I
cannot thank you guys enough for helping
me with this these families like
seriously seriously need us and so guys
it has been an insane day life-changing
experience these people like seriously
need our help and it's so different to
be on the ground floor of something and
watching it all go happening and let's
literally talk to people whose lives and
and families and houses and dogs and
stuff have literally been taken away
from them like that is why we are out
here and if you're watching at home and
you can't get involved in you're not in
the area what you can do again is we
made these pieces of merchandise for you
guys to be able to buy and a hundred
percent of the proceeds are going
towards hurricane Harvey victims and to
repair buildings and help in any way
possible we also set up a GoFundMe pages
the link is in the description guys
we've already raised over $50,000 with
all of these forces combined this is
absolutely incredible you guys are the
strongest army out there and together we
can really make a positive impact and
change I cannot thank you enough for the
support during all of this like I'm
literally but you guys are the jig
haulers and I'm literally staying in and
Jake Poehler stops right now life is
full circle so thank you guys so much
and thank you so much for being a part
of this journey tomorrow is the day is
is like the true day where we actually
are going into Houston I don't know what
we're gonna see I don't know what's
gonna happen I'm scared but we're gonna
do our best so Jake Paulus always smile
always dab on them haters always work
hard always help others when they are in
need and I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's every day
Jake Pollard's wet stop and check out
this new March Oh that marches hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow Poosh
