and this is actually going to be such a
life-changing experience I don't know
what's gonna happen we still don't know
what to expect
morning Jake polish gucci fan what is
going on party people yo pay close
attention this might be one of the
craziest most savages most negligible
Arab I could agree I've been through a
lot and I would agree with that
statement that it's most savage of my
lab you have no idea what is about to go
on for the vlogs for literally like the
next week okay kids I will explain it
will explain what's happening in a
second but before that I want to say
where's goosey I want to say what's
poppin I want to make sure you guys are
smiling I want to make sure y'all
weren't always been working hard I want
to make sure you're Devon on them haters
always dab on the haters whoa how do I
go where do I start with this you're
gonna like I need your guys's help I
need your power I need your commitment
we have the chance to save thousands of
lives and to like show the world the
power of social media when if you had
the chance to save thousands of lives
honestly thousands so guys over the past
couple of days I'm sure all of you guys
have seen it hurricane Harvey has been
destroying Houston and its neighboring
suburbs and cities it's only gotten
worse and worse and worse and it's only
gonna continue to get worse and worse
and worse people are dying
people need water people need food
people need supplies people are stranded
in their homes and there is not enough
help they don't have enough money people
are having to evacuate dying you're
dying evacuate homes they grew up in
their whole life all their stuff they're
losing all their money guys and this is
not okay
this is where the Jake callers come in
this is where I come in this is where
uncle cave comes in this is where we
come together and make change y'all this
is where it comes to real life it gets
turned from YouTube views to real life
real movements real movements only kids
so basically we have made at the
decision that we are going to go to
Texas to hurricane Harvey and follow it
around and try to save people's lives
whether it's giving them supplies
whether it's pulling them out of the
water whether it's giving them a place
to stay whatever we can do to help we're
gonna go there and be present all of
these people
our flippin tweeting about it they're
talking about it they're saying they're
making donations and that wasn't enough
for me I was like yo I'm gonna get in
there I'm gonna get hands-on yeah cuz we
could sit here and talk about it on
camera all day but nothing's gonna
change unless you change son and some of
you might not be familiar with the
situation so basically here's what's
going on
please
this area in Houston Texas that was
subject to this flooding is going to
take a very long time for us to be able
to overcome there are reports of
tornadoes touching down all over the
Houston area which could make the Attic
a dangerous place to be and making
matters even worse this storm Harvey
likely to stick around for days upon
days dumping more and more rain
exacerbating the flooding that's already
happening and hampering officials from
getting out to make those rescues take a
look at the images just coming in this
is an entire highway that is under water
it's absolutely devastating they saying
it's the worst since Katrina seriously
the thing about it is that they still
need help everyone else is like oh we'll
let them do it we'll let them do it I
want to get mobile I want to activate
the Jake parlors and have you guys push
this goal of rebuilding Houston so we're
gonna be there hands-on we're gonna be
raising money and we're also gonna do
we're just basically gonna be doing
whatever we want we're helping in every
single way possible we're gonna do it
all through social media and through the
power of the Jake polish there's a lot
of people there who are giving supplies
who are helping out who are volunteering
who are pulling people out of the water
but I think there needs to be someone
ground-level who is communicating with
the people and getting it out on social
media so that everyone else can get
active so that is gonna be our job while
we're there we have a 20 hour drive
ahead of us the city needs us we cannot
get there fast enough look at what one
of the police officers said those of you
who have boats and high water vehicles
that can be used in neighborhoods to
help move people out of harm's way we
need your help
that was from them what you just heard
that was them saying that asking they
seriously need us guys it's what we talk
about on a day-to-day basis this is
about changing the world every day
getting better every day
making a little bit of a difference
every single day if we can go there and
save one life donate one case of water
whatever it is tell someone's story so
that their family can maybe find them
then that is what it's about and guys
this is extra special to me because
there could be Jake Pollard's that are
devastated by this the first meetup I
ever did was in Houston I don't know if
any of you are affected by it on any of
those beautiful 1,000 people that I met
in Houston on my first meetup ever are
affected by it but if you are I'm coming
to save you or try to save you or do my
best to help in any way possible and so
I know there's probably Jake Pollard's
on the ground there and I know there's
probably Jake Pollard's families who are
affected by this and so to me I'm taking
this personally and hurricane Harvey all
I have to say is thank you I'm gonna you
up here's the best part we don't know
what we're getting into we don't know if
there's battery we don't know if there's
Wi-Fi we don't know if there's cell
service but we do know that we are going
to bring camera
and record the entire thing the entire I
don't know when it's gonna get posted
that's it I don't know what's weird no
all of that all of what he just yeah
Anna and I fell onstage at the Teen
Choice Awards you gonna hate me all you
want
I'm still here at all and Mikey just
said we don't know if there's Wi-Fi we
don't know if we're gonna be able to
post but guys that's not what it's all
about it's everyday bro is like you have
vlogging posting as much as possible we
might get into some emergency situations
where we aren't able to film where we
aren't able to post a vlog and so I want
to warn you guys that like if I don't
throw a post up just know that I'm in
knee deep and I hope you guys can
support me and get behind me and know
that a video is gonna come out this is
means so much to me it's not about like
vlogging it or anything and so if I miss
a day please don't be mad at me and
please know that I'm just trying to do
good and if you're watching this and
you're in Houston or you're in one of
the neighboring cities or Dallas or
Texas or anything please tweet me and
I'm gonna be communicating with you guys
on Twitter on Instagram stories DMS but
Twitter's gonna be the most effective
way at Jake Paul you're gonna be
following me on my Instagram stories for
more live updates and guys to get the
ball rolling right flip it now we can
save people starting right now you you
at home right there we have two things
going on first up what you guys can do
if you're nine Texas if you are and then
one of those cities there aren't even in
the United States you'd be anywhere we
basically created a March design Pope
that a hundred percent of the proceeds
are going to hurricane Harvey the
family's support supplies and just
getting money to these people because
there's literally millions of dollars in
damages so you guys can come together
right now get that t-shirt and all the
proceeds are going to hurricane Harvey
this would like mean so much to me guys
if you took part in that the second
thing is if you don't have enough money
to buy a t-shirt which is totally fine I
totally get it
we created a GoFundMe page you could
donate $1 you could donate $2 you could
donate $5 as much as you flip and want
we are gonna get the money to these
families we're gonna get them supplies
we're gonna save their lives and we're
gonna flip and vlog it all at the same
time you guys are gonna see us giving
back to them I'm amped with what you
donated the stuff that you donated
that's what we're gonna be giving back
to them us that's your guys's money I
really want to get there like right now
we have to drive so far
one vehicle that can do it is Jake's
Tacoma we are fully equipped to go
underwater
snorkels high beam LED lights red things
on top that for our for traction
generators gas waterproof everything and
let me explain to you how we got this
guy's it all started off this morning I
woke up and I just had to throw this
little piece in there it's kind of not
part of the story but I think you'll
enjoy it
Apollo met babies for the first time I
was like roll the clip
oh hey future Jake what is going on I'm
here with up I load up up Apollo the k-9
this is gonna be his first time feeding
the babies I think this is about to be a
cuteness overload I wanted it Apollo to
get used to like being around babies so
I brought in to color okay that's when
we're done okay let's go cool back to
you Jake
shoot this overload guys and then we had
to go to the camera store to get the
proper camera equipment so now we are
here at the camera store guys getting it
more GoPro stuff because we want to be
able to document this experience for you
and these cameras these little things
right here that you're watching me on
right now they're not waterproof and
we're going into a flip in hurricane
like when I said that people are like
looking at me crazy what did you just
say and so we basically need a like
double the supplies of GoPro stuff so
that we are able to actually like vlog
this experience and use the power of
social media to help rescue people and
to bring supplies to people as well as
to give updates on these people or to
let other people know that their
families are okay okay did you tell
where we're going these are memory cards
for my GoPro that I'm buying because in
hurricanes it's gonna be like really
you know what GoPros we're going to
Texas good idea everybody it's like just
getting started it's gonna hit like
Louisiana and stuff she just brought up
a good point that the hurricane is like
moving all over across Texas and it's
continuing to come and come and come and
then guys we started making calls to
figure out how we can help where to stay
what we're gonna do we're literally just
going out on a whim right here which is
what life is all about take risks get
involved and go now now now now now
don't let life come to you go to life
and attack it so basically we started
making calls so we're heading down there
to Houston to like help with the whole
entire thing we're heading down like
tonight but we want to uh we just want
to help like people get out of their
homes into like safe spots and also
bring them supplies so I don't know if
you know anyone who like can help us
like do that or is it actively doing
that so we can join the movement and
like get the Jake callers behind it but
yeah do you wanna you want to just put
me in touch with like whoever you know
and I can handle it from there
no we're driving it they're all over
there at my truck yeah or like someone
with the boat so that we can like
actually like save people and take
supplies to them as well okay and we
currently still are gathering
information on like how we can do this
how we're gonna get involved we're
actually communicating with some Jake
Pollard's on Twitter right now
so it is going good but we just need to
get there and then we made our last stop
at the outdoor store to get even more
supplies okay so now we are at the truck
store because if we're taking my truck
down into the hurricane we're gonna need
a lot of gas in case anything goes wrong
if we end up getting a boat I don't know
what's gonna go down but we might get a
boat we're gonna need a lot of gas so
okay there's some big boys man hey ever
don't let me like this in your years you
know I've been through a lot of natural
disasters a lot of hurricanes lightning
storms tragedies but this
the biggest one this is a whole new
monster hurricane Harvey we're coming to
repair you and to stop you
let's go last stop guys we stopped at an
outdoor store because we're getting some
waterproof stuff some lighting I don't
know what's gonna happen guys I don't
know but we have to prepare for the
worst and hope for the best
while we are saving other people and
bringing food and supplies we don't want
to put ourselves in danger and so safety
first buckle up kids welcome to the
journey and then guys it was time to say
my goodbyes this is seriously like a
dangerous mission
a dangerous situation to put ourselves
in its a flippin hurricane it is still
active and we might be even following it
into Louisiana so stay tuned but I have
to say my goodbyes it's time to say
goodbye to everyone
bro wish I was coming with you dude bro
you have to be on set right yeah that's
why I'm here be safe
change lives save us I like that I'm
gonna use that Ohio strength out 30 wow
I love you bro hi mom hi everybody I'm
about to go uh stop the hurricane yeah
are you worried about anyone
this is making you more worried that's
right kids if I don't see you again bye
yeah I gotta go vlog home sorry alright
bye mom dad I'm uh about to leave to go
to Texas
hurricane Harvey and save lives change
lives make people feel better I don't
know what I'm gonna do and I don't know
what to expect but I'm leaving I wanted
to say bye what it's the Fantastic Four
Thomas Chad uncle Kade and Jake Paul
coming at you laughs fantastic for
Harvey helpers
you know what dad I don't need you right
now I'm gonna go change the world by
okay buddy I know you're not old enough
to understand this yet but your dad's
gonna go save the world okay I'm gonna
try my best art buddy don't have too
much fun without me take Polish say bye
to Apollo we're gonna miss him whew okay
Hey
Jerrica yeah hey I like your Z I like
your merch it's time to say goodbye no
no they need me bro I know they need me
there's so many people there's so many
people still tweeting that they're
literally like sitting in their houses
and no one can help that they need the
Jake polish they need food they need
water they need vlogs you're right
you're absolutely right bye Jake Wohlers
yeah thank you
team tent house you've been good to me I
know I can't log inside of you but I
will miss you dog goodbye team ten house
and so now we are back here guys current
times we are about to leave on a serious
note guys I really need your support
throughout this whole entire thing I'm
gonna be putting information into the
vlogs on how you guys can help how you
guys can get involved and we're gonna
create a movement here as a community
and we're gonna flip and rise and we're
gonna every day bro it in their face
every single day even if it is in every
single day it's still every single day
you don't know why that's how the math
works kids and this is actually gonna be
such a life-changing experience I don't
know what's gonna happen we still don't
know what to expect we're still talking
to people we're communicating with base
camps currently and guys don't forget
please get involved with the GoFundMe or
buy yourself a piece of merch so that we
can help these families that need us and
you never know when the day is gonna
come where you're gonna need that help
goes around comes around you know we're
gonna kill it and
what else is there I'm really nervous
this is this is really stupid actually
my mom told me not to
yeah I'm still doing it yeah sorry mom
chad is here Thomas is here guys this is
the Fantastic Four I know we're talking
a lot but this means so much to me and
I'm I thank you guys so much yo are you
ready let's save some people oh wow
I'm overwhelmed right now join the Jake
baller family if you haven't already
smashed that subscribe button join the
merch booth made copy self so hot do
more the link is in the bio
and I will see you tomorrow hopefully
hoping you guys stay tuned on our
Instagram stories our Twitter I
hopefully I'll see you tomorrow
I don't know what's about to go down
it's every day bro peace uh-huh okay bye
Jake Pollard's with pop and check out
this new March Oh that marches hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow poof
