you want to run over that car with your
car with both cars in the middle earth
you couldn't have described it better
bear day four of not being able to vlog
in my own house sleeping on the streets
vlogging on the streets it's an
emotional time for me it's hard when
life gives you setbacks you must conquer
you must continue to vlog good morning
Jake Pollard's and let's do today oh my
god good morning Jake
stay for I'm not being able to vlog at
my house um sorry guys stay what's up to
the Jake Paul this guy's Gucci we are so
out here right now say I follow if
you're new here Oh Jake Paul this is the
team tent house we're not a lot of log
there so I'm basically homeless and it
is lit every single day brought my flops
I wanted to do what it do
free Bobby no squat squat squat we got a
busy day ahead of us you already know is
good
Apollo's of lager if you're new here I
want to make sure you guys are smiling I
want to make sure you working hard I
want to make sure your dad and the Jake
Paul is hit 10 million say what oh I
broke down all right Jay Paul's I'm
gonna go inside but uh you have to stay
here cuz I can't vlog inside so okay
guys so we are here now at one of the
many houses wherein the rich case no
you're too early to plug out of here
what and so we have a lot to talk about
guys we hit 10 million and are the
fastest YouTube channel ever to hit 10
million I'm gonna talk more about that
later but like that is just mind-blowing
also guys on a more serious no we're
trying to make waves out here right so
there's this kid named Dylan who's
battling cancer and he's a Jake Paul and
he made me a video that I saw and all he
wanted me to do was make a video saying
happy birthday to so Dylan
happy birthday Brody what do cause I'm
Dylan now let's see he fighting leukemia
for the second time last remembered
Amazon up in order and basically on this
guy this year millennial is away from
the rest of my family in North Carolina
I am a huge fan of the youtuber Jay Paul
and I think
it would be cool it's for my birthday
you send me a video shot me can y'all
help me get into tissue and share this
video time on my birthday my night they
solve your team done let's make this
Dylan my dude you are the definition of
what it means to be a Jake Pollak you
are fighting stuff on a day to day basis
you're going through a lot but you're
still getting better up into the right
every single day bro
my boy knows the game nothing will stop
the Jake Pollard's baby we're savages
you gotta join the movement right buddy
so happy birthday Dylan everyone every
Jake polar wish my man a happy birthday
for this next part I'm putting my
flippin yellers on because we got some
flippin crazy news Jake callers we got
nominated for two Streamy Awards we're
flipping nominated for two stream that's
good yeah so hopefully we win that'd be
cool we're out your winning awards but
it's all good I mean nominate it
nominate oh I won two Teen Choice Award
I want my surfboard surfboard we are
late we are current the day's just
getting started I'm clapping I need to
talk to Jake ballers about something but
I don't know what it is oh my god
know what oh yeah that's it fresh man
yo Marge my dog like what else would I
be talking about I wanted to just thank
everyone for getting the rainbow merch
that is such an exclusive item so you
should be is if he'll come you should
feel very exclusive and guys we're gonna
be doing some more exclusive items but
if you have to Remo March I want to say
thank you
now you're part of the strongest family
on YouTube and the hottest march on
YouTube and in the game in flippin
general uppercut kick them come in
McGregor
without any further ado we should do
that Hey what no we got to go we got yo
whoa we're at the story now fueling up
because we got a big day ahead of us and
you've got to get them calories in you
saw how we met some Jake parlors and we
found this dog and I was wondering if
you could scan it see how much it is we
found it in aisle four where if you're
gonna be with a dog inside the store
these are gonna be filmed I'm not
filming I'm not filming around us yo go
go don't they don't wanna see us log in
it was like a movie scene the guys just
look I got a pair I think we'd make a
great pair yeah a great pair excuse me
ma'am
I think we'd make a great pair look at
the dog - it's like rapid pictures if
you ever want to rethink the pair thing
i'ma vacate the premises I'm gonna put
this pair back first okay
is that cool or do you want to put the
pair back all right Amaro at noon
what okay say bye to the Jake polish I
know you want to say bye to the Jake
wallet thank you for being so nice
blood shark go
Oh blood shark is not a Tesla T this is
the truck
oh okay so we are here and uncle bear is
here ah Hollywood Sports Park uh powers
out here guys it is time to get things
poppin you know what I'm saying you
really got to go right there no it's not
worth it bro if you fall you break every
bone in your body it's not worth it not
for the vlog don't let good no I am
going I'm just gonna go a couple
feedback please enter your own caution
don't look where you shouldn't because
you'll have nightmares for the rest of
your life glasses off everyone on high
alert in here there might be mosquitoes
there might be bugs this is the great
venom at all times oh my god there's a
giant spider I got man ducky
yo chill chill come out yo what is that
why is he got a gun get him bear get all
my dick yo bear I want to ask you this
question on camera because I feel like
it has a more possibility of you saying
yes yeah there's a little car over there
can I run it over with my truck you want
to run a car over with your car yeah is
my boy think that this is a monster
truck during kind of I'm high over that
car with your car with both cars in the
middle of the road you couldn't have
described the better bear I want to run
this over feel like you're gonna break
all the glass yeah yeah yeah J ballers I
call this the Ohio special I don't I'm
just playing it up don't worry about
okay so we're gonna winch the car a
little bit so that it hits backwards it
doesn't not go over this building the
full high OH special kids pay attention
let's run it over please don't knock
over the water town are you guys silly
I'm still gonna send it that's how he
parking hi boys and girls this is an
Ohio special this is so epic look at her
bears out of control where are you I'm
calling Tessa kids we kill the Hollywood
Sports Park you already know the game yo
should we do something else
what oh no no you gotta watch yourself
because you might get a little hi-c
alright so apparently we're gonna have a
baja blast battle I'll get by ha ha do
it and then fight each other everyone
gets a baja blast here's the rules I'm
gonna lay down one time in one time
you're going Taco Bell you order a baja
blast you don't tell them why you're
getting it you go in the parking lot
your spin in a circle you count to three
the first person you see you blast them
with the ball I like this y'all here in
Taco Bell you gotta read the Martian
mile what I do is going down guys
tradition two days in a row
I've already been back here and talk
about no I was here yesterday
i'ma say yesterday - I want to blog back
here we're gonna call corporate hold on
one thing we're having
problem right now oh you want to order
what do you want can I get number 10
million subscribers 10 million
subscribers let me cook that up a bit
it's under the special item section
oh-oh-oh
step no I want to clear that I don't
want that oh my i literally shot a music
video back here yesterday I understand
that I work at Taco Bell running the
price of cheesy roll-ups for everyone yo
when we go to do this battle everyone
has to turn on chance we're all throwing
them at chance I'm gonna tell chance
that we're all throwing a man at bear
he's just gonna get plastered let's go
we put the others on for him real quick
the whole time I was still eating my
case of Rio I don't think we should do
the Baja blast no we had a big plan to
throw a blast a chance
he's been acting up today we should go
ask him if we do the Baja blast well we
should do you want to go ask I feel like
if he does one more thing it's two
strikes and he's out yeah yeah you're
right we can't do it it's too much of a
mess the problem here is if we do it
high target high target means Fox 11
News
a p.m. everyone talking about Jay
candies in the news that it no no I
don't want to be on the news we're not
planning on the news animals are not
toys it's not beanie babies yeah it's
not a beanie baby at all actually
good point bear what are you doing there
thought we would do something look at
the beautiful cars anything
what's up chance Oh his nose is 6x lip
next clip next clip oh there I am guys
Wow
I want to get serious here I was gonna
say oh it's time of the lips oh okay I
haven't talked about this yet and this
is like a huge huge huge moment I think
for YouTube also just for me personally
I can't really talk right now cuz I feel
like he's gonna shoot me Oh anyways
basically yesterday this happened okay
let's do her two times Wow it feels
better the second time
Jake bothers me oh yeah why I don't even
know where to begin like this is absurd
we have broken multiple records I will
make the list for you is the second of
what records we have broken and I want
to inspire you guys all at the same time
chances inspired basically let me
explain this let me explain this series
of events we became the fastest ever
YouTube channel to hit 10 million
subscribers in 317 days fastest ever
record broken Don then we became the
fastest honest subscribed youtube
channel of all time second record broken
done and people are like Jake why are
you proud of that because I'm still out
you're winning and daven on him hater
no one on YouTube has ever been like the
best and the worst in the same day like
Y and so I wanted to be like I want I
want to be that example of like there's
so much good going on and then there was
like so much like bad like Batman right
maybe I'm the Joker okay to me that is
awesome because it shows like through
the all the bad times that like if
you're going through a struggle or
something super bad or something that
has never happened to anyone else before
at the same exact time you could still
be breaking like insane world records of
greatness I don't even know what I'm
saying but to me it is an accomplishment
and it's absurd and like I knew that
when I hit that setback of people
unsubscribing I was well first of all I
was like you know if they want to
unsubscribe that's their loss like the
Jake Paula families mostly army out
there we're not going anywhere the low
gang Polar's can never be stopped so
it's like if they want on and subscribe
like that's funny to me and I knew that
that's was my mindset the whole entire
way through like this was this major
setback but at the same time I was like
oh we just broke the world record of
most unsubscribed but like we also just
hit 10 million the fastest and then I
was about to hit 10 million again so
which brings me to my third record Jake
polish we are the only and first youtube
channel to ever hit 10 million
subscribers to you to give me two
plaques son where you at I'm emailing
corporate right now I want two of these
two I want two of everything run the
score up seriously though YouTube hung
up get it oh do you play by birth no we
hit 10 million again in the second time
I think in like three hundred and twenty
four days still after the setback is
still the fastest YouTube channel ever
to hit 10 million guys for the naysayers
we are the fastest youtube channel to
ever net a 10 million subscriber growth
so yes I might have posted videos like
years ago on this channel that I had and
that was dead and that had no
subscribers it says my channel was
created in like 2013 or something but
I'm talking about netting 10 million
subscribers we were the fastest ones to
ever flip and do it and to that I want
to say like thank you to everyone who
has been on this insane journey who has
watched it all who has seen the the
craziness of the growth who has seen the
hate you guys are my family if you can't
be a Jake taller during the low times
you can't be a Jake Paul during the high
times and trust me there's
gonna be a lot more high times than
they're all low load load times high
tide low tide and I really feel like we
are just getting started I feel like I'm
just now creatively waking up I feel
like I'm just now learning this whole
entire space and this whole entire game
and I feel like the Jake Paulette like
you guys are just getting ready the
content that's coming you better
subscribe and join that that there are
me because I'm just warming up I'm only
20 years old guys like there's so much
of a future ahead of me I'm gonna vlog
until I came die that's a fact you sure
that's a fact
that's like 80 more years with
technology yeah yeah and I think I
already said this but I can't like
stressing enough I love the Jake polish
so much to any of you guys that are out
there that are youtubers that are
vloggers that are whatever someone is
literally playing it's every day bro
well the jitters are everywhere like I
said but to any of you guys there
bumpiness the neighbors are bumping it
not to draw this out longer oh and one
more I have a couple more things that
you're gonna want to pay attention to
don't forget about the roast Jake Paul
challenge you guys can use the
instrumental for my diss track make your
diss track I'm gonna pick the best one
and I'll fly you out to Los Angeles to
make a song with me so guys upload your
diss tracks I want to see if I make when
we fly me out yeah I'll fly you out even
though you're already here I like this
challenge I feel like oh okay no please
I don't want my best friends to roast me
damn anyways we're getting sidetracked
but guys I want you I wanted to talk to
you about these key things right now
this could help your life I don't know
maybe there's an acronym that you can
use and it's basically what I've used to
amount this success on YouTube and for
other areas in my life you only see you
know what's on YouTube I do a ton of
business stuff but you'll probably see
more as the years to come in as you guys
get older and actually give it about
business because right now you're
probably just like I want to see a fire
which I do too but I also do business so
whatever this acronym is called thriving
th Riv ing a dropped out of high schools
time hardwork risk innovation value I
forget the second eye I might remember
an associate and then the N is now and
the G is gold I'm gonna break down this
acronym for you time if you want to be
successful you're gonna have to dedicate
a lot of time to
your craft hours upon hours I've been
making videos just like randomly since I
was 10 second H hardwork vlogging looks
easy it is not at all we make it look
easy we make it look so much fun it is
not easy from changing your batteries to
uploading editing to memory cards so
remembering to turn your mic on to
cleaning your camera to having five
different cameras moving over here I'm
over here I'm over there I'm over here
I'm over there pros all this stuff like
the city trying to stop you from
whatever it is guys working out while
you're all doing this going through
family stuff going through your own
personal stuff it's hard work you're
gonna have to work hard at whatever you
guys do in life kids are risk it is
risky guys you live like this
it's a saint you have to risk it to get
the biscuit it's not a joke like I had
the option when I was 17 years old to go
and finish my senior year of high school
or to move out to Los Angeles and to
pursue this career that I wanted
full-time take risks and you'll get the
best that senior year you talked about
he missed yeah I was either that left he
finished I finished it yeah Rudy regret
it yeah cool I innovation guys with
anything you do you want to innovate it
whether it's vlogging weather whatever
you're doing bring something new to it
go harder bro use multiple angles have
different characters have whatever it is
that you want to do innovate the flip in
space see what is missing and fill that
gap all the greatest people in this
world are innovators the V value if you
can provide value to someone else sort
of other people you yourself will go up
into the rice all rights backwards this
is Tamiya this is my left but it's your
right so if you can provide value to
other people you're gonna go up into the
right and succeed I forgot the other eye
and I have a messing it up bro I'm just
a kid from Ohio the N stands for now
there is no better time to start doing
what you want to do right now stop
watching this video if you have to and
go now and start what you have to do
please don't stop watching a video
literally go right now and flip and do
it I remember one day I was like oh I'm
gonna vlog and and be the best blogger
there is and then the next day I got a
camera and started vlogging and then 324
days later I broke a record hi I'm Jake
Paul and you're watching Disney Channel
and the G stands for goals here's the
thing guys I probably have a video of
this somewhere roll the clip
I literally set goals for myself in my
shower it says I Jake Palk will get 2
million views per day on my YouTube
video so that was when I first started
vlogging no one was watching I was
getting like 30,000 views of log and I
kept on growing and growing and growing
and now I average 14 million views per
day on this YouTube channel which has
never been done before and so it's all
about setting goals for yourself I'm
just giving you guys like my personal
life I'm not meaning like brag or
anything set goals for yourself and
accomplish them take things to the next
level
mentally know that you're gonna conquer
it set big goals like stuff that is
impossible
at one point my goal changed to i Jake
Paul will get 10 million views per day
on my youtube channel and I was like yo
that's like impossible I was getting
like 5 I was like I can't double that
and then I do and then I added five more
on top of that so set goals for yourself
and win-win-win-win-win
that's not gonna mean guys if I ever
think of the the second I'll tell you
guys I don't know what I'm doing guys
but Jake Pollard's I can't thank you
enough if you haven't already joined the
movement you're gonna want to subscribe
now cuz the roller-coaster is just going
up on the on the hill yeah and I want to
thank everyone on the team everyone who
has helped me I would get to this like I
couldn't do it without team 10 I
couldn't do without the people behind
the scenes Captain Jack you already know
the drill managers agents I love you
guys you know who you are publicist I
got you fam and join the Jake Paula
family copy yourself some hot new merch
rep it hard wrap it fast rap it wet and
Jake Paulus I will see you guys tomorrow
because Jake Pollard's wet stop and
check out this new March
oh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow oops
