my department can this be a first-ever
time to weigh in Logan Paul up camera
our office never been done before
we slept here last night because we
can't vlog at the team townhouse and
vlog his life kids you gotta plug guys
if you're no here I'm Jay Paul's this
new team tests have the new team 10 out
and it has led every single day bro
okay how'd you sleep welcome home and
good morning to you Jake Polar's I hope
you guys are having a great day hope
you're smiling I hope you guys are
working hard like and subscribe what you
want to fight Kong I know
welcome
we took oh you got a yellow zone no
house buddy salmon salmon what can I do
I already said no please leave if you
needed a place to stay I would let you
know all right guys we're going let's go
to our rooms we're in our rooms I'm
tired of you betraying me you know what
I'm sick of it I just need a place to
vlog I think about that first as the I
yeah be funny for your vlog now I'm
actually kind of annoyed like can you
please leave I got stuff to do
yeah we're leaving I'm just I'm just
saying you betrayed me all the time like
all I wanted to do was get a Lamborghini
with my brother no it can't and now I
can't vlog let's go guys no come on no
come on
maybe myself you take this dog and you
leave
Logan kick this out loads kick this out
our own house we got kicked out uncle ke
well do a test though your uncle Cades
oh yeah that's the Hollywood sign
this has my couch that I was just
sitting on what were you doing I was
watching my vlog again oh my gosh we're
moving in I know Kate would come through
my own place so in case anything Falls
two teams announcements give me the new
team laughs oh my god
20 minutes later Oh get a new car acting
extra Fuji now
Oh hashtag blood dog baby how you
feeling kid whatever man it's electric
alright guys so we are grabbing
breakfast Piersol out here I got my
little puppy with me Belgian waffle
Belgian Malinois we got a big day ahead
of us for usual you already know and the
fights later we're doing some stuff oh
yeah and I made a diss track what do you
want to hear it hold on stay tuned
alright people
we just got the Hollywood Boulevard
because we're about to start shooting
the music video oh my gosh shooting the
music video making a song all in one day
hey I'm back we shoot a music video here
not on the bus oh man you gotta try kids
you gotta try alright about to put
Mickey Mouse in my music video I know
this is gonna work
what am i dude say guys it's too hard to
film a music video here I literally
never come to Hollywood Boulevard it's
way too ratchet and there's so many
people and I don't know guys how we do
it back in a half this is called the
back of the pickup truck music video
shot some how we do it buddy and kids
you know you can't do a proper music
video if you aren't at Taco Bell say
what's good I know there's a Jake parlor
back there hey where is yeah kind of odd
with them I will vlog with them my boys
the Jake Potter we're out here Gang Gang
Gang your Jay quality we out here son
hello what would you guys like now we
have to shoot the music video shot back
there alright I'm just shooting the
music video all my drinks back there I
gotta go get my drink
I forgot my drink back there can I go
grab it what no please no
yeah so we had to take a music video
break to watch the fight the biggest
fight arguably in history guys let's do
it
look who is here and look who else is
here how are you people ask us why there
aren't any Jerrica moments and I know
we've been busy yeah cool okay guys it's
time for the main event of the evening
holy man whether we just gotta McGregor
who you going for man well I am also a
Mayweather fan always happened
I love counter mcgregor as well though
so i really don't care who wins this is
my best McGregor impression this is my
best point money Mayweather impression
I'm the best there's only one man rather
where's my money
where's my jet what I do what did you
kids pay attention Nick are you are you
trying to separate us no my fullest of
all this now I don't know about you also
guys that Paulo has a new best friend
okay Henry
it was just on TV the leaves it from
Disney Channel yo bizarre force out
you're winning oh you're no near that I
was okay to vlogger
no one else excited yeah he's gay oh my
gosh Diana McGregor you gonna come back
guys Conor McGregor is here okay guys
that fight was insane but it made me
wanna books guys we are out here Santa
Monica Pier look at this shooting this
dish check yo you don't even want to
know what's about to happen in this dish
checks all about to go over bro I don't
know bro the Jake ballers are out here
say what's up guys the Jake ballers
turned it into a concert you know out
here all right Jake Pollard's thank you
guys so much for watching yes I am
making a diss track it is about to be
out in a couple of hours yes there is a
music video yes it is about to break the
Internet yes I have an elephant that was
a plan a Jake baller gave me that
elephant I love you guys as always give
me kisses give me kiss mmm and if you
aren't already a part of the Jake koala
family you got a DAB all them haters and
smash that subscribe button also join
the movement hop yourself some of the
hottest merch in the game smile every
day work hard every single day the world
is ours the world is ours rap it hard
you know the game and I will see you
guys tomorrow or actually I'll see you
in a couple of hours with the music
video because it's everyday bro peace
Jake Pollard's what's up and check out
this new March that marches hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow Boosh
