morning party people what is going on
right now we are at the team ten house
where it is lit every single day bro if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul and we on
that flip n grind screen crew yeah make
me go away things we go away this is how
we have to vlog from now on the struggle
is real but it is still every single day
bro I got my yellow oh I got my yellow
I'm struggling guys we're here in Los
Angeles
Homa we are here in Los Angeles at the
team 1000 guys this situation sucks
shout out to my girls back there hey
those are my girls they're helping me
vlog today are they vloggers no let's go
see if they're bloggers what's going on
say what's up to the Joe Polar's yeah
you want to dab again love them their
spread of positivity they're spreading
joy which is what we're all about smile
every day work hard every day chase your
dreams every day we're flipping vloggers
dude my boys are out here in the streets
right now they're trying to stop us and
they did so we're just green screen and
everything and running around but
without any further ado we gotta get
stuff popping yo big day ahead of us and
if you aren't already in the Jake Paulo
family I want you to smash that screen I
want you to smash that subscribe button
and we need a new house bro so let's
flip and look at a house
- what Oh guys your house shopping right
now Nick where are we bro what are we
gonna do now I'm feeling good about this
place but it is have to crack your piggy
bank Nick was the one looking for the
houses and we are moving to England
England is a team ten city how you doing
I'll go Nathan
I'm doing great you want to put your
face on the camera yeah guys okay cool
that was great let's go inside
movie theater doughnuts okay look at
this master bedroom it's lit run it up
run it up there's a hot tub on the
balcony that's lit here there's an
elevator like that whole big yard oh I'm
going to activity is there okay guys so
we just got done looking at the Alice's
I got my players on right now how so
don't want to drive blood shark go get
them oh my god
we got it there's no one driving look
he's always ready I think I was talking
about how he's looking at the house that
was lit hopefully we can find a place to
move that would be good so that we can
vlog in our own house but yeah and in
the meantime roll the clip yeah okay so
now we are out here party people what is
going down let me hit you with the
camera flip I don't know what the camera
flips in it Oh Yatim we are at the store
right now because we're homeless
we're vlog less actually we're all
getting air mattresses including Apollo
I think it's gonna be his first time at
a store as well we're getting air
mattresses so that we can move in with
brother Logan and also Apollo's gonna be
friends with Kong we can vlog at Logan's
house even though he got evicted to side
no hopefully he lets me move in because
when he asked me to move in roll the
clip I need a place to stay I was
wondering if I could stay with you what
so hopefully karma plays in my favor and
we get to move in let's get some
supplies
you want to go in the basket buddy I
think he likes it where'd you get that
dog I all three Disney jokes I'm gonna
live longer I got a Tesla do you think
these mattresses are good for Logan's or
what I think air mattresses cuz it's
only gonna be temporary we're buying a
new house that's great is it gonna get
blog all day in there but we're moving
into Logan so we need air mattresses yes
come on says no this may be a second
option that's a good
he won't swim B Plan B grandma who
grandma no I'll say that was my grandma
no oh sorry sorry no no that's not my
grandma what we didn't look like Grandma
yeah your PO sorry are you in the family
Paula come on buddy come on good boy
puppy that's my blog puppy you this is
my dog
I'm yeah good you know who else is cute
me this is yeah my boy likes girls go
get it yeah Apollo what are you doing
dude get away from the food no hi Justin
you can use Apollo to get their numbers
she said I think I'm too old for you his
name is freshman Ron Malo no one what
you want attention all shoppers
attention all shoppers I am currently
looking for a place to live if anyone
want to let me vlog there and it looks
promising about vlogging I also have a
puppy named Apollo say hi yeah well I
can subscribe much like and I'll be
straight
also we found this in Aisle three you
know how much no no no no get them get
them I'm buying it for you oh my god you
look great bring it in are you in the
family
I'm in everybody's family yes I'm
getting it for you yes I don't want you
have to wait in line say hi to the jig
ballers ah I got you okay made my day
you made my day that's what life is
about like just meeting awesome people
who are like spreading joy and happiness
like she's 80 and a half years old and
just is like still murdering the game I
love this my Jesus oh my god what's your
name my name's John markets French boys
oh I just saw you know so amazing I hear
Jake Waller yeah what's your background
oh that's my girl okay guys so we have
all of the supplies ready we have the
blood shark okay we just got it I'm
gonna grab your stuff grab the air
mattresses oh yeah this is a fun place
I'm gonna like it here
huh hey welcome home
yo yo its Logan here we're moving in
she's not even douchey but you can't you
can't fine okay fine you're gonna do
home right here Apollo go home Logan
said it's fine yeah is this cool here no
it's not cool it's not cool I got my
March to Lincoln mile so I actually feel
like Logan is gonna be down Apollo how
do you like it buddy I know you like to
team that house better I know
home we now live here thank you thank
you thank you I feel like I should oh yo
not the bird I'm asleep in here yo yo
Oh Lydia do you have dog food why she
doesn't think we're supposed to be here
so it's fine honey you lemonade shots
oh no she watches the place oh you know
after we're done cleaning this we should
break a plate in slo-mo okay so a Logan
is uh talking upstairs right now we just
saw him walk inside we're gonna get his
reaction I think he's gonna let us move
in I mean why not good news people we
are extending the rain Bromer sale for
24 more hours guys normally I would
never do this it's never gonna be
available again I promise you this but
everyone was requesting it and it is a
Saturday and people were in school so
I'm going to extend it for 24 more hours
go now the link is in the description
these items are super back to the below
you actually came actually but we
already did this exam I respect that you
only were able to fill up one air
mattress yeah plus I'm sleeping in your
bed so but not tonight right or like
ever I'm cuddling with you dogs
real talk where are we gonna put the
team inside yeah we'll take the TV down
there has kong met Apollo yet no that's
a blog for another day Oh like and
subscribe for a vlog j-law army yeah
keep it yeah yeah I can fix that watch
ever come here what I bought you
yeah gotta go home but you can't stay
here
should we vlog something else now okay
so now that we are moved in Logan is
letting us I do fun activities now we're
gonna make a plate in slow motion break
your plate bro but like you're still not
moving
yeah yeah where do one come from
I mean ready oh oh
solid break the traffic to check replay
oh yes oh my gosh Wow Apollo you are a
talented buddy I'm serious little
snuggle but one hour later
good boy Apollo yes play with Kong's
toys hey guys you ready to go to sleep
let's go okay yo I call couch I said
that earlier actually gonna sleep here I
think okay thank you so much for
watching make sure you copy yourself
link is in the bio join the J Paula
family dab on them haters keep on
smiling keep on working hard smash that
subscribe button and I will see you guys
tomorrow morning he doesn't care he
doesn't care what kind of waffles
because it's everyday bro peace
Jake Pollard's with pop and check out
this new March that marches hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it
see you guys tomorrow Poosh
