oh good buddy this is a real one this is
a welcome to the new team ten huh good
morning take Polish day two we're not
allowed to vlog in our house so last
night you come look at this lucky
looking looking like I really located
everyone to the streets so that I could
prank them in the morning guys good
morning sorry
let's bring chance I gotta keep up the
vlog traditions guys what do you mean
they can't stop us from vlogging who are
you hey guys we can't blog at the house
we gotta go we gotta stop them from
going inside we can't login they're
captive all no I want a vlog guys anyway
good morning Jake polish walk into my
life come on you're new here I'm Jake
Paul this is the team ten house we can't
blog there anymore and it is lit every
single day bro follow me on my journey
to life yo Nathan I'm sorry buddy this
is the wall which means what okay whoa
okay guys what is that I am currently
blogging from this bush I'm in a bush
since we are no longer able to vlog at
our house I might live in this bush for
a little while right now I am online
looking for houses homes for sale look
at this you think it's a joke I am out
here in this bush trying to find a place
to live Jake ballers if you can find a
place to live please tell me send us
houses in the comments another thing
look at our subscriber count I just had
to put that in there I don't know why I
was just my next step people try to hate
on us but if you aren't with the Jake
Fowler movement and what are you doing
bro bye Oh take Mose if I can do this
then you can too and you can do anything
kids chase your dreams if you want a jig
parlor during the low moments you can't
be a Jake Pollard during the high
moments what did it do next slip right
now guys I'm jogging hey what's up guys
the two of us came to our house I'm
getting the phone call don't need that
anyways let's all flip and do some stuff
what is up guys we are at the camera
store right now I'm getting a I'm
getting a green screen because guys if
we have this green screen it means that
we can vlog at the team tent house right
guys it'll just be like like a China
let's go all right guys we got a green
screen let's conquer let's do it
sometimes in life people don't want you
to vlog and when it's the Los Angeles
Fire Department
you have to listen but kids you can't
let these types of things set you back
you have to persevere you have to get a
green screen so that you could be at the
team 10 house in and green screen stuff
okay come on guys we're gonna make the
chief 10th house over here
no green screen team assemble this is my
green screen team here right here this
is whenever I want to go to the team
townhouse this is what happens to got my
merch I'm like I'm at the team penthouse
kids this is called facing your problems
finally for the first time in two days
I'm gonna vlog at the team ten house
here we go oh yeah what's up guys if
you're new here I'm Jay Paul this is the
team ten house and it is lit every
single day oh oh everyone else stands
Anthony Tessa Oh Nate Crompton I see you
buddy okay that's it cool it felt good
to vlog to the team ten house guys thank
you green screen team guys uh you know
when people try to slow you down that
there's the slowing us down but we're
doing right now we are at the store and
there's nobody to go down let me tell
you so I lied to you guys I said I was
going to the store but actually I'm at
the new team tent house I decided to
take it one step farther than getting
the green screen Deb I was like yo we
might as well just move into our new
house I'm just kidding man rent the
store I just he places the vlog where am
I gonna vlog if I don't have a house
what am I gonna do
China you a vlogger I think you're in
the family family hamsters my mom vlogs
do you watch her no man I'm out guys we
can't vlog anywhere me they don't want
to see his login its everyday bro with
it I'm done I'm done
that was it that was my last one bye
guys sometimes in life nothing is going
your way you feel like you're at an
all-time low like you just can't do
anything right and kids you just gotta
look past it you gotta find the strength
to keep on moving and to keep on
vlogging is it a bad green screen job
hey guys jake paul you're come into the
antenna house they can't stop oh just
when you thought I couldn't win anymore
I put on the vlog stash I put on the
vlog goatee thingy majiggy put on the
yellers and we got a new team ten house
team Dan is here let me take you for a
quick tours over here we have this and
then out here we have this and that guy
we also have a Paolo Oh God and so we
also got this in a kitchen we also have
this so over here since we can't vlog
this is where we're vlogging welcome
home I'm losing my goatee I lost my
teeth at the goatee
Erica we need to go we got go man T you
should do that and it should appear on
your chin like any good Jake
comedy and so guys consider this the new
team ten house I might even call this
vlog we got a new team tenth house I
don't even know but anyways without
further ado that's my foot you guys
asked for and we're gonna flip and give
it to you you guys love the slow motion
stuff so much that warm up we have a
couple more supplies you already know
I'm gonna take this all that's really
hot I don't like that but I still got my
elders on let's hit some slow-mo stuff
Chad versus mousetraps in slow-mo
also guys this is the rooftop of our new
team 10 ounce lid tongue spices like one
oh that hit me in the face replay
Jake Paul flicking the lightbulb in slow
motion punch it punch it
I like labels Tristan tails and hammer
versus mirror in slow motion but guys
before you see this one this is probably
about to be the coolest one I want to
remind you all about the 48-hour sale
you only have 24 hours left count these
items about Oh what do you even mean bro
why didn't you get it yet 24 hours and
you will never be able to get it again
so go to the link in the description
before you're to flip in late bro put on
the yellow protection what he's always
talking about weird stuff we can shoot
it 5700 frames a second or we can shoot
it eighty-six thousand frames a second
hey we can do 360 yo oh my gosh
the hammer went flying is everyone good
can we get a replay
I'm getting the hammer can I have your
youtube tail okay cool
yo guys what's going on temperature we
bout day he did Jake boss dead I don't
know why sorry for the intermission guys
this is a huge moment right now uncle
Kade what did you just do well I have
been wrong happen I talked about it for
too long for it not to happen and it's
happening right now I've way it's
happening this was such a cool uncle is
a BMW m2 try to keep up with the times
you can't yeah I can't at all yeah yeah
it's a lude have loud cars uncle dude I
can't believe you got this it's got a
great sound system all kids have great
sound systems you know subs and speakers
that's cool too I remember when you
talked about getting this like a while
ago man we were sitting at a table and I
was like huh I'm gonna get it I'm - no I
got it alright guys sorry for the
intermission we're back into it Apollo
versus slow motion
watermelon versus concrete let's do that
dang
a few moments later my brother just
texted me that he is here I told him
that this is our new house and I want
him to react to it
welcome to the new team tenth house yeah
yeah your video the other day saying you
got like you actually can't film legally
what is it that doesn't make any sense
I'm about to move into a house I don't
think it's legal but at the same time
when they hit you with the papers you
got to respect them do keep time no no
no no you do it's there yes it don't way
you got can't grow with it am I come on
up now this isn't the team that
everything's intact and clean yeah yo
Logan check out our new backyard solid
12 by 5 feet oh man this new team
turnout is really exciting Doug what the
fuck what nothing I just I'm admiring
your yellows this is actually Tristan
Thompson I can take us to the actual
team panel screen screen crew green
screen crew come on
ya know but I just had the positive
really fast hello
some guys thank you so much for watching
today if you're not already in the Jay
Paul family smash that subscribe button
copy yourself some hot new merch rap it
hard 48-hour exclusives still remember
these items guys all super super hot get
it before it runs out guys you only have
24 hours left for that's a day anyways
ok stop trying to be cool eww honey do
anything else this is my dog and he will
see you tomorrow because Jake Pollard's
wets pop and check out this new March
that marches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake ball 2
which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
Boosh
