to get in to this video I want to watch
it I want to make my final decision on
what I'm going to do with this fight but
yo good morning Jay koalas
hey welcome to the other stories going
down guys welcome to the most slick
youtube channel on YouTube that is a
verifiable was that a designer ring is
that Chanel oh my god I knew it was
designer when she hit me I knew
instantly going on guys but as you see
there's a lot of punching going on
everyone's just punching each other like
nation you're not safe either sorry bro
no no one's safe you can have the camera
yeah sorry there's punches being thrown
everywhere there's so much drama going
on on internet there's a lot of not
talking going on in the internet I just
hit the - I know the dab is kind of dead
it's like kind of like 2013 of me but
there's a reason why I'm in the dabbing
mo you this you come into the Jay Paul
merch store as you can see you guys I
got a merch store in my house that's how
we do it like I'm saying we're just the
most
but guys that's just what we do like how
your son I got a Debbie mannequin we set
trends guys that's what this channel is
all about getting better every single
day smiling every single day being the
impossible guys like my goal is to do
things that were once impossible and
like and knock it out of the park
because who's doing this somebody's got
to do it I will be that guy Josh guy
yeah you really need to be that guy
sometimes I got to be that guy dude yeah
Thank You Anthony everything's fake WWE
the ksi drama with the Paul's is fake we
planned the whole entire thing what Jim
up but yo guys here's the thing we're
getting distracted there's so much going
on guys that's just how we do it at the
team 10 house welcome to our lives
that is the squad team ten guys it is
another sunny daddy morning in Calabasas
guys you know how we do it what I'm
trying to say is we are out here live in
our best lives you just became a part of
today's journey we are probably the most
dysfunctional team on YouTube and
welcome to it cause put your vlog belts
on and get ready to pay us for today's
rollercoaster ride baby cuz it's going
down I'm yelling timber so guys before
we get into any of today's like drama
and madness I'm sure you're looking at
the title and you're like yo you're
about to respond to ksi oh my god it's
going down and you were 100% right but
yo before that we have a couple of
things to address this is the first one
look you two how dope this is hold on
I'm about to do it I'm about to do it we
got sidetracked once again guys look who
it is I know why all of you guys are
here okay and that is because you want
to know about the drum barely barley GSI
ksi ksi made a response video to the
videos that Lowe and I have been made in
regarding the fight you 100% said man
who's made it normally you would you
look oh yeah we may of
ksi made a video reacting and responding
to the videos that Logan I've been
making about this whole fight situation
and I've been seeing clips of a pointer
on the internet I have yet to watch the
full video because I'm saving that for
for well this video that is soon to come
but it did make me realize that I have
to start a strict diet regime of purely
pizza to be able to get to the
heavyweight division and have manboobs
so that I can fight see sik sik G beat
KFC I have Mongoose it's we're yeah i
100% realize that you had man boobs
the difference is Nicolas you don't flow
your man boobs these KS are brothers are
running around town with the man booze
hanging out of their tight t-shirts I
will I am going to have man boobs soon
cuz I'm gonna
beat them on a strict seafood diet a
seafood and I apologize a fight - guys
this is why everyone okay one two three
four five six seven but not least eight
guys everywhere maybe what guys
everyone's taking this fight wait you're
seriously like I just want to have fun
like I'm just the fun little shy little
butterfly I don't even know how this
fight got started does anyone know how
the fight got started anyone I just want
to have fun and so when I want to have
fun I call up Sonny
but sometimes bubbly somebody station
there's a whole lot of fun so I might be
down to fight actually yeah cool the
point is guys everything's getting blown
out of proportion
okay we're straight away from the fact
that this is like strictly for
entertainment purposes like I don't even
know ksi ksi doesn't know me I'm sure
he's a great guy he has a Lamborghini we
can race Lamborghinis together I'd love
to play with his man boost this whole
thing for me is like about charity I
wanna raise money for charity I don't
even fight people like nothing can make
me mad enough to fight like and like I
really want to utilize all this drama
and clout and views right now to like
spread positivity guys if you ever like
aren't happy with your lives or whatever
just put a smile on your face think
about all the good things that you have
because if you have positivity
nothing else matters guys like so many
people are hating on me yo guess what
I hate Jake Paul and I hate those kids
shucks you just decide if you are hating
guys like feel free to tweet me be like
yo Jake you got fired from Disney but at
the end of the day just remember to
yourself kids that's you didn't get
fired from Disney baby I got to do the
one thing that was like a dream come
true so guys enough with the chitter
chatter it's time to get in to this
video I want to watch it I want to make
my final decision on what I'm going to
do with this fight and one more thing if
you guys don't have context basically KS
I finally made a video responding to
what Logan and I have been saying we'll
see where this leads okay wait you said
my dad looks like Vin Diesel I don't
know how that's name so maybe maybe it's
an England thing maybe they don't like
Vin Diesel in England
is he crap dude stop crying people watch
I'm very cringe girl I I'm all ahead and
clap all day baby look a the one hand
clap but you can't do that I'm gonna be
myself all day I'm crazy like I can tell
when people are mad I'm very good at
reading people he is upset with his life
for the show little low low low low
angry little killjoy he's making fun of
my how did I dodge you call up I
literally offered for you to stay in the
team 10th house to pay you $50,000 to
pay for your flights to Los Angeles I
told you our fight you're your little
brother I do follow you on twitter ksi
but what's crazy about this everything
comes full circle is that I followed you
on Twitter so long ago I think I made my
Twitter in like 2012 or something I
followed you so long ago when you were
relevant and then you became irrelevant
and then and your twitter name is K as I
hola G debt there's many combinations on
what your name could be it could be SiO
it could be logy debt it could be debt
you're probably in debt I know your
Lambo is leased this is you book see
that that isn't Logan actually the title
of that video is Logan Paul boxing in
Sydney Nova Scotia Canada all I could
say is you put a video of some random
kids and it was apparently his name is
Logan Paul boxing in a rink you're
saying that it was the real Logan Paul
this reminds me of CNN no fake news
you're almost as bad as keemstar bro
furthermore Logan's never like gotten
even into a boxing ring before so I
don't know what you're looking up on
YouTube but I think it's funny how
you're googling like Logan and Jay Paul
boxing to see if there's videos of us
boxing so that you could see how good we
are
cuz you know we're probably gonna beat
the however I do think it's funny that
you are going on YouTube and typing in
like Logan Paul boxy Jake Paul boxing
like either a you're a fan like I know
you're Jake Poehler get yourself some
words but B this shows that you're
scared for like you're literally looking
up videos on YouTube of us boxy to see
how good we are
just because I talk about somebody
doesn't mean that they're relevant are
you dumb
now I think this passed by everybody but
if we go back to the clip after the
fight you realize that the the guy with
the mic is like prompting ksi he's like
yo did you want to say something I know
you wanted to like say something to
somebody but that guy was reminding you
that earlier you guys had talked about a
plan about calling somebody out like ksi
you knew that you were gonna call us out
you said before this fight you had
something planned is there anything you
want to say to someone out you said you
wanted to call someone out well Wow oh
wait Matt's got this boat right now if
any youtuber wants it you can come get
it this is what you want it bro you're
trying to become irrelevant again it's
working but only because you're talking
about me and my bro like the Jake
callers go to your channel probably
watch the response video but they're
just gonna come right back because your
content and that's a verifiable fact
another challenge is that another threat
bro you're full of threats you're full
of challenges
I dare you bro the most amount of use
you've ever gotten in a month is less
than a hundred million compared to my
500 million everyone already knows in a
focusing
I love how he practices is that with
like everybody knows in a boxing match
that you'll get killed
I made a legitimate offer for you to
come here and you're not accepting it
dude like no one cares about boxy it
proves who was a better boxer yes I get
that but like you're talking smack like
somebody would in a street fight so why
not get as close as we can to a street
fight and do an MMA match and you would
get dropped faster than Disney dropped
me yo J I would beat you regardless of
what anybody says the truth of the
matter is that people would rather see
us in an MMA fight you know it deep down
your friends know it deep down your
brother knows that deep down your mom
knows it deep down everyone would rather
see an MMA fight that is a real fight
come on ksi you're making this really
hard and the internet wants this
everything is ready Dawg like I know you
don't want to come here but I've already
made calls to venues 15,000 people
venues will sell it out it'll raise
money for charity I got Michael buffer
yeah everyone knows Michael buffer I got
him on board
although he does think it's a joke as
well roll the clip Logan called you CSI
everyone's calling you that I'm sorry
bro like I didn't I didn't mean to start
that trend but for real like it costs a
million dollars for him just to say
let's get ready to rumble and he's gonna
say it don't waste my time on everyone
else's so this is my focus don't waste
your time hold on don't waste your time
don't waste my time you don't do
anything literally you don't do anything
you don't post that you to you don't run
businesses like I've run businesses I
post every single day I have an
education course everyone's calm if you
guys want to learn how to become a
vlogger today you can seriously go chase
your dreams like I said this channel is
all about positivity and helping people
accomplish their dreams but you don't do
anything bro so what are you talking
about me wasting your time you're the
one that that challenged me I'm just
trying to have fun
and God we're not done with this video
but I do want to apologize before we
finish this video for for being so
aggressive my anger management classes
have been really pissing me off
you're the one that said you'd fight any
Paul just dawn that out there like like
I said bro you don't you don't do
anything so you do have time for these
games me this is huge a pool in a boxing
match leave my brother out of this
because I'm the one that called you wait
you want me to leave your your brother
out of this after he called me the P
word like literally a hundred times I
know you want to stoop down and you want
to fight me because I'm younger you're
like four years older than me okay so
what do we do about your little brother
because he's just like over here like
Bob he made a video saying that he's
looking for me your little brother's
calling me out to either tell him to zip
it or like none of this is gonna happen
like I'm so serious about that and this
is the revitalisation to your guys's
career remember that before you do
anything dumb work will be on the line
your belt will be on the line the
bedazzled random belt that you made for
defeating Joe Weller while he was
injured no your belt on the line bro yo
I got a belt too actually
yeah
yeah look duct tape
I'll put my belt online I scared like
you're making such a irrelevant points
here just like you honestly relevance
you won't be on the line great so this
is all he wants here we go no no I'm not
boxing you can side you need this I
don't need this bro why would I box you
it doesn't show who's a better fighter
however I really do want to fight you
let's make it a little bit of a
compromise like because we're gonna have
to come to a compromise if we want this
to happen ksi MMA match in a neutral
location I'll talk to your manager Liam
be like I know that I've run this
industry baby
it's an MMA match or it's nothing before
you close off that option in your mind
case I want you to think about all of
the vlogs all of the content all of the
subscribers all the money that will be
raised for charity that will just dope
if you say no just think of all of the
people that are gonna be disappointed
yes I they want an MMA fight you're
being soft no one's gonna be talking
about this next week so ksi give the
people what they want
oh let's make this happen I'm not gonna
do a boxing match you don't want to do
an MMA match but we're gonna we're gonna
have to come to a compromise like like
everyone wants this bro like this is
gonna be revolutionary and speaking of
revolutionary America won the
Revolutionary War I just had to throw
that out there were just a better
country just in general we also have
cardi B and remember that you're the one
who started this I was sitting at home
eating some pizza you know minding my
own beeswax when people start tweeting
me saying ksi called yeah I don't even
want to fight bro violence isn't the
answer
hey like if you accept this dude you're
gonna have so much time to Train I'm
gonna be vlogging you know working on my
companies you're gonna be fine
I'm done with the back.you forest like
really I am and so my final terms are
again
mmm a match neutral location tell your
brother to shut up and we can we can
make this poppin guys we'll get rid of
the $250,000 like thing we'll get rid of
like the merch thing this is simple and
then they fight neutral location tell
your brother to shut up if it's not
those three things that I'm not
interested in there's probably gonna be
the last time I talk about it because
honestly I don't want to use my platform
for negativity and to promote fighting
although if it is for entertainment and
it's in good spirits and it's for
charity I am down so top yourself the
hottest march in the game guys it's the
best design it's the strongest community
it's the strongest fanbase go to
Phandroid go back to us Jay Paul right
now join the squad cop yourself my
favorite hoodie the status red shirt
before it sells out guys and I will see
you guys tomorrow
because every day bro please join the
everyday bro movement people and count
yourself some of the hottest sports in
the game go right now because the shake
collars sell everything out and
subscribe button join the most lit
YouTube channel on YouTube I'll see you
all tomorrow
oh it's today's birth but your giant for
them
