this is a good time kids oh man that's a
lot okay this is good I'm not gonna move
closer Chet you could trust me good
morning Jake Pollard's what is Gucci we
are are you point blank
oh wow here my boy wants to March he
knows the game I want to say good
morning to you guys you already know
today's about to be an amazing day I got
my yellers on Chad's got his clears on
oh I didn't realize I almost killed the
mother we got a crazy day ahead of us
reloaded pull anyways I want to say
what's up what's good what's poppin with
you guys good morning I hope you're
having a great day we already started
idea earlier this morning hitting that
workout you already know how we do it
ready
go to some guy's fitness is the first
step to greatness you know that it's
everyday bro you got a grind kids you
gotta work hard Plus hit it ready
oh my god oh my god sorry for the break
good look at that Q he's cute back into
it and so now you guys are all caught up
to speed we are stellar
oh I almost got him but now you're all
caught up to speed whoo we got a big day
ahead of us right yeah it's about to be
lit and without any further ado let's do
that so we are in the store now getting
supplies because it's about to go down
you guys are gonna see well we should
have some fun - I don't know what's
going down I got my other are you in the
family no my mom's blowing up good
pastures well you can subscribe I just
keep on seeing people that are I think
in the pamorah oh you're in the family
no you know you don't know who my mom is
she's blowing up okay sorry she's not in
the family oh my god I just found
somebody in the family right now I've
been in the family for like five years
now I love dance techniques is anyone
back here in the family are you in the
family is my girl you vlog
dab on him hit him with a dab one time
just like that I got some olives all of
you that's very clever I appreciate that
thanks I love you I love you too that's
all of you all of you do you love me too
okay now I have some beats you guys are
gonna like this one watch excuse me sir
all of you I love you small boy I didn't
think he was gonna love me honestly I'm
sorry for bothering you guys I'm gonna
beat it right now don't you just love
some good old grocery shopping in the
morning just wait till you see what is
about to go down
oh and we're here guys your brother like
Jake why were you at the grocery store
we got a bunch of supplies because right
here we have Walt legendary shots you
guys have it I don't have anything they
have a $60,000 camera look at this thing
this camera shoots in super super
Cooper I can do that again for you I'm
not gonna we're gonna be shooting most
everything at 5700 frames a second maybe
go up to 86,000 I don't know what we can
shoot it 5700 frames a second or we can
shoot it eighty-six thousand frames and
say hey we can do three hundred and
sixty thousand I don't know what he's
saying so people prepare yourselves kids
first stop drone vs. racy come on Mike
crap
that looks sick we're just getting
warmed up here kids let's do some more
slow-mo second up drona
versus water below what
it's alive it's a waterproof job
next up drones versus eggs let's go
three two one Oh
there's egg everywhere will clean up
sorry
next stop drone versus Bush hang in
there little drone buddy it's great
content chill oh my god Nathan you
weren't supposed to go right into it
buddy
marshmallows in March gun versus Chad
you're gonna win this is a good time
kids oh man that's a lot okay this is
good I'm not gonna move closer Chet you
can trust me three two one
water balloon versus Chad space are we
doing slow-mo on this one yes yeah I'll
take you for this llama looks cool
that's my boy yo DAP me up bro
we I've come to tawdry to
popcorn being popped in slow motion ho
my gosh
Ray's got the hot skillet three two one
that didn't work
pop racket Bush's jello in slo-mo oh
right oh I like this
yo guys are probably wondering what's
going on right now I have a little bit
of an intermission because I have
something so special that I want to talk
to you guys about and it is in this box
I'm about to show it to you quizzing you
check this out guys this is an exclusive
48-hour only piece of merchandise that
you guys have the chance to get it is
based after my car rain bro you guys
know rain broke ooh oh my gosh it's
super fire baby I'm putting this thing
on but you already know that there's
also a backpack available check that out
yo 48 hours only you guys have the
chance to get this so you're gonna hurry
up before this all runs out of stuff
you're never able to flip and get this
stuff again didn't I also flippin forget
to mention that I also have a t-shirt
that's available for 48 hours only guys
I'm so stoked about this merchandise yo
it's absolutely lit what'd you get some
March you get some March you get some
March but only for 48 hours kids go to
the link in the description right now
fan joy copal always plug get it before
it runs out you only have 48 hours back
to you Jake all right guys that was
absolutely insane one of the craziest
things I've done in my life watch next
whoo yo where are we agent Joe yeah see
yo Chris
tag that yo wow you're doing business
look at this conference table the cop
pick it is look at all that table I'm
surfing the table to do some real
business now yeah so I gotta get down
guys that is it for today don't forget
about the 48 hour exclusive merchandise
guys this is literally gonna only be
available for 48 hours so you guys got
to go now chop it and if you're not
already a part of the Jake Potter family
make sure you smash that subscribe
button join the movement and I will see
y'all tomorrow because it's every day
huh Jake Pollard's with pop and check
out this new merch oh that merch is hot
boy new items of merchandise limited
time
click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
