oh oh okay oh he's got my tripod good
morning Jake bothersome you know I got
my water I got myself I'm ready to go
here's the thing Erica is almost ready
to send it look at her out there she is
almost ready to send I need to have
conversation with her good morning we're
about to get this day started hold on I
know you don't like Heights I know you
just like goats punt you're ready to
send it she's ready to send it are you
Billy
I'm still gonna send it is that a go is
that a go oh my god it's a go go get the
go Erica whoa oh oh my god oh my god oh
my god Erica's flying that's how you
guys send in the morning you already
know Jake Pollard's what is flippin
going on if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul we're in Miami and it is lit every
single day bro and out like what are you
not in the Jake Paul or family what are
they doing bro do you know what they're
doing I don't know what to do so if
you're not in the gang already smash
that subscribe button we're about to get
started here guys you know I started my
morning off doing that Fitness throw the
clip
just when you thought a lift wasn't
enough it's time to box up me without
baby let's go undefeated what's up back
from the workout guys you know how I do
it I'm a boxer bro what up call me Floyd
money Mayweather you Fitness is the
first step to greatness kids I want to
challenge you to get fit to get your
mind right and to work hard and smile
and dab on them haters every single day
and guys I don't know if you've been
seeing this but yo come over here look
at this yo you see this guy right now
there's this guy on the internet right
now he's going crazy he's all over the
news and stuff people trying to roast up
the guy sucks I'm gonna get him for the
internet I mean again for Team internet
you stupid hang time anyways I don't
know what's going on guys we're being
goofy we're flipping kicking we're
flipping right shopping we are in Miami
so the energy is high you already know
that we're about to flip and send this
thing today just wait till you see
what's about to go down let's slip into
that so right now we are here at the
Zoological wildlife foundation guys and
we're about to play with baby tigers
baby lions look at this look at this
we're entering the jungle there's like
lions and tigers and stuff in there and
they eat freshmen ha but guys seriously
this is about to be an experience of a
lifetime I'm also going to fight Allegra
Allegra Allegra like the thing from
Napoleon Dynamite what's a like a dude
it's a flip in like Ross like a lion and
a tiger mixed and I'm gonna flip in
fight one we also get to cuddle some
baby Cubs some chimpanzees maybe some
monkeys all right we got these little
monkeys here
we got my boy game as it go guys I am
about to be a volunteer of this place I
got my official shirt right here I'm
about to put it on ready three two okay
I am now an official volunteer guys this
is lit we got monkeys we got more stuff
going on what are we about to see next
we're about to go see some Tamandua
zeldor wise known as the lesser anteater
okay so this is an
hey that's just friend up there guy feed
it this one they might not eat it but if
you want to try to let them look I want
to be a volunteer Drake the volunteer he
is scary for you a Jake Pollock oh he's
not a Jake parlor no more let's get all
these loggers these are the big cats
right here how you doing guys there's a
monkey over here - he's trying to sing
good time hey monkey you sound like a
fire alarm there's a leopard he's on the
prowl oh no oh my god there's goats Eric
are you in now we have five of Michael
Jackson's Flamengo's right here no oh my
gosh buddy hi you want a pop there you
go I enjoy a year oh hi these animals
are absolutely insane just hey dog I see
you what kind of water you got there
Fiji your Instagram oh you want a banana
you wanna bet oh my boys are bruised
look at him go mad you want some merch
or this Apple okay this one looks like
mr. Grinch
hi you look like mr. Grinch oh don't
thank my blog actually you know what you
can vlog take the vlog there you go
log it who knew that monkeys could vlog
Jake the volunteers coming in take it
off take it off there you go I'm out
here doing good look at them jump all
right monkey three two one this isn't
something you see every day people
there's a baby monkey look at it go hi
okay I'm here with mr. owl yo buddy how
many licks does it take to get through
the center of a Tootsie Pop the world
wants to know please tell us he's not
budging TMZ exclusive our relationship
is is in the works we're getting better
Justin look it's me and you it's like
the dad and the freshman the little
freshman this is a skunk
why is it not attacking well it's
actually dissented so it doesn't have a
scent
oh hi buddy okay so apparently this one
likes music
we'll see hey hey hey yeah yeah I've
spotted an alligator
hi buddy today we absorb a wild
alligator he's eyeing me down will he
bite just grab his mouth oh my gosh what
is that oh oh oh my gosh she's a blogger
this is the best day of my life oh my
gosh there's monkeys oh my god they're
taking my mic they're vloggers I know
they want the Jake caller you can't have
my subscribers those are my subscribers
I earn those I are no subscribers he
wants pop tags
I know Jake the volunteer banana banana
banana banana buy the new merch I know
no does anyone have some March for them
to put on we need some March for these
monkeys hello few moments later I'm here
with my brother Drake Drake the snake
say what's up buddy hey I don't need you
talking smack back there I'm starting to
think that volunteer Jake isn't doing a
good job anymore I want to be like
Britney Spears
enough thank you
oh my gosh Oh Drake what are you doing
buddy Drake oh god oh my god volunteer
Jake I'm gonna oh oh you gotta hold on
to what are you doing
we're going to the team penthouse buddy
come on oh you want to chill my boy
wants to chill you should have just said
something
alright squad I'm having so much fun I
hope you guys are too we are about to
meet a bunch of baby little cub tiger
lion thingies I don't know what they are
but they're about to be live he will
bite someone's head off oh my god is so
cute Oh little baby like a belly scratch
were you gonna coconut a power attack
this one is mine there are many like it
but this one is mine he is not mine
chicken boy it was ready
look at that look at that he's inviting
me I've been bitten by a tiger oh no oh
I'm out Bob here Jake okay Jake ballers
now it's time for my ultimate volunteer
test I'm going to fight a liger yeah I
think you're gonna want to roll on this
one buddy I'm gonna be right here to
help you okay all right hi hi want to
start off this conversation by saying
that you're really good-looking okay
he's just as big as Apollo I got this oh
just my reflexes Oh hiya baby watch out
I'm good okay okay Zeus this is a
freshman you eat freshmen freshman food
oh oh okay oh oh he's got my tripod look
at this there's lying spit all over he
wanted the vlog I got a lighter to vlog
Napoleon Dynamite what did you do today
my Zeus I love you
alright guys so we just got done at the
Zoological wildlife ode ocean it was so
much fun and now it's time to head back
to Los Angeles I miss team ten miss
Apollo we gotta go guys wherever wait
one last thing Miami I love Miami all
right let's go two hours later we're in
the middle of this flight right now and
I'm just just reminiscing you know
the good old days
good good back to LA hi yo guys back at
the team ten house actually did you did
you miss me mister hey best friend also
hey legendary shot we're not well not
tube is the last day I can film in this
house I don't know what that means niche
that means war it just what I just said
you ever watch maybe I have beings that
apparently controllers said we can you
think I'm joking
are you actually is higher what do you
mean explain neg explain this time
there's no basically after today if we
film in this house you can face up to
six months in prison because we need
filming box jail or prison don't go to
jail or prison kids unless your vlog
vlog not in this house so how's that
possible if we want to film any comments
no no I'm not the boss of everything
unfortunately you have a cute puppy
though so yeah yeah does it does that
still apply err can I make Instagram
stories yeah I don't know I'm just
trying to be a kid apparently I can't
film our vlog at my house anymore
starting tomorrow which is in like an
hour anyways I even have a cute puppy so
like how is that even possible like
that's not even legal was gonna get
bigger
not taller is Eva cool edit like blood
sucker oh my gosh oh he needs a title
card already here's one
yeah nigga the telecard - it's funny cuz
you're all laughing and joking but this
is like Syria please there's like legal
papers you said I'm go all of them all
of them right here
all of these legal papers saying we
count them Nick we're gonna have to move
your desk out into the street tomorrow
morning all right Jake fallers well this
is news it's still everyday bro don't
even worry about it
but we are gonna respect the Los Angeles
Fire Department and the police tomorrow
because that is pretty intense probably
not allowed to talk about it we're not
talking about it but anyways shake
Polish thank you so much for watching
today join the family chop yourself some
hot new merch get better every single
day that's what it's all about guys all
represented in the merch rip it hard a
bond them haters keep on smiling keep on
working hard and I will see you tomorrow
it's gonna be pretty interesting guys
make sure you subscribe to keep up with
this one because I don't know what's
about to go down but I will see you
tomorrow because Jake Pollard's west pop
and check out this new merch that merch
is hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time click the link make sure
you're subscribed to keep up with my
life on a daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 chuck see you guys
tomorrow
oops
