good morning Miami me a me me founder yo
ma Oh what is going on party people we
are here in Miami it is beautiful
outside
we got a building we got a view we got a
pond so you already know today is about
to be awesome I got my blues I bought
half my blues I call that a half bluer
so you already know I'm blocking out the
haters let's see how far the Blues can
fly yo yeah I also have this paper
airplane that I made because I want to
see how far I can go hook Oh water
but anyways good morning Jake polish I
want to make sure you guys are smiling I
want to make sure you guys are working
hard and I want to make sure you guys
are dabbing on them haters today if
you're sitting at home right now I
challenge you guys to get better every
single day push yourselves in life do
something great and change the world
without any further ado let's do it
today
ha ha y'all want to do come on narrate
this day for you I'm here for the ride
i'ma help you guys up you know you're
about to kill it today and yo guys oh my
god I just realized if you haven't
already joined the Jake Palmer family
what are you doing make sure you smash
that subscribe button yo put anyways
let's get this day rollin let's go on
the flippin move okay time to go on the
move guys we're leaving the hotel you
see these rocks at the front of hotels
broke they're fake this is a fake rock
don't believe everything you see kids oh
we're going on the move we are
sophomores we got this car we got a
charger we have this little sunshade
thing in here look black out the Sun
block out the Sun Sun block it Sun block
it sun block it ah so we were doing
stuff doing things and then it was time
to do business because I do business do
you do business I do business alright so
we're out here doing some business you
know look at how big this conference
table is my boys got the March arms he
owes the game the bigger the conference
table the bigger the business it's real
kids we got pizza and everything then
Jake always pay attention in the middle
of our business meeting it was fun to do
something that's fun now what only
I'm in a lot oh good roll the clip okay
guys news reporter Jake Paul here the
solar lunar eclipse thingy majiggy guys
is happening right now basically the
moon is covering the Sun or something
like that I don't know I dropped out of
school I'm just a kid with a dream I'm
trying to look at it apparently you're
not supposed to look at it I'm gonna
look right at it ready guys oh my god I
can't see anything I can't literally
can't see someone gave me these glasses
will block out the haters and look at it
apparently you can see it through this I
got a little contraption I can't see
anything hey son yeah I'm radiant no I
go here no no I'm not there that was it
cool anyways that was basically flipping
it um and we were in me a me me on here
me one and so it was time to have some
fun so we're all here guys now we're
about to have fun the proper way to do
this in Miami you already know the squad
is here well kind of we're missing a lot
of people meet Justin I don't know what
I want to do there's games there's walls
there's chef lean there's Jake Paul Urso
my boy my boy my boy he knows the game
if you're a Jake baller then you would
jig palter for life and my brother said
it and I just kind of have to say it too
if you're not joining the Jake Fowler
train ticket though out of the way
because we're not slowing down for
anybody we're going to be the first ever
youtube channel to hit 10 million
subscribers twice death and the true
Jake Polar's know that to to focus on
the positive we just sold about 12,000
in her sheets they were I don't know I'm
getting sidetracked what's up bro let's
do a pic let's do a thing so we're going
to this trampoline park and we have to
spell out these waivers on this iPad
would you like to add a child yeah I
have to be just as bad for this so
there's this obstacle course thing you
have to go back and forth jump onto this
thing make it across it's like American
Gladiator can you do it my boy didn't
want it imma show em how it's done
he goes oh my god mark us to go on oh my
god a song he's making over potential
American Gladiator right yeah oh you
went for it oh oh I just wanna challenge
you to fight him in the gauntlet what's
your name Keegan I your I got my money
on CJ oh okay hi this is my boy oh it's
dark now okay
but jakers this did wasn't done I'm out
here from in Busan Jake the Battle of
all battles
I don't do anything I won I'm from Ohio
so is LeBron 360 to the lake
maybe back dollar bye guys
that's my squad oh so much fun guys and
then it was time to hit the boat cuz you
know we flippin rather boat how's your
whip game double check your whip game
you gotta get better are you alright
guys now we are on the SS crewman I
don't know if you remember this last
time we're in Miami but this is Zeebo we
are my boy Dave whipping it up there oh
you know how we do Miami look at all I
also have my speed iam shorts on guys if
your shorts are medium then what are
they look at this super Schmiedt iam
this too big is not cool anymore
I don't watch media like a regular
Stewart son I don't look weird you got a
problem with that you need some mediums
well oh ok so we have to fit the SS
group in underneath the bridge oh oh yo
look at this look at this look at this
everyone oh my god oh my God look at my
head look at my head oh some no
clickbait Jake Beaumont decapitate it
like it subscribe run data path
are you good though good he does not
look good Oh Miami you know I have to
send it from our voice are you guys
silly you guys silly all right here we
go
fine I'm on a boat i'm on a boat in
miami 3 2 1 oh are you selling these no
time I'll never let go Jack I love ya
oh god do I feel lonely no no I knew
this is what you're doing come on watch
this cops trying to pull us over you
know we say deuces it's everyday bro
peace
okay so I met - Jake Pollard's on the
boat ride Olivia and Jaden again oh you
watch everyday flippin girl and so now
we are back here guys it is nighttime
and I want to quickly address the
situation I want to quickly address the
situation with Banks Alyssa rice Gump
the whole entire squad guys paid to
bring stuff down and bring the mood down
I talk to banks and we both on the same
page that were handling the situation
the wrong way there's allegations from
each each party that we both believe are
untrue and we don't want you guys
involved with it on social media we want
to handle it and be good examples for
you guys and show you that we should be
handling these situations in person and
not talking over social media and so we
are meeting in person I think tomorrow
night or Wednesday I got stuck to Miami
doing some business and having a little
bit of fun so we're going to meet as
soon as possible I'm not sure if Alyssa
and rice come are going to be there
might just be banks and I we're just
going to work out the disagreements face
to face and hopefully just drop all the
drama and move flipping past it and
learn from this and get better every
single day bro which is what it's all
about which is what up these folks and
guys I know it was a lot of yours first
days of school I probably got a school
supply list don't forget about our
back-to-school merch guys we're selling
the hottest backpacks there are that's
what we got for you guys join the J
koala family rep the merch we just
dropped some new merch and it's selling
like I got to attend we have a long
sleeve hoodie and the status hoodie that
you guys have seen before guys there's
only a limited amount of these items
check them out
check it out oh okay that's a lot better
if we got all of the slips and logos we
got this stuff on my back is still paja
boy there's only a limited amount of
these guys and the backpacks we're
almost sold out of each so make sure you
go quick join the family get better
every single day smile in your face off
hit that subscribe button and I will see
you guys tomorrow because it's a rookie
yeah to date Brooks Jake Pollard's wet
stop and check out this new March
oh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time put the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Church see you guys tomorrow
poof
