good morning Jake ballers we are about
to wake up Jasmine with some ice water
good Hershey Pennsylvania we are out
here wake up boys turn the lights on sir
reaction time on the phone your phone is
waterproof bro you can never know though
I had the option to pick you or chance
you are awake well good morning Jake
Pollard's welcome to my life if you're
new here I'm Jake Paul right now we're
Pennsylvania and it is lit every single
day bro yesterday was one of the
greatest days of my life and we are
about to start another one another one
we made it
Jake fellas we're out here in the Philly
we shut we shouldn't show ya we got the
streets that's all right so we got a big
day ahead of us hey Joe
my boy yeah when's the soundcheck right
now when is the Mean Green in an hour
agent Joe coming in close boys we gotta
run the score up what run it up oh all
right so this is the venue for tonight I
like the lights check out these lights
on those are legit after the show we're
supposed to have a flight back to Los
Angeles but we want to stay to get a
Philly cheesesteak who's down yeah I'm
down but man is the sore loser he
doesn't want to miss this boy Philly
cheesesteak bro it's so worth it the
camera now he's down stay stay
today not would never do this we are
about to start the third million grades
I'm gonna beat the Jake polish you know
that's not favorite thing in the world
to do let's flip in sender
I like your shirt are you scared of me
this is the squad right here no no no I
love you more no I love you this is the
squad right here he's got the gray camo
tap all day he already knows the dad's
got the merch they said on there bro
the whole family goals
they got that Myrtle you know the game
maybe some a man bear he found news
celebration cameos for the full
experience okay chanting Anthony ran
their we're gonna hit him with confetti
confetti showers using the splash zone
guys huddle and huddling holla and
howling this is one of the most
impactful Reap weekend's of my life
through adversity we rise like Titan so
our Titans win Jake haulers never take
Elm it might look like an L there's no
else ever taking guys Street dogs
if you ever feel in low if you ever
feeling like you can't do it you can you
can and you will it sold-out crowd
we love you guys we got amazing justin
fair chance me Anthony and I just want
to remind you guys to chase your dreams
chase your goals because anything is
possible anywhere just a swear does a
couple ray kids to go well we are and
now we're here we gotta go run hey Billy
yeah
no more teens
break the world record
I think
we just got off stage and I think we
brawlers break records every single day
fastest YouTube channel to hit ten milli
fastest unsubscribe channel fastest
YouTube channel seven's most like this
video on youtube yeah most viewed
youtuber music video I can keep on going
but I'm not going to because I don't
want to take up all your time
I respect your time
we're leaving the venue it's to let
everyone be safe you're special to me
okay
pile boys I'll see where I'm going too
hot right now you're going to hell right
now represent the tu-16 guys we killed
it they're going back to LA in Ohio and
last-minute plan we're going to Miami
yeah that's right boys we gotta hit that
business broke we have a couple of
meetings oh yeah so we're on a private
jet to Miami you know we do it always
big Oh some squall let's go boys when
you got to do business you gotta do
business
they got starburst I'm talking about
some peanuts I'm talking about some
pretzels
that's the luxury life guys today was
absolutely insane I may hate you with
the camera flip Oh Oh got it
thank y'all so much for watching make
sure you guys are subscribed and join
the movement 12 million followers in 12
months can't we be the first ever
YouTube channel to do it I think we can
you can run the family what I do and
also cap yourself some hot new merch you
always know I'm repping you always know
it's hot we just dropped some new items
and there's a limited amount of time and
there's a limited amount of items before
they run out guys so hurry up while you
can and Jake Pollard's I will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday bra boos
Jake Pollard's with pop and check out
this new March
oh that marches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check see you guys tomorrow hoose
