savings not even yet I can't even
explain how much either support me what
is kuchi family we are here tour she
Pennsylvania we flew here we are like
four hours of sleep what are you guys
doing we have to go on the move
basically let me give you some backstory
last night ah just got to the airport
guys where you're headed to Pennsylvania
we have a long night ahead of us as much
we good you know we always on that grind
son look at this oh so much air and
ports this is about to be legendary got
agent Joe we got the boys we got bear
ding crust you can't go wrong with the
thin crust kids especially on a flight
you have up staying oh yeah all right so
we're on the plane now Philadelphia no
we're on the plane right Philadelphia
we're about to come see you say bye bro
I'll see you yeah they play all the way
in the back oh that's okay so now we are
here we literally have to go right now
the whole squad is here we got sophomore
we got there performing a concert we're
meeting the Jake Pollack we're selling
merchandise we're going to a park gonna
be like we're gonna be late we're gonna
be late
Jake Pollard's we're getting started but
I want to make sure you're smiling I
want to make sure you're dabbing on them
haters I don't want to make sure that
you guys are working hard guys nothing
could stop you stay positive always have
a smile on your beautiful faces if the
world is coming after you if you feel
like you're lonely just know that this
girl's here with us yo what's your name
if you're ever feeling lonely CP is with
us she has hangars guys what do you know
about them hangers hang on you're fine
let's run it let's run it let's run it I
already met some Jake father's in the
lobby say was
they know how to dab on the hater show
neither let me give you guys a little
bit of a rundown this is the stadium
look at all of these seats 12,000 stage
people everywhere Jake Pollard's we also
have a canine truck
Apollo is inside if you heard of here
first Apollo is inside look I'm gonna
give him a pop tag boom he's inside of
there Apollo hit him with the follow we
got our full-time security right here
look at her go yeah that's my girl
what's your name she's got our back
let's run it up and then of course we
have the dressing room check it out boys
uncle Nathan always in the corner the
a/c is pumping hard
we got blog cameras we got this we have
this candle and most importantly we have
water always hydrate that's my boy sound
check it sound check
oh thank you guys all for coming told
you it was sold out a sophomore well I'm
a sophomore I think that mic turned off
for her no chance hit him with the sauce
bro let me hit him with this off okay so
now guys we're about to go meet the fans
to Jake Pollard's the Pennsylvania Jake
colors you guys are all out here it's
all for the fans may be truly thank you
guys all so much for coming we're out
hi that's me and you're sure my girls
matching its everyday bro hoodies hey
what's up sweat sir in the game what's
your name Jack well I signed up to you
but you know freshmen oh my gosh the
Jake ballers are so out here right now
it's unbelievable we're about to start
doing another me and green one stadiums
not even filled yet I can't even explain
how much I this support means like you
guys are the best okay guys brother said
the second meetup oh that bag
that's a mom and got our goals right
there I just love watching every single
day I watch him every single day
until he stops which I think never
how long have you been riding with your
folks and how long are you gonna keep
riding he's so nice and so inspirational
actually we just finished the meeting
green guys look at this guys it's
filling up all right guys we're about to
host this it's going down a fam gave us
this that we're rocking it on stage one
time for the one time
all right boys we're about to perform in
front of 12,000 people this is the
biggest audience I've ever been in front
of the Jake Pollard's are the strongest
army I can't thank you guys enough the
Jake Pollard's are the strongest army I
can't thank you guys enough like I'm
getting I'm getting so nervous I'm
nervous right now if you would just
chase your dreams
chase and work hard every single day
anything is possible
you know we're performing in
Pennsylvania neighboring state is Ohio
where I'm sorry oh it's very soon we're
from three years ago I was a class clown
getting laughed at by my teachers my
classmates and all it is is hard-working
passion four months ago Tony and I had
had no food no money no job and no place
to stay and I were here to live in this
is about the exo crazy
I would never understand like I'm so I
don't want to get emotional but like if
your kid at home right now watching this
and you feel like there's no hope
there's you feel like there's nothing
going on in your life you're wrong
don't give up believe in in your hard
work believe in yourself believe in your
passion believe in the grind never give
up never give up never lets keep
grinding we gotta stop us
I want to team ten on three ready one
two three
12,000 people agent Joe here we go here
we go it's fine 12,000 people haha
makes him known
Oh
that was the most amazing performance
ever there's Finland I know a lot of
people hate on us a lot of people talk
smack a lot of people make up but it's
not too late to join the movement you
know it's about getting better every
single day that's all you guys can do
join the movement like and subscribe
always plug
okay guys so we just finished our
performance look at this it's not worth
the views Jake everything's with the
view and living dive on the views today
bro Jake know the story
nicely combined out what did you know it
wanted the March
okay low-key though I'm gonna take my
merch back sorry we're leaving the show
I love you you guys are amazing you
changed my life in the rain that Jake
Pollard's are still here my boys got the
merch over there the Jake ballers
everything else
no drivers the drivers back we made it
they literally all have the March on
it's a movement I love each and every
single one of you know Tony's bleeding
what happened bro we went to a
restaurant we're trying to eat didn't
and we just shut it down there you know
my girl knows he's got she's got the
more she already knows my boy was proven
its to rely here in Persia people just
like chill it's great I love the bike
check for all those that is it for today
make sure you cut that out no more joy
the Jake Paula family it was such a
life-changing experience guys I owe
everything I have to you guys the Jake
Pollard's their strongest family out
there join the movement 12 million
subscribers in 12 months we're gonna hit
it and I thank you guys all for being a
part and Jake waters I will see you
tomorrow because Jake Pollard's West pop
and check out this new March that merch
is hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time click the link make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 Chuck see you guys
tomorrow
peace
