you guys need to listen to the hard
facts and all the hearsay unless there's
evidence I would tell you to take it as
BS what is going on party people how are
you doing Jake Paul is one's duty today
is gonna be epic let me tell you about
it we have a lot going on we're going to
go fly to Pennsylvania we're going to
make a song we're going to introduce a
college a bunch just wait this way if
you're new here I'm Jake this is the
team ten how and it is lit every single
day bro let me tell you about that we've
got a lot to flip and do guys I'm sweaty
I need a pack I need to shoot this much
gone off sorry
what anyway I have a lot to flip into it
what what's up I think you'd say oh no
it's fine yeah sorry about that kids we
got to get moving guys but you already
know fitness is the first step to
greatness kids so this morning we had to
hit the gym Apollo is playing the game
we're at the gym he automation a number
he's getting all the girls look at this
hey okay cool cool cool cool cool ah
let's jam am i right three two one
reload and kids all about accuracy I'm
going to tell you oh it is what can we
talk about this bro can we talk about
this you're 15 years old now and he is
no longer the freshman you won he won
the game Lyrae only Hathaway Brennan
he's all longer the freshman here's the
sophomore I just found it briefly in
yesterday's vlog like and subscribe
always like and scrap always watch every
single blog anyway I just done it in my
vlog yesterday but my boy was with Drake
talking about him ten we can't call him
a freshman anymore maintain you can't be
depressed anymore you gotta great now if
you want one sophomore saw saw saw
look yo you need no stop stop what
should these shirts really work if
someone's ever talking smack you just
pause them now Jake called us come with
me come on I got a pack because we're
leaving in a little bit I'm going on I'm
doing an interview time left
god bless it
you
what I do what to do what to do we are
on the move now party people
blood sharks whipping us we're about to
do an interview with a youtuber there's
a youtuber who always talks smack about
me and like makes videos about me and
like they're all negative and I think
the videos are funny whatever never care
what people say about you people dab on
them haters you already know but we're
going to go do an interview with him to
kind of clear the air and hopefully we
can become friends after this but it
should be pretty fun and entertaining
and Forja talk about some very juicy
drama so a few moments later yo so we're
about to do this
thanks for coming Jake yo thank you for
having me tonight I feel like this is
gonna be a good conference I said we
need this like you and I and YouTube and
people need this I did to them you
listening thanks for coming up I got
this I got this we got this we're doing
a big if it's all day it's all day it's
every day they're starting the
thingamajiggy coming what's going down
I'm about to go in there in a second guy
it's the KTLA reporter the one who I
asked his shoes like what are those do
you guys would probably remember that I
have a one question for you yeah I think
he's coming here too as well so we might
be able to blog with them I don't know
my man decide this is about to be an
epic interview thing I call this an
interview sure okay I works it's an
interview I does here in the corner he
basically accused the owner of phase
right phase banks and basically saying
that this guy choked out your assistant
and I saw her neck it's completely black
and blue bruised over what are your
thoughts on that all right so I'm here
with Chris the KTLA reporter where all
this craziness started you know he's got
the one of those shoes these are the one
Oh
what are those Donnie ausonian wrote
that's all I wanted to know it wasn't
even an insult and what about these ones
no these are keep on chugging with the
podcast it's going good
last week you had something first that
you wanted to uh yes share with that yes
we just lost our that interview guys
there was so much fun hashtag drew but
now we are going to the studio guys
because I have to make a song 20 minutes
so we are back in the studio about to
make another banger bangers old me look
at this we're out here doing it big you
know how it is look at all these keys
what does this one do what yeah don't
touch that just for show just for show
yeah this just makes you in videos I'm
thinking uncle agent in the corner per
usual you tell me what you think do we
ever be we're making this in three hours
okay
oh oh oh oh run it up run it up okay
okay okay okay
ah I hit ten milli what if they've been
do check follows on the move we got it
like them ascended imma get it yeah like
it subscribe whoop whoop I like it all
right you're not going to get any more
than that we're about to make a banger
well boys and girls we made some fire
and like a couple of hours per usual you
already know guys I gotta catch a flight
I got his flight I love you guys we're
doing it big we're doing it big five
this is a dela my guys literally a
flight is in a couple of hours heading
to Pennsylvania which door do I go to
oh we gotta go we go charge come on
buddy
we got to go fast drive yourself home
you
what is up people it is the next day and
I'm putting this in my vlog for today
and I recorded like a whole response
video talking about the whole entire
situation but guys I truly felt like I
was like we weren't handling the
situation the right way we weren't being
good role models for you guys online and
it just like this high school drama like
back-and-forth thing and it's never
never going to end and I'm all about
positivity and doing things the right
way and I'm not here to like hurt anyone
or harm anyone and I don't want banks to
look better now let's look bad I don't
want anyone to look bad and it's just
not the right way to handle the
situation and so I reached out to banks
directly over text message and we're
communicating now and we are going to
meet up figure out how to solve this
situation we're stopping the drama guys
drama isn't fun no one ever wins it's
all it's always a lose-lose situation no
one knows who to believe you don't know
what's going on and and and it's not how
we should be handling our personal lives
but I'm out here in Hershey right now
we're about to kill this show Jake
polish thank you so much for the support
as always I'm sorry to anyone that I
even offended with with any of my videos
or posts or words or whatever it is and
I'm still continuing and striving to do
better with that stuff on a day to day
basis Jake Pollard's wet stop and check
out this new March oh that March is hot
boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow
