meg was assaulted by a man last night
who isn't the same like community in
space as us yes good morning Jake
Pollard's was beautyberry you know we're
keeping it real
you know what flipping telling it what's
up
welcome to my life if you're new here
I'm Jake Paul this is the team ten house
and it is lit every single day bro
justin is it your birthday one second
Oh No
anyway let me get y'all caught up to
speed
last night Apollo destroyed blood shark
damn it oh my gosh I was driving around
with little Apollo in blood shark
I know Bloods are calm down buddy and
Apollo pooped all over and look at this
now I'm out here clean I'm out here
scrubbing kit this is what you do for
your pets you gotta love them you got a
pet them you gotta pee on them you got
to feed them this is all the things that
sacrifices kids cleaning it damn it shut
up shut up thanks thank you thank you
thank you Jake and then um it's time for
her to leave okay
good morning Paul oh hey your lovely mom
hi good morning
she's leaving me leaving my baby I love
you don't have too much fun in Ohio okay
I'm just trying to get Apollo to go to
the bathroom well he took my Tesla last
night oh my god hey no not the shoelace
all right say goodbye the favorite son
and favorite fan base and uh back to you
Jay
anyways then it was time to go to the
gym because you know we lift what's up
what's up
do you lift you lift let me say Apollo
follow us let's get you all bunny come
on go
got it come on cracking aah
do you miss bro uh-huh so now we're back
from the jail sorry Thomas
and now it's time to get today started
by dope let's get your boy look at your
boy I got my magazine cover what you
know about them Yellow Sun put them
yellers on take them off I'm on the
ground magazine cover hold on oh where
am i where am i where am I leave that
look at that oh when is kids we're
taking over Hollywood we're going like
this we're going up into the right we're
doing things you know while you're going
to today is going to be a great day
tours usual and without any further ado
let's slip and do that dang yo boys boys
boys ha ha
let's go G fam I was just in your life
inspecting your bed are you are you
what's wrong it's fine oh we don't talk
about it also you got some ranch to put
on the reel are you guys ready to
conquer Pennsylvania and Philadelphia Oh
already I don't think they're ready
y'all ready boys ready
we were literally going to conquer I
think we're about to sell all 12
thousand tickets you have no idea how
strong the Jake colors are down we have
a dev session really like when I say the
power of the Jake callers is real don't
know this it's everyday bro it's 14
times a day bro it's twice a day bro
it's our life oh my god and when I see
all of you in the crowd I'll better see
you wearing that banjo duck go back
slash dick Palmer because you know if
you're not wearing that then like what
are you wearing
you know I mean Apollo yolks we try and
sneak away right dude he'd make it up
all you want to go on the flight yo yo
guys comment below what you think if we
should trying to sneak him on the flight
but you know what time it is say one
okay it's time to go mobile ha ha we
just got to the store where he isn't
sell for Justin's birthday hey Jess - of
another
I just think velcro is in plush you
don't have to worry about tying them
it's perfect you'll start high school -
great freshmen it'll be Jeff all right
Justin I'm thinking tough dude hold it
up that's the one
it is the freshman's birthday it is the
freshman's birthday or some of it or
nothin think of it wish you happy
birthday everyone happy birthday
to you happy birthday to you
so proud happy hey dear Justin happy
birthday to you Oh like and subscribe
Jake ball is more clinking buy the
hottest glitch in the game copper while
you can with every day bro peace
think fast ha ha ha - I'll put it let me
put it back big gesture sorry sorry
don't do this at home kids
come on freshmen daddy ready for school
you're gonna need some binders good
stuff kit good stuff get them some pens
crap and I'll get them it oh I'm all the
sharpies all of it the whole thing the
whole thing get them in here there you
go pencils Dustin you can never run out
because then your friends need pencil
then you just gotta go like here I got
pencils for you come on yeah you need a
paper towel who is very cool Apollo
attack attack Apollo yeah get him Apollo
here take it hold that I said not to
hold and then go gang gang gang gang
yeah he's learning he's learning it was
a good start yeah that's good do you
even got yellers I'm Jake I'm a vlogger
what's up did film because we need you
this one thing I know for sure their son
will not be able to harm me what do we
do now okay Justin save your school
supplies but you need a backpack why
don't you guys have Jake all backpacks
super hot get it you know okay I like
this one better while your ass come on
give them the backpack
can I call back that's now available
personally goodbye oh you're in it
guys I think I spotted some potential
fans of my mom I need an interview that
all are you guys in the family are you
in the Pamela my mom she's a vlogger
with the iPhone she goes like this hey
Pam good afternoon family no oh sorry
okay it's okay
I'm a fan babe oh oh my gosh I found my
brother that's my brother you oh my god
you know how to vlog actually good
neighbor what
it's your neighbor oh this is awkward
it's been promised in front of you are
you Jay poly no childish I ah no it's
okay I guess this is a moment of falling
I'm falling again I'm falling again but
they're just neighbors sure you guys see
how far you can make it in there bro
good boy come on Clark it's off time
that's all just a couple kid that's
looking for school supplies do you guys
know where that school supplies are go
go go
Tony he's a freshman it's his birthday
too so you can't be that mad happy
birthday to ya oh really
where's all your school supplies go bro
you lost them oh my gosh
don't make a scene don't make a scene
Tony just Justin Justin oh my god Justin
look what you did can you scan me how's
it go today
I'm 100 I just went up kids good idea
price went up
target turn up get it
bloods our I'm coming buddy pull
yourself out come on good boy
yes you're good hope you stop stop
let's roll if you moments later Oh guys
look no way look no no way Brian leaves
having to meet up yo Brian Lee are you
guys doing oh my gosh I thought it was a
Brian Lee meetup not how many people
there I thought it was Brian - sure well
they were dick polish love - Jake polish
I love them too they're always out there
strong where we going by the way I don't
know
sorry you know what I'm sick of this
what do you know I know Jake what do you
mean I don't want to I'll Drive I'll
Drive I got it right now no okay ah it's
okay no one needs even guys let's go
back to the few channels right me then
we're back people did you miss me we
needed some Chewie wait hold on is this
the new March the new Kade March oh wait
he frozen - oh no delivery Oh CEO Chris
oh my gosh so CEO Chris the CEO both
Android oh my god it's so real oh my
gosh they're cooking up here okay guys
this is the new Jake Palmer I am so
excited for this is like life - some of
my favorite pieces ever anthony sorry
bro i'ma play you know play ball Oh
no we got the Jay Paul's no it's like
all represented here go oh my god oh my
god live
no no hey chat we got pink we got white
we got gray we got it all kids merch
Lincoln bio look at how thick that is
Apollo you need one good boy this is the
hottest March we've made yet let me tell
you about this right now get up on them
haters I need you guys to be roughing
this like oh my god
super hot fire CEO Chris you came in
clutch right here you can't meet us how
business booming Oh laughs before boomin
I mean you're not lying kids the Jake
Paul is our cop in the March and you
should to join the J koala family guys
this is also a new piece of merchandise
the world is our world is ours that's
right guys you know what I'm sayin it's
all out here how you doing Nick I'm
doing great
these are my favorite pieces up a big
man okay can I have
I feel like everyone took some except
for me now should I try it on
ready three two Oh yo yo holla move it
mother
let me let me not already oh boy
Oh boys what do you know about family
three - okay bro you look good okay you
talk my new Marg that new that is sick
oh wait have you seen my buddy I have
nugger you got it oh you know it's funny
Bob being frozen I can still hear all
about that's a Brooks the competition
shook I love you look cool cool cool
cool cool you want pinks ready yeah
three two
what it's not it's not worth it's not
worth Network okay oh it's cute though
following on Instagram
Apollo hit him with a follow-up comedy
so you're gonna throw a maganet
you want to do that yeah okay ready
three two one it only really works on
chatted
Jake hollers we were talking and I just
found out some news from these three and
Nick originally it was just like an
offline conversation like no cameras
involved but when I heard what happened
I was so distraught I was so in shock I
was so disgusted that I needed to bring
this situation to light so that anyone
watching can learn from this so that we
can stop this kind of thing together as
a community and simply build awareness
around it so that this type of thing
never happens again and I hate to be
like negative and like weird and like
emotional whatever but this type of
thing like I said is horrific and so
basically and I let Meg tell a story and
Erica and Anthony because they were
involved with it but the long story
short of it is that meg was assaulted by
a man last night who isn't the same like
community in space as us and it's not
like if you guys see like that she
literally has a bruise I don't know if
you can see on Kent like here not to be
like dramatic but like she'll it has a
bruise on the side of the whore whole
entire neck so I was out with friends
last night and we saw someone that we
recognized because he is in our same
work and I didn't really know whether or
not it was him at first because he has a
girlfriend and he was making out with
this other girl that I knew wasn't his
girlfriend so at first I was confused
but then I realized it was definitely
him and we went about our night and I
went to the restroom and got lost
because I've never been there before and
when I was leaving he sort of
clotheslined me and put their arm out in
front of me and tried to like pull me in
to the place that they were in to his
table he like those are Mountain like
what
like this and I was looking up at him
and our faces were really close and
she's sort of like what I feel like it
was more extreme yeah I mean like I'm
very literally like like drag beside my
neck
meg said that she like lost your breath
yeah like he knocked the wind out of me
and like dragged me by my neck
any word he did no you doesn't know you
I've never met him before I just know
who he is because he's well-known in our
same community um and I looked up at him
and I realized immediately that it was
thanks and so I got away from him and
went back to the people that I was with
immediately texted Erica immediately
texted Toni and explained to them what
was going on freaking out like didn't
feel safe to go home and I do you want
to tell them like why this was so
traumatic to like why it scared you so
much I think that like biggest thing
here is that it's one thing where it's
like Internet like random beef between
life threat you and then and then chance
or whatever but when another human
assault another human for no reason
in a Teta at a club yeah at a venue like
it's the same you feel like it's not
even like internet beef like he doesn't
even know you know Megan Megan behind is
college it my glue it just so happens
that she is like a my assistant and like
works here and so what's crazy about
this is that it wasn't her this message
would have never been spread this you
have a thing could have like kept on
happening
it could have like spiraled into a lot
worse things it's just like it's like
sickens me but I don't know there's more
to the story
well the reason is was so it really
shook me a lot is because I was
assaulted by an ex-boyfriend before and
he actually like broke ribs and broke my
jaw so I just think that like the
message needs to be made very clear and
more clear that like assault in any way
is not okay and it was very obvious that
she she called me and she was like
scared to be in her own bed in her own
apartment and and I think it's like one
thing and I know like a lot of your
husband like whatever like it's one
thing if you're joking around with
someone like specifically the situation
that happened
you're joking around with someone you're
friends with them you know them you're
playing a game with them and it's
completely harmless
and Tessa and I have been friends for
four years now three years I don't even
know and that's a completely separate
situation like Tessa like laughs well
and jokes about it but like even
something like that like still needs to
stop and like how to I'm right I'm like
speechless over a chain like message
here guys is like if you ever see this
happen if you ever see a human putting
down another human assaulting another
human whatever it is like we all need to
rise up and stop it because this is a
big platform that you the Jake Pollard's
like we all know how powerful the Jake
Pollard's are and so we can use that
power for good and use it to spread
these messages and to change the world
like that's what it's all about like we
can make these videos and Mike one of
you decided to stop someone from getting
assaulted and that makes the world a
better place and it sucks because like
this is just like one situation and
they're like there's so much there's so
much like bigger stuff happening out
there just today Barcelona gets attacked
like a terrorist attack the Martinez
twins like the kids who we all love the
most like they deserved the world are
twenty minutes outside of Barcelona for
all we know could have been in Barcelona
in that exact spot when all that went
down and so I hate you like I'm going to
be negative and there's bigger things
going on but like it's scary girls like
I really yeah woman it's never okay to
touch someone or like assault from water
put your hand on anyone in general
whether you know then you don't know
them that's just something you don't do
so the fact that he did that to someone
he didn't even know like what else is
going to be done like people like that
need to be stopped and I think this is a
very good example of that the this like
video isn't meant to like retaliate or
target anyone it's not about that not
about like revenge or like starting
drama or beef or anything it's about how
important this message is to get out
there and we're trying to figure out the
situation
NIC diem the person and
the police are involved there's proof
thankfully there's cameras at this club
and we are going to stop this and have
justice and let the let the police take
it from here and they're the
professionals they can handle it but
like overall this situation just sucks
we I mentioned it earlier and I'm
becoming better and better at this guys
I really am I'm growing as a person and
we here at team ten and everyone we
really truly everyone has a
responsibility to watch out for people
to defend people to spread like
positivity to stop these types of things
and use your own platform whether it's
you and your friends or whether you are
another creator online watching this
video to use your platform to make
change and every little thing that
people are watching on these vlogs is an
influence so I meant it like when I said
I want to use this platform more and
more and get better every single day
to kind of teach you the lessons and the
things that I have failed on because I'm
not I'm not perfect either but all you
can do is grow and get better every day
bro I'm sorry Groupon Groupon calls my
group hug group hug
I guess I'm gonna keep on blogging I
don't know I'm in a weird mood I might
leave you in a second okay guys nothing
what we're at your birthday dinner right
now
I know bro is it here isn't it happy
15th birthday I love you bro you look
too much like me no you're just a
freshman but you're kind of cool bro I
am ah boy Simon
it's your birthday just kind but we
still love you bro happy birthday follow
me on Instagram address throughout with
44 cool cool pop tag for telepresence I
got for you all right
whoa whoa back at the team Ken out guys
just as Marty was actually super late
guys
you're not going to believe what
happened we can't call Justin a freshman
anymore
no when Drake says something we have to
obey roll the clip
I'm here with my boy Frank inside you
can't be a freshman anymore you got a
great moment you get out of here first
that's not a freshman anymore you got a
hell of a happy it's your birthday we
got it like you got a good song you know
how were tired what the heck okay Justin
you are now a sophomore
oh my they give it rot so bad my boys a
legend I'm just surprised at the fact
that Drake knows with TeamTennis
my boy is lit and Jake ballers don't
forget the cops no no he's a freshman
street photographer he's a sophomore now
bro make sure you got that hot new Jake
polymers you already know join the
family the hottest merch in the game
there's only a limited amount of items
on there guys so make sure you go fast
keep on smiling keep on working hard and
I will see you tomorrow because it's
every day bro please Jake Pollard's what
stop and check out this new merch
ooh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Church see you
guys tomorrow
poof
