my good night I'm not joking good night
now what I do what I do what I do what I
do welcome to my life people's if you're
new here I'm Jay Paul you guys are the
Jake parlors and it is lit every single
day bro so uh basically I'm gonna
narrate this day for you it got pretty
insane as always you're gonna want to
stay tuned okay so basically guys I got
a puppy if you don't know his name is
Apollo he's the cutest thing in the
world and it was my first night with him
and last night I was sleeping with him
and roll the clip real quick I almost
made it all the way through the night
just to him he woke me up started peeing
on the bed and pooped on the floor we
almost made it over through you know let
me clean this up let me clean it up you
almost made it through guys are so cute
oh my gosh just watch this a couple
hours later we woke up oh my god oh my
god Wow oh boy oh boy are you ready
- hi Jay brothers hi today awesome it's
your first day at the teen tent house
Wow now I'm training him how to go to
the bathroom and whenever I want him to
go to the bathroom I'm gonna say haters
because he's gonna come in haters haters
go go haters he's still learning come on
buddy
go go Jesus is hard being a dad haters
go yeah haters haters yeah whoa then it
was time to wake everyone else up wake
up oh here's a puppy hey buddy
oh my god bro he's perfect it names
Apollo dude that yeah follow him on
instagram at Apollo the canine I'm sorry
I'm so tired I was also 3:30
I'm an actor bro this little boy Ohio
make it move well you guys come on all
the heat blends in as my boy
time to wake up to a puppy she was like
mama it's so Kylie he's my favorite my
dog give me my job back she trying to
take your follow I say hell no now Paulo
won 13 Choice Awards I know what you're
thinking you think about dad's amazing
job thank you thing you think anyway
since they won these awards you want to
try the yellows on oh my boy looks fly
the yellow what I was thinking was
you're gonna have to learn how to surf
so your first day then house is gonna be
learning how to surf come on buddy all
you have to do get on the surfboard
here you go surfing
you're gonna go I'm such a proud dad oh
oh oh no don't fall in don't fall in
okay first day you'll get better oh boy
buddy you did there's a treat ah
fatherhood and then basically I was like
taking around the house like he was you
know like I was basically showing them
off introducing him to everyone
my mom chat dah dah dah hey Meagan you
want to meet the puppy that you're going
to take care of whenever I can't all the
time look at a little ear he'll move
Thomas don't move
and now presenting you Apollo look at
the watch you plays holy music bro come
meet them as excited haha here we go
got a puppy that's my dog what easy it's
a dog
thank you if you hit no man it's acute
I've ever seen my mom finds ill hi Jake
ballers my Duke grandchild children it
was time to go on the move people when
you don't know what to do
go on the move all right we're taking
you back guys we're on the move
taking a Apollo back home getting rid of
them just kidding sorry which one do you
want
which one buddy you want to be holy okay
oh no Jake I'm supposed to do that tasty
hit the goldfish it's a goldfish attack
I'm sorry mom first encounter with
another dog there's a poodle back here
attack
okay Apollo you know what we're gonna
work on that next time I say attack you
better attack follow attack nobody
now runway zombie Apollo attack go go go
get them we're learning all right you
can have him Apollo gets all the meat
and you ought to get more Jake polish
because the tap business play half
leisure-- you don't saying kids let's be
honest you already know some windows
you're famous
your first time in the park the be
careful we're putting your hands there a
young guy okay what my yellers on for
that I think yellow my boys deserve it
she knows the game so it's a hot day and
you know what that means
I screwed there what's up to the Jake
Paulus we're going to need some ice
cream what do you got what do you got
what you got I got up with a yellow van
what do you need what do you need I got
what you need are you filming here yeah
so tell me this is the cutest thing ever
possibly this is the cutest ever it's a
Belgian Malinois his name is Apollo
console me
gotta go try and get those bros members
with the dog is going to try and get the
girls numbers with the dog
makes it easy it's unfair he's saying oh
um
first time for my friend Nathan the
guttered number first try with the dog
Apollo European so then after that Oh
yep hey it's me again figure that with
the dance moves Jake calm down he'll
Disney jokes then we went back to the
house sorry
we went back to the house yo your
clothes do not believe what just
happened
yo chill chill chill chill chill Tristan
got these crabs to set them free but
before you were setting them free you
decided to put them in my bed when I was
taking in that I was literally napping
he puts these all in my bed look at
these live crabs like to watch let's see
we close the vlog get the vlog for you
set them free bro we got to chase to
venom mouth bro look at the mouth
they're nice guys though either night
ones like this is Larry's murder the
crab also Jake ballers we broke
Instagram yesterday with the Powell's
account hopefully by today at the backup
so if you don't already follow them go
follow Matt Apollo the k-9 but yeah
Tristan now it's time to do the rest of
the team ten members let's go do it
is that alive is that alive I crab I'm a
savage and I don't care I have your
child
I'll Apollo Apollo will eat it Apollo
attack that's a crazy crowd Jason found
him at these stores that were abusing
him I thought it was a pet store and I
was like look at it to get a crowd
turned out it was like a seafood
restaurant so I bought all of them
oh my guy yeah come on 1000 money good
night I'm not joking good I guess and I
know I'm not joking Oh Larry what did
you do
he's like from Sponge Bob time to set
him free into the ocean let me see it
let me see it one more time I didn't get
a good angle
oh yeah it's broken or something oh yeah
that's bad Larry Larry Oh Larry Larry
was a lobster and spongebob not a crab
well that's what you get for messing
with the crowd I didn't know Larry
attended shots at yo fitty dog when you
poke the bear the bear pokes back where
do you think you think of the ocean say
goodbye thank you from certain death
keep posted on Instagram they were going
to kill Larry at a restaurant I was
looking for a power I thought I lost him
and just look just come luck my boy
Apollo you Apollo got all of these girls
yeah like I said all of these Joe broke
up and we'll leave you alone Apollo my
boy is a drama girl we had to have
special guests over at the team 10th
house you're gonna like this one
oh well if it isn't my friend E oh how
do you like the dog oh my god dude I
it's adorable I came literally just
finished dog not because you missed me
on Disney
I miss you on set Davis because
flashback to that time that you cried oh
I think that's the new Mertz broom we
came out with some new merch always like
banjo and I think this is it
so we basically have new sweatshirt and
no what are you doing bro Nick Nick get
him get him Nick we ordered like 10,000
firecrackers get up
England's depressive Wow here we go
gentle move No Hey Ramirez recipe okay
so it's not going anywhere
what are we doing in um row dad my Dylan
is coding so many problems
oh yeah well I jacket down leave him in
there he was even scared of me I'm
scared of you literally there's 10,000
firecrackers down there what's going on
doing a bonus though it's illegal you
Jenny man fireworks in California how
did you get this are you gonna grow
Wiccan citizens the rest of us okay I am
done I will I will shoot you
I will Point Blank neck my god you know
everything's done now I'm done
I won't put it down being my territory
you know what to come down I'll just say
that oh it's not even loaded
I'm sorry we've been stealing your teeth
yeah they did talking that no we took
your teeth back in back in the day no
you live this dream oh oh oh that my
Dylan's a good job all right
I'm confused wait how is your night
10.you still alive yeah me now just go
back in there bro you know you can stay
no hi so then guys are rounded everyone
up for an important meeting but before
we get into that guys I just want to
give you guys a little bit of motivation
I want to make sure you guys are smiling
I want to make sure you guys are working
hard on a day-to-day basis I want to
make sure that you're chasing your
dreams that you are being an Apollo
that's right like I've named Apollo
Apollo is because like he's a god
he's creative he is named after the
Greek god of Sun and creativity and
music and poetry and archery and Apollo
represents like this movement and this
idea of like just being a flippin God
bro and being creative and having
positive light like he's the god of the
Sun and having light and just never not
smiling and always like working hard and
so I want to give you guys that
inspiration and getting better every day
bro that's what the March means baby
that's what it's about is some movement
cool cool but then yes alright like I
was saying we had to have an important
meeting I want to thank you all so much
for coming to this very important
meeting we have a very important
decision to make
do we want to sign Apollo here to team
10 all in favor raise your hand okay
it's a done deal
Apolo buddy this is your big moment he's
asleep he's had a rough day he's done a
lot today sleep on it
sleep on it he's on it oh he's doing it
Oh
welcome to the family okay someone
following from the team den Instagram I
love you buddy I love you ha ha new
member of team 10 thank you guys so much
for watching today was awesome don't
forget to cover yourself some merch you
know it's the hottest in the game what I
don't want to know and also don't forget
that I'm going to be in Pennsylvania
this weekend guys we are almost sold out
like the power of the Jake polish isn't
say the strongest family out there we
almost have sold out a 12,000 person
venue I want to see you guys there I
want to make sure you guys selling out
Hershey Pennsylvania I'll be there this
weekend make sure you come and see me
and I will see y'all tomorrow because
it's every day Oh Jake Pollard's what
stop and check out this new March ooh
that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 shirt see you
guys tomorrow
