we just got here guys I don't know where
the dog is that we're supposed to meet
me up with this guy I'm nervous yes good
good yes good morning Jake polish oh my
god boys are driving himself we are so
out here right now on the way to get a
puppy Wow you'll hurt your first kids
I am legitimately about to get a puppy
before we do that
I hope you're having a great day I hope
you're smiling I hope you're working
hard and if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul and it is lit every single day bro
sorry I'm so out here I'm just not
driving so I have all this extra and
space I just don't know what to do any
he'll let me explain to how all of this
went down I am like so excited right now
I'm about to have a little mini Jake
Paul dogs running around like a little
fluffy guy with his ears like this let
me explain it so this morning I lifted a
even lift bro oh no you don't even lift
bro so I lifted and then it was kind of
a bad situation but Tessa's accounts on
all of her social media platforms were
all hack save her Lord Jesus guys
Tessa's accounts are hacked and all over
social media look how upset she looks
nick is trying to fix it Oh No are you
good bro are you good bro so my Twitter
this guy had my YouTube didn't cuz I
think to hack I looked at my youtube
like a Lee's numbers on where they're
supposed to be but maybe in a couple
months will hack at then they don't even
want to hack me because it you know it's
not worth their time yeah well you ever
count then I said good morning to my
BAE's
you said you're a bro are you doing
buddy oh I know I know you don't talk
let's are all you been trying to talk to
him he didn't talk well I mean I could
maybe get another Tesla I don't know
maybe you guys could just mate
I'll leave you guys in here good morning
guys good morning I know I know and then
Tessa was still hacked and lonely are
all of your accounts still hacked just
eat the pain away Tessa eat it feel so
bad for her yeah but she got a box of
doughnuts and then it was time to spice
things up a little bit
think fast Justin think fast
yo bro I think Megan 1000 should have
expected that one max think fast
my knife is really egg you silly but I'm
not an athlete
we know this you know this why do you do
this - bro I'm just trying to revive
your career Tessa
dig faster
yeah yeah oh yeah blame it all on me my
mom caught it with their left hand I'm
just saying we need a replay on that too
now you make me feel bad okay I'll help
you put log dads cleaning it dad think
better oh you guys hate me I'm sorry
time to get Nick think fast
really what yeah throne' got me you want
your little girl Nick England is my city
oh I didn't see those eggs yeah
all right we're done chill that was you
I don't know what you that was fast
we all don't look at this are you
vlogging of course a mag was a rubber
and then the moment of truth guys I've
been wanting to do this for so long and
it was time to tell everyone and see
their reactions and figure out what the
hell to do good morning good morning I
was saying good morning you guys my
parents so basically I've been thinking
about it for a while I'm about to tell
you guys what I want to do today and I
may not believe you the first time you
save just so you know okay I'm how do I
say this I want to get a dog today who's
gonna clean up the poop I'm the clean up
the poop I'm gonna eat the poop hey
what's up chance is that you did I just
hear you say no do what happened to you
it's gonna run away it's gonna get hit
by a car if I'm you anyway
it'll probably your car why did I know
that this is gonna be the exact response
that I got from you guys I want to get a
dog just don't get a little dog and I
can help you house training yeah yeah
Logan
Logan's dog like he's cute and I love
calling I mean Wong boy you can't really
do anything with him hey Meagan yeah are
you scared of me
so I want to get a dog okay I feel like
that's gonna turn into my dog yeah
maybe that's all I'm here will you
assist me and dog carrying this dog the
Jake Pollard's will love you forever
only if I get to help pick it out what
kind of dog do you want you got a dog
over here the other day it was
it was a hit guy already kind of know
what dog I want it's gonna be a dope dog
well you guys all help me take care of
it you messed up the parrot thing but I
believe in you this is looking maverick
ever these guys offer to help is just
like when a parent gets a puppy for
their kid and they have it like for two
weeks and then they forget about it I
don't even really know what kind of dog
I truly want but before we do any more
bug puppy bleep puppy business we had to
have some action going you know how we
do it every single day but roll the clip
I have the best idea Maggie Lydia
Logan's assistant is gonna fight with
your assistant bro I don't see any
gloves on Yeah right right
what put them on put them on Meghan you
got this those gloves hurt way more than
fight fight fight fight but I bring it
on hurry this I just want to say this
wasn't my idea
you still haven't moved and you people
know that wasn't enough so we had to
step it up a notch
I like that I like that roll the clip
fight fight fight
videographer it's about to be a bro okay
what are they doing get back in the ring
get back in the ring go No
Oh God anyways people sorry for all the
action and Confused this it was time to
get back to the puppy business alright
now we're back on track back to the
puppy dog stuff
t10 I need all of you right now to look
for dog go go go go go go he's looking
in England he's on the phone I got my
whole team on this now we're looking for
a dog we need the best dog there is I'm
talking the best I'm talking fast I'm
talking furry I'm talking fluffy I'm
talking sexy I'm talking wait that's not
it the poodle what day is that right the
boys do it again let's find a dog so we
got back on track with everything
everyone was banking calls everyone was
making moves everyone was wearing their
yellows we had a ton of leads on the
puppies we were looking at him we were
examining them with our little eye
glasses yo which one do we want and we
made the decision but before we go get
it we had to get supplies his kids if
you don't have supplies you dies so at
the store now I don't even know what I'm
gonna name them yet but we're gonna get
them a leash we're gonna get them food
we're gonna give them treats we're gonna
get them what else do you get dogs mom a
bowl okay I don't know what the name of
yet I think I have an idea but I don't
know
he needs a little bow tie no absolutely
not my dog is not like Logan's dog my
dog is a man animal he will eat people
Kong can wear that Kong great dog you
can have that boat my dog man destroyer
no mom put it down so we've got a ball a
leash we're trying to figure out the bed
we don't even have the dog yet but we're
going to get one just wait on it well
bed do you think that way that's a man
bed yeah yeah put it in put it in the
car put it in the car I think I came up
with a name - because it's likes
legendary status most importantly I got
the little puppy this giant bone like I
said he's a maneater
so now you're flipping all caught up to
speed and we're here in blood jar
currently still not driving water and I
still haven't told you guys what kind of
dog I'm getting I am so excited I'm
gonna explain why I get this specific
dog oh hey how you doing it's my friend
his name's Fred
there's a lot going on and it's time to
get a puppy let's do it
whoa we just got here guys I don't know
where the dog is that we're supposed to
meet me up with this guy I'm nervous I'm
nervous here we go
Jake are you good Jake I don't know if
I'm ready to be a dog owner I don't know
if I'm ready bro okay let me explain let
me explain basically guys as some of you
know I wanted to be a Navy SEAL when I
was a kid but instead vine happened and
the Navy SEALs everyone thinks that they
use German shepherds as their as their
dogs nope wrong wrong
they look like German Shepherds but
they're not German shepherds kids they
use the fastest the strongest the
smartest dogs out there in the nation in
the flippin world and since I've always
wanted to be a Navy SEAL I've always
wanted one of these dogs ever since I
was a wee little Jake Paul Jake Paul the
mirch like a mile 20 percent off no it's
not actually
sorry and so the dog that I want to get
that I'm going to get right now
hopefully if this is a good puppy is a
Belgian Malinois they're from France
France France they're from there they
look like German Shepherds but they're
not let's get a puppy guys
these dogs are so cute it's unbelievable
there's this one that keeps on coming to
me and he just wants he just looks my
ear it's this guy look at him I think
you're the one yes you look at him he
already knows how to vlog you look
directly into the camera you need a name
you ready to go to the team ten house
there's no cutie pie it's my new best
friend
what sorry ray Anthony sometimes in life
you need a companion a best friend
someone to conquer the world with you
welcome to the family soon to be named
pup you cute little bastard you we love
you I love you for many many years to
come this is the first day together love
you pup this is blood shark he's gonna
be your main transport or say hi we're
gonna the team Dennis you can meet Nick
Crumpton England is a city oh I know
right it's fast you can feel it I know
no I feel like I'm talking to myself
alright anyways
buddy welcome home you want to go inside
the team ten house he needs a bath I'm
gonna go give him a bath he smells it's
part of that he's a little bit smelly he
smells like other dogs you know get into
the trees good boy buddy
20 minutes later hi buddy watch you want
to spin you want to spin oh ok guys so
I'm gonna tell you his name this name
means a lot to me basically I wanted a
name him something that was like strong
fierce had a message behind it and was
dope all in all at the same time and
it's gonna be his Instagram name so
that's like super important right he's
gonna get the pop tags so guys his name
is Apollo welcome home
you want to come cuddle I know you don't
like the chair so guys meet Apollo he's
my favorite ever
basically Apollo is a Greek god and he's
the god of like creativity music poetry
he's the god of light and like
positivity so I'm all about like being
positive so I wanted like his name to
represent like something awesome and
something that we can all learn from
Apollo is also the god of the Sun and so
you know that Apollo's already fired so
that's my boy flippin Apollo he's
nervous still he's really nervous he
doesn't know where he is so guys I'm
gonna give him a pop tag right now the
first ever Apollo pop tag give a bunch
Apollo the k-9 guys Jake Pollard's let's
see how strong you guys are can we get
him to a million followers on Instagram
in one day I think we can right buddy
you t so guys let's welcome Apollo to
the family we're gonna get him
comfortable for the night in stop
filming you want to help me do my outro
yes okay Apollo and I are gonna go to
sleep but Jake polish thank you so much
for watching
we're gonna have so much fun with Apollo
over the next couple of weeks and months
and years and what if you haven't
already joined the official Jake Palmer
family cop yourself some merch you know
it's the hottest merch in the game the
link is in the description and
I will see you guys tomorrow because it
everyday bro please Jake Pollard's with
pop and check out this new March Oh that
marches hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time click the link make sure
you're subscribed to keep up with my
life on the daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake vol 2
which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
peace
