put in the bathroom good morning world
I'm Jake Paul and welcome to my life
yeah I sometimes sleep in my Tesla but
when I don't I sleep somewhere else
location 2 potato dome now today I woke
up a champion after winning two Teen
Choice Awards I was feeling high I was
feeling on top of the world nothing
could stop me not even distracted not
anything so I threw my assistants hat
and then I threw a lot of money in there
so welcome to my life
today is a start of a journey to Teen
Choice Awards later and I'm feeling
great let's do the race and bro dog good
morning Jake ballers are you stealing 13
Joyce Joyce I think today is going to be
a good day Plus let's do it yo earlier
this morning I went to go lift at the
gym baby you already know Fitness is the
first step to greatness who say we get
these WS by taking days off absolutely
not kids run the score up run the score
all bless hit it
ah you ready he ruined it he ruined it
back into it
oh sure you can't see it guys but it's
caught there you go yeah
he got caught on my top are you good bro
I'm going to my brother's ball no sure I
buy it don't mess with my vlog I will
shine the vlog anyways no days off
taping this is the first step to
greatness people would be like no we
reach the level of success yesterday for
Teen Choice Award clean sweet let's
sweep it No do you think that's easy
no you think I want to be here yeah
kinda I'd rather you gotta do it no you
gotta do it anyways kids back you J ah
uh yeah what is slipping do family I
lost my flask oh sorry
I'm actually really sorry uncle I'm
sorry I get you wet yeah a little bit
I'm sorry it's not so anyways today is
going to be awesome it's a Monday it's a
fun day it's a Sunday it's a Tuesday I
got my yellers on wait now you probably
like Jake what are you doing I'm like
you don't even know what I'm doing
well what I do know is that it's time to
slip into
yo yo we were getting drone shots no boy
down am i doing my thing is on the roof
guy no that's just bad right there no oh
my god is that is this still there is CP
is blue hair Oh No
give a more diverse gun no I was looking
for my March gun oh no oh my god he shot
at it he tried to take it down God tiny
my feeling I'll be like kill you bro
don't do anything dumb Dylan don't do
anything down Dylan you son of a gun
Dylan you're not a lot of live here
anymore oh yeah what are you gonna do
about it
shake that was anti-climatic oh my boy
wants to action sequence you want to ask
your sequence let me bring the black
bars down come on no it's on down to my
dealings
ah
yours
son of a gun broke my yellers but kids
sometimes in life you have to sacrifice
your stuff to defend your phone
dynamite dillings you could have a good
fight
Dylan buddy you can live here bro
you ruined my yellows of this Jesus no
that son of a gun runs my God says he
broke my yellows the yellows are broken
dear you know it's funny about all of
this
let me tell you what's funny about all
of it if you think of one forsaken
second to son he was naked savage dogs
look at these brand-new yellows hashtag
the next time you want to think up a
little a the game and Nessa baby guys
and now my boys got yellow soon I got
the Yeller double Yeller furthermore I
asked y'all and you answered 21 Jake
callers we officially have a name for my
second vehicle I did a Twitter poll and
by a close margin and when I mean close
I mean close by a close margin a 1%
victory for the name rain bro welcome to
the family rain bro don't miss like a
rain both but he's a broker
it's whatever I'm a blogger a few
moments lay down no no you broke this
thing crash net bro what are you doing
I don't understand why oh ah
stepped on my foot hi here oh yeah we
can prank everyone yo how much you did
it Dasom can you help us fix this is
like a valve in there who broke it it
was Dustin what do you say what do you
think bro are you filming this
I'm not there's like a valve
oh I love Chipotle all right why are you
and who died new is it I'm gonna take it
straight to the faces not a girl's
helmet you're gonna do it take pulp dogs
like it Michael I can't see anything
that's my boy that's my boy
Wow yeah now I'm away don't don't
we said open at the same time so vulgar
if you're near object-ball this is like
it takes three anyways well I'm gonna
I'm gonna go to transition that yeah
okay
what oh hey Megan hey Megan so we got
this package here we are about the
asteroid Logan's life not his life we're
gonna just prank them a little bit you
know it's been a while basically oh my
gosh this is looking maverick ever Wow
good job well we're gonna have to make
you
oh no that could look like maverick from
behind okay so we're going to try to
make this look like maverick sure yeah
damage is okay so we're gonna try and
make this birth look like like maverick
and I'm gonna go over to Logan's house I
already texted my mom she's in a letter
today
and I'm going to put that in sign of
loadings maverick cage take maverick out
hide him and then make him think that
his bird died it'll probably work for a
second or two maybe three seconds Erica
what do you think like your murmurs
thank you mom are you know Logan
okay I'm going to be there in five
minutes can you come let me up
yes okay love you too bye
no you're making work Megan you ruin the
mallet make it work
let's get back hey were loggers
what are we killing I have a fake
maverick and we're going to make it look
like Matt or Die you Oh this'll mean
yeah but it's a prank remember Christmas
timely your agendas like never flew away
I was hilarious maverick probably just
flew right out
do you want me to look out for him bro I
hate you very trip if anyone asks if
anyone asked you is my mom's idea okay
all right vlog moms I do it wrong I go
in there that's really cool I didn't
hide that clean your shirts no no okay
where does that happen thanks for
wearing the mark you're welcome I love
you thinking mile yo these are don't
play no maverick to break the butter
welcome I want you to break this plate I
want you to do it you guys do it for
come on let's sit that was good yeah
that's my brother
I want doodied Choice Award what I'd
ever go take it away to do it maverick
be a mobile put it into purchase America
first
it's a terrible looking maverick sort I
think we'd stick in there and look real
now it looks a lot bigger than average
well who knows what happens when birds
die maybe they get bigger Logan doesn't
know if you just judge from Ohio for
Senate like Everett
okay camera why we got that camera out
there first glance never said let's run
it just stand there I would just ruin
your bathroom Nathan blogged it pocket I
brought a clock I clogged the envelope
what you guys doing out here
ham long is average
you know this blog right there sham is
like maverick died or something pretty
terrible
ever
what's up here's it yes Ted ah ah tell
me you're hard-working for one second oh
really guys whoa I saw the pink and I
was like no honey no honey no honey no
honey this is moms in the closet in
every court unless I asked Megan to give
me a parrot and she look like Mavericks
dude she clearly means are you good
Megan you need to do more yoga here's
the mistake that was made I don't know I
don't know about that the resemblance is
just not on can bro here's what I think
happened she saw you right she looked
out of that March is that much no but it
can be much it's March she looked on to
the merch you like BAM honey to match my
ball you got it Megan are you guys you
need to do yoga let me get that joke I
just know how vlogs work never screw
this pranks would have been so much
better if it was real this isn't this
juice not luggage already my sister home
I'm gonna left yes
all right God we're gonna get on out of
here all right goodbye - goodbye look at
my car
ha ha ha good prank today yeah thanks I
was working on it or a little bit Jake
Jake Jake Paula's like choice youtuber
liked it subscribe alright bye family
thanks for betraying me guys really
really love you good job everyone Goods
up to ten we offer one last thing you
said that Logan was your favorite son
and then but then before that you said I
was your favorite son so which side are
you on
hi dad oh I got to are you good bro
oh good what did you see that with your
favorite son clickbait absolutely not an
answer don't tell me why you don't tell
me right now bro
I'm quitting YouTube straight up I agree
you will quit YouTube if you don't tell
them right now don't tell him right now
he's my biggest competition know what
else even comes close so just don't tell
him and then he's not going to say he's
gonna stop YouTube you just sent on your
favorite son no Logan is my favorite son
using you are well you know if I say
what I said how long who's your favorite
son yes I said that
who is that also who's that say I roll I
got I got both you man this one and I'm
ready to be this one at all times
who's your favorite all right yeah
goddammit put your dog down you like
this before I make another seconds again
formed like it's 400 K in one day
put him down bitch it's okay all right
we're leaving bye Jay Paul's I need a
break I need a break I'm gonna I'm going
now
I'll see you guys later oh that little
break there yeah you guys I'm so excited
to announce the winner of the
merchandise contest so guys if you
didn't know if we put a wheel on eBay
for charity the bidding got up to
$100,000 ebuddy took it down so I was
like yo screw that I'm gonna have my own
kind s and raise our own money for
charity all you had to do to enter was
to buy a piece of merchandise and of
course so the proceeds was going to the
st. Jude Children's Hospital so here is
the winner all the way from Texas Mary
galagos Mary that might be the mom's
name I don't know if you have a daughter
but Mary galagos you guys want
congratulations I'm going to be in touch
with you guys to fly you out to Los
Angeles to hang out with all of us and
you're going to get a wheel how sick is
that brow and guys you too can join the
movement cop yourself some merchandise
it's everyday bro join the Jake Paul the
family rub it hard there's home to his
family on the web and don't forget guys
that I am going to be in Hershey
Pennsylvania this weekend we already
sold 10,000 tickets can we sell out the
full venue of 12,000 I want to see all
the Jake polish there bring everyone you
know the link will be in the description
for the details and I will see you guys
tomorrow because it's every day right
Jake polish what's up and check out this
new March oh that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake fall to which
you guys can subscribe too right now and
if you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
peace
