it's just nice
oh boy
mater to me Jacob
oh yeah well messed up the intro on the
coolness of the whole entire video let's
do that again
oh man YouTube 2016 the year of
youtubers arguing and getting into
fights YouTube 2017 the year of this
YouTube 2018 the year I wanna say I
called it but uh then again I wonder
whose idea that was
there should be an influencer boxing
like League like just youtubers
Instagram people know jerk oh no was
that Jake Paul's idea I am so so so so
excited for this finally we could just
stop all the talking and all of the sub
tweets and just do get all this drama
and these these boxing matches are
legitimately feeding like 50% of
YouTube's ecosystem right now guys
you're looking at the title of this
video and you're saying Jake are you
fighting KS eyes little brother oh boy
do I have an answer for you so Deji if
you're watching this well I know you're
watching this you have Jake Palmer's
you're a fan yeah you're welcome for
that by the way I just want to say
what's up dad G thank you for liking and
subscribing my dude guys you joined the
Jake Palmer family speaking of the Jake
Pollard's guys and being the most live
family on YouTube Jake Pollard's this is
the moment we have all been waiting for
Logan and the ksi fight is confirmed
whoo
is going to be in this fight is Greg
Paul gonna fight KS is dad is keemstar
gonna fight scarce is neck rub thing
gonna fight some other dude that I don't
know is Pam Stepanek going to yo
can we get somebody please fight my mom
hamsters the list goes on and on and on
guys and this is going to be a event for
the books should I really really really
fight this kid from England
whose brother called me out on a live
television
like I had to have a heart-to-heart with
myself to decide if I want to do this
the heart-to-heart went something like
this
um oh yeah what subject you're having a
heart to heart huh yes uh breast cool
huh that's super cool yo do you want to
do this fight everyone's wondering yeah
yeah okay sighs gonna box do you want to
do this way I really want to do this
fight but I got a sitter some details
first we need to talk about it we have
to consider some details first and not
only are we gonna consider some details
but apparently we have to talk about it
here's some backstory some kid from the
UK named DJ /dg he makes a video about
me calling me the P word probably like a
hundred times
I didn't even know who this kid was he
came out of nowhere and just started
insulting me and then after that like
things just spiraled out of control like
youtubers from all across the world just
started making videos on videos on
videos or videos about this whole boxing
thing specifically desi just started
like milking this thing like a cow he's
made dozens of videos in like y'all
respect for that because every time you
put my name in your title or my
brother's name in the title you can pay
this month's rent we said it in a song
it's Idol and you can pay this month's
rent everyone's jumping on this wave
everyone wants to fight each other all
the testosterone is getting built up and
people are getting angry man they just
want to fight and so I kind of got sick
of the videos I was like yo the Jake
parlors were savages we handle things in
person I talked to dead gene I was like
yo let's meet up in person and fight per
usual these internet kids who tweet who
YouTube who make videos who talk smack
down line they don't back it up ever
kind of crazy race come you had a
similar experience with my friends Chan
theny I was whole I would be walking
downstairs and there would be no
conversation it would be straight fish
no I just don't get it man but like yo
rice come you know we're cool you know
like I respect you but the point is is
that a ton of people on the internet
nowadays and I'm sure you guys
experiences at home are just like say
stuff online but won't say it's you in
person so I want to encourage you guys
right now that if that ever happens to
you like disregard day after I met up
with Deji in person once again he
proceeds to make like 19 videos about it
which respect bro I get it however in
one of these videos he officially
challenges me to a boxing match i watch
the fight he wants to have a boxing
match in england all of that is
wonderful I just don't get the whole
boxing thing like I respect the sport
it's a great sport lot of Yatta Yatta
shot a bladder but these kids are afraid
to do an MMA fight with the pawls
because they know that we kicked their
so the natural thing to do is to turn to
boxing for this fight but he says in
that same video that he's going to train
the hardest she's ever trained in his
life for for our fight I'm telling you
right now I'm gonna train well he's
gonna train hard let's let's uh let's
tune in to a training session of his I'm
sorry but I can't even right now like yo
he doesn't know what he's getting into
man so you're probably sitting there at
home hallo yo Jake if you're laughing at
him then why don't you just why don't
you just fight him Jake that is a great
question and the answer to that question
is I yeah yeah so to finally answer your
question I am going to fight DJ
I am going to fight edgy I don't know if
this kid is joking or if he just
understands how good this is for his
business and for his career but like
he's like maybe this tall but I think
the location comes down to what we all
kind of mutually decide on I think the
best thing is to go to a neutral
location like Dubai I'm not fighting
with headgear on period like no I'm not
saying that like I'm 1,000% going to win
it's a boxing match you never know
what's gonna happen some of the best
fighters in the world will be like
messing around in the ring whatever and
get knocked out it happens literally to
the best fighters in the world
like literally everybody is beatable
people can be defeated at everything you
know besides Floyd Mayweather who is 50
and O and has never lost a match in his
life and who also happens to be my
boxing coach but Jake Pollard's you know
like this next couple of months or till
whenever the fight is it's gonna be an
interesting journey man you're gonna get
to see me fight in actual real boxing
match like that is that is pretty
intensive smash that subscribe button
join the Jake Tyler team actually though
like I'm so excited that I have this
platform that I do and it's all thanks
to you guys - Jake Pollard's and you're
a part of the everyday bro movement you
already know that we lit and yo I just
want to throw this out there but I think
that the winners of each of the fights
should fight each other no matter who
wins baby so uh yeah guys
desi good luck bro okay si good luck bro
Logan good luck bro and everyone else
good luck
you got to prepare for the biggest
YouTube event ever baby let's go can we
get this video to 100k thumbs up smash
that like button guys and I will see
y'all tomorrow because it's everyday bro
join the everyday bro movement people
and count yourself some of the hottest
urged in the game go right now because
the shake collars sell everything out
and smash that subscribe button and join
the most let YouTube channel on YouTube
I'll see y'all tomorrow
