so all you got to do Joe is under here
there's only we could start drinking
Windex how you doing today we woke up
today we smile we dabbed on them
behaviors we had a positive outlook on
life and I want you guys to do the same
there's a lot going down today we're
about to film a TV show a lot of stuff
to talk to you about we got some dares
to do we got packages in the mail the
point is guys put your vlog belts on and
get ready for today's a rollercoaster
ride if you're new here my name is Jay
Paul you guys are the dig followers but
you already know that subscribe button
join the community what I take Paul's
are sexy not only that look at you guys
in your little white little hoodies
looking like some jacket her out she's
not merged welcome to our lives and
welcome to the team penthouse
Hey oh that is the squad ten the
strongest team on you times act row
enough with the nonsense we gotta land
this foot the competition is flipped and
so am I I'm a hitter with the thing okay
okay there is very minimal trust there
no dude if you look at that in slow
motion it's a beautiful week deeper a
freaking empty and Erica but guys enough
with the nonsense you know what I'm
saying bro we got a brand new spin wheel
guys I don't know if you guys remember
who were throwing it back today is a day
of insane their experience we need to
spice things up a little bit here at the
team ten magic
we got a spin wheel you know what else
we got the Polaris beside it
no Erica get in I don't know we talked
about it but we actually broke this
thing the other day after doing a bunch
of dumb stuff
we gotta show
he did say welcome in the most little on
YouTube I'm sorry guys like I said in my
blood just like being a savage is it my
blood like I'm a savage you sure what
I'm saying yeah do you think I meant
enough with the nonsense we got a lot of
nonsense gotta get into thanks they got
me at 72% what winning against KS I know
you're not fighting him
Logan's fighting them and I'm fighting
this brother with Nandhini actually my
older brother texted me and said hey I'm
a Paul how do I get in the mix we're so
out here right now you already know
we're about to film a TV show with our
boy bad yo what have you already no
matches in the building cuz I'm out of
breath this vlog like this hard bro is
it like every day or every day every day
bro we're not twice a week No
let's take a moment for mine yeah how
long we gonna do it like three seconds
three second inning timing for that okay
there's no we love you bye you love we
love you so much I do this with all my
old vine friends Jake parlours he should
show them our old mines we gonna show
they probably haven't seen them know a
father King Rosa clip I can't I'm with
my bro while you were watching those
vines we shot a whole entire TV so shit
sure show I just have to apologize
really quick because I'm a savage you
know what I'm saying like like I do
savage things and yesterday I realized
that I got like really aggressive in my
youtube video about like the whole fight
thing I think it's because I'm so
passionate and I got savagery in my
blood right so amped up I know I got
aggressive in you saw like kind of a
different side of me and I don't
necessarily like that side of Jake but
you know I got a tons of sides the left
side I got a right side yeah you know I
got a business side hand Jake and I even
got a back side you know honestly that's
the thing I think he's gay or than Union
ya know you all oh okay the point is
guys there's a lot of sides to Jake Paul
and sometimes you're gonna see the
aggressive one especially if this fight
is going down cuz we don't take out no
holding back speaking of not taking else
Logan and I and I forgot to play this
clip but Logan and I made a $10,000 bet
during the Superbowl and like I said
baby
we don't take else so uh just watch me
take that W cuz roll the $10,000 bet
clip ten grands my respect respect I
think it's a touchdown we'll see their
final appearance the ground
bro that's what I say so put ten grand
on it
yeah sorry Logan but I you know I guess
I only take double use your what should
I buy with this money that I got $10,000
serious let's know being the savages
that we are it's time to turn things up
a notch epic truther Dale debt Dale epic
truth or dare spin wheels or throwing it
back to the good old days guys let me
read some of these to you we have a
truth we have a kiss Nick Crumpton we
have a dumpster dive we have a sprite
and banana which makes you throw up
truth run around in your underwear
another truth razor drive over which is
driving like the golf cart razor thingy
over your face jump off of roof not sure
if that one's possible but this is epic
their spin wheel thingamajiggy so that's
know we have another truth pierce your
own ear also super irresponsible and
dangerous don't do this stuff at home
know the truth
prank call a celeb lick apollo's but
icing underwear troops ride a wheelie on
the dirt bike truth and that is it guys
oh my god if that's not ethical
what is effect yo I'm not gonna lie bro
who keeps buying these things it's like
the Jumanji no and I actually just pull
Matta you a literally pull one out man
you are
Oh oh my god threw that one that one he
wants to go first
I'm looking at you he's gonna jump in
the jail he just oh my gosh
what did you even have the camera angles
yeah Justin are you good bro who's next
someone spin the wheel
I do moisturize so my skin is very soft
thank you
I'd even build a house he just live in
the dumpster spin the wheel
oh my god I don't think that's no baby I
don't think someone spin the wheel every
bad chance yo-yo I always get the jump
one break all of salafi let me figure
out who we're gonna prank oh let me see
twenty-one Savage yeah don't most of us
don't answer private call um I'm looking
for mr. butt muncher oh right a wheelie
no can you even ride a dirt bike no have
you ever written a dirt bike
no we got this
but an extranet on that one
we're done with that the bike died rest
in peace bike we got a special guest Joe
here because no other team 10 members
are here up losing sorry go for it all
right here we go not good that's not
good right razor Drive over here's what
it means so all you got to do Joe is a
leg right under here and I'm gonna drive
over you look it you can actually you
can actually do this but there's plenty
of space huh yeah whatever you guys do
don't try this at home
seriously
guys this is what life's about like not
necessarily doing dumb stuff like this
but doing the impossible when you don't
think you can do something when you're
in an uncomfortable situation
it's about still doing it bro and that's
what the merch is all about guys join
the strongest team of merch is the
hottest most lit best designed March on
the market guys dollars
Oh
yeah to their jail spinwheel welcome to
the Muslim Channel here's the engine
going right over my face
you had to trust me bro yeah oh my god
and last but not least your favorite
blonde cha or I mean although he could
be your truth truth yeah this is the
best way you do have it he has a truth
question any of your video who said that
you were in love with Ericka wait I said
that yeah yeah I feel your accident I
say roll the clip first of all in this
damn channel you only have to wear this
in public
oh yeah okay I kind of just want to wear
it I'm Erica cos tau love you well did I
just say love you oh no
yeah honey yeah so uh the world wants to
know Paul about vog dead no are you in
love with Erica I mean I'm in love with
uh I'm in love with her hair no more
games Paul please why does everyone have
to get hit um I would say I would say
I'm I'm I'm starting to honestly I feel
like I'm starting to the beginning stage
of lolling in love in the game van jo
dekha backslash shape all join the
community cuz everyone's doing it even
your mom although I'm gonna beat the out
of what's-his-name
yes I something KFC Carmody sure Dodie
short comedy short boobs that's right
bamboo learn how to become a youtuber
today chase your dream become a vlogger
go to ed fluence calm guys the car is
almost done it's gonna be right back but
I will see you guys tomorrow it's every
day bro
join the everyday Pro movement
fault and calc your self some of the
hottest urged in the game go right now
because the shake collars sell
everything out and smash that subscribe
button enjoying the most let YouTube
channel on YouTube I'll see y'all
tomorrow
yo y'all ain't seen the dick back to st.
Nick I said Jake man makes you take to
y'all that seen the Big Bang I said it
again take three I said I messed up on
purpose that time take four Pedro what
the full calm again calm again a must
but and lastly not legit I can't talk
