squad you know what's happening next
fortunately we're performing it's every
day bro next good morning Jake Pollard's
today I wake up invigorated ready for
anything ready to conquer welcome to my
life
if you're new here I'm Jake this is the
team 10 house and today we had a mighty
mighty
ahead of us today is the Teen Choice
Awards where I will be claiming my spot
as a host and a performer nominated for
two awards ready to flippin the counter
today's the day that I prove myself to
the world and take a next step in the
Hollywood educated
they think it's a game it's not a game
people
let's flip induce ah we've ruined the
good voiceover it's not going off damn
it warrants we got a big day come on
boys okay yellows transition day yeah
Tessa Brooks cover digit show uncle
Nathan let's go the Teen Choice Awards
take balls Erica are you in the shower
you thought I could win a Teen Choice
Awards without eating a bagel son the
breakfast of champions
what I do next clip my show these are
too big you know just stop practicing
for the Teen Choice worth got two
surfboards here nominated for two Teen
Choice Awards kids let me talk to you
about manifest if you want some dating
life you got to manifest it okay let me
tell you about that yeah so what i'm
doing here kids is a manifesting day i
got to surf boards because i'm gonna win
two Teen Choice Awards you think - Jake
polished a callus no we don't take else
what's an L you know what then Alice I
don't know what that is either
also if you have noticed earlier I'll
put a replay for you replay but Jovi's
are so damn big house knocking stuff off
the counter so Oh Oh didn't see you
there I'm just practicing for my Teen
Choice Awards surfboard mine
two set points two Teen Choice Award am
i right let me talk to you about goals
kids if you set goals for yourself Wow
are you even lift
Oh Lords all right well we're sorry
JP are you guys silly saw so if you want
to win not to get your laps in are you
silly
Wow I'm gonna send it hit this are 2 1 2
1 2 1 2 2 1
chase your dreams kids oh my gosh girl
oh my gosh are you getting ready for
that tasty Hey look at that what are
those looks like ice cream cone in your
hair girl hi Jake while we're getting
ready for the pink dress what I want to
look sexy no one looks sexy I got
outfits right here look at that look at
that boom boom boom and I also have a
custom jacket check it oh yeah look at
this bro it's like the team tan jacket
but it says Jay Paul it's blue to match
the Teen Choice Awards theme you already
know less yeah yeah yeah Oh Nicki oh boy
is gonna be looking sexy on stage
England is is it a rabbit he's right so
the Martinez wins are here and Chad is
gonna play the Martinez twins on stage
here I put it for your face Martinez
twins are here in spirit
ah on the way there uh we got a we got
the whole squad we got a freshmen in the
back and then Chad was like telling me
this story so yeah a lot of my friends
on the other story but when I was a kid
I was homeless from the age of 5 to 12
it wasn't cuz my mom and dad were drug
addicts or alcoholics or anything like
that they just lost everything they had
and when I was a kid my favorite award
show to ever watch was a Teen Choice
Awards and I'll never forget this one
time when I was about 7 years old
we used to sleep in our car and I
watched the Teen Choice Awards from
outside of the car on this TV
never would I ever think that I would be
at the Teen Choice Awards with my best
friend's performing it's insane I love
you so much man it's insane chase your
dreams kids
anything is possible that was deep
thanks man love you
no no stephanie is back oh my god
look beautiful your favorite son forgot
all my clothes and with the power of
Erika I know are you gonna cry mom come
on stop bogging we have to go I also
forgot that it's a blue carpet my mom is
famous my mom is famous she's in the
family have you heard of the family
she's grown up she's blown up
she's back from the blue carpet guys is
now time for me to go host I'm gonna put
on something a little - girl outfit
change
hashtag goals hashtag Y Martinez guys
how are you doing I love you so we're
backstage there's a ton going on I'm
hosting stuff I'm running around we're
about to perform in a little bit but the
most important thing is that the take
well is that you mom you're about to go
on TV you know team tens chillin back
here guys look at this Lincoln bio even
at the show I'm plugging hard
alright ray are you good ray oh my god
yo ray turned into a zombie snap out of
it
snap out of it bro yo why'd you snap me
you were plugging too hard you turned
into a zombie I think I'm gonna wear the
backpack on stage every day bro backpack
you got a plug
my mom's must be a TV
squad you know what's happening next
fortunately we're performing it's every
day bro next don't keep down bring it in
we're gonna bring them I don't know if I
have one mighty choice of words yet they
look
don't forget and it's everyday bro when
I wait up
they don't want to see us winning let's
hit it
we made the song in theology it's
everything
yeah
and I judge how something works and it
music going run just react game on
I cannot be outdone Jay Paul is number
one
yes I can
like a group
all these million where were you
hey Tommy back in West bikini the
kitchen stretch ticky me to the top
Tommy really popping
number one and number four that's why
these fans all had a Doris know me get
this so we are going be left o spot now
the trio's all miss Newton we back again
I was first
nevertheless
my visa
it's everyday bro it's everyday
yes melded section below
tofu is that your boys
and they asked me what I'll make us say
this every six years oaks always look
where they can't write on and I will see
you to morrow because it's every day
you chose me out
y'all we just got done before it was too
lit they don't want to see us winning
maybe
this is insane guys thank you so much
the power of the Jake parlors is every
single one of you guys the past few
months under the quite a bit and I have
to be more mindful of my actions and
words and how they impact others it's
been a crazy journey and I was just like
thank each and every one of you
sincerely got my heart this award means
so much next step for me is to forget
all the bad press dominating the beat
and it will be the best version of
myself
how much we got the vlog sorry guys we
wanted to take Polish we want both
awards that we were nominated for oh
you're gonna arrest me no I was like
wait thank you so much you did a great
job
oh my gosh the strongest family out
there when I say that I mean that like
it's so true you guys are incredible
getting better every single day bro
we've gone through a lot we're just
getting started and I want to say thank
you to each and every one of you that
supports me every single day on this
crazy journey to Teen Choice Awards like
I owe it all to you guys like I would be
nothing without you and team ten and the
people behind the scenes that make this
happen on a day-to-day basis it's not
just me it's Nick it's Jack it's the
bitch let's meet you oh is that what you
said the surprise was we did it oh yay
we're backstage now guys minutes
seriously like just setting in like that
I just won those two awards Lily this
morning obviously like we were messing
around but it's not a joke they chase
your dreams manifest your goals believe
you're gonna do something and you will
do it and I just want to say thank you
guys again so much my boy ray we're
gonna send a birthday every check out
the venue
Ohio is out here running the game I'm in
here I'm watching you on the screen with
Logan you're both winning crazy fool
just tear it up they don't want to see
us right and the leaders choice web star
I think Logan's nominated Logan
Pollard's never lose I told y'all to get
your boobs out the father's not a clean
sweep baby four four four get your
brooms out we're sweeping him up he's
giving a speech subscribe run it up
Congrats Logan it's crazy out here we're
just kids from Ohio what are we doing
he's from Michigan he doesn't even know
he's doing what are you doing he doesn't
even know what he's doing we're just
doing it bro it's everyday it's every
year oh four four four
we want week we cleaned up is that does
anyone ever grew out of yeah yo does
anyone have a broom have a broom I don't
think they have a broom I don't think it
have a groom my boy wants to find a
broom Logan we did it
I need a frickin broom bro you want to
twist youtuber choice music star I want
choices comedy web star and choice male
web star cuz I'm a male and I do web
star comedy the logging polish never
lose
real talk we are you're changing the
game where's this damn brew we got a
broom
we it's real people the boys win again
yes a TSA PreCheck their yarn at a city
on earth it's a photo shoot
on stage we just mobbed up there to take
illegal pictures Instagram magic
mythology so you're gonna see it I found
a Jake parlor he's got the merch on oh
my gosh whoa yo ho my girl has yellers
oh my gosh what color are those what you
don't understand how legendary you are
you've got perps on Jay he knows my name
I got a new friend say hi what's your
name
are you a koala no his name's Jack
there's just dinner now guys attention
we should do a cheers to the family to
the squad much success or life why
everything more chilling for your head
top is your big day it's my big day to
you poke this out mom it was lit I went
to Costco to build a baby yeah yeah what
but we're not told you I want to give a
shout-out to my future son Jax Jax if
you're watching this I love you that's
gonna be your name is come gay boys one
from Jake possible son yeah I took his
name
hey Los Angeles oh no those jackets are
nice the link is in the mile yeah that's
it really sure but I double back at the
team ten house guys
today was absolutely incredible
join the Jake Paulo movement don't
forget about the merchandise challenge
guys you have only like 36 hours left
all you have to do is cap a piece of
March to be entered into the contest 20%
of the proceeds are going to the st.
Jude Children's Hospital we're gonna
help out some kids and I'm picking one
of you guys to fly out Los Angeles hang
out with me and the rest of team ten for
a whole entire day and you also get the
signed wheel that we try to put on eBay
but for real guys it's every day bro
it's a movement you guys are all part of
it we're just getting started
let's hit 12 million subscribers in 12
months join the family I'm flippin
exhausted bro but you got a grind and I
will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bro I was I mess it up Jake
Pollard's with pop and check out this
new March that merch is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
check it see you guys tomorrow peace
