here we are so the moment has finals it
looks it looks way different oh oh
good morning Jake Pollard's what is
going on people today was absolutely
incredible
another day another dollar you know how
we do it run it up allow me to narrate
today for you but before I do that I
want to make sure you guys are smiling I
want to make sure you're working hard or
make sure you Devon on them haters I'm
going to slip and do that thing so
perfectly I woke up this morning and
this is one of the craziest morning all
we've had yet on this channel
rosalie boys knock knock
no boys wake up it's time for your main
evening don't think I don't like this
let's hit the weight room I'm talking
about games I'm talking about protein
I'm talking about are you down oh you
little bitch are you down going once
going twice and we have two bitches boys
let me talk to you about dedication the
Jake ballers have been going 300
something not days now you cockroaches
now get up and get motivated come on
what are you gonna do with your life
today I'm talking about adding I'm
talking about we need to enter Oh My
Damn Jimmy
show me the break the TV oh boy I'm
talking about coming a legend becoming a
mogul come on you iceage squirrel
looking teenage adolescent boy you look
like the dance quote from Ice Age if you
all ain't going with me I'm taking this
TV with me mm-hmm
going once who are you bitch well
boy I'm talking about game if you're
going with me I told you I'm going for
the TV Jay Farner good morning actually
though in all seriousness all that TV
was already broken I don't want you
looks like TVs coming with me does him
I'm talking about games TV are you ready
all right boys have on being a my Joey
who's Turk we're going to the ship Wow I
think I broke the wall
good morning on the lesson I'm talking
about games oh no no it's gonna all been
avoided if you guys went to the gym oh
no no no don't do that
oh my god let's go to the gym ah there
we go
how here with the boys fitness is the
first step to great initial ruling over
first oh hey life babies they are really
greedy I want the game right now but I
know it's worth it
worked in a gotta go so after the
workout guys I had to stop by my bro's
place because uh my family betrayed me
ever since I finally switched up on me
and Jake Pollard's they're all inside
here remember the good old days really
good old days
now don't shine a hug be a brother he
passes me in subscribers and all of you
have to sleep here now I know what is
this huh can we all just love each other
love each other
I wanted to surprise you no you didn't
you'd even tell me you were coming what
the hell please go hi Wang Wang is
average one is average everybody hi Chad
Wang your question yeah I'm a blogger
Trey hold on alright what are you doing
here I just wanted to see my family bro
come in and you call my dog names that
our head and you throw my merch and you
what are you doing that's my jacket I
love you Jake that's what I'm saying
that's my motorcycle jacket I crashed in
that one roll the clip I know I trying
to surprise you I love you Jake I love
you too dad you're my favorite son haha
at least he admitted you're still you're
still not able to admit it on camera
come on dad daddy
come on get a date with your real son
that's right also take off it works
Sanjoy Cole backslash Jake Paul that's
the real right there so many one time to
go on the moon alright people so we are
on the move right no no you already know
I'm vlogging in I'm driving what I do
guys right now we're on our way to West
Coast Customs yes you are right my RS is
finally done I can't believe it are you
vlogging right now oh my god no no I'm
just holding a camp oh don't go to
stores I don't block in block we have to
get up go oh well good but sometimes if
one Chuck wants to drive that's why I'm
glad I'm driving I go
I'm going to get my RS guys if you
remember before it looked like this and
now we're going to go see what it looks
like now
I think West Coast Customs like did so
much stuff to a traffic did all these
parts I haven't seen it yet so it's
going to be a huge surprise
unless Flippa doing here we are
so the moment has finals it looks it
looks way different oh yeah yeah no no
gotta fight dealing young no don't kill
me
this is a brick I was like no what are
those how'd you escape off of the roof
there's a trampling I may have left a
hole in it but I was able to jump there
well you have the real one your real dad
you can have that one I want this one
you can have that no oh my god I can't
eat it
I can't even what the test lock was like
here this is like up there oh my god
look at the wing it's gonna fly oh you
are playing dude I'm literally dead at
Jay Paul Paul managed through the rally
race wheels this is the coolest car in
the world I missed you so much
rs I missed it no way the pink Ford's
are you vlogging that you're saying do
sports car around Jesus save us what's
the actual clip ins look at the holy
couple of aluminum it's got two wings
it's not one and two it's literally
going to fly Jake Wohlers you're going
to see me driving from literally miles
away this is the coolest thing in the
world look at the wide body kit oh my
god nobody or guaranteed recognize this
car like not going to get economist dude
no one's gonna see us coming Henry mo
walking out on this side dealing now it
matches your hair bro
is it Dylan or is it the RS he please
not put any firecrackers in this though
I'm not making any harsh literally like
an all throat like I don't even know I'm
not taking the dirt though guys the
craziest thing about this is the
inspiration for this car where we were
like coming up with this idea I was like
what do I want to do for it and I don't
know if you remember but chance and
Anthony pranked me they put like tons of
post-it notes on my car you know what
I'm gonna do what I'm a challenge st
wrap Oh in this video right st rep we're
at my car like this and I was like no
but turn that into a rap son and we did
it I'm blown away look at the beauty the
wide body kit ah a bloodshot I'm sorry
buddy I know I'm sorry um I don't know
his name yet but it's just please don't
be mad no buddy buddy no he can't talk I
mean your attention your test I know I
can only talk to you but I know I love
you I love you yeah we'll probably have
to share the garage but I mean you got
to be a good brother and welcome him
into the family okay let's check we'll
work through this but you can't leave me
I live on your roof you open the trunk I
mean I need to I can't walk oh my gosh
dynamite Dylan get in bro come on now
okay don't let anything back in here we
go
are way too much about working in a a be
tricky to Niraj to go for
my opponent y'all can you like oh my god
it bluefin is a whippersnapper if you
thought it would get cooler it just it
dude look at the wing on the back this
carbon fiber you think it's a game bro
it's not a game blood shark and I don't
know we need a name I'm thinking Froot
Loops skittle comment what you think we
should call it good morning hi I like
your dress thank you Oh awesome
your car sounds my dad's I got only my
car
yeah that's where I got was worth the
wait
it's got a hazard Dodger flag on perdido
valve alright guys don't have too much
fun without us in here don't mate okay
I'm so excited about my car like it is
truly incredible we're still trying to
think of his name I don't know maybe you
guys comment what you guys think I
should name it and also I want to remind
you guys about the iPhone giveaway all
you guys have to do is subscribe to my
youtube channel smash that subscribe
button right now for the chance to win
an iPhone and follow me on instagram at
Jake's wall between the Jake polish be
the first ever people to hit 12 million
subscribers in 12 months I think we can
do it yes we got it smash that subscribe
button and the next part of the day it
was on the to go look at the most
expensive house in the United States
yeah roll pulse what is poppin arm so
I'm like pulling up here to apparently
it's like the biggest house in Los
Angeles it's two hundred and fifty
million dollars and there's like thirty
million dollars of cars inside a
helicopter we're going to go on a tour
of it so that you guys can see what it's
like out here in Los Angeles with these
like ginormous houses
alright guys check this out
next level everything and we picked up
freshmen Europe I'm here now yo look at
apparently these cars come with the
house shake polish do not lie me talk
but I'm speaking it that's the most
expensive sink in the world like I said
I'm a team tomorrow alchemy yo guys look
at this house illegally vlogging is that
a thumbnail right there is that a
thumbnail I don't know it might be
routine 10 house done them we take notes
design your legally vlog everything it's
got a flippin helicopter on top of the
house and that's also a Bugatti oh my
god
cool bowling alley the house comes with
like thirty million dollars worth of
cars I got away with it's like a
recording some of the guys don't report
as much as I can't take callers thank
you so much for watching check out the
hot new March you already know 20% of
the proceeds are going to charity for
the next three days the st. Jude
Children's Hospital needs our help
we're raising a ton of money already
guys let's keep on going join the
movement get better every single day
smile every single day wear your merch
every single day rut the family and dab
on them flippin haters and I will see
you guys tomorrow
mmm-hmm cuz it's every day bro take
pollers wet stop and check out this new
March oh that March is hot boy new items
of merchandise limited time click the
link make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake vol 2
which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
