I didn't have this conversation for a
while yes yes yes good morning Jake
ballers what is going on party people
hashtag damn am i right you already know
today is about to be awesome
you guys are for us and what and I got
my yellers on you already know it's
about to be a good day let me narrate it
for you okay party people so this
morning I started off doing a
close-fitting
because I'm Hollywood and I want to be a
active role I want to be a big actor bro
I gotta do that party people come on I
got my flippin yellers on but dribblers
you already know that the Teen Choice
Awards are this Sunday it's going to be
a big day and I'm nominated for two Teen
Choice Awards and I'm like hosting part
of it I'm performing I think I don't
even know what's going down but
basically I gotta look sexy so I have
Morgan and team here if you guys are
going to help me pick out an outfit
right do you like these the yellers you
love those
shut the shy wear that on stage okay oh
no it's a fashion statement kids get
with it or get lost
Red Sox yellow glasses what you know
about that when seconds lay down am i
sexy yet no okay
a few inches later I'm - yeah I'm doing
I'm sorry I'm I like doughnuts Dunkin
Donuts especially over 24 hours that was
now free brand deal eventually oh how
about this one
oh you hear hello sexy oh no oh my god
yeah whatever and then I basically I had
to check in with my boy Nick Nick yeah
I'm still tired though you haven't moved
oh you
a bra do you want a bagel or something
right here
okay I also got these for you and I got
you those napkins I got you this battery
- yeah yeah like I said you haven't
moved yeah I'm starting to worry about
you dude but that's not even why I came
over you I came over here because I came
over here because um he's coming
Internet anyway I came over here because
came over if all the reason why I came
over here was because I do you have that
why do you have that nice you have a
nice people like you Oh
anyways I'll do it oh you can't be
broken
happy what did you come over here bill
well currently like about to be homeless
so just have we found a house yet I want
to keep you all on your toes so maybe
maybe no I don't know homeless yeah so
fucking but why are you wearing that
Oh slug my mom got to Los Angeles my mom
was coming
Wow hey hey wait no that's not my mom yo
yo my mom mom where are you
who's work whose we mom who were that
what seems a little fishy Pam are you
with my brother
no why would I be yeah I asked the same
thing so I'm a biopsy a little bit hi
how are you I love you mom did you miss
me I can't my gosh you ever met this
time that I got you I mean toner oh this
is my wife Erica
while you of the bracelet I got YouTube
where's the bracelet that loaded about
you it's in my suitcase
your face looks much better in person
like sometimes I look on camera and like
any business it's good products and
stuff your face is better if I wear the
yellow you think I would be blogging oh
my god no don't blog mom no my mom is a
vlogger guy I know you guys know this
have you seen my car though no look at
my car look at all blah you're scaring
that poor guy in there sorry
bloodshot trying to talk to you you want
to go in there you're gonna yell at me
oh no you just talk to use you like it I
know that's my mom blood sorry I let
shark she wants to see your doors open
can you do it thanks buddy
see you just have to talk to him you
have to be nice you want to go fast
sure oh damn extra hard people who were
just getting started for today I want to
remind you that 20% of the merch sales
right now are going to the st. Jude's
Children's Hospital and if you guys buy
a piece of merch in the next four days
you're gonna have a chance to win a
wheel that is signed by all of us and
one of you is gonna get flown out to Los
Angeles to hang out with us which is not
to be so lit guys and I'm gonna be face
time in ten of you so the big contest
all you have to do to enter is cop a
piece of March 20% is going to charity
let's do good people but then I had to
get my mom initiated to the team ten
house you know how he doing okay
welcome to the team J now you gotta get
you initiated may have to prank someone
right now
oh hi Eleazar long we're going down do
you have some glass thank you yeah get
them off okay
okay our ready I'm going to dump water
on that room you're going to dump flour
on them okay okay joining giuliana to
the juice cleanse what what an ting is
on the trampoline I'm going to double on
Adam and I was gonna put flour on after
your mom's blown up I know you know
overtake you on this yeah thanks or so
yeah owner this will be there just in a
while or energy needs to go up toner
like
yeah no dog on the floor don't go in the
pool just gotta clean no my five miles
was double-teamed athleticism bro you
can't catch me sleepin oh you want it
you want to turn this into something
good you don't oh no put me down but we
don't take accepted not the element oh
my god what's wrong my fuck I'm good bro
you just wanna lay on the floor that
cool and we're going to learn some new
news that we got new chairs at the team
penthouse oh boy are you mad already man
they have any min be destroyed yet yo so
we got new chairs as a penthouse it is a
miracle I am flipping excited look at
this look at these chairs we got them
all ballin out because we broke all the
other one looks like oh we got another
wheel we got another wheel eBay hey what
are you our thousand dollars ago well
you can destroy that chair just not
anywhere the new ones no we're not
I'm not taking you with me now Mantha
nee Mantha so would you date him could
we talk about how bad we suck at life's
to being an adult is not easy kids let
me tell you how hard and very good beer
ever goes
so basically we're supposed to get our
motorcycles license today which meant
that we would have gotten motorcycles
and been doing wheelies and Anthony
messed up our pay for last certification
majiggy yeah yeah yeah and I was going
to buy you guys motorcycles too
that was the worst part about it they
didn't know that part I wasn't gonna buy
the motorcycle
magnin Anthony I think chanting knees
curse broke no we can't go because being
adult hard we launched and loses the
debit card every Jesus I really respect
your hands efforts in building this
year's oh sorry I tend to be distracting
I don't want us to have new chips I like
to break them I literally don't think
the vlog has been not quiet in history
of vlogging sometimes Justin you have to
find your inner peace oh I know
Wow
also sometimes you have to find your
inner peace hey Tanya where'd you go
what would you do today
nothing I just saw me doing something
cool oh yeah oh well if you want to do
something just hit me up so I'll just
wait until the next time you come you
have my phone number sexy so guys I was
hanging out and I had some stuff to get
off of my chest
pay attention I gotta get this off my
chest I'm gonna let it out let it guys
I don't normally uh what's the word talk
back to the hate post on YouTube or
Instagram or anything I normally don't
acknowledge this stuff because it you
shouldn't care about the haters the
haters only make you bigger but
sometimes when you have too much fire to
come back with you have it and you've
got to come back with it just to preface
this I don't mean they're like Target or
single out anyone or start any drama but
there's two sides every story and
recently I've been seeing a lot of like
road to ten million subscriber account
Logan versus Jake Paul I've been seeing
a lot of like Jake Paul subscriber count
versus other people's subscriber count
Jake Paul vs. this are youtubers
people's flippin subscriber count and
I'm over here like yo enough with this
stop comparing me to these other
individuals the reason why is because
I'm more than just me I'm a team we're a
team oh this is team 10 who the fuck are
you yeah
max max max go baby
yeah keep ten okay and so guys and we're
starting to really piss me off could you
know that I don't take out ever people I
earn your subscribers logan past you and
subscribers yo that's dope
Logan congratulations broke you're doing
really good but here's the thing they'll
get Compton up in yes the Jane ballers
never take Elle's Albert
Logan might have passed me in
subscribers what together we are
unstoppable and a lot of people forget
Oh max you got the yellow zone what's up
there guys
Jason got a sec okay all leading up I'd
be doing it let's be a guys guys
together everyone achieves more and so I
wanted to have this built to show the
real numbers and the real truth that is
out there being a maverick is dope like
Logan you're maverick that's great but
I'm a flippin mogul though can you know
what moguls do on what it means moguls
create power wealth and abundance above
themselves they're not just individual
their company there are hundreds of
thousands of people all eyes by one a
mogul dollar a woman and this is an
empire so Jay Polar's when you're
talking about how low game is gonna get
to ten million I just go like this
what are those gets to collectively oh
we can't stop and then guys I was like
yo who's the biggest like who's the
biggest group of people on the internet
car - the Kardashian all right everyone
knows that hundreds of millions of
followers but yo yo yo yo I was like yo
let's check out their monthly gross I
think we're going to pass them one day
let me put our monthly gross
side-by-side okay Kardashian's monthly
growth 3.8 million team ten monthly girl
thirteen point so when you come up in
here with these subscriber counts and
this boss I can't be having and
sometimes I gotta shine shots back
shots fire dog don't come up in here
with these solo dolo missions that's not
how you take over the world kids build a
team together everyone achieves more so
get with the best team you know we don't
take out no so please shut up that's all
I have spike wake up people team 10 in
this also I don't see Logan performing
any of his songs it's enjoy Oh are we
supposed to leak that Joe ain't
performing my song at the Teen Choice
Awards literally if you surround
yourself with the right team in the
right people around you you guys are
going to achieve more than anybody else
whether people know it or not so boom
hopefully that changed your way of
thinking I love your energy Matt really
like this I'm gonna do one more time oh
okay oh wow scene 10 we're just getting
started that felt good to get off of my
chest guys I don't know why just like I
was bothering me and when something
bothers you it's good to get it off and
talk about it invent learn as a lesson
kids but then I was chilling my boy
Thomas asked me to cut his hair I don't
know why but I flippin killed it it's
every day bro cuts like and subscribe so
guys yes as you've heard just there
Thomas asked me to cut his flippin hair
why would you trust me to cut your hair
well I'm gonna do my best
should I cut it off
bro okay I just finished Thomas besides
me cutting at the back of his neck and a
couple of times I think I did a good job
yo like that's not that it's good a fact
of it isn't the best that you have no
room to talk
whoa what is that it's a mouth - head
pointing out right so sexy watch watch
all sexy ray is ready just think of the
game justice okay what let me do that
same thing - you ready look in the
mirror bro it's not bad at all by any
means and I faded it yo it's every day
bro cut I'm gonna make a barbershop are
you coming I'll cut you up let's do it
take the barber whipping and flipping
you already know how I do it guys and I
want to remind you about the iPhone
giveaway all you guys have to do is
smash that subscribe button and follow
me on instagram at Jake Paul during the
strongest family on YouTube 12 million
subscribers in 12 months 10 we'd be the
first people ever to do it but then I
wanted to give you guys an update you
guys together sign emerge early plunge
life update really fast let me tell you
what is going on I was scrolling through
Instagram and all of a sudden I see my
dad post a video at the airport and he's
like saying about how he's coming to Los
Angeles what is it that no oh my god yo
no night of my killing so what are you
doing yo go get us go get a soda
he broke our trampoline music speed use
your abs ray what's up yo yo you gotta
clean it come on quickly what are you
doing bro I live here you live here I
like for like past week you live on a
roof yet bro you want a whole ocean
baleen dude dynamite Dylan your Sabbath
he's got fireworks for days you eat
these I'm a king that stay there cover
the floor you saw my merch I kind of use
it for blanket because I got like this
aren't you wearing the merch - latisha
we have to capture it I think you know
get back here oh he's fast yeah
oh my god get the head out Dylan just
talk to me
Hawaii my yellow see this clear can I
stay up just up here you want to stay
here we're your parents bro they were
over there when I talked me off but they
haven't come back what is that shirt
200a why would you go tomorrow would you
wear the lowness wake you come back to
me come back to stay here but if you're
going to be at the team tent house you
gotta wear that much you also got to
make content okay just stay up here
though oh I'm scared of them go guys go
go go go my boy is crazy he's crazy I
don't know but um and then I'm The
Karate Kid himself showed up god dammit
Logan what are you doing at this house
bro I honestly don't know him I dunno I
got a jackfruit what is that
so you came to my house to cut it Kevin
look look look it's not just a regular
cut yeah his name's Jake - no his name's
John what's your real name is John here
you guys can't just come to my house to
cut fruit when you want not ask for
permission I feel like going down oh no
no we're good we're in the news well I
will drop the third verse if you cut a
single fruit a mouse oh I'm joking I'm
joking on the shuttle afraid you want
standing in the nude I kissed my brother
that ain't happening in the news where
was y'all at Wayne I was kissing my
brother Shannon on the ball brothers
look each other's nipples where were
y'all that when Teletubbies got canceled
where was y'all at when they renamed the
jackfruit to the J Crew
where were y'all at when touching
buttholes was a cool thing that ain't
what I'm gonna go talk to my mom I don't
know if you watched my book I give like
subtle like J gross so like just there's
like a startled okay I better zeroes all
Logan is going to get to ten million I
just go like this what are those there's
prevent if I wouldn't have put this
segment in here you probably would have
reacted to it
no you probably won't if you react to it
then you're my son that makes this
biologically so much negativity really
makes me wonder that ain't in the news
title and that what happened I off to
the blog I was like Yelp is what I said
and said team tena has like more flowers
and he's like Oh bro I have like 40
million followers total bro that's great
we have double that our follow teaming
include Facebook snapchat music
lyrically it doesn't even include that
that following account was only Twitter
Instagram and YouTube consider he's like
pissed like trying to calculate all of
these numbers I was like bro you just
accept that you took them out and he's
like no we're going to do a real man
knows how lose bro Logan you passed me
on YouTube but this is team 10 bitch who
the hell up flipping you it's okay Logan
I still love you but sometimes grow you
just gotta let your younger brother win
and accept that I'm a winner and accept
that we are each other's biggest
competitions and that's what's great
because with that we can own the world
I love you brother flew at 502 the last
clip we took of them Logan look and then
it was time to break Erica are you ready
to prank Erica I've been wanting to do
this for so long
you're going to go on tour and she's
over there here and that yo-yo We Need
to Talk click let's go into your room I
want to talk to you about like you and
Jake and just like we had a serious
conversation right there about how you
don't want us to be you don't want her
to be my wife anymore and that she
doesn't support you and that you don't
really like her okay here's the keeper
shame that's gonna be her there's a lot
yeah so long suckers and Psychopaths
yeah
but I don't need to have this
conversation for a while now why
really please you're great I don't think
you're that great for Jade and I really
don't think there should be a chair I
don't think I should be married and I'm
not even sure I'm not in price no no no
because there is alliances okay I don't
want Jake to be sort of controlled by a
woman that's not how I rate them I just
don't I don't really like it all right
and I think there's too much kissing too
much fondling and all that and then just
think it makes Jake look bad
a he taught you to say that sir no
comment from for hit everything back to
me
I just don't think it's really good to
be that serious I just don't think
you're good for
I'm sorry to say that you know I respond
at first and the key thing for same
thing or good I don't know I I just
wanted to tell you for my sampling
somebody felt it so brag yours has a
yellow score is it really like this
bitch Oh fragile old hag Burnham slut at
leaves like Maggie to the ground
Oh
Oh Oh calm down bro oh my god what the
hell
what are we just witnessed did you see
what just happened he didn't see it only
we saw I think they like each other like
you Jake ah Thank You Jake and thank you
guys so much for watching make sure
you're always reppin the merch join the
Jake Polar family get better every
single day bro work hard chase your
dreams keep on smiling you guys are
beautiful people and we seriously us
together have the power to change the
world thank you damn it and guys don't
forget that I'm going to be in
Philadelphia and in Pennsylvania August
19th and 20th if you want the info for
that the link is in the description come
and see me come watch me perform song
baby and I will see you guys tomorrow
because it's everyday bro peace sorry
I'm gonna get my camera Jake Pollard's
what's poppin check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
