that's what I'm talking about that's
what it's every day bro is about
becoming better pushing yourself outside
their comfort zones oh my gosh
good morning Jake brothers I am on top
of a crane right now in Maastricht Oh
Robbie's Christian they're about to flip
and jump off down onto the ground it is
absolutely crazy up here I hope you
having a good day I hope you're smiling
I hope you're working hard look at the
sketchiness level of this guy's let me
explain the story on how we got here
this is absolutely absurd last night I
picked up Tristan and we started to
drive to San Diego Hey Thank You Jake oh
yeah guys so I just got to Tristan's
house just doesn't know what we're doing
I'm gonna surprise him tomorrow or today
hey you're watching this today sorry
guys and it's about to be let me tell
you y'okay loser where we going we're
going to San Diego let's arch strikes
again Oh house lit is that my March yeah
I'm rocking all the mers Lincoln bye oh
oh even this shirt that's my boy Trista
he's a flipping Savage oh let's go to
San Diego
yo yo slow Oh
this is the dopest road trip that me up
there oh no we're so all your lunch are
driving himself go buddy go conquer the
road blood sharks don't block a drive
kid unless you have a blackjack and now
kiss I will demonstrate to you all the
things that you can do with a
self-driving car number one not drive
number to text and drive don't do that
kids let's give ourselves every Karzai's
number three stick your head out of the
window it time oh my god number four you
can sleep and drive number five you can
dab and drive number six you can stretch
in July we were all to San Diego at
night and it was and then we had to get
up at 5:30 in the morning and then we
met up with the squad hashtag squad
goals am i right
good morning news morning dude it's 5:30
a.m. are you tired
good morning Jake polished oh we are
exhausted it's so early in the morning
right now what are we doing do you have
any idea of what we're doing today all
you said was yeah Justin you want to go
to Mexico and I'm like okay he still has
no idea let's do that bag and then I
found out that I had terrible news I did
something really really dumb guys oh my
god no no Jake no no no no Jake
Pollard's I like forgot all my camera
equipment and batteries Oh flip oh yeah
that's bad what percentage of my ass 80%
oh no chief legit forgot all my camera
equipment and batteries back in Los
Angeles no no no you got batteries hey
did they would have batteries hello
hello you got batteries hello trishing
they have any batteries up there
okay any batteries anywhere hey you got
batteries where's down from there
you got batteries get off the property
you don't have batteries
battery you guys have batteries Mexico
here we go guys that's the border right
there
United States Mexico we made it we made
it mom you're about to jump off of that
probably gonna jump off of the crane oh
my god okay guys so uh we have to get to
the top of this thing with the crane
Robbie right now you're gonna go talk to
that security guard right there to see
if we can actually do this and we're
gonna hopefully climb all the way to the
top and then he's going to fly off of
this thing and parachute this is
next-level
boy story time Robbie's in there right
now he's trying to talk to the guard
he's like yo I've jumped off this crane
before grab he's trying to finesse this
he has to be so low-key about baseball
where it were no schools ghost girl are
you a Jake Paula
no we're climbing all the way up this
you're landing right there he's landing
it you're landing in mid-water what are
you guys thinking guys we're not
thinking don't think and the climb
begins this is insane look at this bro
we have so much longer to go savagery
level hi look at how much this is
shaking Jake cause this is so dangerous
Justin a gun take Polish the files out
of the way oh my gosh we're legit on top
of Mexico look at this this is
next-level kids and then guys it was
time for the first stunt of the day
crane jumping literally jumping off of
cranes surprise emerge get it no drugs
emerge gun tristin's up a bit so here we
are you guys are now all caught up the
speeds they're literally about to jump
off the end of this guy's
this is a joke look at this hole we go
all the way down this is absolutely I
probably should be filming big ballers
I don't know what you're seeing right
now but you're on my neck this is not a
joke there's currently no more support
systems I'm scared this is what you got
to push yourself outside your comfort
zone every day bro let's go Jake ballers
made it to the end you got to let a
little bit kids just end are you doing
good
okay yeah you do that go what are you
doing Ravi people JIT you're just going
to send it you just come up up and sign
that there can't even tell fall that is
just use the building for reference oh
my gosh he do it
look at that landing beach landing
ladies he's single now they were on a
beach what's up feeling like you better
do something really dumb yeah I get that
a lot actually funnier that's my boy no
oh my god please get back you on the
water
yeah what a beast yeah let's go mash the
cow how are we getting done oh yeah
right what are we doing right now
can't leave Mexico now giving up the
marsh kids
Lincoln buy out get yourself some
urchins
that's how high we were I would have
died guys how was it that was amazing it
was good oh you're Jake baller now yeah
see you see Jake baller everyone joining
the family like it subscribe yeah
and now for the next part of the day
party people it's time to turn into the
right brother look at this what is this
contraption Mexico I love you we are
about to fly in this thing did you build
this is it fly
is it safe it doesn't look safe it looks
like your uh your propeller here is a
little broken just pointing that out no
worries I got my yellow yeah it is good
that's a guy down hold it for me you
went up
I've been known to beat you got it yeah
I don't got it
you guys know the Martinez ranch no I
think they know the Martinez twins just
saying okay this is the runway I don't
know what's going on my man
oh yeah
Oh boys - yes okay I'm ready
I love you grant you're doing good huh
okay remember you better screw to verify
chest and take ballers this is so insane
I got my yellers on hashtag ally
while in the combat way
yes wedding jig bowlers please
so now the boys are going up he's led to
jump out of the plane and I'm gonna try
and I'm with the merch again on the way
down
modern day hunting most Shannon time
you're on boys
I'm parachute I'm looking miles take
ballers don't try this at home
oh yes just because we're not at the
content house doesn't mean I can't bring
people wake up just outward messages one
allele okay geez now we are here in the
heart of Mexico hey you know it's every
day bro Janka their money to make yah
yah yah hi Yonny lightly I said it and
every day bro with the gentle flow I
feel the same way
it's everyday bro with the disney
channel flow it's everyday bro with this
is new channel flow everybody he's
learning he's learning we're in the
heart of Mexico I got a pet rooster here
grab it grab it
Mexico adventures get a patent get a
pack it's almost our this is big Paulo
TMZ exclusive Tim what's it like to be
dating Kanye this con you ever yell at
you do you get free Easy's just one word
just one word ten for you Jake Waller
so have you guys seen the Martinez wins
the Martinez twins they're cute blue
eyes no no I will let me know if you see
him okay ball March is that big ball
merch $5 is it ten joy taco backlash
kickball is that what that is
okay you go to cylindric Walmart's for a
dollar bank
this is the airport that we're skydiving
at I believe oh man we're all gonna have
living down here why is that a goal yeah
you know Erica erica castel they know
Erica oh my gosh I know I love her
that's my wife yeah
are you smashed my toe ball yo got
another bad no yo shut up it's okay it's
okay it's good
yo back the up back up you smash my
wife
you all know Erica they know Erica
Erica's the Queen bro oh my god a little
baby one come here little baby one
I'll tell Erica you said hi okay yeah I
think there's my visa
what no idea you made it yes we want got
on in squad this is the plane we are
about to skydive I'm gonna be jumping
out of that plane I just don't know what
to expect I feel like it's kind of
sketchy but I'm not gonna be able to
take this big camera so Jake polish
you're coming with me on the go through
squad let's do
are you gonna play okay stay close we're
about to jump out of an airplane at
10,000 feet do you have enough GoPros
bro
Oh
push yourself outside your comfort zone
truth it's everyday bro quiet that's
what I'm talking about that's what it's
every day bro it's about becoming better
pushing yourself outside their comfort
zones we're in the March while we're
doing that and don't forget that 20% of
the proceeds of all the merchandise for
the next five days are going to the st.
Jude's Children's Hospital
screw you eBay we're gonna give them
their money back let's go two hours
later
are you silly I'm still gonna send that
Jackie where's the bike the ran out of
gas
I just love to dip and go he just rolled
it leave it leave it
are you silly we're gonna send it okay
silly are you good bro there you go
a boy list hey beautiful
I think I broke it I think I broke it
but I'm gonna send it are you selling
I'm just hooking assent excuse me so I
don't know what happened to your
four-wheeler it broke I'm gonna send it
yes we are back at the Jeep ten hours
look at uh oh my gosh guys thank you so
much for watching don't forget that 20%
of any merchandise that is bought in the
next five days is going to the st.
Jude's Children's Hospital guys we need
to raise them a hundred thousand dollars
so Jake ballers will stand together top
yourself some hot new merch it's
everyday bro backpacks and not Tristan
bring it in bro real it was so real
thank you so much for the accomplish a
ton
I had no idea that is what we were up
against when you're like let's go to
Mexico yeah the coop lounge on the beach
ya know and God and then we died yeah we
almost died for different ways and you
guys make sure you check out his social
media tristan tails you already know and
I'm also in an iPhone giveaway if you
didn't know already audience do a style
man Instagram and subscribe to the
YouTube channel so smash that subscribe
button the Jake polar movement 12
million subscribers in 12 months can we
do it I think so yes we can we will see
you tomorrow because it's every day bro
please take Pollard's what's up and
check out this new March ooh that March
is hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time click the link make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on a daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
shirt see you guys tomorrow
