okay so we are out here at this event
what's up squad it's like way too late
so much Hollywood stuff going on so many
cameras look at all this
let's live man how long thanks to you
I'm pretty fast so how are you max but I
got a challenge for you let's see how
fast you really are okay my boy yeah
okay come over here I'm gonna give you a
15-foot head start I'm gonna be back
here I'm also gonna be vlogging you're
gonna be up here and we're gonna race
and see who can get to the sidewalk and
back first okay I feel like it
yourselves huh you know those really
fast Roselle's a gazelle yeah he was a 3
2 1 go you just like yeah
Tessa how much you can't sprint to me in
less than 10 seconds 1 2 3 4
max could escape it this time if you're
new here on Jake Paul this is the team
10 house can you yeah sorry sorry he's
what yeah what is that hold on hold on
what is that I got my blues on that my
dealers so you've already know James
today's not be a good day make sure you
guys are working hard make sure you're
smiling make sure you dab it on the
members and you already know that
Fitness is the first step to greatness
so this morning you know I had to work
out briolettes the details okay mine own
the pain in my soul dafuq
the cabin my heart at least akin strata
be my you know I look dumb I feel dumb
guys wait a minute just worked out
without me today I'm what he's my raft
no no I didn't reload it life it's been
crazy lately we got a big day ahead of
us take Polish let's flip it do this
thing John damn it
people ask me how to be on Team ten you
know what I tell them I tell them you
gotta make it through the oil gun run
through the oil gauntlet
hashtag not I'm cheap ten cheekbones
James I'm gonna clean the flippin oil
I'll be right back Jake pause cleaned up
the oil garlic thing in there I jumped
in the oil tube so now I have to UM you
know I I have to clean myself off you
know I mean you call me Michael Phelps
I'm good bro I got a chair and
everything okay Jake Pollard's let's get
this flippin day started what do you say
early morning dip in something butter in
Tang Bao hahaha take off the blues check
them keep the yellows the yellow no
leave him let him die it kept the blues
leave on the yellers you're already now
let's flip and send it today boys
listening I got my yellows on tonight I
am driving to San Diego because in the
morning Oh
anyways because in the morning I have to
wake up at like 4:00 a.m. and then we're
gonna go on a helicopter
I'm Jeff I love this board I think it's
gonna go all the way up Russia basically
if you couldn't oh shit I'm sitting
there which probably couldn't have I'm
gonna basically be flying in a
helicopter to Mexico and then skydiving
and then doing all this crazy stuff
tomorrow morning but I only have room
for one person I'm gonna start calling
people on June 10 the first person to
answer I'm gonna take with me come to
Mexico the Jay Paul's are outside I love
them a lot hi first up tristin tails you
want to know why because I love Tristan
and I'm not gonna tell him exactly what
we're gonna do I'm just gonna see who's
down and then push them off of them push
them off of the cliff I mean the
helicopter helicopter and yeah hey
Tristan tails
nothing much and just vlogging your face
yeah um so what are you doing tonight
and tomorrow do you want to go with me
to Mexico
all right cool I'll pick you up at maybe
9:30 tonight ten o'clock maybe no does
it look like I'm serious
you got damn right I'm serious I'm more
than serious I'm not gonna tell you what
we're doing it's gonna be surprised this
is great guys this is great I don't know
why yeah I don't know why I came up to
you guys Tristan already said yeah I'm
sorry grey don't cry okay okay bye bye
bye
Megan did you get a new printer yeah are
you mad that I broke the other one yeah
I'm sorry about that well you got a new
one you print stuff although he shoot
you in the face I don't know what I'm
doing I've kind of logged a spy just oh
oh my gosh win on you and it's like how
that dress every single morning Wow I
like that okay know what you can't hear
well well well if it isn't the man
himself
the CEO of fan joy guys the owner of fan
joy where is he
don't crush Chris with the March so how
are the merch sales booming this is the
man behind all of the merch is your
Dolphy you are the CEO of fan joy co you
need to shoot that have you ever shot
that I've never stopped someone get him
a shirt take balls you can thank this
man for all of your merch you will get
extra merchan my pants I'll just shoot
it bro
mainly Justin yes here's your pop tag
he's got a lot of them that's not even
your name but I'm always plugging so
sorry about that my bad I'm starting to
worry about you dude you haven't moved
did you shower well no I don't want this
to be an ongoing job I got my yellows on
bro you did not move I have my black
song you have not moved you need a
shower Nick eat some food you do you
want anything bro I know you're working
hard you want a Sharpie there you go
do you need anything else I mean I just
feel bad what I would like what the use
of oh I like this I really like where
this is going no you won't do it okay
okay okay okay at least you got him up
from his seat no oh that's aggressive
you might want to land it it'd be really
good to land it right now Thomas well
that's what happens right now you know
what we did accomplish so we got you out
of your seat heroes they know Squad is
back from paintballing Landon um bro
what is up with you and Nick wrote Nick
hasn't moved and you haven't changed I
changed only oh is that like a new thing
what color is that shirt what color is
that shirt what color is your shirt just
answer the question bro yellow you got
it right he got a means a shooter though
dude I wouldn't mess with that guy
careful with that kid well you have the
same glasses on tubero he's about to go
in the in the YouTube Hall of Fame if
you're real what put those on eBay
ooh I need to talk to you guys about
that actually I really need your guy's
help stay tuned I'm gonna talk to you
about that no guys guys we have a new
team ten member yo yo look at this watch
look it it's a dude yeah that's fine no
we need girls girls bro we have rain and
Justin and Erica look at all I know is
that I haven't shot this in a while
boys pull out the guns I'm divorcing you
hear what you said about my leg tattoo I
just told Dustin I want him to get a go
instead of a gun we're divorced I don't
know if you remember but the other day I
was trying on clothes for this event
that I have to go to it's a really
important Hollywood event hashtag
Hollywood hashtag big things hashtag
actor hashtag are you an actor bro and
so that event is happening right now
and Erica is my date yes but I have to
get changed and then we're gonna go so
let me get change guys that could have
been bad thought I was ready for a
second for me that kind of would have
been good because he's got abs one more
thing one more thing boom Stephanie
here's doing my makeup because I don't
want to look ugly you know in Hollywood
they'll take pictures of you and if you
look bad then you won't become Hollywood
so do I look sexy or no yes are you
ready for our date yeah are you ready
amazing you look amazing I like your
shoes thank you other shiny shiny what
are those what are those I never went to
prom so here we go
oh okay okay
hashtag crown bitch
okay so we are out here at this event
what's up squad it's like way to relate
so much Hollywood stuff going on so many
cameras look at all this they just yell
at you and they want your picture go do
the chip from Ohio like this I got my
toothpick though so my teeth are gonna
be clean
good job Erica keep posing so proud so
foul do you know of any good places to
eat because he won't answer me oh I will
answer you seen in over there worse than
any girl that I know I'm worse than any
girl you know well you must not know any
girls okay that's helpful we're almost
home don't hit me don't make a scene
ever I am so sorry sir she won't be
sorry for me be sorry for yourself honey
we already broke up okay I'm sorry
I'll be right back Jake ballers Oh No
no no no no no no sweet Jesus oh my god
I'm pissed
look at what eBay did they removed our
listing for charity its eBay eBay eBay
you're gonna ours our food here I think
you'll die we raised a hundred thousand
dollars for charity and eBay you take
our listing down ah here's the thing
you're gonna pay for this I don't know
why because the Jake ballers are never
gonna use your platform again you take a
hundred thousand dollars away from the
st. Jude Children's Hospital how I'm not
mad no no no no no no no I am
here's the plan Jake polish and this is
why we need your help
because there's kids out there who
seriously need that money and eBay just
took it from us but the Jake Pollard's
never take else ever named an L that's
ever been taken I can't can you
no sorry eBay I must show you how the
game is played you rolled the dice but
I'm gonna show you how it's played so
Jake haulers I came up with an idea to
get our money back for the kids we have
this wheel right and I was like how
could we hug we possibly get money back
for this charity and I need you guys's
help I'm gonna do a contest for the next
five days 20% of the merchandise is
gonna go to charity so guys we need to
raise that $100,000 back for the charity
and the contest is if you buy a piece of
merchants in X five days I'm gonna be
flying one of you guys out to Los
Angeles to give you this wheel and to
hang out with the team Tanner's and the
house and the flip and shenanigans and
it's gonna be a flippin great time
because there's literally kids who need
that money in eBay took it from us we
need to rise together as one and murder
them let me clarify 20% of the earnings
over the next five days of merchandise
is gonna go to the st. Jude's Children's
Hospital and I'm gonna pick one of you
to fly to Los Angeles and give this
wheel to and I'm also gonna FaceTime ten
of you all you have to do to enter is
buy a piece of March 4th and Royko
backslash shake Paul and and that's all
and hopefully you good bro I'm just
trying to raise money for charity those
kids need us Jake Polish we will band
together we will get them that 100
we may and Jake parlors also don't
forget that I'm gonna be in Pennsylvania
at Hershey Park performing at a concert
for you guys I'm gonna put the tickets
I think description below also gonna be
in Philadelphia the next day August 19th
and 20th to perform for you guys meet
you guys Jake Pollard's let's flip and
sell it out you know how we're doing and
one last thing don't forget about my
iPhone giveaway all you have to do is
smash that subscribe button follow me on
instagram at jake paul to be entered to
gaining this flipping iPhone and Jake
Pollard's a mother you're ready to go to
Mexico I will see you tomorrow because
it's everyday bro
Jake Pollard's what's poppin check out
this new March that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow Poosh
