oh the devil ah you got to please the
boss let him know that he's king every
one of our games and by that I'm taste
this moment watching watch closely
no I've got a thimble Oh England is
yours bling enjoy CB bro oh oh oh it's
going down oh oh here's from Ohio what
is that
there's black stuff leaking from this
chair what you're not it's the devil is
here mother oh my god somebody murdered
someone and put them in there what do we
do I don't know do we call the cops now
I'd already probably coming anyways come
on eat a koala anyways I'm reloading oh
yeah guys come on come on it's just a
merge wise they want so scared of the
market so anyways good morning Jake boss
yeah I hit someone
yo yo everyone calm down
like I was saying Jake callers good
morning what is going on party people
you already flipping now I got my
yellers on so today is already off to a
great car if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul this is the team 10th house and it
is lit every single flippin day bro and
kids like I always tell you fitness is
the first step to greatness so you know
this morning your boy had to hit the gym
Oh
Oh
ah
ah may I go upstairs I looked down and I
was covered in so I don't know where
those came from either
oh yeah we're real chime about yeah are
you good are you what how you feeling
bro I'm great
this won't touch your hair yeah I might
happen we'll see you later oh hi good
morning that's right good morning we
look beautiful that's one big broken oh
you see that customers with the hello
Meg why she always plugin guys listen
today you know the wheel that we put on
ebay we broke that chair and we put a
wheel of it on ebay for charity guys
what the heck $100,000 $100,000 hundred
using the game look at Tesla's mouth
it's not a game Biggers I dropped out of
school that six figures yeah one thing I
do know for sure is that we just raised
a hundred thousand dollars for charity
and one day take Polish give it up for
yourself
good morning Tesla how are you morning
chance to morning day colors good
morning
this way heyyo the last thing I want to
talk to you all about is the third verse
because y'all have is such like a
misunderstanding about it I think y'all
make some correct and basically y'all
don't know what's going on you don't see
what yo yo oh my gosh yo I'm Mike Dillon
Mike head this baby's done my school and
you know you can't just come into our
look at him he's got blue hair my floor
is my feeling
hey guys what's up what's up hey guys
what's up outside this is a nitrox you
were single
yeah yeah how would I get your number
I'm pretty wack you thought that Denise
Dylan pick you know how to speak into a
he'll never get less under 7 - you don't
want my fucking bug another vision
whatever I'm going to using the choices
you just don't you understand what I'm
saying he was in the wrong oh my gosh no
chance we can be quite frustrated with
their weight Dushyant no just can't I
love you that's my best friend
yeah yeah as a joke it was a bad joke as
it Disney
okay don't get over we're just getting
started let's flip and do that with the
dollar dollar in a dream
such a cliche land but a mr. world to me
cuz this is how we started feeling
nothing changed I use this music for my
pain music the only way I'm staying I'm
gonna keep working like a vet this is my
kids kids kids you know the north is
what I rep I think I'm going down in
here sweet I think the whole water miss
me I'll run the country's dippin whiskey
ringing these paws when I'm 50 I got
this whole town with me
does that scream always got to change
that new set a new way be the same boy
with the plum all alone tell me what you
got to say I'm Poe scars from SK yeah
what a beautiful day outside while
you're gone on those transitions just
some savage push down as you guys know
the team can't houses every single day
bro I basically challenged Justin the
freshman to fight Maxim flip intended
dude the hey silly the flippin senators
they settled it back in mind a good
old-fashioned five max really lobbing on
the winner gets $500 so what is the $500
bout also finish money on oh man
hahahaha age always wins older I got my
money on freshmen that's not like I do a
lot of high school back up - in the
glove I want a clean fight right all
right no eye gouging the lair pool and
keep it above the waist guys there's no
rule buzz let's go for it Oh
what frustrate come on come on got me a
little good breakfast crack come on
Justin you got it the home impressive
adjusting bro that was with ya you got
career hope my boy you're going to bring
back your career I'm so wrong dude I
know no more slide but he's still on top
I need you're talking Justin yeah
president might be a little upset right
now Justin a thing you went home where'd
you go clothes we gonna slam you shine
your back hair impress no no no no that
was dope this kids 14 bro okay he's an
animal in the making I don't know what's
happening you lost but I'm gonna give
you this pop knife and another one and
another one another one and another one
I mean huh guys how I get on mmm Justin
Roberts on YouTube like and subscribe oh
oh my god really Justin one in that case
and for the next event of the evening
Kato pushes Oakley like I want a clean
fight no eye gouging no hair pulling and
keeping up upper lip okay okay oh oh my
god
oh no I don't think babies are so
pitiful the way to the black on the
flight hey hey buddy
so what's going on with you two seems
like you guys are still a thing anyways
Jake callers about to change
Oh
Oh yo what happened our to change she's
disguised earlier before dynamite Dylan
came out I was China Oh anyway before
dynamite Dylan came out earlier there's
so many distractions in this team ten I
look at all these people I was trying to
talk to you about the third verse
because there's a lot of confusion even
my own brothers confused a lot of you
were commenting oh there's no third
verse your brother says there's no third
verse damages whatever my brothers say
is that the truth no guys look at this
text message Shan I had with my brother
I'm gonna read it for you cuz even he
doesn't know his name let me educate you
I said no bro I got a third verse and a
fourth and a fifth verse hmm okay okay
and then he goes but bro where are the
first and second ones I did those and I
said exactly
he said bro where are the first and
second verse I did those I said exactly
Logan
you did the first and second verse and I
did the third fourth fifth and six you
didn't make the third verse I did plot
twist
party people I just haven't released it
all of his times that's why I played the
preview of it yesterday it was my voice
I made the third verse
so when Logan says there's no third
verse my boy doesn't know you know I
know that I made the third verse
that's what none of you are getting of
course Logan didn't make a third verse
the song ended but then I was like yo
why don't I put my side of the story on
the Internet I'm the third verse the
fourth because it's a long story so I
needed multiple verses to do that and
that is what I'm choosing not to release
people because it is too savage and
Logan you're going to want to stop
taunting me and pushing me and poking me
and making things up because like I said
I'm not releasing the song because I'm
good brother I'm trying to protect you
Logan I don't want to do this but you're
going to make me do this the internet
the youtubes the Jake Pollard's it would
be too much like everyone would die
everyone would slip in guy that's what
would happen so that's why I am NOT
putting that out and that's why you guys
are all confused because you're like
two-thirds
you know through bursts wake up people I
made the third verse not him he doesn't
know what it is Logan's never heard it
and he's never heard the fourth verse
and the fifth verse another one and the
sixth divorce how's that photoshoot
going guys
good god cheese am i heat it I'm a
little bit heated people don't
understand me they don't understand me
that's tough
what is up guys I just got to Warner
Brothers and now I'm about to do some
business meeting do you know how I do it
come on about my business in Hollywood
if you want to make it to the top it's
not who you know or it was LA it's not
what you know it's who you know
I got my yellers on that means I mean in
all business right now my goal is to be
one of the biggest actors out there and
so we're making the Power Move shake
Paul I want to show you kids that if
you're from the middle of nowhere if you
know you're like I can't do anything big
in this world that's kind of how I felt
when I was 14 15 16 years old it's not
true and that's part of the reason why I
have law guys is like so you could see
this journey of like me trying to make
it to the top so let's go do some
business broke Warner Brothers want to
do business went well you know good
meeting good meaning you know how we do
it baby
it was a good mean I missed you buddy
all right let's go back to the back at
the team ten house guys what is going on
I'm here with Julius look he just wanted
a film Bo oh I got to get him back of
the d-10 house it was like start filming
start filming start filming what is he
doing here what's up guys do DC and hey
check it out
No Oh what is that is that a red nose
way are you British I am
I'm British yeah hey I didn't knew all
right so I was yellow area when you put
them anything that's uh can you meet my
friend over here hey hi wait you're
British as well
Harlan oh haha yeah you know the Queen
will do you know what yeah hideous
England me know also Nick have you not
moved for like eight hours
I never we're gonna flash back to
earlier today like eight hours ago Mary
you're about to put on like a magic show
or what's going down I'm about to be
some mind-blowing magic it won't be some
mind-blowing magic made absolute
protection you have my American accent
hi i'm jake paul teen tempo like let's
go very much i think it's not a great
what is it doing the ring oh my god it's
like that what is it goes in is it
yellow everyday by marching in my nice
nice red shirt right hold on coughing oh
god just wait wait wait are you gonna
make her like chance again okay too soon
oh my god yes you got it
is that your other magic trick shit now
what's your chimney goober Bob Julius
yes okay let's just do the trick let's
just do this oh I get it yeah what will
it do okay so twenty hands on it okay
I'm really I just squeeze your hands on
it in my show yes yes please excuse me
that's right now let me together hi so
nice to meet you welcome Judith Dean got
a pen for X I have that okey bye we're
here yeah well you're honest and yeah
he's got one two guys I'm gonna squeeze
my hand huh
why I'm going to squeeze my hand
climbing a marker I'm going to squeeze
my hand and I want you to just say left
or right right I thought there is a
British actions like throwing your final
magic tricks does that feel like a
platoon of disappear go away that were
like Thailand what hundred you said
right why I hit you guys just people
left hand down we're gonna use the my
way did you say here we go
here we go how to say that so I just
drew an X on my hammock cabinet marker
check it out am i said right no no
are you film a devil from the ball Kyle
oh my god oh my god it's actual marker
why what's the sponge ball okay here we
go
where to go my hand fallen look that
isn't a shot my shirt lookin so David
really sexual we'll check it out okay
you say something in that I did let's
wait oh my god can you teach me that
yeah I'll take your things okay that's
all hold your hands off me Jake okay now
can I just squeeze onto the sponge boots
okay I have to sponge boy here we go
okay Jake I will need to think of one
thing that you want in life
all right here we go all right yeah I
don't know what it is just think about
it okay you thinking uh yeah yeah make
way you're thinking office here Bobby
impressive yeah they'll be really in
three I'm gonna - okay see I believe
easy push I don't believe you at all
have a guy on it open hand up what we
think you know I was thinking of a
Lamborghini
Oh Joe
no everyone's attacking me lately okay
this one I'm going to put it in my hand
like that and you squeeze onto it
squeezes pieces before says no oh I
wasn't there before he does have you
ever done this no could you make uncle
oh cool is that possible
I'm a magician on miracle worker job at
least try hold on its own with it huh
all right I'm going to try move up a lot
for this next trick I'm going to try
something incredible rasterize make you
cool oh my decor we go 3 2 1 oh no way
oh my god hold on magic is all about
Nick direction look array three seconds
I'll give them is slowly that yo Uncle
Sam BAM you straight right you know yeah
well you took the suit
ah oh my god he's cool now boy dang ha
ha ha second on peoples good bro Koki
nice cool I never thought this day would
come
where you going I don't know all right
guys guys guys how many something else
while I'm going to make Jake Poulos I'm
going to make you a leader disappear
gonna make me disappear I don't wanna do
this here I'm gonna do it here we go go
do this scene here I'm now inside the
Vic Jay Paul Jay knows I'm so sorry I'm
so sorry
my boys are it's good magic all right do
me a favor just name a cosmic why are
you looking hello in that I like the
forward part sometimes by our Commodores
to do magic so I bring my little friend
with me see this guy yeah he's on the
card there check the chart
you could have named any card right yeah
you name the four five yeah okay top
your head that she influenced it here we
go I'm going to go through little man
gang into the cannon he's chewing out
the cards we've got a card it's before
oh no double keep the devil say stop
stop right there y'all choppa
what is that cards yeah I got it I mean
I can know it doesn't really matter okay
okay let's hold it no no no Thomas
comment a lot of still not a lot of
things in my pockets guys no no how's it
happen like every door why did you do
that why did we not notice about your
Thomas he's been a member
oh that's weird that's just that's weird
I don't know he's the devil you're the
bank my Devils such a good doggie doing
I was feeling lonely I want hmm cock I
don't like you I always find at all
what's a good I don't want to call for
Scott
qui-gon touch and you can't you lie
right there no not the Jack of Diamonds
pick it up now I want this one I won't
take it out have a look at it yeah
that's not the Jack of Diamonds is it no
what's the for here we go
what no I'll shut this down okay I'm
going to take the card away I'm just
think you've a insect getting with that
say insects much beginning with act okay
yes thanks phone okay here we go that's
not actually in fact the fine we'll go
eat okay
oh here we go here we go here we go here
we go here we go
fine you filled up no there's like a
thermos Internet fighter may and I will
hurt you no no no no please don't let
the runner is everything oh god I don't
competition was checking out the second
no hey how did you even do that
oh my guys guys I gotta ask him a
serious contest stop hating me ah I'll
check him what I'm good because when
they're hey into the bank account gets
bigger I want to show you something we
make British Greg Weiland vs. London I
mean really country I'm British Nick's
British so we're going to do this fat
cost to set everyone knows is there like
camera tricks all the cars different
mice every single car different is that
fair
sure yeah I want to do is I want to just
take a summer take your thumb for me I
want to just open it up at one place in
the pack just one other time yeah it's a
nice summer okay oh my god Ohio self
right now like oh cool corn gonna taste
um you know you know open it up at one
place in the back you ready yeah three
two one open one thing I'm just an icon
yeah yeah yeah okay close it you guys
see the cause yeah
even though it's not me you feel the
cardia you know just sorry to do
anything strange I hold on to the Cod's
all right yeah all right okay now just
so you guys say out loud every rise down
what was going on what was the goal you
know and yeah three times now I haven't
touched the cards have it all right
there we go here we go look for the
three of diamonds in fact it's not
remember then obviously obviously or
just do me something right I've been
standing right next to you as a magician
I'm really fast okay so I've hand-picked
boxing I want you to take out your
wallet no I'm son my wallet so there's
no way you got in there
I'm Sarah my wife is cute
I wanna know what you think go in my
pocket I give they are an idiot that
I've been sitting here I would have felt
someone touching my ass to wanna do I
just give me a number I will go to 69 i
69 five times it by the number hunted by
the number of guys that you dated in
your life 11:30 huh 1 I 3 here we go 3
times 5 better the number of tattoos
you've got oh you know actually I asked
me this question cream only knows about
one like everything I'm sorry tesla's
mom I'm gonna FaceTime you tonight side
by 3
I'm fine I'm great the number of times
you'd like show not your your your
six-pack I know that's my big size out
of a million to a million 1 million I
can bachelor by the number of time your
YouTube ad revenue and gone well I love
life every day yeah yeah 1,000 here we
go 1,000 Oh fine fine I'll question has
by the number of times someone tries to
take a photo with you
why but yeah I get really anything
sometimes I just yeah that's where the
newsroom all right last one
the number of hours you think you sleep
a day just put it on put it in perfect
commit okay
I'm going to kick equals equals that
number right there now I don't want you
to see that number okay Jake but
everyone else take a look my number and
now again does that number mean anything
to you okay I want to take out your
phone oh it's a phone number no way go
on because I not real cool three and
random number it also happens hold on
does hey yo Jake is your friend me no
bro the calculator guess my number hello
Oh
Life Alert I've fallen I can't get up
bro no you said up a gun okay well I'm
going to I can catch it what I can I can
catch it
oh no way no no okay so obviously I'm
British why and in America everything is
lot bigger I when you get sides of the
stuff that you know that I always read
online they gave me a straw like a
little bit big what the heck is to come
in in no why no what are you doing no
you got a giant straw from me yeah I
want to go with no free brain deals
though well thank you so much for
showing us that magic it was oh it was
dope maybe uh I'll come to Britain one
day alright Jake waters I'll be right
back yeah yo uncle say yo you turned
cool for a second I forgot some of the
swag take these yeah
did it we're also a little bit I hope
they're pretty fire I kind of I like I
like Uncle K better than cool cave Jake
Pollard's join the family chop yourself
some hot new merch you already know 10%
sale right now all you have to do is use
the promo code school oh yeah guys and
don't forget about this iPhone to
giveaway iPhone 7 it's going to be
really cool all you have to do is
subscribe to me on youtube smash that
subscribe button right now join the
movement 12 million subscribers in 12
months
can we be the first-ever family on
YouTube to do it I think we can
your subscribers guys I'm kind of close
to a million oh my god oh my god can
other kids close to a million there's
also a laptop giveaway going on on my
channel if you guys love oh man so many
giveaways GE Pollard's also don't forget
that I'm going to be in Hershey
Pennsylvania we sold out the venue 7,000
tickets all right no no here's what
happened here's what happened we sold
out 7,000 tickets they now made the
venue bigger to 12,000 so we can still
get ours can we tell our small thousands
applause I think we can also I'm going
to be in Philadelphia the next day I
love all the info below in the
description come listen to me perform
the hot nurse dogs so much plug-in going
on guys but there's a lot of info and J
cause I will see you tomorrow because
it's everyday bro
Jake Pollard's what stop and check out
this new March ooh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
