I'm gonna play you a little section of
it right now 3 2 1 I got the yellows
come on
hello oh look at the yellows baby super
hot if I I don't goes down when the
yellows are on dick colors there you go
try the yellow yeah how do we look like
baby blues got the browner Zions router
owners oh one more thing one more thing
one hand why are you wearing my
sweatshirt is your dope and I just want
to be dope oh who is that on God thank
you on for Kade always fixing the
situation oh my god everyone is frozen
right now wow this is amazing
wow I wish she was like this all the
time okay Jake ball is good morning oh
I'm here with team ten it can't wait to
lit but if you new here I'm Jake balls
this is the team ten house and it is
with every single day look at these guys
I should always have them plus I feel
like that's an ad workout yeah it's
really good as though that's why okay
guys I mean I'm Bosnia but you gotta you
gotta calm down
much Martina Martinez wince well you
guys just wins oh my gosh you are twins
and they ain't we have Goodwin so why
don't you guys date the Martinez twin Oh
Sanjaya use a chisel
I'll meet you how they okay Oh guys come
on you big utilize that time two more
your old serious dude the whole world
will come to a halt I it's like a click
remote it holds a lot of serious power
we have to be careful did you go to USC
no I just want to look smarter so I
figured I'd you look smart okay info all
you needed some yellers and we're gonna
get all the girls you need out there in
the world let me tell you about the
power of the yellow sugar you know you
know they can pull the neck muscles do
it that doing that put it down
oh good morning
guys guys we could test some look at it
oh yeah look at that
they'll be screaming ours Erica Oh
another use all this to Jerrica where's
that mean what what are those glasses do
we name them yeah we could even go your
GoPro that's a good idea it'll probably
duster you don't watch my vlogs you
don't watch my vlogs I can watch them
anymore
yes I do so you saw a clip just all that
clips that I just played I did really
yeah go see everything Jane what apps
really why I say
yeah why no no no no no I said you're
what
it's very beautiful they almost forgot I
thought you'd cry Saudi says she's so
hot that a picture of a bunny flashback
yesterday haha picture getting content
Billy it's over guys to let it go
yeah I was above it still works
Robert Frost is still more have a good
boy we don't even need the bottom part
so we're just yeah also who are you guys
don't know because they're don't know
Floyd Mayweather is that you what are
you doing this is how she tries to
contain me she doesn't know what do you
want athlete wow wow you just ran a 40
in like more more with her around ankle
I'm offended also your pants that's no
to what I can say a full heart race and
I really oh yeah okay okay
oh oh oh you're wearing sword guys I'm
gonna button up cuz your husband now man
oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no there's
one area do not want to get too close to
I don't know I've seen a lot of things
in my ears on the planet and I'm not
saying this is your job
oh no oh no oh my god
Cinderella help me up Oh ain't I get a
call this year there's no clips to roll
Erica's goddamn liner blockers oh who
are these species
Montoya cleaned up in this house right
now
no she's plugging for me think you wanna
say too much information circulation
nothing nothing yellow anyway okay okay
Jackie okay okay got your gun Jay okay
I'm just a couple know who are they
right now y'all are done looking to go
field they just need just plug that
heart in real life it really happened
I'm gonna give it a minute take ballers
like and subscribe million subscriber
challenge and 12 months smash the
subscribe button during the family pop
the Marchman combine water here
what does that look like and the teacup
challenge was what are you doing bro dad
are you good bro is that shaving cream
Chad break I'm about to prank you with
this pretty clear flow okay I'll ask
like I don't know it's going to be in
your vlog I'll act like I am surprised
okay yes please don't kill her please
don't a little Martinez screams I need
to get them off of tinder you have to
dodge it hurt you
those are Jake Paul sauce yeah Lincoln
buy a 10% off use the promo code school
you already know all right shake collar
so I was like yo what is going on we
have this chair you have all these
shares that we keep on Breaking and the
wheels fly off and I was like yo I think
it'd be funny if we put one of these
wheels on eBay and we all sign it and
all the proceeds go to charity that's
amazing so you're going to team ten
official spare wheel initials by
everybody okay yeah yeah let's sign it
there we go
so what are you gonna do I've come for
my niece's on the wheel try to the
dollar for a lot of money I'm just gonna
yell you're actually famous now ya hear
debra i'm justin roberts for the
freshman should I grab another wheel no
no we'll put that one on eBay also if I
go like this Kade I'm looking you
everyone signed the wheel damn it
you're covered in with cream bro oh what
is that shaving cream no oh my god the
pool is rude oh my gosh the pool is room
it's a lagoon again oh no we're just
about to move out guys come on
come on guys let's be adults just
kidding can you come here for a second
mmm oh my gosh what are you wearing you
look so good
can you find my wheel what are we
getting with that you sign it yeah I'm
putting it on eBay all the proceeds go
to charity no I have to show you one
more thing we ruin the pool again how
long have you been on Team ten J told me
to jump in you guys are gonna fix it
sexy when she's mad oh my god you signed
my wheels god
I'm sorry to tell you this yeah can you
sign it you're popping but look at these
the others what's the color of your
shirt uh yellow oh all right was I color
your glasses they're yellow it's all
yellow sorry I didn't mean to hit you I
mean I didn't mean it but are you mad at
me
not very good oh my god stop signing it
oh I it's fully signed bro Chad can you
sign it - I don't know if they're you
good bro all right so Nathan I have
uncle Mason in the corner I doing a
photo shoot for the wheel yeah oh no
available ebay.com backslash wheel
no okay links in the description ready
fire the truth about chesa Wow whew we
got my channel champ inanity
Hughes chanting Anthony our channel on
the next day or today no the next day
you use these a chance to do see the
truth of my dress on you it's going down
you steered around ha ha someone turn
that into an EDM video you see on my
channel using Anthony to champions in
your channel and then Jamie or today so
let's do I tell you get me ready ha ha
the truth will set you free
I'm an injured in me we have my channel
you Anthony Anthony Champa dance on your
channel and X anymore today
you're from Ohio what color is this
yellow ah it's Yeller Yeller run with it
bye she doesn't like me I think she just
likes you guys do you not like me yellow
scarf come on bro they're even Jake
waters out there are you guys selling
get this dirt we got married got married
we got one I'm out of rest
yes tired so tired we stop here for a
second
Jay Paul is the number the fire
department here which is why I'm mixing
so trying to shut us down
okay so we're putting this on eBay 20
percent earnings go to the charity let's
do st. Jude's Children's Hospital that's
that's a good one let's do it hey what
are those shoulder face what are you
doing makes my eyes pop because I'm
really tired like you wear sunglasses I
wear these it looks like you got an
orange cheeto on your face
Kito pot orange are you coming my
ancestor glasses oh yeah it is the
younger no but just look like a Cheeto
puff okay are you good bro yeah a few
moments later
you don't bother guy ye guys um Jake
wallet blood shard
oh my gosh know much like I didn't
forget about you
okay I didn't say hi to you all day why
you can't really do that mad at me let's
all go poppin bro I know yeah I'll Drive
you in a little bit okay okay
he called me a freshman no he's just
yeah he's just mad at me all right
somebody get changed yeah super hot I
got my yellers on what you know about
that but now guys I want to have a
conversation in the blood shark with you
guys about the third verse J polish so
guys I want to talk about the third
verse and I know a lot of you saw that I
didn't release it yesterday when I said
I was going to release it so I wanted to
clear the air and explain the situation
for you and I also want to play you a
segment of the third verse not the whole
entire thing but a segment because I
know a lot of times when all this stuff
was going on with the second verse and
so on and so forth everyone's always not
even such a thing there is such a thing
as the third verse I'm going to play you
a section of it
can hear and know that there is a third
verse but the reason I didn't release it
is because essentially it's way too
savage like it's meshed level savagery
like the internet what would never have
seen this type of how do I say explosion
yeah we would have had to contact
YouTube for this type of song they would
have that up their server space for this
type of thing let me tell you Jake
Paulus I got my yellows I think I'm
going to lie to you with my yellows on
this is next-level stuff people and it's
too savage I don't think I'm ever going
to release it to be honest it puts
people in the wrong spot it's gonna make
people go crazy while it would tell my
side of the story about all of this
drama and basically everything that
you've heard I thought it was a little
bit selfish which is why I want to like
sit and think on it well if I'm ever
going to release it but in the meantime
I can't release it so I'm gonna play you
a little section of it right now a plays
like the beginning part of the beat and
I'm going to play like a section in the
middle okay but before I do that guys I
want to remind you about the merchandise
sales that is going on right now 10% off
back-to-school sale use the promo code
school you're gonna get 10% off we got
the super hot item boom bang boom
join the movement guys be a savage be a
young millennial that's flippin killing
it during the Jay Paul a movement become
better every single day that's what it's
all about guys is like in your careers
in your lives if you're watching this in
your school whatever it is become better
every single day
think you have something that can make
you better and if you need a reminder
you can get it in the March so join that
flippin movement guys and let me play
you okay here it is ready start that oh
that's not even the start that's just
like at the beginning of the song guys
there's a third verse you heard it there
I can't release the whole entire thing
hmm and I wish I could but sometimes
sometimes just not the right move but
anyway to take polish it is late right
now I'm up you'll get some business flip
and done you already know how your boy
does it don't forget about the iPhone
giveaway all you have to do is smash
that subscribe button and follow me on
instagram at Jay Paul you have the
chance to win an iPhone 7 you already
and take polish I will see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bro peace Jake
Pollard's wet stop and check out this
new March
ooh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Church see you
guys tomorrow
