Jake Pollard's if your name is at
jeopardy and there's only one side to
the story that's out there you got to
fix your name drumroll please
good morning Jake polish what is going
on party people today was absolutely
insane I'm out here brah you already
know if you're new here I'm Jake Paul
this is the team town house and it is
lit every single day bro let me tell you
I hope you guys are smiling I hope
you're working hard I hope you're
dabbing on the haters and without any
further ado let's dive right into this
thing Rosa flip and clip from this
morning yes oh boy you guys my girls
give me a beautiful day what is going on
guys today I have my yellows on you
already know about these yellows what
you know about is check them if you want
to put on the yellows or there you go
you're wearing the yellows pretty dope
right check it out Oh
hashtag yellows am i right guys I also
just found chance and Anthony's blog
camera look at this so this is you guys
log on yeah bro
you like these shut them on the handheld
yo that's a lit it doesn't even have a
battery you don't even need one
heartless bro we like to give them
quality es 970 is not I love it when you
vlog how do you hit it we're live let me
see it up that thing's it ain't that's
why you're the Altos though the boys win
again run it up did you guys break up
we're still that's right
so that's uh nothing
good morning good morning that's right
you talked about this justice over I
mean you could turn it into a friendship
exactly what I said we're still best
friend I've got my yellers on you don't
think I get stuff like dr. Phil with my
yellows on y'all are gonna be friends
and it's going to be great one of them
got whipped someone was wearing the
pants they talked about it one of them
one to leave I don't know what's
happening but that's definitely some be
asked we take this yeah okay the boy is
whipped good morning but it is gonna be
awesome
I know I know are you trying to talk to
bloodshot yeah we're gonna get it
doesn't talk to you he only talks to me
you just saw that X I don't mean did you
say you don't need that Oh guys people
what are we thinking what is it
look at this look at this what is that
what is this wait what are those that
making fun of me oh did you know it's us
us over Debbie scream an hour Jagger I
want to try one Erica its rebounding
though one of those who is this who are
you I'm back know who is this who even
lives here what is that Oh get off of me
oh my god take it back are you good bro
are you a GoPro I'm Adele brouse I need
to get out of here what is all this
nonsense Marge what like look at all as
much thinking my aha always like huh
shut up shut up
oh I know I broke them all no we just
got that fixed no no what are you doing
max
I think his career is taking a turn for
the worse
I'm a boy needs to flip and send itself
I'm gonna get an office chair because
I'm quickly becoming irrelevant I
respect it bro do it for the YouTube I'm
spelling one to my boy needs cheese oh
it was at this moment that evening
oh my god what are you doing bill we're
just trying to put it back and since I
would do it down in a heart
welcome to the boonies all right family
oh you guys smiling Alice Alice Alice
Alice Alice
Oh
Logan did you change your mind no get
out of my house I don't have a place to
live I'm currently homeless sorted
please Jake let me move it oh yeah oh
wow I want to play something I love it
I'd love to live with you but I want to
live with you okay but what we did it
for 18 years together did we really oh
yeah dude brothers yeah no no but bro I
can't like the problem is his batteries
are always dying no see that's the
problem Sal wait stop yeah that's the
problem Logan if we were together it
would be chaos that makes me want to hit
something hold the camera hon Jake don't
do it no Jake no you just got the wall
replaced
Oh God I understand it's never going to
work you just like my relationship with
some going man what did you say why did
you say okay uh I should have said that
oh no put your battery percentage at
honestly can I borrow a few better
subject my lord okay it's awkward
because of everything that's going down
right now not just really awkward
well I'm Alan Logan yeah what is going
on Jake collar ties about to get serious
pay really close attention to what's
going down basically guys I just dropped
my music video it literally just got
uploaded and if you haven't seen it
already it basically talks about the
news the hate that I've been getting all
these people making false allegations
about Who I am what I do and that they
are only framing me in the way that they
want me to be framed they want me to
lose they want me in a noose and I'm not
gonna have that that's why I drop the
music video the Jake Pollard's know
everyone else subliminally know is that
people are framing me right now it's
like observe do you guys know the truth
whenever I meet someone in person they
know about Who I am they know that I'm a
good person that's why I'm still here
dogs that's why my brother and I at the
top because we're good people and the
news tries to take me down specifically
I've made mistakes I'm sorry which is
what this music video is about but guys
there's been something internally that
has been bothering me for months and
it's the truth about the situation that
happened with Elissa and Logan and I and
that whole entire thing with her and the
house I hate talking about it because it
like hurts
my heart like every time I talk about it
it's been bothering me for months now
and I've been I've been keeping it a
secret because I wanted to defend my
brother now
forget all that recently Logan has been
making videos about a third verse and
he's been trying to protect it basically
because the third verse it explains the
whole entire story and it's me rapping
on the third verse and Logan didn't want
to get out there and Logan is the only
one with the copy of the third verse and
in his recent videos he's been playing
off of it in like hyping it up for what
reason I don't know he wanted to bring
it back up and because he's bringing it
back up guys I need to address it it's
been like literally haunting me every
single day I wake up with like a pain in
my chest in my mind because people have
me framed in the wrong light and they
don't know the truth about the situation
and they think that I'm the bad guy when
in fact that is not true and anybody who
knows the situation the opposite bro
anyone who knows about the situation
knows that that is not the case and
Logan I love you I know you're probably
watching this and you're like whoa my
god this is all about to go down the
whole entire time I kept silent to
protect you but when I was getting
roasted because I was protecting you
you didn't come and defend me and for
that reason I have to defend myself I
don't know if this is making sense at
all guys it's all going to make sense
once you hear the third verse here's the
problem Logan was the only one with the
third verse I never got it I never
received a copy of it because Logan was
like if this gets put out he didn't know
if he wanted to put it out or not as you
guys maybe have seen in his logs these
brothers named raka raka from Australia
stole the third verse from him I think
this is my time to defend myself defend
my name and for the Jake Pollard's for
the internet for the world to know the
truth about Who I am they invited me
over to come vlog with them for while
we're there I'm gonna need you guys to
try and find the third verse so that we
can release it to the Internet to defend
my name because I'm sick of all the
bullets that's out there every single
time like really negative about she was
like why would we all be here any of
those things were true Maalik
why would i have his face on my leg
why'd I even end up here we would not be
in this family if this wasn't like one
of our favorite people like the nicest
guys we do thank you max
this is mission it didn't even get yeah
we're rolling up to their house guys um
I'm gonna like vlog with them
ray I think you break away bro the shed
you can you can like entertain them I'm
going to prank them around oh let's like
put the Oakland Jenga with you I'm going
to just walk in there on a mission you
got to get behind out like whatever I'm
doing I got the GoPro in my pocket I say
rollin on you just act like you're
vlogging this is really weird that we're
on a tour or a crack house or you just
want me to act like me Justin Justin
Jake ballers if your name is at jeopardy
and there's only one side to the story
that's out there you got to fix your
name defend yourself kids it's what this
mission is about blood shark we might
have to have a hot escape everyone eyes
cool blood sorry no closed blood shark
we just do we just just kick and just
kick oh all right car wreck all right we
hear you but we can't see you yeah
come on yo hey Don yeah Mickey's my jam
bro that walking on glasses is this shit
with oh my god we are twinning oh my god
no take it off yo is mr. guys's house
this is my house and it's a requisite
your room what is over here for how long
you guys here for tonight what you slide
that and we're going to react the
business bro you guys have the third
verse yeah yeah this what you've come to
final for the Faubourg no you guys you
guys sold a third verse to my brother
that is Savage
is that a trapdoor yeah a trapdoor I am
sure he's with us bro that's a q10
Colson's interstitial area modern
interaction did you mess it can we do
like a little action seems like just you
just like five seconds ten minutes okay
I like the accent it's really cool and I
want white and Compaq special just stick
to the sides
yo guys I got it so often the sick he's
feeling nice but I don't know who raised
weird he's always vlogging on the GoPro
- it's really weird okay guys so I think
ready got the third verse I saw him like
it going here's like Loki almost crying
but right now we're going to like play
into this like action sequence
I guess prepare for an action sequence
right now ready Jake
third versus -
let's do it
Oh Jake call the Fiji that's now quickly
risen third verse a large team to fit
their verses my brother and I have the
third person whole district your is that
the picture of the dock
well there will be show bitch should
have flipper freaking you don't take my
line bro
Oh
I'm calling you
who loves baby
oh the third verse
oh whatever Oh y'all my camera hello oh
my god I ruined it I ruined it oh my
gosh back to you Jake
yay Oh guys so action secret yeah you
see that I saw it oh it's a good job
much all next yeah all right cool don't
give you in service yeah no it's cool
sorry we don't yeah all right each end
we got to get out of here Sakurako thank
you guys so much
you guys are awesome oh my god I love
you coffee - I'll see you in Australia
okay blood shark buddy do you have it no
oh my god I know how to put it down but
it oh yeah hurry get a bro like I'm
freaking out my heart okay
go ready go this is it guys I was crying
earlier because happy I found it your
name is about to be cleared right now
all right we're going to figure out what
to do with this junior sex 3 Alex a Phil
do you guys I'm exhausted right now like
10 o'clock but basically like for the
past couple of hours I've been figuring
out like what to do with this so much
deliberation this is going to change the
world it's going to change the internet
for the next couple of weeks probably
I'm taking that Wow did it big tickling
the labeling off on this hard drive guys
is a lyric video and a music video to
the 3rd verse and this is your ratchet
are you sure I'm sure chainsaw sorry I'm
sick and tired of like all of these
people not knowing the truth about Who I
am
no one can blame you everyone in this
house knows but I hate to get emotional
I'm gonna plug this in and start to
upload the lyric video so you guys can
be ready to watch that in about an hour
so maybe two hours I mean the right this
is a fully vacuum
it's my Philip and boy take polish hope
you back me too because it's about to go
down for real be ready for battle or
whatever I don't know guys it's
absolutely insane you guys are going to
see
the lyric video in a couple of hours
thank you guys for being the Jake Paula
thank you guys for supporting me on a
day-to-day basis
join the jig koala family cop yourself
some hot new merch backpacks sweatshirts
the link is in the bio and don't forget
about my iPhone giveaway guys there's
only three days left all you have to do
is smash that subscribe button follow me
on instagram at jake paul and i'm gonna
pick one of you join the flippin
movement the hottest words in the game
this song is YouTube family grab on the
haters and I will see you tomorrow
because actually now I won't see you
tomorrow I will see you tomorrow but
I'll see you also in a couple of hours
for the lyric video uh but it's everyday
bro please Jake Pollard's whets pop and
check out this new March ooh that March
is hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time put the link make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
