you're getting evicted uh yeah what is
going on Yuto / the interweb / the Jake
Pollard's ya'll are having a great
flippin day I see you and I hope you're
smiling I hope you're working hard
I hope you're dabbing on them haters if
you're new here i'm jake paul everyone
sleeping it's like 2:00 a.m. today was
crazy guys but you're new here
i'm jake paul this is the team tent
house i'm in the garage and my blood
shock baby good button and allow me to
flip in there rate this day for you it's
savage so this morning I started off in
my gorilla suit very miscarry so good
morning good morning no good where are
you oh you love me though and Nick loves
me okay I'm back he's back and better
than ever
well kinda
well taeman taeman Brown for you why
must your bed it's okay
who's that I'm Turk ah I don't do it
he's from AHA but oh boy can I get an
Ohio from you ah how did it talk we go
downstairs now hang up hey it's Jana
Jake what are you doing you see
something know what's going oh god oh so
then it was time to meet the Tesla
contest winner Road clip this is amazing
guards washer box
oh good morning good morning baby
how are ya did you see good ah I miss
you too buddy you're the best man you're
the best you know we're doing today oh
no no he uh he wants you want you to get
out sorry so bouchard's you know Davis
yes it's Saturday but no like you know
what
no today is a day that we drive the fan
around who won the contest for you buddy
I know I know like it's going to be a
minute look at this girl see this girl
right here Lisi Patterson her name is
tattooed onto your body she is here in
Los Angeles guys we are about to go pick
her up and flip it take her for a drive
in spend some time with there so Jake
balls if you don't know I basically had
a Content you guys had the opportunity
to get your name engraved into blood
short and I was going to choose one of
you to fly out to Los Angeles to hang
out with me and take a ride in the Jake
Paul of blood shirt maybe and lispy here
is the one who won the one who won Wow
Wow so we're about to go pick her up and
take her for a ride she has no idea
what's about to go down Lester
okay here we are
they say let's say royal sir are you
listening
no he's oh oh is that Lisi oh let's say
let's say hi
are you Lizzy whoa are you Lizzy
listening are you listening Lizzy
oh no oh I don't know what she looks
like I know she's from Michigan so uh we
have a little bit of a rivalry
I guess lyses uh late huh my god oh my
gosh my daughter's not few hey don't
stop the jig polish I don't think that's
Lizzy are you Lizzy he said yeah I did
you know you're supposed to come into
Tesla let's do a selfie
come on with your name rank her name is
Maddie and I'm outta yella Justin get in
the back row snug in the back in the
back yeah this is gonna sit right here
lunch are talking smack yo yo yo
yeah blood yo bow sorry wants to fight
other customers as well my boys are
flipping mmm come here boy let's say hi
let's talk
say hi blood shark go boy 1 is up
high-five my girls got all the stuff
you're from you're from Michigan but
you're wearing a Cleveland Jersey girl
hi nice to meet you place I keep on are
you nervous I'm good the team 10 jacket
and everything you want to see your name
in the blood shark the whole reason you
came all the way out to Los Angeles
that's litter no no what is it's a dog
yeah with JP and it's that's my flippin
girl how does it look well again yeah
you can get in don't be shy it's dope
right do you want to go for a ride yeah
let's do it
all right all you do is you press that
button see us as passenger have you ever
vlog before I have actual people on no
way I haven't posted em up
I need help mmm I mean here you get vlog
ready this one's gonna get posted it's
heavy right yeah high blow charge drives
itself then that colas I'm not even
touching it maybe in here won't let you
any too much
you see hey mom can I Drive flood charge
drives itself
why not are you on so fast well choke it
yeah ready are you sure you ready yeah
not ready she's not with you already
she's fast okay Jay Paul is now I'm
ready okay I'm ready
why you want to go to the team ten house
yeah
watch our blood talks hungry there you
plug them in yeah he said him she knows
ah
she says thank you Lizzie they're
bonding they're bonding and welcome to
the team ten trap house who do we have
to meet guys meet Lizzie she's from
Michigan in this video our state is
Michigan actually no because we'd say
her city is Michigan with the joke no
Disney jokes
Anthony row look at her Jersey you know
I love you automatically sees only got
the Cleveland shirt on - yeah of course
oh she's got the March we need get you
some more March imma get you some more
March Lucy alright I'm guessing she's
gonna want it in its everyday Brody
you're already know super hot fire link
in the bio yeah I got you fam
I got you fam you got to get loaded out
when you come to the team den house you
gotta get squatted up with the March she
made me a dog tag but we have team ten
dog tags and no one's ever gotten one
before and it's just yeah you got it
you've got it
who is that hey max is blowing up mom
can you stay forever
I look like a will signer you want to be
signage impinge we got you fam we got
you fam your career is open you're going
like one of those minor tickets
irrelevant now yeah are you going to
watch Mac since there's no slide yes the
ym oh okay well I guess your careers not
over a few moments lay down okay so
Lizzy really likes Chad so I'm in it
yep you know Chad can you come over I
have a fan you're like one of our
favorite people on team ten-foot good
boy okay when you get here I'm gonna
hide you and then surprise her okay
honey you in here right now no bear
what's up Michael Jackson what Michael
rocky yeah Tommy's hit Lisi did you say
honey you hit oh oh no no no she's got
so much merch she got so much March I'm
not hitting this merge to kind of plug
Sony plugs he felt it now that won't
hurt oh oh my god listen up uh the
Martinez two injured famous freshman
freshman freshman don't know oh my god
are you having a bad hair day
oh my god do you even eleven a leg
what is that honey only oh are those the
cream van girl work at this is yoga oh
this is on top of it you need to be a
vlogger this is he one allele okay
do you want to drive yeah mom do you
trust me as her teacher
sure okay I got you here to get jobs on
it's a wrap I just so cute I'm sorry all
right wait I'll just gonna move your
seat forward boom is that good yeah yeah
the brake is on the left and that you
had the gas on outside if you mix that
up it's gonna go severely wrong yeah I'm
nervous too she's like 11 and it's
really expensive but Lizzie is Mulliken
girl I know she's got this the Jake
fathers are savages
all right Jess are you staying out there
yeah
I freshmen move we should leave them are
you down yeah by Dustin so now all you
do uh there's a lot to do actually uh
come here come here in the car keep it
from the break now I'm gonna put it into
drive so the car just hurt to move if
you take your foot off the brake there's
a car out there huh you got this though
I do feel confident no oh yeah okay yeah
she's driving okay I stay to the left a
little bit there you go my very hard job
was a Tesla okay come over the side now
go back left a little bit
Hey I drove Jay Paul's car title
clickbait 11 year old drive my car she
goes to game yo she's better than the
Martinez wins right way better than my
house for there they're not good job
sorry Martinez we still love you oh my
god so now we're at the mall guys and
uncle Kade and Eric are here so we
wanted to take Lizzie to meet them and
also surprise them going for anything he
knows all the Blissett ease good
publicity remember kids are you a father
now haha there's a low-key jig ball or
some people are just like low-key if you
were on cocain where would you go oh I
see em hey on bouquet I brought a fellow
Michigan Aaron earth Michigan er Fleur
look at this merch right now you got her
to Cleveland Jersey though take what's
the deal that was her idea that was her
idea yeah well there's Jake Paul merch
up here guys you guys got to put the
Jake wall merch back up here
I love you will from Michigan this is
amazing she said to run is on you just
press it he just like freezes it's crazy
yeah what I ever get oh she's good okay
okay all right now just leaving now just
leaving there yeah we'll go he's out on
cocaine hi I'm saying right up where's
the play button right wow that just
started working uh maybe we go let's
find Erica we should Franklin pride that
we're here yeah what are you taking her
shopping yeah well it was mainly to meet
you to say you guys are famous
oh you think how they're not less than
after college you have a phone case and
I'm dangerous she is dangerous I'm
famous now bro
you know what you're doing yeah gang is
thinking with freshening up it's a crime
you can go to jail for that no no oh my
god oh my god I'm not okay so we're at
Starbucks and Lissy came up with this
good idea she was like yo let's try and
order a Frappuccino she knows everything
pie so we're gonna see if they can get
us an alpha chi know if he also might
get kicked out right now there's a
security guard don't look now don't look
now just act natural okay nothing going
on here
hang on an elephant racketeer an alfalfa
Frappuccino mom is like protein and
stuff he knows 20 minutes later yo Logan
what you're getting evicted
uh yeah okay bro thank you hi to Logan
Logan is that it's Lisi she's a she's a
savage she's gonna be on team ten one
day just watch out whoa what's up how
are you just getting kicked out of the
house no how do you get evicted but we
don't I live with a bunch of ng old
people that suck they can't handle the
heat
bro bro they can't they don't know this
blood I don't know this vlog like I'm
vlogging right now while I'm Teslin I
don't know have a question for you banda
rescue later you have a question for me
yeah by Matthew later okay
hi bye good bye bye no my brother's
getting evicted
well that's news that is news to me
yeah where is he gonna live I don't know
man he's gonna move in with you wait
what can move in with you the new team
and - no no no do you think that's what
he's gonna ask probably the question you
want to get your vision asking and ask
on his clock you're going to catch you
off guard and ask if you can know well
we have to have a team meeting oh my
where's energy maybe hold on hold on
yeah okay not a team meeting yet hold on
Lisi I'll see you I'll miss you a lot
are you gonna be sad I love you sad mom
I'm gonna miss you too of course
any more stinky sign this I mean kind of
I got you I got you I always have a
piece of March on boom there you go
you're seriously amazing this is blood
sharks trying to talk to you saying that
he's always gonna have your name in him
and that he loves you
bye okay what you guys are weak you want
to do the transition for me are you
gonna say let's have a team meeting and
then put your hand over the I became
ready let's have a team meeting pure
Lizzy no she's gone
Oh anyways what's up guys what up are
you ready for this team meeting guys a
situation came up and base
I think Logan is going to ask me to move
in here
why laughing Nick's not left me no no
because you got evicted and I don't
think he has a place to stay
number one like he gets a lot of views
like who does you know I love my youtube
channel but I feel like it should be on
that you know it should be like a
friendship or no favor I reckon is our
but then we deserve I mean I don't need
him to plug my youtube channel so these
are the bottom bunk over there that's
good oh nice car to sleep in okay
hottest - no I mean I feel like why are
we even talking anymore let's do a vote
everybody wants him to stay here raise
your hand
well no one to support look it's
probably not gonna plug in I feel like I
would accidentally be in the background
oh he doesn't do pop tag here it is a
new context
look you like 40 I'll give you like 100
Justin a freshman that's something to
say well okay that's enough yeah that
isn't that is true I really think it's a
hard idea
Mart I didn't mean honestly I think he's
gonna fall I think he's gonna blow it
all about followers so I got blood are
you down for Logan to move in row he
said there's a kid inside of me hope
that always set us in the franck open
your front right Dylan why does they
have blue hair blood shark blood talk
buddy talk to me y'all know what is that
oh my god dude who are you what shark
said that you were just inside of it are
you an alien bro
I wouldn't say aliens oh come on
somewhat a we would put those down
Dylan diamonds dealing with the Y and
diamonds with an i/o that is over a
hundred thousand followers oh my boy no
papa
hey this is what you do you break into
influencers houses in the front I fell
asleep in here when they were building
it okay I was just I was tired and this
is comfy I'm scared of his bed bro I
don't know you've been in the car the
whole time ever wonder why it smelled
like freaky passing teenagers I was
wondering actually good boy okay you
smelt that too you pointed out I was
like oh my way one second okay one
second you get an eyelash
sorry ones like that make the way shit
that yeah get this eyelash out there
make it yeah
okay you got it yeah make a wish yeah so
do you want to go home to your family or
is a nice get them out of the garage
okay let's get you out of the garage
hey guys hey hi so then this is our is
our new friend his name is uh in the
trunk who's in the front this is our
friend his name is dynamite Dylan is it
very safe no no yo chill bro don't ask
him why his name is dynamite Dylan yeah
look at that well that's burn you know
it's fine we're moving out if you just
sorry marches territory what how old are
you think about somewhere in the hundred
I have no clue though I've kind of lost
what you can play in over here yeah you
don't have any more dynamite do you know
I think I just ran out you should get
him out of here
yeah hey Dylan come on this way buddy
we're going to go work out yeah Uncle
Ray so you just sprint right after me Oh
three two one
kill enjoy the duck you got a cute guy
who is that guy yeah dynamite he was
push your luck I am so sorry buddy is he
fast he's gone all right
holy cow and so I don't know the squad
was confused like I don't even know
dynamite Dylan like who is that bro I
don't even
know what is going on but Jay Paul is I
have some exciting news so updates I
want to give you right now before we go
into the next part of the day it's just
getting started basically though don't
forget about the iPhone giveaway guys
all you have to do is smash that
subscribe button and follow me on
instagram at jake paul do both of those
and yet the chance to win an iPhone 7
also guys I'm going to be in
Philadelphia August 20th I'm gonna put
the link below if you want to come watch
me perform if you want to come and meet
me let's sell it out you already know
how we do it's not real it bring your
dogs bring your pets bring your parents
bring your friends yeah and don't forget
about the merchandise 10% of
back-to-school sale use the promo code
school hey super hot baby anyways enough
with the updates the next part of the
day ah my favorite here we go whoo Erica
pranked me for her vlog she made it seem
like she was cheating on me so um I had
to get revenge both he's the best
youtuber you know are you going to Mars
do you have yarn I'm sorry
hey honey you been bent
oh she's heavy oh you don't I'm cleaning
the pool
bring it in put the one down okay no put
it down
spicy kids spicy kids who she's strong
marcelin came by Oh watch out watch out
watch out
it is all over
oh snap oh snap my Tesla key I was
trying to grab it the whole time
blush hey go see if he's alive go see if
he's alive right no sir no sir guys only
you have the power
fine I have a spare key okay yeah it was
good voila content though cool huh my
gosh our very polish it was time to get
a haircut
and then it was down the lift intense
whoa session he ordinal Fitness is the
first step to greatness you gotta want
it yeah
and then I came back home and oh yeah
this is my brother my brother need
needed me yeah what are you doing here
trying to move in you want to move in
yeah cuz I got kicked out of my you run
evicted no we knew this was coming
ha called it I knew it was a matter of
time before breaking all those plates
was going to get you a victor hey hey
broken place we don't only like their
plates in one piece well old people ate
broken place you know why that's why you
got evicted because they stopped you
guys are stuffed like you're gonna move
in I was planning on with this that's
Evan remember me
he's a little less talkative lately I
don't know what's gotten into it yeah
then we had a team meeting
yeah and and get out cool man yeah I'll
go I'll go now bye bye how's your
battery from how's your camera battery
did your camera dies it's not
yeah that's Logan's cameraman for you
last time it died just saying and then
Jay Paul is you know I had to make a
music video which is about to drop in a
couple of hours stay to it be ready it's
hot
three we are out here right now Jake
Pollard's what is going on shooting the
music video uh yeah for the new song
that is dropping in a couple of hours is
just you gee I know you guys are going
to love this one late night Friday night
you know how we do it out here uncle
Nathan in the corner whipping up that
South sticks baby
so take father's that is it for today
thank you so much for watching remember
the 12 million subscriber challenge
twelve million subscribers in 12 months
the Jake Pollard's can do it smash that
subscribe button follow me on instagram
at Jake Paul enter the iPhone giveaway
chops yourself some hot new Jake Palmer
and I will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bro take Polish what's up and
check out this new March
ooh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time to put the link
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on the daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake fall
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 trick see you
guys tomorrow
