or I could fight both of them good good
good good good good good good good good
good
morning Jake fathers what is Gucci baby
welcome to the mostly your mother pass
out your all that yeah I swear to God I
was about to pass out I thought I was
gonna pass out guys but good morning
Jake pause welcome to the most lit
YouTube channel on YouTube is another
super awesome day guys who happened to
be alive I woke up this morning no
smiling I walked out of bed and I just I
just wanted to take a moment to
appreciate everything I had and I think
you guys should too
have you seen it bro I'm a flyer yeah I
can actually do that little bit anyway
you gotta try it no wait not like that
alright it's like this the point is guys
life is short now if you want to get the
most out of every single day but I'll
see what I did there
so that's what this channel is all about
baby that's what the merch is all about
the point is guys this is what this
channel is all about yo that's what the
merch is Phandroid alcohol backs let's
jake paul getting better every single
day smiling every day dabbing every day
join the movement
if you're not doing it trust me I've
been a loser
that's the thing is I have been a loser
like everyone was a loser I feel like at
one point they're like oh I went through
puberty I was looking like a choc look
at that
nobody wanted to talk to me like who is
that just look like a little blonde
fluff ball don't happen but I'm back
guys and get ready for today's
rollercoaster ride cuz Greg Paul's on
the way it's Nick Crompton's birthday
people are talking smack online some
more we're used to it at this point baby
because the haters make you stronger but
guys the point is there's a lot going
down and I'm so happy to share my
journey of life with and welcome to the
team tan house baby
hey that's the squad there's only one
thing I have to say about this Android
ah callbacks last Jake Paul a couple of
things are going on with team 10 members
right now in this situation right here
yesterday after a football at Nathan and
also broke a window like I said it's
Nick Crompton's birthday guys England is
assembly but here's the Gucci shoes
problem is he got me a size too small so
I'm just gonna put them back into this
box and go give it back
happy birthday birthday to you fYI that
was the worst accent in the world I mean
yeah yeah shifted together the actual
pan that I gave you yeah no no no no no
to be honest though no no no no yeah
whilst we're here when you're all in my
room have you seen I know I know
knowing you what are you doing oh it
makes a noise oh yeah it makes the noise
you hear that do it
brother made a video about who can size
bra psi KFC wait what have you told you
can't sign housing oh you called me the
p-word
take collars really get into this Jake
foam there's this Justin I'm gonna have
to react to this video okay so this just
in my new videos up now go watch it is
my youtube channel Instagram it's
something it's my birthday
you can't mute me where I don't even
know followers we need to talk before
you talk get that taste chance this one
listen it could be a good idea I just
found these in the battery on the ground
sorry for the randomness but we do
actually need to talk and the reason we
have to talk guys is because I just got
a text message for my dad he's basically
flying here guys it says Greg GUI on it
we basically came all the way from Ohio
to start training for his fight against
chaos I know you came all the way from
Ohio for this heard the fight was
Saturday oh my god it's getting so
serious no no it is no one said that
dude somebody tweeted me insane Saturday
what is going on I told all my friends I
need your help okay
as a father I got you some kid on
YouTube made a video and he called me
all jokes aside though my dad is
actually down for this and everyone's
saying like oh you got you got you got
your parent to like fight your battles
for you and I'm just sitting here and
I'm like good yeah correct
how do I fight somebody if if my dad
could just beat the man did say anyone
with the last day si versus pan hamsters
guys the point is que si and his brother
apparently are doing a lot of talking I
think it's time just to get down to
business I'm already honestly sick of
this drama
Aloha this great contest okay assigned
your brother thank you so much for
providing me this easy content I'm sure
you guys are thinking the same thing so
we can relate on
from let's look up the definition of ear
relev√© unimportant useless yes I used to
be pop at his career is over this is the
revitalization to it the fight helped
them out a little bit 150,000
subscribers in the past month and 50
million views compared to my 220 million
views and 600 thousand subscribers so as
you could tell this kid is irrelevant
before we react to this video I just
want to say two things one time
yourselves on Hosmer Jeff Android I
called max last Jade pause it's right
there the lady's right there the second
thing I want to say is the Paul family
was brought into this out of nowhere we
don't have any beef against anyone we
were challenged to a duel a duel and now
we're just having fun and playing off of
it and at the end of the day is just for
entertainment I don't know what's gonna
happen and there's a video but he looks
angry like right looks really upset
check polls release the video Jake Paul
they used to just call you Jake
oh okay we'll stop right there first of
all you're not me no one knows who you
are
no your name is comedyshortsgamer here
so I'm not gonna delete the video yes
sit down well the first thing the first
thing I noticed
man boobs but you didn't do bitch just
evolved into the first male with Paul
Paul it's funny when he has more
subscribers but like he knows they know
it's crap they made it this talked about
that through rolling
public eating has anybody seen JJ's
Lamborghini no he crushed it a year ago
you incompetence just love the parsley
we're gonna stop this is calling me the
p-word put himself into the drama he did
for another reason the friend over he
isn't no one no one said his name no one
knew he even exist yet still the nose
name he's calling me the p-word no we're
not accepting the fight with ksi and
chaos I called out Logan and Jake so why
don't I fight comedy short and Logan
both little brothers little persons both
brother big brother in the world they
can all stay in my house yeah like this
is actually legit we should see if
Logan's down but guys I've been trying
to call Logan he's probably busy right
now I'm gonna call him into the future
so roll the future clip and let's see if
he's down Logan Paul you versus ksi
boobs
me versus comedy short boobs I'm serious
bro that's a that's the best solutions
KS I challenged you and and then his
brother gets involved in his talking
smack and it's his little brother and
he's calling me the P word I don't I
don't like the word but he's calling me
the P word and so I told him to put his
money where his mouth is
I'll fight his little brother and then
you fight the big brother and we make it
like a brotherly thing ya know we're
trying to explain that - I'm telling
that to them they just didn't think it
yeah yeah but I mean then again they're
irrelevant so this is like good for them
even if they do lose all right Logan
what's going down then for sure as they
accept but I mean I just don't see that
happening
okay he's down he's down a pair of no we
don't know that's what happened yet he's
now
yeah he's pivoting down we already know
but you just watch it flip he said he's
down or he didn't say he's down but I'm
pretty sure he's gonna say you know
because when I burned again it like
we're fighting a food family like the
boob clan these are real the reals is
like the real thing they really want to
fight and Talk That Talk
here's the thing those brothers I don't
know do they have a last name does
anyone know do they have a name this is
CSI comedy shorteners okay I boot were
saying how many short boobs I'm gonna
make the terms and if you don't want to
do it then you're just being the p-word
here are the terms that I'm proposing
the first term each fighter puts up two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars of
their own money and if I win I'm
donating my money to charity if Logan
wins he's gonna donate his money to
charity ksi boobs and comedy short boobs
you guys can do whatever you want with
the mono term - it's an MMA fight mixed
martial arts boxing soft headgear saw
this is a real fight to see who isn't
actually a better fighter third term you
guys come and fight in Los Angeles and
we hold a fight anywhere front we can we
even figured out like work out our
schedules I'm actually gonna try and get
in touch with you guys because I would
really love to pummel both of your faces
we fight anywhere from two and a half to
like four and a half five months from
now we'll figure out a mutual day term
for when I win the fight you have to say
on live television or wherever this is
streaming on you have to say Jake Paul
is my daddy does that go both ways
though like they go here way somehow you
lose niggas is your dad exactly okay
turn five the loser has to wear the
other person's merchandise in their
videos for one whole entire month
honestly Jay Paul is the only reason I'm
doing this is because like when someone
tries to disgrace her name or like call
you the P word or whatever like you just
have to prove them wrong no sometimes
you have to stand up for yourself not
only that but I think it's a great
opportunity to like raise awareness
about like a cause or something that we
can attach it to and raise money for a
charity and be able to give back to the
families and so I don't want to be like
come off as like super aggressive this
is
just like super fun for me a month work
they got some cool stuff this is so
funny terms six guys and this is more of
like a personal thing if you guys could
just hurry up I don't respond so that we
can either get this planned or just like
and it'd be ideal if it was in like the
next 48 hours so try to like wake up
like edit your video and like try not to
be lazy
yeah make it fun because I just think
this is gonna be like a fun opportunity
and like people don't understand that
like my background and Logan's
background and like even my dad's
background it's just gonna be an easy
way to make money for charity and give
and to be able to give back this is
gonna be fun yeah like you guys like the
site if you guys let me Los Angeles
you're gonna get to go to the fight like
it's just an overall but I will just fly
out for the place yeah listen I said
earlier they could save my house but it
was gonna be here so it can they see at
this awesome
ya know they could stay here I'm gonna
guess yeah yeah the best part about this
guys I didn't even know who these kids
were five days ago or whenever this
happened how long has it been two days
the boob thing I literally didn't even
know who they were two or three days ago
so like I have no problem like if you
guys legitimately want to stay so you
don't have to pay for a hotel like I'll
even pay by your flights out here like I
have nothing I have no problems with you
like it's honestly gonna be me going
into a fight with like no beef I'm just
gonna be fighting some random kid with
boobs and that's as simple as it is guys
copy yourself some of the hottest parts
in the game venture not go back so
that's Jay Paul although we're doing all
this smack talking drama stuff don't
bring this into your personal life
violence is not the answer and
specialist subscribe but and I will see
you guys tomorrow because every day bro
peace join the everyday bro movement
people and count yourself some of the
hottest birds in the game go right now
because the take callers sell everything
out and subscribe and then join the most
lit YouTube channel on YouTube I'll see
y'all tomorrow
