you're gonna make me cry no good I know
yes good morning Jake father's what is
going on if you knew your um Jake ball
this is the team can the house I'm in
the garage and it is lit every single no
it is lit every single day make sure you
guys are smiling make sure you're
working hard make sure you're dabbing on
the haters guys and you're going to be
successful always have a positive
outlook on life and without any further
ado let me narrate this day for you so
we started off this morning and the
flippin screech with the C Street good
morning Oh
what is up interwebs how y'all doing
today
thank you so much for passing it over to
me Jake put some pants on Erica y'all
know about my color schemes
let me tell you about my colour schemes
kids take notes jot them down yellow
sunglasses yellow shirt right ok Jake
what is it whatever that's not that cool
that's not that cool wrong again black
stripe white stripe white sock
black socks Eric are you making fun of
me back here look at what look what she
does when I threw my intro watch good
morning Jake pop let me tell you about
these colors feet what's up next you two
minutes
ha ha any that vlogs we that vlog like
wow
oh god today's gonna be a crack or ting
about the mob the street screech the new
word about the mob the streets of Los
Angeles y'all don't even know what's
about to go down but I will tell you
what's about to go down I'm a mob
discreet well there's like inspectors
coming from the from the what city
oh my gosh so what was I mean apparently
there's inspectors coming and we have to
have everything cleaned up good luck
so then we literally went to the streets
I said shrieks it was when I got the
data auto-release to that do just what
fun I use their ball everyone kiss me at
Game one where are you running errands
growth you know it's Nick Crumpton mi
Colorstay puppet dough we're in the
streets right now we on the SWAT out
here no one is more in the streets than
us with game so don't worry Oscar
morning Jake holler make sure you're
smiling make sure you're working hard
make sure you're dabbing on them haters
I was just wanting you guys to say good
morning to the Jake ballers you got to
do it right yeah hold on kids don't vlog
and drive blood sharks on it autopilot
engaged
and then Jay Pollard's uh this is a
moment that I had been waiting on for a
really long time and this moment changed
my life seriously like amazing
basically the make-a-wish Foundation
reached out to me because a kid who had
a wish their one wish was to meet me and
come to the team penthouse so they
reached out to me and they're like yo
Jake we make this happen I'm like you
know of course I gotta make that happen
it's unreal to me that their one wish is
to meet me the Jake colors are movement
like I love you guys so much I can't
thank you guys enough it's honestly so
crazy and I basically got all this
information about this girl who was
coming my name is Kaylee she's from
Wisconsin wanted to be an actress when
she's older did gymnastics so on and so
forth and this is my this is my day with
her you're gonna want to watch Wow Jake
Palmer's I am like I'm kind of nervous
right now because Kaylee is about to be
here and like I'm not good at like these
types of things but her one wish was to
meet me like why why Kaylee I have so
much love for you thank you for being a
Jake caller I can't wait to meet you and
your family I don't even know what I'm
blogging right now I'm just nervous
good luck it is a
Hacha it's a lot of pressure right yeah
I've never done this before her one
wishes to meet me live up to my
expectations oh my gosh
okay we're doing go ahead Katie I love
you Kaylee hey buddy
what no nothing's wrong I just I'm
really nervous about meeting Kaylee I
know I shouldn't be nervous but much
like I feel I got you're the only one I
can talk to man I know I'm just gonna be
myself I just got to be myself right
yeah okay be myself Wow ah that's really
deep man blood shark thank you so much
buddy I knew I could count on you bugger
off you count on you whoops I'll turn
the light off turn the light off sorry
Oh Jake nice to meet you Jake hi little
one
okay okay I apologize this is the team
ten house it's a little ratchet make
yourself at home
I said ass like right off the bat like
you had all anyways possible you wanted
to beat me
love your vlog girl that's so awesome on
the last year you'll see the martinez'
pins is bad it's kind of ratchet there's
a toothbrush to push guys this is Kaylee
come say hi good to meet you England is
his City what is this
capisce what does it mean though Baraboo
Thunderbirds Baraboo Thunderbirds that
little I have some merch for you I got
you everyday bro you know the drill
you know the drill this is all yours no
guys come downstairs
you have me Kayli she's a legend really
can't imagine she's off camping come on
Clyde okay Lee this is chef Lee's real
they're real aside are you sure
GZ Buster come from abroad they're you
know they're real they're real okay
Haley so I want to like sit down and
talk with you about your story because
I've heard it off camera and I feel like
the Jake ballers should hear like and
learn about you blood sharp we're coming
it's time for a talk
what are you doing
plot twist near Campton bloodsucker
dating oh my god did you ship it and
koona she shifts it son have a talk in
the blood charge there was something to
Jake polish I said hey she knows yo your
life's crazy huh oh yeah you're from
Wisconsin
you're a Jake while you watch the vlogs
every day oh yes when you had to go to
the hospital I tell me tell me about
that like process I want because NJ
quasi want like you guys to hear her
story because it's like it's so
inspirational and I want you guys like
learn from it I think you're such like a
warrior and like you're you're the
perfect example of like you know what I
what I strive to be every single day is
like attacking the world and going at
full force and not letting like anything
stop you so I don't you want to talk
about your good okay so in the beginning
I had like ankle problems with my left
legs for about a few months and then I
started getting worse and worse and I
was like okay we're going to go to do
MRI at the hospital so I went to do MRI
but before that I was banging my ankle
cuz I really wanted to go crutches I
would love crutches I had never been on
them before so I was like banging it
against the stairs and banging on the
wall because I didn't love crutches and
then my mom when we get the MRI like
later the night she's like we might have
to go down to medicine go to the
hospital for a little bit I went on the
ground and I started crying and so we
got all packed up and I'm just sitting
there and I'm like I can't stand up well
I could but it wouldn't be good or want
to break my ankle man do a surgery right
away so I stood up I had a hop over lay
over to the car we drove there and they
had to do more scans and like I had to
go up in the floor at first we didn't
know who's cancer we thought it's just
like some feeling like blew up in there
but we didn't know it's cancer so when
we got there we went to the first floor
and everyone started talking and did
scan and so then when I got up there and
how old were you at this way
I was you're 10 I'm 11 okay I got up
there and my doctor came in and she's
got a chair and they got really quiet
and when
parents what's that on my bed of me and
mom lay down and they are talking about
it and they're like we think you might
have this type of cancer and like I
started crying and I just couldn't
believe like I was on normal life and
then it good and it all happened in like
one moment yeah I'd no clue so I don't
know when I feel pain in my right ankle
um I know but see like but like see how
you're still like are like smiling and
you have like such a good attitude about
it I'm sure with like a lot of kids and
and there's a day where like I feel like
the whole world is like coming down on
them um and like you went to that same
thing I've gone through it like multiple
times all you can do is just just stick
with it everyone's like oh my gosh I'm
so sorry my friend girl yo bringing it
give me a hug give me a hug that's so
inspirational because your life was
chanting like not your leg like you
don't have butt but like you're so cool
about like that's amazing yo like round
of applause for you everyone has their
problems everyone has like you know the
thing that brings them down or makes
them not feel good about themselves and
you just keep on smiling yeah find a ban
on the haters that's amazing for real
have you had like a hardest moment of
the besides that like one time where
they told you like you're diagnosed with
cancer I don't know just like I thought
of not having a leg like I knew right
away we didn't know the surgery is going
to happen we had like three options like
once that a metal thing in there one's
like I don't know but just really a long
tube thing up my legs but I couldn't
like ride a bike or run I just have to
walk but I don't really act a person so
that was an option so I knew this would
be a petition because I knew that I can
do more a little amputation so that was
kind of interesting that is a hard
decision to me yeah I love gymnastics
almost oh you're such a you're
your beefs easy do I like ever tell
yourself something like on a day-to-day
basis like okay this is like well I
ought to stay positive do you have like
a stain or like something that keeps you
going
think of the other kids who had like a
lot of worse than me like alluded to
irritations or army legs I'm like this
is not that bad for them so I will put
myself in their shoes you're gonna make
me cry no no a guy no no I'm like think
of the other kids wow that's crazy oh
you didn't have to be thankful for what
you had yeah like there's a month at the
hospital at my age that has gone through
this longer than me and so I came out
with her it's really fun she's like my
best friend I don't think you might be
too young to realize it but you're
awesome you're awesome I'm telling you
her goal a one of your goals is to
become an actress do you want to do like
YouTube and stuff as well or just asking
I'm a channel the other channel horrible
no you gotta start somewhere
I started when I was 10 yo when I was 10
years old the videos are terrible you
got it Jake polish will support you you
can do it no I don't love unless you
love it I love sitting on the couch
watching TV no I'm really like being on
TV
you gotta move to LA as you move here
then we'll figure out how we can help
you you help you yeah really I know
people I do business I do business bro
send it just gonna find an admirer
froggy I don't wish me goes to so much
so you watch every day like while you're
in the hospital every day bro thank you
bring it in
now that the Jake callers know your
story mm-hmm enough with that we gotta
prank some people are you down they're
gonna hate me no no no I saw that they
know they might prank you though because
that's the thing if you break down in
there a lot of prank you I have an air
horn
you want to err on people Kaylee's my
 girl just touch this button
right here see it oh hey blood Sarge oh
yeah you're talking to you yeah I know
it's scary I mean I can do it now your
god no no way I can go my dance - oh
she's the face no I can't stop your
Kayleigh yo that's my girl right there
that's my girl
yeah she has some she has a question for
you yeah I feel like to be in England
just I just watch my knee she knows the
game see this habit oh you have no idea
she's a cute rabbit she said sorry use
function' people here they're inspecting
our house right now to see if they like
it burned down to the ground on the
inside I don't know what the respective
well do you think we should put this
away
maybe hi there's one more time which
guitarist oh please don't because they
do extra lot louder
I think I just got to do one more time
just that was it that was just a little
small one sorry max how did your career
going now that the slides gone taking it
down he'll talk honestly I don't have
anything to slip on anymore I'm not
silly anymore and I can't even send it
on I'm sorry about that yeah one allele
okay everything's fine
it was confused as to why I was here the
inspector was convinced he was walking
around going I don't understand what's
wrong why am I even here
mm-hmm sorry neighbours we win again yo
Hayley show the boy what you just did
this is insane
yo yo that's all right she the race I
should get in the full experience at the
penthouse we have a merch gun too
it's not an official team tent
experience if you don't shoot Chad with
the merchant
all right here hold this you want to
shoot your own merch that you got at
Chad that's legendary let's do it
normally I take it in the back but
because you're awesome I'm gonna take it
front the same person oh no there's no
there's no one up there it's ready
oh god you officially had the full
experience Oh gotcha dad what's the
Intel bro okay so I just talked to
tested she's on her way back right now
she's walking so it could be a couple
minutes but we need get you set up
because he's got again she gets scared
so easily where's the horn all right
come on Tessa the best person is scared
I don't think we've scared her with this
before you're gonna be the first daily
okay you're gonna be the first me after
this
me Caelian Carson no no there's no idea
I hear next door I call the very very
sounds like oh I would have to look like
a few things go to spill on me I didn't
know what happened okay the last thing
Logan's coming over special guest
appearance by Logan Paul they wanted to
meet him so I was like hey Oh Paul get
over here and he said hey yo Paul I got
you
what's up ray what's up brother meeting
Michael Jordan last night was dope right
what are we doing we're making movies
big moves only how's business
it's great how's your business hey
stressed estate boom in Oh boom another
okay Roman nah I saw when Logan walks in
we're gonna hit them with a merge gun
and we're gonna Blake break Blake Blake
Blake and play a breakup a breakup plate
Josh Logan Logan come on in Logan's
about to come in no it's not to come in
he doesn't know we're about to hit him
up though you ready has no idea what's
happening last time you was here was
ugly
I
no that was lit oh my god what's going
on a few moments later
oh good things have to come to an end
hey lis think your car is here I don't
want you to leave yeah it was awesome
hanging out with you guys and like truly
are such an inspiration guys I'm trying
to have a moment can I be in it
yeah you truly such an inspiration and
like I think we were talking about it in
the test lab but like you are seriously
changing the way like on how kids should
look at their lives and obviously I was
like yo I've been here for five minutes
and I can see it you have you have a
great personality great energy they
don't want to go that's like you know
when when life is like throwing you
struggles you just gotta keep on moving
back culture facts take advice right
it's like Logan's about the basket Ian
subs but I'm gonna keep on moving I know
my boy is gonna keep logging everyday
right and you know that I'm not the
pastor he knows that too I don't know if
you know that it's gonna be so yes I
mean that's completely irrelevant it has
nothing to do with it but because you
revolutionized the game sometimes they
just want to see this little pimple
right here
sometimes the jig wall I just want to
see it I'm gonna give it to you Laurie
oh hi Kayla
no guys oh my gosh guys I was so sad to
see Kayleigh go I'm still like blown
away by her and her story and how she
handles it and it's just a lesson that
we can all take to make ourselves better
every single day to work hard every
single day to not take things for
granted and to make the best out of
situations make the best out of the life
that you are presented with so Kayleigh
if you're watching this you've inspired
me you've changed my life you're my
friend forever and you're just a
beautiful soul oh okay anyways uh but
then guys after that it was time to do
doing that business we are always
weapon room guys you gotta watch out cuz
we're cooking up that fire you already
know fish I keep town on three bring it
in bring it in breathing deep down three
watch my gold also we finished up our
business you know how we do before we go
into the next part of the vlog I want to
talk about a couple of things
Philadelphia I am coming to you that's
right if you're in Philadelphia I'm
gonna be there
August 20th is the Sunday I'm gonna be
doing a meet and greet I'm gonna be
performing a flippin concert for you
guys with all the Jake Paul songs you
already know it's not gonna be fire and
the tickets are on sale now guys I'll
put the link in the description let's
sell it out we sold out Hershey
Pennsylvania let's sell out Philly
you know how the Jake colors do it it
must be a look up there so I'm going to
see you guys there like I said the link
is in the description for the tickets
for more details check it out second
announcement I'm doing an iPhone
giveaway guys oh you got to do is smash
that subscribe button and follow me on
instagram at jake paul for a chance to
win a brand new flip and iphone I'm
going to run that contest for 5 days so
smash that subscribe button follow
manager magic ball and you might win a
flippin iPhone 7 you just got to the
studio bangers only kids we're about to
drop that new fire I know it's been
awhile since I've made a new song don't
worry kids don't sleep oh my gosh let's
slip into that I'm three hours late down
to 45 in the morning we have to squat
out here you know how we do it
you got a grind Jake ballers I don't
even know what I'm saying right now but
I do know that I'm saying something and
we're in the studio making bangers on
the bang that's how we do it you guys
are going to like the song a lot it's
deep it's it's emotional you know you
might cry that's all I'm going to give
you yeah back to you Jake and guys we're
closing out on the last days of the 10%
sale all you have to do is use the promo
code school get 10% off off the
merchandise it's always hot baby link is
in the description you already know and
Jake dollars I will see you tomorrow
because it take pollard's what's up and
check out this new March
ooh that perches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul -
but you guys can subscribe to right now
and if you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 shirt see you guys
tomorrow
