like you guys are trying to push me in
the pool but I'm not going to question
if you are just one thing yes yes yes
yes yes winning what is up people what
is up YouTube how are you doing if
you're new here Tom Jake Paul and I'm
not to narrate my whole entire day for
you it's extremely Savage a lot went
down it's still going down I'm charging
my blood shock here good boy buddy but
before we get in today I want to make
sure you guys are smiling I want to make
sure you're working hard I want to make
sure you dab it on the haters and
without any further ado guys basically
this morning I woke up and I had to wake
everybody else up but this time I had a
new tactic
oh no chance we're shit airborne
good morning sweetheart wake up oh good
morning mags I sent it Martinez
Oh got him and then it was time to go on
the flip and move son let's move
you swore about to go on the move oh my
gosh I can't run let me put it back what
about the on the move party people I
don't wanna you know it amazing why are
you doing good morning yeah are you just
okay I love you buddy yes blood shark
strikes again guys all the parking spots
are gone but we have an electric vehicle
oh yeah buts our charging station I love
you buddy whoo
oh yeah you're such a good boy all right
guys so right now we just got to hmm I
have to do like a closed fitting they're
gonna like put on clothes to see if they
fit me cuz I have to go to some
Hollywood event and do some adult stuff
I don't know but let's flip and do it
we're gonna kill this Oh baby look at
this Superfly jig bones a month of use
dialing at this event should we finish
up all the Hollywood business you know I
do business bro it's whatever and then
we had to stop our friend from sheer
embarrassment roll the clip
get home some of my fittings we have a
problem problem chance first brought it
up to me he's like yo chat is sitting
outside right now with fake easy Big
Easy's you just can't do it dude dude
like chad has friends we're gonna help
you out right now but a save you from
this embarrassment
look at these easy they're so fake they
don't even have like the little loop
thing on the back don't switch isn't
sitting there for a while kind of way to
us yes we have this drone so we have
this drone is a wire on it we're going
to tie the easiest to and fly them away
or the fees is not really easy that's it
what's up badly huh bro Chad yeah he was
gonna go go we all John they're fake as
good friends we can't let you wear them
yeah bro you woulda got an easy buster
yeah yeah look we'll show you come on
bring them down and bring them dang that
Yeezys high yo its fake bro we're taking
it from you Chad we're going away yo I
want to see if it'll land on the water
can we not break this way that's what we
do here my favorite thing are you drunk
this tree needs to be trimmed
why it's so drun bro we saved the dirt
bike we can save this is awful where's
the blow-dryer close to the line we're
losing them die we can save you Joe
little pull I can't look at what other
back foot on the back I got an eye my
finger okay is my charger I've been
looking for this thing forever trying so
try it in there buddy
you're gonna fly again you can trust me
I'm a professional card in my hair every
day
oh come along okay I think it's good
come on at the highest power the highest
power erica has a cheap low drive come
on why if you guys are there to vote
because the blow-dryer sucks
mine has extreme powers 140 horsepower
blow drives what you need for this hello
life we have like we have like connect
Danish Oh connect Ain beeping we got all
this happening we got is a ball I'm sure
he's not dead
it's pockets was talking to us talk to
me remember this come on matter what it
feels like come on no smoking smoking
it's no smoke oh is it smoking if we
open this up we can fix it after surgery
no no really you got a bra you got to
put them out of it as well we need to do
an autopsy on Oh Jake Jake we need a dog
we're gonna do a little John buddy we've
had many great blogs together may you
rest in peace
all righty buddy rest in peace little
dome buddy
christen a stone buddy love you follow
my gosh anyways take Polish right now I
want to remind you about the 12 million
subscriber challenge the jig haulers are
going to hit 12 million subscribers in
12 months we can do it mash that
subscribe button join the movement let's
do it but uh then back as we were
hanging out and Chad asked me to do this
this is the donut March guns ink
challenge
hey leave the donuts inside Oh funny
ever happened uh I liked it chad is
pooping crazy bro I know he's fucking
crazy anyways then it was time to
prepare for the Sentry all right guys so
we are at this prop store right now
planning for a big prank on Team 10th we
got these clown Matt yo let's put them
on right now let's put them all over the
paparazzi is outside they're trying to
chase us down so we just got to put the
mask on them oh I can't fish come on
come on come on the lady love it oh I
got it now
war the car on the loser we got your
young Jake Walden are you you just mob
in the street
hi bro no well these Jake parlors they
want some March bro open up open up
let's are there you go haha here you got
some March one for you always drugs
Lincoln bio you already know we got a
sweatshirt Cowboys want a hoodie kids
first kids first
good job blood shark whoa Jake what are
you doing throw a deep gasp for the
chainsaw we're going to change
top-ranked teams henro killer Klown
chainsaw prank bro who's the game right
it's not a game also blood talking needs
gas and he needs it all down what are
your name it's a long story
so then we went back to the house and
yeah watch just watch just so we just
got back to the house guys everyone is
here right now literally everyone from
artha prank them in a little bit with
the clowns and the chainsaw but before
that some good news team 10 hey listen
guys
so jake parlors once again we defy the
world there's a bunch of jake parlors
right now at a basketball camp in santa
barbara and it's the Michael Jordan
basketball camp and so apparently all
the Jake Pollard's there we're talking
about the vlogs you know about the March
about the Jake Paul as being the most
savage and now Michael Jordan like knows
who we are and I got a call some like
Michael Jordan's team or whatever and
and I might be me - Michael Jordan
that's dope bro that's legendary no I
mean that's look at savage a callers
everywhere and the Michael Jordan knows
that I remember playing with them it's
so funny that you're finally going to
get to meet him
well not in the NBA everything just
coming up together we lay on the street
free fall you play with Michael
everybody got from his high school team
yeah because I don't on him at Rio we
learned totally new allocate everything
is a great guy great guy Louis gave the
baller cake hell no I'm a throwing the
pool wide except she threw ether aunt
Lauren in the pool oh my god
okay when Erica comes back I'm throwing
her breakup no no I think we're at least
on you and no no not to later okay
chill bro why she in the corner unless
you're Klaus team is weird
yeah I know that he'll give me a hug no
better know as a joke oh no mumbling she
knew she knew it's not nice I did we
have the constant we have the chainsaw
we got gas we got oil oil we're getting
it change and then start to breaking
down
already right let's go get those members
and tell them like the pool heater is it
on you look amazing
let me see you hold the chase'll oh it's
so hard to sleep I need your help
can you help me do the heater real quick
yeah meticulous thank you I feel like
you know how to do the here like you
guys are trying to push me in the pool
but I'm not going to coach me you are
just what they needed to work in the
pool oh oh I can't you check the camera
I got the camera turning on this bowl
boy vinegar in the book do you know I
mean are you a Leo on the board
kids are before hockey folks I keep
outside how do you have all that on you
yeah oh my bad milk hey who's your
favorite youtuber you who has the best
March you good day
- nice sometimes you don't - nice I want
to come from behind this knife yeah I
got it somebody help me please William
you have a go that's the heater I want
to turn it on real quick I can do a
little hands okay to pray got to do
YouTube you know you hear your leg
genuine the body you didn't want to help
at first why cuz man I don't know why
you need a heater it's like 100 degrees
outside
hi let's get the next pool shake what
are you doing now I behind the red get
chatting
yo-chan what's up bro I'm doing my first
vlog oh whoa
that's my boy yo can you help me um do a
trick learn how to do a trick on the
ramp yeah that's my boy that's my boy
waking up I just woke up bro yeah
ah
ah there's not even a blade on the saw
bro I really want to get Crompton i'ma
hide right here I'm gonna put this mask
on I can't see I'll be able to chase
them back to England yo nigga yo revenue
my first vlog baby give me five but can
you help me real quick
I need the heater on for the pool so I
can prank chat is it really not just why
I can't figure it out can you do
something man I think it's on the side
of the house to the left
I don't know why it's all gloaty this
comfortable oh if he's oh my god oh my
god haha he's there just give him some
cheapo merch I was mad too and I'm
laying in my
oh ho this base take ball chainsaw Frank
this is too hot yeah I'm gonna out uh
okay one allele okay don't straight guys
and J colors now it is time to go on a
flip in road trip one shot your Aryan up
that's my boy your anybody
ah we have a two hour road trip ahead of
us guys hopefully we're going to go get
to meet a ton of Jake polish maybe give
them some March and maybe hang out with
Michael Jordan that sounds like a good
time let's do that one side was going
too fast Jake ballers yeah no we're done
we're getting a point where you pull
over right now blood jar guys hey what's
going on man
kids don't speed it's bad look at what
you did blood sorry that's not cool self
driving me into a ticket you're the
third person I've stopped going to the
camp no way you guys basketball players
or what are you guys I like vlog on a
day-to-day basis so we've been mugged
right now nope why not this is like you
said you want to people do you want us
to vlog it all right already we'll hug
it we have a camera ready she'll be
logging already then oh we want now we
want logging yeah I saw this already
please let us go man
Mike are bloodshot he was being bad
what's the victim of your car blood
shocks pretty dope right I mean come on
eventually okay so we just got here to
the camp I don't know what's going on
here Jake Pollard's inside yeah we need
to get the merch guns or anybody know
it's supposed to go down off-camera I
met
Mike Lauren I wasn't able to vlog it for
the first time he might be able to vlog
it later but he's so tall he's so tall
no what's that says Polar's I'm not
presenting award what's going down
what's up J rollers the big haulers are
lit okay so these are LaMarcus Aldridge
issues and I'm giving them to someone
who answers a trivia question I guess I
don't know boy
the shoes are bigger than him
every day where's the wisdom army oh my
god some mini day follow shooting off
March yeah you gotta put on yourself
ready now talk to the jig polish say
what's up Kate honors my boy yeah oh he
knows she knows
alright I'll see you later it's lit I'll
see you later back my boys the savage
level is a sandwich so Jake parlors we
left the camp it was so much fun got to
me the tunur jig ballers gave us the
March to you guys I was hanging out with
Michael Jordan the legend for the whole
entire night like it's absolutely insane
and I got to make a video with him check
it yo say what's up to the Jake ballers
I'm here with Michael Jordan we're not
bored hey G and dab on the Mavis baby
okay what is life kids like this is why
I want to make these videos like I'm
just a kid from Ohio following my dreams
dreams dreams working hard on a
day-to-day basis and just going with the
flow and trying to inspire others and I
want to inspire you guys if you're
sitting at home like thinking your life
is going nowhere my life was going
nowhere four years ago I was sitting in
class falling asleep nobody cared you
know I was kind of just doing whatever
and now just randomly like I'm hanging
out with one of the most influential
people in basketball history and even
fashion history it's a great it's crazy
and anything is possible chase your
dreams kids that's what it's everyday
bro is about becoming better every
single day chasing your dreams every
single day and it's all represented in
the merch guys top yourself some you
know how we do it represent the family
hard merch link in bio our take colors I
will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bro peace take Pollard's wet
stop and check out this new March
oh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
