we have a new member of team 10 it's
honestly crazy it's so awesome I'm
humbled by it
good morning Jake taller so I just
resume today allow me to narrate it for
you but before we get started if you're
new here I'm Jake Paul this is the team
chat house or my Tesla we just saw the
blood jog and it is lit every single
thing it's literally every single day
bro basically we started our day with
uncle Kedar favorite uncle Colleen
started it how many came back to the
house thank you Oh vote so loud okay
welcome back buddy this is the market to
march the link is in the vial always
plug it's every day bro okay let's go
wake everyone up
oh yeah I will tie technology I just
want you guys ask them much good morning
what if you're another party people we
are out here okay I love birds because
these things are greater let's go get
some more people come here please
good one I've done this before right
I'm on ahh mani
hey you know okay alright we good we
good yeah so how's that McKenzie good
good Oh actually hurt really bad oh oh
oh yo chill chill chill
Oh give me that murse guys yeah here you
go this one's good no wow she knew this
what and then my mom and then dump his
mom you know we reckon maybe we love and
then my mom got her a birthday present
in the mail my mom's family what's that
he knows any guys what is it are you
longing yeah oh my god what a montage oh
is that the necklace or what I yeah
Jesus Christ save me I'm glad that we
can have real connections now where
she's just both of each other vlogging
stuff I know it is intense
my mom's a vlogger I can't you talk to
my old a malama daughter being on a vlog
nowadays she has her own name her own
fan base name called the panel a nobody
oh that's lit yeah it was expensive
broke the bank for that one talk about
who's the better son am i right
no no I'm just trying to get you to say
it on camera cause you say it off camera
and the suspense bill and then max had
to flip it centers on me wow thanks what
are you doing dude there's no slide I'm
still gonna send it why did I know that
this is coke a whoa
why did I know this is going yeah did
you proper set a grenade you did that
one too
yeah I did it I mean I stack you lie a
me back in Miami flashback bro what do I
see right now what is this row oh no
people kept asking how do you get
radius' ass bro no yeah bro much linking
by Oh bro
that's how you get right dear dad it's a
shirt of you job does it really work so
ya know max just stand right there okay
look this is how quick of work watched
either the average man their girls and I
even paying attention see no girls are
paying attention ok ok ready 3 that's
all yes I do hello small on me but yo oh
my god daddy girl Jessica hey it really
does work what are you doing ok I'm 107
this we're human spin we already chad
uncle ke well okay yeah yeah you said
you know Virginia Frogger yeah
we're back haha you started a trend a
triangle say Iverson J Joe don't
yeah I got a vlog I got a cold the vlog
camera actually yeah guys I wanted to
take this moment to you know reconvene
with the family you know right week we
got the nesler together the new makeover
is a new makeover and Mudshark is now a
part of the family and it's okay it's so
great to have yeah I know blood shark
know it's such a great family that we
have the event that is talking right
yeah you know it's not blood
yeah yeah and he said yeah he said he
could I get I'm the only one I can talk
to him yeah yeah it's actually like oh
he said that uh he said that um you KD a
really nice guy remembers and I just
said I said Erica sit Erica um is it
nice boy oh yeah you definitely said
that yeah he likes maybe don't touch him
oh maybe don't touch it yeah it's a
family though good morning bloodshot oh
yeah oh he's alive he's always fine he's
like yeah just don't don't get angry
Hawks
I don't speak blood sharks but it sounds
I don't know no no no he loves you yeah
loves you a lot
great following is a good thing and then
my husband alert systems flip and went
off anyone I don't know about these
pants Erica this is a very revealing
honk okay okay what do you think about
these pants no fasten right see nope
nope
thank you going to change can you go say
go to change I don't know about those
pants
those things are very revealing I can't
have guys coming up the Erica I'm being
like hey I'm gonna finish match I can't
have that and if I have that that's bad
okay okay no you can you please change I
like them a lot
I like that the thing is is that people
like maybe not them Thomas in the corner
there is gonna look at your skin hey I
can see your skin yeah but your skin
sexy look sorry Gary do you want to
fight oh my god yeah see like don't tell
me oh my god what to do I don't like you
much aware my gosh my ear
I really keep your eyes here right now I
came here to do what you already hurt
uniforming why is she punch me in the
face
hi I'm Donna no I'm done no no sorry for
all the randomness it was hard to track
down everything that we had going on
basically then we decided to go to the
gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym
gym gym gym yeah Jenna just jumped in my
name is kind of good no no no no Kevin
my name is Jenna Jim Jim Jim Wow and
then I'm guys I got Intel that my
brother Logan Intel we got Intel that my
brother Logan was coming over the house
where all the clapping oh yes squat
squat squat I just got in gel that Logan
is on his way here in an ice cream truck
to sell his Banky merch oh and also
Logan made a video about me today that
said Jake you're being a bitch so Logan
I'm going to show you what being a bitch
is like don't mess with the Jake
Pollard's baby because you know what
you know what we do we dab on them hater
but I guys actually I just want to say
this off record it becomes here and he's
peaceful and we're going to be peaceful
but if he tries to start something we're
going to finish it because that's how
the jig collars do it number one savages
you already know join the family like
you to subscribe 12 million subscriber
challenge in 12 month can we do it yes
you can
alright so Chaz got eggs : / yo you guys
got your paintball gun give me it's not
oh okay okay she'll she'll set up team
ten you don't mess with us
it's as simple as that you're going to
be stealth okay if you hear me go turn
turn
that's when you go in uncle cage ready
get down get down everyone gets down
squat get down everyone act natural hi
ray we got this war man in the code word
is team 10 he knows I'm always scheming
the Jake Pollard's were always scheming
scheming baby yes but we don't
yeah let's use rather said Oh your spine
I'm sorry okay we got all eyes oh that's
kind of it
what's going on bro
no what are you all we got we got merch
guns bro I got oh no I actually had a
merch gun first yeah wanna buy some
merch you want to buy some Jay Paul
merch
what is this truck that you have how
does I turn an ice-cream truck into a
maverick merge drug that's my brother
he's a vlogger Twix is oddly tame here
something's out or that they basically
shut down the whole entire street
parking enforcement parking enforcement
parking of course if you parked that ice
cream truck right now you're gonna get a
ticket but L March mission plays every
ticket okay I might be move I've never
seen this bro it's okay yeah so chamber
why does your shirt say LP on it lugging
Paul is welcome
oh I don't love you I thought it was
straight-up Logan how kissing those are
my initials I didn't graduate college
but know that I didn't even finish high
school I'm gonna have to kindly ask you
not to sell merch at my house all right
now I gotta do I gotta make money but we
got to kindly ask I was actually like yo
I know you're Jake callers I get it but
like do you want someone to know they
follow all this uh boy I have to kindly
ask you not to so merchants can get out
uh what if we give it away
listen guys listen guys I'm fine I'm I
asked you to Jake polar merch like we're
chillin like I'm have to kindly ask you
to leave your March outside of the
equation yes did your camera die is that
yeah that's Logan's cameraman for you
amantha kindly ask you one more time
boss not to do anything with that there
much what the market is about you with
the cannon dogging this one's on you
Paul you don't want the heat George
knows yes I want the heat George came
into a house what it wasn't good for the
worst mistake well that's clickbait I've
ever had a sister not having this weird
like twisting recently like
time keep time keep at attack I told you
boss
I told you get him uncle gate I told you
get out now who wants some real merch
that's my flipping Jake Poehler stay out
that merch I got you Logan I warned you
buddy so guys we took a W I don't know I
warned you you guys are ready to shoot
dawg yo yo what's up lunch art what are
you doing
Oh yo bloodsucker wishes he was out
there he says he would've whupped his
ass you want to whoop that ice cream
truck don't mess with us so I just fell
and I was carrying bags from the grocery
store kept me honest man it was you that
threw the eggs leave this neighbor he is
talking to the cops to try to get me
arrested think what it looks like Jake
ballers if you ever see him on the
streets shake your hand
this guy's our hears like listen man I
want to arrest them just as much as you
want to arrested but we have no legal
grounds to arrest this man he's like are
you sure you can't arrest them and Betty
over here is like trust me sir he's a
nuisance to the neighborhood we should
walk across the street well then oh wow
poor cop all bad neighbor guys there's
such bigger problems out there in the
world oh my gosh neighbors if you're
watching this dude get a life LAPD if
you're watching this there's bigger
things happen in Los Angeles can't stop
the road that's the plan to go on a walk
just what's going on a walk I said
you're interested bro they're just on
top of us I wasn't involved roll bro
they don't care they break the law dude
the cops to do whatever they want
well let's watch on the video grammar of
them interested it's chance and Tessa
who had nothing to do with this gig all
rested right now all right here they're
pullin a tit oh oh they're getting
questions no stop right there Oh should
we go on the roof yeah you have an
iPhone yeah actually the fourth way
actually now that you're gonna be the
one that goes
as you go to jail I will make sure the
Jake Potter's gets you to a million on
in school he's gonna purposely so down
I'm going to jail right now bro we came
to the roof to spy on their Street
that's the cops right there they're
talking right there a better angle but
then the cops there
I think well there is like seven so let
me destroy seven cops
I don't break okay now they're over
there actually if you can stand up right
now they won't see you oh and if they
see me bro they don't see a helicopter
pick me up they won't see you they won't
see you my boy he's not scared of
nothing I walked out in the cops the
neighbors across the street we're
talking about how shanton Anthony were
shooting paintball guns off the top of
the roof which is alike is they didn't
even do anything on top of the roof it
was all me and like either on the ground
like throwing ice and stuff like that
and so they're just making up stuff
about how they're on the top of the roof
doing stuff to the cars and being a
public nuisance and obviously you and I
know what the footage knows it's none of
its true didn't even shoot like I said
the neighbors are trying to frame us
stop playing guys stop I go across the
street and get told to leave by the
police officers because the neighbors
are saying they almost got hit by eggs
like they were in their house I didn't
even see it I didn't see neighbors by
the by the truck maybe went out of his
house and said he got hit by eggs
I can tell you exactly with his neighbor
did he went his refrigerator grabbed an
egg put in a bag cracked it and told the
cobbler I found the sorcery of my horror
police officers okay they do this back
in your day you know back in our day
they said hey why don't you two just
fight and settle it they watch your
place and just for how America soft oh
my god then we had to go clean the eggs
because kids whenever you damage
something you gotta clean it you got a
sick see you gotta do that aha but once
we decided to go do that everything went
wrong
everything went wrong after that part
yeah amazing
what happened it broke we were trying to
clean up the eggs on the street with the
hose and Max pulled the hose out of the
socket oh that's bad yeah for the tops
here hurt them yeah
doesn't look like a good situation Jake
polish and then guys something like
hilarious happened it's just like a
funny situation I think I should tell
you about it basically we have a new
member of team 10 it's honestly crazy
it's so awesome I'm humbled by it if you
haven't heard the news already pewdiepie
is real cutie pie is actually joining
team ten guys he's just signed with us
respond to the team he'll die really
knows that the best go with the best Oh
anyways um we're doing this side track
there but basically guys beautify is
joining team ten it's a really strong
power play and I'm actually in a column
right now yeah
Robo tuning what's up beauty your lives
you live with the Jake polish I'm wild
what does that mean you're live bro I
was just calling because I was just
telling them that you're joining team
ten and we're just stoked on it yeah
well about that big I was thinking why
we came here instead nothing just yummy
come on over yeah Disney leave it the
Disney research it's okay to this thank
you but I think yeah what do you think
about it and get back to me was we made
up in mind okay um any qualms things can
go into that today I like that - if you
don't people yeah he's pretty don't tell
me anything to that Nick and done it's
in green your city angling will be our
city will be located with all right and
last question PewDiePie are the chances
of its everyday bro remix featuring
PewDiePie I think don't get any worse
I'm sorry
out of time beautify it will do police
in Vegas up I'll do with that so 10 out
of 10 okay I love you bye anyways um
there's actually pies on Team ten or
team to whatever we want to think it's
either way we're signing them yeah well
we already did sign them no bonus
anyways Jake Pollard's arm don't forget
about the twelve million subscriber
challenge twelve million subscribers in
12 months smash that subscribe button
join the Jake Paula family subscribe
button and always make sure to copy
yourself some hot new merch represented
Jake Paula family we got that back to
school and about books sweatshirt Rob
baby I got a decree
and we will see you tomorrow because
it's everyday row piece cake Pollard's
wet stop and check out this new merch
ooh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
