hello hi watch me Scout Rizzoli
how fast I like my blood talk smack good
morning Jake plumbers what is going on
party people
oh my gosh today was absolutely insane
let me tell you baby
before we get right into I hope you're
working hard I hope you're dabbing on
them haters I hope you're smiling guys
spread that positivity
bla bla bla bla bla let me just get you
caught up to speed already basically
guys our last night Chad got a tattoo of
me on his face dude Chad well Jake
follows you and I cannot believe look at
this session bro I think you should show
yeah before I show them can you explain
a little bit yeah I'm in shock
you shouldn't be a shock here you're
freaking awesome dude and so I have some
we're best friends right here
Martina's twins and I always like to pay
homage and like so much I love and care
about my friendship with different
people and Jamie knew we've been really
close when we're best friends we've been
in and out all this crap and you know
and I'm part contend now and a part of
the family and just we will always be
friends
always be family and I just want to show
you how much respect I have for you and
how much our relationship and friendship
means so um I wanted to get your face
decimally whoa I love you so much oh my
gosh this is absolutely insane I cannot
believe this look at my boy got my face
tattooed on its leg the pictures tell me
why why why can't I love you brother
like new producers the perfect kitchen
I'm so like I'm so blown away
I want the Jake polish to go see the
process by the time you're watching this
Jake polish his vlogs and me posted go
check it out Chad pepper I'll put the
link in the description because I want
you guys to see the process I'm like how
this happened I want to see you like I'm
blown away
I'm hope you like it I think you'd be
like yo Frank get a tattoo no crying oh
my flippin gosh bro oh my gosh like
that's real guys what I love you Chad
but anyway then it was time to start to
the day off good morning what's up buddy
good morning what's up watch your back
Crompton I'm not playing games good
morning young guy money Yoga morning ha
ha good morning blood charcoal buddy I
miss ya what did you do last night did
you do anything fun oh no what did you
do
no oh you want out with girls oh boy you
say are they hot though were they hot
blood charge
you shouldn't have dude oh my god yeah
oh dude I know I know jeez that is crazy
I plugged you in last night are you
hungry or no you guys you're good okay
you're good just checking in on your
blood shock today is gonna be I know
today it could be a great day
and I'm gonna drive you soon okay I'm
gonna drive you soon I know I know I
know you want me to drive you but not
yet okay I'll Drive you soon calm down
and once again good morning to you too
callers today is going to be awesome let
me tell you but uh first of all look at
these walls guys like Warwick we flip in
Concord what people said that we
wouldn't conquer my boy they said no you
can't clean those walls how you going to
clean those walls why you're breaking
those walls Jake and then I said look
just flip in look at it we did the
impossible guys
and so we was chilling but then it was
time to scare Tessa you know it been a
while since I scared Tessa and I was
like yo Jake sup Jake let's hear test
Jake okay Jake
roll the clip dick oh yes I miss doing
that to you ah you missed it too did you
how many times is that I lost count
hey that uh making you that good all
right but then um my boy max got the
worse news
what did you say this why I'm getting
taken down at 2:30 wait in less than an
hour that's all guys the slide is
getting taken down max has to send it
one last time we have to clean up this
ratchet house which is why we had to
take down the Martinez twins room so
Jake baller stop yelling at me for that
because we had to do it max you got to
send it one more time be the best one
we're gonna do what are you gonna do
awesome it's ended cool already
someone's gonna be with all of my
clothes on and we'll see how it goes
are you selling Brown just get in the
office down yeah come on great so far
bashed is not ready for this max you got
it
you flippin scented the route will that
hurt you get off max the rolly-polly
cuz I just want all well guys you
flippin did it bro good job guys this
water slide is getting taken down today
so I just want to give a rested piece
tribute for this waterslide
it made Max's career done million
thousand followers every day and I'm
going to miss it we're going to miss it
bro what are you gonna do now
nothing let's give a tribute to that
water slides and all of its great
moments
you
Oh peace was left oh then it was time
for my boy blood shark to shine it's
time for blood shark to shine baby he's
asleep right now I'm gonna wait well
Bloods buddy
oh yeah good morning were you sleeping
yeah you were sleeping buddy I know I
know yeah are you ready bloodshot yeah
here's what we're gonna do basically now
I'm going to tell you what we're going
to do basically blood shark you can
drive yourself yeah yeah we all know you
could drive yourself and we're gonna go
to a drive-thru do you note that it okay
you know what that is and then we're
going to order food you like food you're
eating right now you're eating right now
we're going to order food at the
drive-thru but then you're going to
drive yourself up to it are you
following along okay you're going to
drive yourself up to it and the cashier
is going to be like yo where is the
driver that's funny right
I know it's funny blood sock I know
let's take both vlogs like and subscribe
twelve million subscriber challenge in
12 months smash that subscribe button
join the movement cuz we can hit 12
million subscribers in 12 months do you
understand what's going on alright squad
it's time to test for drive through
prank some fools if you know what I mean
come on who's ready okay I'll do it
haha thank fuck yeah first drive through
my charcoal your anybody hi yeah Matt
Lee's have a number 10 thank you what
our Boston by a young blood jog here we
go you got this buddy go get the food
buddy boy
go get the boom go John go get the food
oh it happened or they had the window I
don't know why would you get blood shock
the food I don't know what happened oh
yeah my place have a big blood shark all
right blood shark are you ready buddy I
got it ready go
whatever you want to make double go get
it this is what you should look in that
monitor like oh they're completely
jacket boys good
let's all go get the food buddy he's
hungry it was a good try right try we're
trying you can't be filming sorry Oh nah
tell me this is the camera I love you
I'm just thinking with the dream sorry I
please are they number one do you have a
blood shark general blood shark I'll
give you water feed on the blood sure
nobody nobody lunch get just legs good
job they're looking they're looking back
by just go all the way through he's just
gonna drive away one starts just gonna
drive away let me walk you through your
dude you walk into here would you sign
him the food
did you give my man's the food hello hi
watch me feel how fast likes my blood
talk smack dude it was good all right I
did what you can't do that man oh sorry
come on boy all right we'll get out of
here we'll get out of here those listen
mr. Cooper shock upon minutes it's not
the 808 at the very first with a
particle thing
till I cannot believe it agent Luke oh
I'm sorry I was getting my fur bye-bye
one what you're just started on images
that come out what were they doing do
they're like what's in your yard in
there
hi can you put this on blog please yes
where are you from I'm from Kazakhstan
the reunion but it sounds like you're
just gonna blow someone up piggy some
probably like send the nuke were you
making a prank over there yeah we can I
just take a picture
y'all rough mathletes have a number one
come on
Oh such a good boy every night like and
subscribe also by the March are you
gonna get the March oh yeah you better
get the marsh blood shocks I get to Mars
okay I don't know the link is in the
description I know the link is in the
description ah no no you're gonna get
some gas I'm gonna give you gas buddy ah
I'm gonna give you gas come on here we
go blood suction oh you don't think it's
funny
you don't think it's funny don't make a
scene blood shark ah making a scene I
find will go is it about the park itself
Auto Park ready no way I'm not touching
it blood shark what is it doing what is
it doing what is it doing
oh it's going in the driveway no way
sorry blood sharks busy only knows what
it's doing wait blood Chuck what are you
doing buddy
blood start talk to me okay he's got it
he got it got it
I mean that kind of worked alright buddy
we're home open my door thank you thanks
buddy
I say he's hungry aw I'm joking did you
get him some food I got you bud okay
everybody open up open up there you go
bud welcome so we got back home and then
the things that I was finally waiting
for had arrived oh man you're in fir
tree they're here they are here I've
been waiting forever for this guys look
at this new merch guns oh my gosh the
jeepers it's everyday go there's our bro
Alice no is that a version you can have
that one you're kidding well literally
coming in here so I could grab a nice
everyday remedy I am so excited to know
let's destroy everyone in the house just
stuff it in there oh sorry Nathan
sister are you doing this yeah I got it
you got it yeah
what oh that's way bro
did it humble a bit no oh that would
have broken the camera it's over there
oh my god Wow rebel job first thing am I
always close these ones are so much
better
oh no it's your are you hiring what are
you hiring how much goes in it
no no there's something out how to use
it roll call now fuck off oh my god that
one was powerful yeah let's get Nick
Compton you're all shit you be alright
other important songs on this watch one
publisher yeah okay only see like too
much them hey Thomas who wants the merch
Erica do you get your team converging to
get shot yeah my are three two one
based amazing yeah a few moments late L
and now Jake callers please enjoy this
mini movie brought to you by our
sponsors hello there tries to call the
safe box
I'm on it Crompton pulled the car over
we are Park sir
Sanjoy taco backslash cake ball
so it's my March what are you going to
do about it bitch
don't bitch
she wasn't even doing anything
Wow bye okay oh and that is your
commercial break from our sponsors and
Royko backslash Jake Paul guys look for
real cop yourself some March join the
chick polar movement because it's every
single day bro thank you so much for
watching don't forget about the 12
million subscriber challenge smash that
subscribe button guys we can hit 12
million subscribers in 12 months never
done before never done and join the
movement for real guys cop yourself some
merch it's super hot and we will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday bro take
pollard's wet stop and check out this
new March ooh that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
