I do want to address the situation with
Logan good morning kids what is going on
I hope you're having a great day today
is about to be awesome and it is a day
of repairs guys you've seen us destroy
the house savage guys but today is the
day that we repair all of those damages
because kids it can't damage something
in life without repairing it from
people's hearts to people's faces to
your walls from blogging so right now
guys we are fixing all of these holes
look at this we have a great start going
all this stuff is just really completely
destroyed and today we are fixing it on
the back jake pat on the back
and if you are new here i'm jake paul
this is the team ten house and it is
every single day without any further ado
I think this is the next thing that we
have to repair but max is still asleep
on the inside call me Jake the Builder
I'm about to take this wall down baby
uncle Nathan are you ready the Martinez
twins not to spam so then I got ready
for the day oh yeah hey sorry huh it's
me ha ha I'm narrating the vlog guys
it'll help out the whole entire thing
let me explain what's going down so I
got ready for the day and started
Conquer good by Martinez room
Wow
what are you doing oh my god it's a day
of repairs max it's time to repair max
I'm just gonna send it back it's time to
wake up bro we got a vlog we got a
repair we gotta eat bagels you think
this is a game
thanks here we are
max come on Oh oh no the door lock
don't lose your flops kids
anyways good morning once again to you
Jake Pollard's I hope you're having a
great day I hope you're smiling I hope
you're working hard I without any
further ado slip and do that
are you mad at me max yeah I told the
bathroom
okay hey calm down bro I literally was
woken up this morning to this dude I
mean we had to do it and it was funnier
than its I'll make it up to you max I
promise I won't
oh I got no room Oh max good morning
Erica beautiful I like your outfit okay
like I was buying Phandroid out cuz ya
know cuz we're repairing the house today
so we have to bring this down fix the
corners everything this is a good day so
then we was chilling there yep it's me
again anyways we were chillin doing our
thing and then just like I think there's
always randomly happens I don't know why
but roll it up next here's how I'm gonna
make it up to you do you want to send it
together do you want to send it together
right now gonna flip inside another day
another beer for life
one hour later good morning baby
oh I know good morning I'm talking to
blood shark yes if you're good bro so
are you good bro
talking to your car now he's gonna beat
your ass if you'd make fun of I know
it's funny I know it's funny
no he doesn't know he doesn't know it's
actually boy yeah yeah she's freaking
out oh you pissed him off he said he's
pissed
yeah yeah oh yeah he says you don't know
him
yes 400k I'm Instagram
he likes here a merge thing about right
watch Chuck knows Murchison I'll calm
down buddy calm down
sorry it's okay it's okay no need to say
sorry no need to say sorry guys let's go
does little Ben do it
you see they struck again II stole three
alright guys so we just got to downtown
Los Angeles blood shark good job buddy
yikes amazing Lonnie likes you you're a
it's so cool alright blood shark we'll
be right back buddy
all right cool you'll lock yourself cool
all right cool we just got to downtown
Los Angeles for a charity event guys
with model citizen fun we are gonna give
out like 300 backpacks and school
supplies to kids wait a second guys I
forgot the Jake Paul backpacks bro on
the front blood shark
open your Franck oh thank you about
shark
we need the backpacks no no no you have
to close that Clark you got to work on
that one buddy no it's okay
Oh check out this thing that happened
last night actually two drove him with a
nap in the car I was in here and it came
to me it's like a dog blood shark is oh
hey basically guys like I was saying hi
guys Jake ballers are out here fam we're
gonna give out some school supplies to
kids who don't have school supplies I'm
gonna give them a couple of Jake Paul
backpacks Rays coming along look at
those thinking but no shameless glue
always plug in but this should be fun
guys always good to give back to the
community and to the Jake ballers
this dog is family out there what's up
guys hi I'll see you inside I'll see you
inside
all right so we got the Jake baller back
backpacks blended and hopping pill they
were poppin look at that so a couple of
the kids out there gonna get some Jake
baller backpacks feel like I'm doing
good it's great
all right could they come okay I'm
excited I think you need one of these
backpacks you like this one do you like
that one no oh okay this one's lit no no
what about the jig Paul our backpack
yeah she wants that one I see you that's
my girl which backpack you watch one you
want okay there's only two more left
okay what's the one do you want that's
my boy that me up the checkpoints are
out here I think you get it I think you
get it awesome Brigida give me the kids
we'll check in and then there would be
really great to have some volunteers
around the backpack area I'll hand out
the backpacks all right we're doing the
batted away we got this we got this girl
load them up first with like goodies no
no they'll get the goodies after your
kids are Jake callers yeah because when
you were walking up to me I was like
yeah I was like I was like rest of the
yeah let's let's take a bigger
we got notebooks
we got binders look at all this stuff
for the kids baby it's all for the kids
what are you gonna do for the kids today
this is all about giving back we got
glue sticks we got brain quest workbook
thingy majiggy erasers markers Crayola
oh my god all sorts of stuff it's like
it's like a pimp my backpack what do you
want what do you want we got what you
need five dollars ten dollars just
kidding it's free highlighters
calculators books erasers radius'
notebooks white out we got deodorant
right you need that come on take one
take one lather up kids lather up
toothbrushes I never brushed my teeth in
school we have it here for you guys and
shoes so basically guys these kids are
gonna get everything that they need
they're not as privileged as some other
kids and so it's the model citizens fund
goal to give everyone a fair chance it's
so beautiful
I got you the marble one do you wanna
say hi to the jig ballers hi awesome
that one's good for you are you ready
for school you got all the supplies you
need what do you say you want you want a
shout out shout out virtually my worst
thing about os+
oh my gosh we've held like over 200 kids
right now look at this place it's
flippin Juke and the Jake baller shot
song as always
is my boy best you to the head first of
all thank you
so we're also giving the kids haircuts
my man's looking fresh they're getting
the back-to-school haircut my boy you're
looking clean we're doing good
alright guys so we are about to leave
but before we leave we're gonna pull up
on the jig parlors open up the front
throne yup and give them some merch
blood shark I'm coming baby baby blood
shark blood shark bunny I know I missed
you are you ready to give him some merch
alright bloodshot you ready this is your
time to shine your time to share time to
shine
okay guys we got some merch calm down I
know you guys want some they want the
merch it's out of control uncle uncle
Blood shark blood shark I'm sorry
they're all eating out of your blood I
know okay oh my gosh blood shark they
took all of your marks in Mile
hi guys alright squad back at the team
ten house guys he was just telling me
yeah a lot of chakras his timing he's
hungry bro oh he just opened this oh he
wants to eat bro yeah you know food get
him charge them up charge them up just
guy did you hear that nothing right out
of my hand it made like an iPhone sound
or some what oh oh you're welcome
you're all good buddy I love you wow
we're really becoming close phone
chill another team ten house weekend
they're living in tripping they're
sipping they're getting it cut the jig
palm works you know that's hot link in
bio my chronic up I got it like that I
didn't like to have this team tan and we
getting like that blonde shorts a
driving it something like that well boss
to a loss of a rabbit like that almost
yes Oh God what happened there so I left
you hanging still love your brow
yeah and then guys I like I just had I
just need to get something off of off of
my chest
what's up Jake Paul oh so I came up here
to get away from everyone at the team
tent house because I have to get
something off of my chest I've been
thinking about it all day and just like
keeps on going on in my head and I'm
just like so humbled by your guys's
support the Jake Pollard's people who
watch these videos on a day-to-day basis
it truly truly truly means the world to
me the other day this happened say wha
I can't even explain like that literally
almost made me cry and the fact that you
guys support me like that the fact that
the Jake ballers are that loyal of fans
it's incredible and so I wanna say thank
you we've been through thick we've been
through thin and it is literally just
the start of our crazy journey I'm only
20 years old and what we've already
accomplished together as a family is so
unreal and incredible and we have such a
long way to go and I want to say thank
you to the og Jake Pollard's to the
people who are subscribing on a
day-to-day basis the people have my post
notifications turn on the people who are
repping the merch on a day to day basis
because it's more than just videos you
know to me I've always been like how can
I inspire you guys to become a better
person every single day to work harder
every single day to smile every single
day and I'm just like a kid from Ohio
following my dreams and working hard and
life has paved this amazing path for us
to go on and for this journey I just
want to be like a role model and an
example for you guys to be able to
follow in my footsteps to chase your
dreams accomplish whatever goals that
you have and realize that anything is
possible so I had to get that off my
chest and
I can't thank you guys enough I feel
like we're like this or so we're just
like okay bump I don't cry Jake bad
pinch pinch don't cry oh gosh Wow you're
because now I do want to address the
situation with Logan
obviously judging by the title and
thumbnail I'm just playing yo just I
mean not really kind of I'm kind of
playing basically I was like going
through my youtube I was looking on like
the recommended page and blah blah blah
and all of a sudden I see this clip of
like a paparazzi with Logan on the
street Logan starts talking to the
paparazzi and is basically talking a
little smack about me like saying that
like my parents were pissed off at me
for the neighbor situation and blah blah
blah blah blah yeah he was saying that I
was a loose cannon he's a loose cannon
I've said it like Logan you do have a
fair point you called me a loose cannon
you want to call me a loose cannon Logan
he doesn't know there's enough I'm not a
loose cannon I'm no I'm a loose nuke
Jake Palmer's we bounced off work extra
savage what do you know about that Logan
this loose cannon stuffy for me I'm like
a little nuke flying around in the air
about the nuke something well you can
say what you want Paul ain't toning it
down for no but I might tone it down I'm
gonna tone it down a little bit under
circumstances I ain't turning it down
Logan so next time you talk to the
paparazzo make sure your facts are
straight Paul big Paul little dog but
for real Logan you gotta tell the
paparazzi what's good bro you're gonna
tell them that I know my name you got to
tell them that I know what's going down
real have my back on that Logan come on
dawg
it's shady you were throwing a little
bit of shade it's all good I still love
you
but the Jake ballers know that we loose
nukes maybe and nothing could stop us so
guys thank you so much for watching
today has been incredible I'm about to
go do some business don't forget to copy
yourself some more join the Jake Pauly
family you are already flipping no we're
changing the world every single day
we're grinding every single day
it's all represented in and if you
haven't already make sure you smash that
subscribe button join the movement 12
million subscribers in 12 months can we
be the first ever people to do it you
gotta help out it's a movement smash the
subscribe button oh snap I just broke my
camera and Jake Pollard's Oh Thank You
blood shark I will see you guys tomorrow
because bro
peace haha Jake Pollard's with pop and
check out this new March that marches
hot boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow peace
