roll please good morning je polish what
is going on party people step yeah today
was absolutely insane per usual if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul this is
the team ten house we're currently in my
Tesla which is called the blood shark
and it is lit every single day bro let
me start the day off so basically I woke
up I came downstairs and Erica literally
just started like beating me up on my
face to me it looks like you're holding
on to me get out of my face don't
because I actually want you what are you
doing you are are you good with never
let go it's like this I panic but it's
not for you keep fighting me get off get
off of me Wow
oh my gosh good morning gang she needs
Jesus Jesus Jesus so Jesus cookies in
what Oh she's betrayed oh yeah save all
ourselves
Erica Cassell beats Jay Paul clickbait
Megan told me you're new yoga but you
mean to tell me this is where the yoga
training comes in Megan yeah you are so
dramatic
I'm not even sitting up um
yoga you want to be on keen and how many
fathers yes where'd it go
and then the Martinez twins had to be
woken up Cortinas wake up open the door
go I'm going to open it I'll give you 3
seconds 3 2 +2 money deep waters come on
I feel welcome now all this waiting for
you to screw the door oh you don't think
I will do it
now you can't lock it now we can spend
more time together yeah do it no I'll
fix it watch there we go
it's basically like never and then a
surprise guest came well well well look
who it is
I hide in but you probably don't yeah
yeah okay okay yeah do they miss me on
set yeah wrong did it miss me yeah
everyone misses you keep doing your
thing okay god I miss you guys too
what is it you don't like that no why is
it like this why is it like what hammer
one day and just start hitting this wall
like I don't care i'm jake paul i'll
above the world is that what your
mindset was yeah I mean yeah I guess
that was why I you can talk all the
chess you want but me do this is your
car do that yeah my dad is the exact
same car my dad is my name's Mitchell oh
my god look at me I'm a spoiled little
kid oh oh let me close this haha that's
dope blood shark attack what way what
are you saying well no you're talking
trash earlier oh yeah here's not heroes
dejection he'll use every day bro cuz I
got my march on Lincoln by uh 10% off
use the promo code school here's like
yellow every day rule so clutter no one
said that before how are you guys gonna
pay for all of this you even have like a
electric mind explode
and then we made a life-changing
discovery literally so we made an
important discovery guys basically on
North Korea some of you might have seen
this but North Korea is planning on
apparently sending nukes at the United
States this is a map of where the nukes
can hit if you look at all of it they're
not going to hit like Montana and Ohio
is it that's a no we have to move back
to Ohio and east of Ohio fried chicken
yeah oh oh we live in LA so we'd be dead
but everyone in Ohio would be good we
got to go no we gotta go Tesla and then
I had to say good morning to bang good
morning babe how are you doing oh I miss
you how did you sleep
oh you slept good are you happy oh no
you look so good today what what was
that you want oh oh no way okay yeah no
sure like well I mean we can I can get
you breakfast if you want like do you
want eggs what do you want you want you
want pancakes ah good day fine yeah I'll
see you soon okay love blood shark love
him he's in sure shot
he might be Sherman so much heart baby
you were a little ornery today but it's
okay
I love you hmm but then guys all good
things come to an end
Ethan had to leave cool I'll see you
soon bye have fun it's Disney so I got
ready for the day and started conquering
cancellous leave it's already engine to
us dance buddy yeah breakfast Abdallah
sup brah good morning oh wow we are
ourselves yeah
good morning you're about to see your
husband get his ass kicked aha okay okay
good nothing fucked up okay Johnny
not as a good okay we're just about
drying off what what do you mean in
China Oh
me me okay now it is uncle kids birthday
where is his own issue with at McKenzie
oh he's whipped hahahahaha classic
old-fashioned whip we're married but
we're still with the boys
yes who stayed wait so I mean shhh what
do you mean what do you mean whatever
yeah you're pretty wet I just make the
wife happy guys okay all right well
violin violin violin anyone want marks
from the floor what is that that merch
no you only ride the Tesla at the yacht
March on so there you go perfect wrong
ligand-binding by Mason it's a little
small but yeah they'll be tight like
like uncle's like type stuff and the
squad is ready to whoop crap
yo dude what Chad ah that's not me
pressing the horn ah it's talking to me
and it says it says it doesn't like you
you know what time oh yeah she said that
you're a little bitch yeah um I could
translate a change like that for ya tell
me cuz I honey you're here blood shark
please go for time I'm sorry calm down
he's gonna come with us to the store I
love Chad don't don't don't touch him
don't touch it up yeah you'll beat your
ass you hear that please blood like will
you let Chad come hello yeah yeah he
said you guys it's just this one
well at the store now guys like we said
earlier it is uncle Cades birthday so
we're going to shop for him and get him
some uncle stuff first thing is a coffee
machine uncle's love coffee
attention all shoppers attention all
shoppers it is not allocated per finish
you've had him a already business
three-fer a merchant in the box and put
them off tail use the promo code we will
pretend to send off and she don't wanna
talk I know I'm gonna bake so you say
one thing that was with what's my name
you're looking yeah so what's up bro
where you come I'm from Brazil
no way eh a lagoon pool yeah yeah yeah
yeah you see my future with you guys
yeah let's do it just make sure you tag
me at Logan Paul have you seen my
brother's Kaktovik queue which one
what's his name you come over here
what's his name
you know Jake's buddy do you light bulb
you like him too yeah I'm like filming
Tara's alright you all you he but yet
like you know you've logged Sherlock why
does everybody hate you and what do you
guys say about the haters yeah you know
I say about the haters dab on when they
hey in the bank account goes from here
to there you're G no I'm not sure look
yeah we'll see the music music Mambo
right here ah yep if it were your
birthday what would you want I would
want my wife to go to Israel mmm me
accompany you
how's that one that's good that's great
yeah I mean I don't know for you make
that happen for uncle case you're dry
just trying to get some my uncle advice
here you know to me my name
faceball oh thank god oh my gosh I
thought I was going irrelevant okay I've
been kicked out before in the back room
you're filming that's inside the store I
don't know that a permit but are you
telling you not to feel Jake we've to
inside don't cry don't get gonna come
sad Lisa
Chad don't make a scene I'm not even
filming bro this is the Niemen of campus
this is like a veterinary Becca it's
glass and uh hey Jake I'm gonna need
backup he's coming in and strong right
now I work out where I had out man it
was a joke just a kid with a dream it's
just mainly Disney jokes I'm just going
through a lot man just went through a
lot get up I'm getting out
I'm sorry you scary well uncle J huh -
no Chris for you oh man kills duel
fishermen take Paul's represent always
savage stab on them are you wanna vlog
for me in the store you got it what's up
Jake father Jenn gay gay gay go talk to
that guy he's mad at what's up boys -
that's not for you a savage will turn in
I mean I love you bye - closer savages
they don't give a single flip blood
shark I'm sorry I'm coming hold on
yo yo blood sharks mad whoa are you good
bro yeah let's do it let's do it oh
where do you know me from
I know I know we're coming
blood shark can you please back up dude
it's too tight to get in bro come on
thank you
be a good boy be a good boy come on keep
coming blood shark you're doing good Oh
No let's do that
the original math if you moment lay down
all right guys so I wanted to play a
funny prank on everyone today especially
my mom so I hit up Jody
who is going to give me a I tattoo with
makeup but I think it's gonna look
really mean selig real fresh like a
brand new tattoo okay so I'm going to
get like a I tattoo that says it's every
day bro and then I'm gonna like show
that to like the team ten members and
based on my mom she reacts
all righty are we done yeah ever done
Jake Pollard's how does it look
bloodshot
what do you think oh he likes it I am
cocaine great wherever you been bro
happy birthday thank you birthday today
yeah are you coming to my yep yep
shindig oh he said happy birthday you
know blood shock is the cool of uncle
Kade goes in there yeah all right let's
uh let's prank with me what what's our
guess is me yeah Wow Jodi thank you so
much let's prank some people oh my gosh
you know it looks so real it's like wet
and like red subduct no there's no way
there's no way some people do I don't
believe you I just think what I think
with this stop and why why would you do
that I don't I'm not convinced you can't
tell don't touch it hurts why would it
be red what are you doing no way that's
not here no no way
never rely on your neck well you just
ruin your whole life what do you mean
just ruin your whole life oh he's got a
real tattoo that's yes to realize that
quer√©taro ain't yours idiot why am I
here it's every day well with it
with no Disney Channel flow don't touch
it hurt but honestly you've done some
dumb this is the dumbest excuse I've
admitted I know what you need is time
and I saw this video I like that this is
what my boy you know it's everyday bro
I'm gonna put here can I get my visa ha
ha no guys it's completely safe
red Jodi mean Jodi that's all I could
say one work Jodi hey guys come now you
actually miss real something you do yeah
it's every day Bono disney channel flow
okay so we came to a tattoo shop so I
could FaceTime my mom my dad and my
brother to get their reaction because
the tattoo shop makes it like 10 times
more real I'm gonna FaceTime my mom my
mom I'm at a tattoo shop you want to see
my new tattoo yeah I'm gonna put the
camera around are you ready every day
bro dad talked you into it you want to
see that was close
you're right I don't like it and I don't
want Frank no it's real it's beautiful
it's so beautiful beautiful now do you
believe that Julia for half a second no
nice try though are you kidding no I'm
I'm sorry I love you I grab I call my
dad what's up I'm at a tattoo shop you
want to see my new tattoo
all right no it's real chance I'm for
real it's real bro it's real dad talked
me into it why you don't like it like
yeah if it's real
I love you my pasta it's real so I buy
as if he thinks it's real all right so
we're gonna some nail art I'm always
gonna hold up the needles to my face
hurry probably fooled you sorry and then
hopefully I can get on the phone with
Logan so he gets do you mind urge that
do what you should do is watch your skin
a little tattoo okay Jerry paid for it
then you can just get to some nail if
I'm doing it well just get a real tattoo
I don't know about that Jay I don't know
if I'm ready bro that's that it I just
got a real face that's you at night I
don't know like what I think about it
this is called getting the thumbnail
kids pay attention we got the gun and
everything hey that's not real no you
did not get a tattoo
okay set up oh my god I need one can I
say it's everyday bro max I'm just gonna
log in you'll like it I mean this is
yoga yeah this is yoga oh my god you
know guy yeah yeah not my favorite thing
about you but it'll do I mean what's my
favorite what's your favorite okay
character I want to show you my new tat
what is it that's not real is it yeah no
it's not
it is don't touch it oh it hurts why is
your face red
you're not gonna tattoo it means blah do
you like it looks great honey
is that real yeah you know I'm really
confused like I hope that's not real is
real say you swear why don't you like it
I do I love it looks great I just like
bold you know like on your face oh my
god can you believe it it does look real
nanogen
oh hey oh hey Roy it actually looks
really real who did that look you I like
your ads thank you I like your
sweatshirt the only comment I come from
I'm in this much inner layer up yeah
okay okay
j-jake ballers don't forget about the
back-to-school sale to get yourself ten
percent off no mark join the Jake Paula
family whose youngest family on YouTube
and smash that subscribe button twelve
million subscribers in
once we have a chance to break a record
guys join the movement for real it's
going to be absolutely insane this is
just the start and I will see you
tomorrow because it's every day bro
peace
Jake Pollard's wet stop and check out
this new merch ooh that merch is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
peace
