oh no making noises no you got there
it's a together it's just got to go do
you good morning take colors what is
going on guys today wise absolutely
amazing let me narrate it for you but
before that I want to make sure you guys
are having a great day
I want to make sure you're dabbing on
the mattes I want to make sure you're
smiling make sure you're working hard if
you do all of those things you will be
successful but let's dive right into it
so this morning I got a wake-up call
from the Martinez twins so I got dressed
in my Jake Palmer's Lincoln bio 10% off
sale
use the promo code school yeah backpacks
are available ex sweatshirts they're all
hot anyways I got dressed and ready for
the day when you see Brooke it's
probably to take day how you can open
that alone
hey Jake open open bro you can just
leave there bro
what are you doing bud ah see ballers
the one you vote are you bugging yeah no
my lord
yeah oh my god I'll sleep in there with
that leave me alone ah yes so I was
ready for the day and I like just
started doing things bro I was just
doing things
hey good morning everybody I'm Jake Paul
I'm Jake ball thank you for waking me up
buddy you got highlights in your hair
though you guys are growing up you guys
are going up good morning max this
morning yo what is that jazz game you
hit the tail already honey you ain't he
oh it's like Chad as always here with us
uncle they've been pushed going on but
Amash man that's doing good
Laurel I like that very uncle you keep
it up kid Milan
nothing whoa I'm ready for today now so
we get a million packages every single
day all of this stuff right look at all
these packages packages packages and
there's never anything good inside of
them where do they come from hell no
people just literally just send us stuff
literally literally literally every
single thing of the day yeah so bro but
today today is a very special day
because we finally got sent something
great it was great it's kind of great
it's kind of great guys come check this
out you're gonna want to see this look
at what we got we got two little mini
drone errs look at these mini drone errs
you know what I mean we got to do
something toast and I think something
would be good you like that right can I
say wrong drawers I say we just have
like a giant deathmatch and just start
just like you know you don't need or
know what a story
because you see finish my food we're did
oh let's have a deathmatch I think
that's the move
yeah you guys have your drone we have to
get them away oh no she'll still kill oh
you guys have your three drones one two
three these ones were broken so yeah all
right you guys try and get them away are
you Yvonne we have to try and get them
away from Yvonne and I
take ballers you're taking it up how you
doing
round two round two oh I got the regen
stuff yeah like it's still gonna work I
didn't think we were breaking stuff
until you threw the purse what's my name
sizzles jay pizzle it's jay pizzle what
happened like that whoa yo yo
okay okay okay it's fine I'm done with
the booth this is blasphemy max I can't
believe you're breaking stuff oh my god
get out stop you're gonna break stuff
you gotta clean it yeah T next clean out
my tears you got it
where's Justin we need Justin to clean
up fresh eyes ah here I thought this is
like fresh fruit oh my god what is that
the wheel to the chair went in the
flipping ground it's literally in the
ground yo look at things don't leave
this it's so far in there oh my gosh we
play a hole in our ground thing you
think of China through there oh well no
let's dig up you trying to go too tight
no I want to go to China
they got alright come on I got a shovel
not pick it yeah China China China China
coming for you let me tell you how fun
it is to play that game like there is
nothing better than trying to chase
drones down there real video game oh my
god this is kind of when things took a
twist for the worse obviously threw it
in the garbage yeah no no no no there's
oh it's not your printer I don't think
it's broken it might not be broken
it's not broken you guys are seriously
so annoying Chad Chad grab the printer
Chad's gonna grab it might still work
honey honey babe I'm sorry for breaking
it yo do you want me to like go to the
like Starbucks or something term x7f a
name I can go somewhere and print it for
you
you guys just break everything I'm sorry
hey babe which one am i talking him to
that's why it was a joke you're in
trouble Chris yeah I was channeling your
joke I said hey babe and it was like
hard in the Tesla and the same in the
frame and he said to test no I was
talking about her but it was funny like
there's gonna be a joke like yeah it was
just like it was a bad Disney joke
no joke scenario moving on to bigger
better things yeah so then it was time
to go mobile
Autobots steamed n roll out it's time to
go mobile people guys I got the best
idea it's a hot day in Los Angeles okay
we want to do something go Wow wait
let's go to the fair you know that video
oh yeah yeah that's like ride
you want to come it'll be like we can
vine you could be a third wheel it's
gonna be great she can she can Daisy hey
good yeah very good
yeah we ship it goes yes ship it right
we're working on her Chi B wait huh look
it good Oh No cool let's go to the fair
oh my god nobody knew me back no no max
I missed this so much broken on yo guys
this is a warm-up for the fair I'm all
cooking send it are you feeling I'm not
silly max you guys silly disgusting oh
it's in the tree forever
now go yeah that's my boy Matthew but
without any further ado let's uh yeah
a core you have to put asset you want to
race shirt Audie RA versus Tesla P 100 D
off the line ready three two one go
look it's put on and put it on the put
up aa decent yeah that is that you buddy
yeah it's the meaning Ethan I miss you
buddy I miss you do you miss me hello No
Oh Doris time Brendan fail well that's
what he said yeah hi hi sorry the call
failed how'd you miss me yeah that's not
the same without you I miss you man do
you wanna hang out tomorrow maybe yeah I
thought I was ready to come over like
ten cool yeah okay you saw my Tesla you
liked it right while I'm talking to you
I'm not driving right now
oh no way yes I could talk to you and
vlog that's mainly looks here alright
I'll see you tomorrow right Jost is that
a Jake Paul phone case thingy oh wait
baby Lincoln buy out Lincoln vile you've
just got to the fair what is good party
people living hang on everybody
this looks like a lot of fun man I mean
I oh yeah yeah are you ready yeah are
you ready I'm ready
Martina is at the fair you see all this
stuff yeah all the prizes
it's free you could just take it oh
really yeah you just take it just have
whatever one you want just in just go
away
Thank You yep yeah that one yes
freestyle free a free cool yeah oh we
found some Jake ballers yes
I'd say we should be saying okay later
okay great yes just walk around you know
no I don't want it because you can have
it I'll just get up yeah I got to run
guys we found this line look at this
price this is litter that's right quad
was on my Manor we hold it for one
second squad he's a blogger I read you
in the Tesla and I'm not to be too
excited oh my god I try to jump it
Hennessey Keenan are you team is my
pants what they rolled up oh my gosh are
you here
there's somebody take waters out here
it's too late I just got my mixtape it
gets chatting the little kids so he's
all grown up now look it up girl they're
going to my penis
daddy daddy what's up we lost the
Martinez trans wins were they I think
it's all good because we found a lost
child section Martinez yo Martinez we
found you guys come on where did you go
a little huge help from my god I almost
thank you guys thank you sorry
yeah I'm good just follow us okay are
you pregnant are you pregnant Jake
called yeah silly dilly dilly okay so if
I use this one ball to knock off all
three of those cubes then I get a prime
yes I get a front you get one of these
things take off the pitch because we get
to like help I don't think so look you
gotta grow America over you but you
still have cake right don't get too
close to because I have to get you as
heat no we're gonna shoot the guns looks
like a machine all right it says it's
free comic hello time to smile ha ha
there we go
what did you win are you ready oh oh oh
oh oh my gosh
now we're going on this guy oh my gosh
look at that thing let's live in sin
dear boy oh you're silly
oh yeah oh my gosh
yo what's up just annoying the vlog I
feel like I shouldn't have brought my
blog but it didn't happen if you didn't
belong it am i right it's just gonna
drop it oh my god who is this how's this
now I was like the second birth everyone
acted up but it was shit wasn't even
that good I mean all right like I said
the strongest on me out there going the
movement's roll million subscribers in
12 months
smash that subscribe button top the
March blinkin mile so now we're getting
this nitrous infuse popcorn or something
that is lit oh my boy satis shirt oh my
god we're coming out of my mouth I'll be
try oh my eat it
are you even baked bro no my god oh yeah
bro
Oh
we're gonna start to take caller stay
with Jake Muller right that's my boy
it's very late I don't even know what's
going on all over the place oh he does
acknowledge time yeah you like that
it's a monster truck I think you're hot
what's up guys
Martinez come here now stop right there
stop right there right don't be mad at
me I'm just not I love you can I talk
into your walkie-talkie I told you can
we switch the language Martinez you have
a new friends yeah Erica you excited
right now come on you're having a
fountain gosh we're gonna go robos
benamber gonna go today we observe Erica
and her natural habitat I'm gonna crank
this is Rebecca
you won't grab one yeah you won't grab
it you won't grab it get it yeah you got
it
oh my boy I bet you want twenty minutes
later
no one got bombarded Jake ballers are so
savage you already know and now it's
time to whip let's wait
I never use security to make amends it
oh oh baby back in the team's head house
guys and I asked the Jake Pollard's to
help me come up with the name for BAE
because you know it needs a flipping
name and we got it so I was like singing
so long and hard I was like yo it looks
like a shark like this is like the color
like I was like a sharp three dog go
Jake what it's got this like red on and
it's got this like red racing stripes
the flippin red brake callipers and so I
was like yo blood shark imma call it the
blood shark
cuz it's fast it's lethal it will flip
and kill you and take all of your blood
and look at this too when you put the
sides up it's like a shark fin look at
that it's like the top of a shark fin
like when it goes you know what I mean
bro and so when it's mobbing it like we
could play like the jaws shark music
well and like these look like shark eyes
almost it's the perfect thing people
introducing you to the blood shark yeah
I'm naming it the blood shark okay blood
sharks don't and guys right now I'm
about to pull a savage prank on the rest
of team 10 basically with the tesla app
you can automatically honk the horn and
flash the lights I'm not going to do the
horn this is then we'll hear it look if
I click this it will flash the lights
not only that but there's a feature on
this where I can move the car literally
back and forth within the garage and so
like obviously no one's in the car
they're going to think that it's haunted
or I'm going to try and make them think
that it's haunted
uncle anything is going to be in on it
in the corner per usual oh they're all
out there right now I'm just going to
start honking it and like flash in it I
don't know it's going to happen but I'm
gonna have to be like low-key I'm I
thought
here so I'll just warn ya that's not my
son's bed he's giving you that look to
what he's giving me that one what look
that whenever like paranormal happens we
just know we look at it like some reason
everybody's name in the lifestyle it is
supposed to do that was the key show me
the key I don't have the keys on my desk
we don't have it Eric plus the light now
don't even say that on a bus the lights
every day bro peace bro we're all dead
whoa what is going on oh oh I'm wrong
I'm vlogging this adjacent happens yo
good lie sir
oh my god oh my god what dude Wow
throwing up making noises yo you got
there it's a together list it's just got
to go yeah so listen if it's just your
car that's on it that's kind of dope
Aaron turn my car on and it will turn
out no it's really weird which is this
app like when I write for a song you
just go yes idiot how do you not know
what the Tesla afro um okay I got mad at
me chick boys were you out of good job
blood Chuck good job good job we're
gonna prank more people like that baby
yes we are
are you mad yeah alright guys that is it
for today's video don't forget about the
12 million subscriber challenge 12
million followers and 12 months let's do
a baby to match that subscribe button
and become a part of the Jake fat Pauly
family gets on March rip it Harvey is
livid savage and uh we will see you
tomorrow because is everyday bro cake
Pollard's what stop and check out this
new March Oh that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 Church see you guys tomorrow
poof
