this Tesla is done now we're making it
up right now the names are inside of it
you're going to get to see everything
you're going to see the color that we
chose what slip Tesla bro good morning
Jake Pollard's what is going on party
people you are all beautiful I hope you
are having a great day allow me to
narrate mine for you Wow are you in for
one so basically this morning I woke up
I had to expose my brother good morning
Jake Pollard's I'm about to put my
brother to the test
sorry Logan as I expose you but I do
this every year and usually never gets
it right yo what's up bro how's your day
oh yeah waking up snow but oh yeah I
like doing it
anyways I do you know what today is
Logan Paul exposed title or something
it's 8:30 a.m. I got my truth um no I'm
not logging anymore bye what should we
do bro
I knew about it but like what should we
do what I must think for a little bit
but bro we got to do something why I
hired by yo your ball exposed he never
knows every single I literally remind
him every single year oh gosh
who's the better son take Paula Stern yo
it's my mom's birthday like I don't know
what to do I've been traveling like
crazy
the one thing she did say is that she
wants jewelry so I don't know so I know
that like girls jewelry like every girl
wants Cartier and so right now I'm on
their site
and I think I'm going to get her like a
ring and a bracelet I don't know which
one she wants maybe I'll FaceTime her
and let her do the shopping hopefully
she answers mom mom oh she something but
how would you say she's usually the only
one who answers my calls that is a
female happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear mom
happy birthday to you I love you are you
having a good birthday grandma Jo oh
good how are you
well I shouldn't like rabbit jokes right
now if you have a Tesla for Shannon mom
how is your your shoulder and ribs
better so Jake colors if you don't know
my mom like broke her ribs and a
shoulder playing kickball because she's
a flippin sad then mom tell them that
you still got a home run we never take
out I've been traveling like crazy but I
wish I could be with you for for your
birthday but instead I'm going to take
you shopping no right now have you ever
heard of this brand do you want me to
pick it out mom you deserve the best you
birthed me
yeah sauce thing I'll get you a ring in
a bracelet it's like six thousand
dollars but hey all right but here's
what I want you to do go online and then
pick out two of them and I'm gonna get
it for you okay I'm telling you I love
you hi Trish Pollard's you guys got to
work hard I'm Philippa telling me that
you could buy your parents some nice
stuff one day and so you can ball out on
the flip businessman off mom Jill I love
you if you're watching this video you're
the best mom ever you're always
supportive you always got my back
you're always teaching me life lessons
and I come I can't I'm not what wouldn't
I can't even talk I can't show you how
much I'm thankful for you I love you
sweet mom I love you seriously I love
you but uh then guys had to wake
everyone up it has been a while are you
sleeping with another man
water and I bring up such a good person
is that Lauren the third wheel now I'm
the third wheel
what the hell and we also have a big day
out of us we have to pick something up
come on sweetie
no place to sit no bro channa bro chill
don't do it oh it's sweet tea cuz you're
my sweetie near home mmm oh that was
weird cuz you turn and we almost kiss on
the lips
good morning goose yeah it's an anti
prank you got skin roll I don't think
I've ever gotten up faster yeah let me
just put this here no I just saw a
gallon of some substance I hope look
fast now you're my sweetie we got a big
day hands let's let's do it come on here
you go here's a letter we don't do not
nigga wake up wake your neck I got you
this ain't no gun
yeah I guess just an anti prank yeah
that's yours you can have I don't know
where I got it from it's I think it's
Chancellor Anthony one thing let's do
anything I don't I don't know where a
concern home did you hey I heard that go
so well good morning Jay Paul is asleep
and do this so we're in this run is your
store because we got lost we're trying
to find like this doctor's office this
is where that took us but like there's
literally no one inside of here like not
a single human you all know if you
wanted to play the cow challenge let's
do the couch oh you know what that is
not really honest I just made that back
peg we could run across this whole
entire store just unconscious three two
one go
good yes dish dick it's more fun if we
get kicked out because no one here still
I don't know why I'm running all right
so we got to the doctor's office I'm
going to get some plastic surgery we'll
be right back well I'm Alan okay you
won't be at work okay I think something
went wrong but she'll sir she's Oh
plastic surgery yeah yeah this is a
great idea my mother can't even move
good how long and then it was time to
surprise my girl okay get in I have a
surprise for you Erica okay okay I was
surprised for you I know they're
surprised yeah how's it going oh are you
ready yeah let's let them do that
and we are here Oh baby
are we getting another car did you want
to rules no no we're here at West Coast
Customs do you remember the last time we
are West Coast Customs there cuz I saw
we're getting well the Tesla is done the
Tesla is done and we're making it up
right now the names are inside of it
you're going to get to see everything
you're going to see the color that we
chose let's flip Tesla bro twenty
minutes late him alright so we're here
at West Coast Customs my boy Ryan my boy
Dylan hi yo what's going on ridin yo
back there right it's behind is it at
you got the you got the cover on it
though oh snap it's under there guys I'm
nervous oh you're nervous now I'm
excited
I'm lieutenant alright dope this is
gonna be like a typical reveal car cover
off the prize you know you kind of know
what it looks like but did we do
something you know maybe oh man I'm
really nervous
oh man does it look bad bad ass oh I
like that already are we going for it oh
now you always such a different car oh
my god bad ass thing either the red oh
my gosh it's like real carbon fiber
putting a crash boom red brake callipers
no no oh wow it's so much oh wow dude
and the license plate to go along with
it
yo we did it yeah give me a hug dude
it's so dope I want to see the names of
the fans because this is a Jake Fowler's
Tesla so guys if you don't know we did a
contest for you guys for your names to
go inside of the Tesla because I'm
dedicating this Tesla to the Jake
Pollard's and so we got your guys's
names engraved on the inside of the
Tesla oh my gosh look at it go
look at this guy's Oh step 2 look at all
the noobs because Devin no no oh snap
Nicholas Lissie Alexie there's more
names on the other side we'll open that
in a second
thank you oh my gosh it's on both sides
like you've got double the names double
the names guys I am blown away you guys
his name's on the inside what do you
think this is the coolest thing ever
hey what up you guys hooked it up yeah
next level look at it rope follow me on
instagram at jake paul always look at
this steering wheel they got the red
that's normally chrome it's next level
and all of its glory
I can't believe it to college this is
for us we got to do a montage of it with
dope music I'm telling you roll the
montage animal Brock overhead with the
job girls all the immigrants are optimal
bog away with job girl building a mobile
app car when John down go 80 with the
job down on the way down loading
immobile with the Disney Channel some
dope on saga cause the song cause the
sauce no more Disney Channel flow okay
okay you guys wanna know why he has it
right but you have to play this I forgot
about that part
you forgot okay I got a Tesla and guys
they also recorded video of then like
making the whole entire thing so you can
see it check it
I can't thank you guys enough you guys
literally killed it like thank you so
much for working hard on this West Coast
Customs guys always like number one out
there we've been killed it for us the
Jake Wohlers will always support
everything that you guys do check out
their socials imma put the like the
links in the description and everything
they deserve all the love that we can go
give them because this is like my
favorite thing in life and they come
through a beautiful bubble machetes here
the carbon wing are you like our new
family so I do it's like live now to say
I wish uncle K family car win but win to
the kids come what my we're working I
think we're I'm ready you're ready uncle
chance ok Godfather I don't know about
that is that a hickey no paintball
people alright it's officially mine
again thank you so much to her until the
RS is done week guys just way down at RS
is about to be super hot let's go guys
Los Angeles automate is always it yeah
he's gonna I don't know all right
West guy you know where I could have
bought no just got I got many brothers
all of my mouth and I worry about
nothing we all do it tonight describe
hold up time to vote up hopping battle
just to mix it with the coda Gus I'm
menacing and flexing so gone let's flip
in with honey
haha and then I'm gonna set oh my gosh
it's currently driving itself
look at it go knows I mean don't you
have to pay attention hey Jake ballers
what's going on oh is that a butterfly
that's what jokes Disney joke
now we're going like super fast and it's
driving itself yeah I don't know how to
feel
look at ya half the marathon what would
I do what will it do okay I had to take
over I had to take over
Loki it wasn't ready now it's by itself
look at that also good West Coast
Customs let's look and love you guys
their domain uncle Nathan and chance
hey uncle Nathan's in the corner that
must sucked it actually I have to drive
I'm literally just chillin right now
it's just like with me my mind is blown
yo the whip game is too strong like look
how strong this whip game is I wasn't
even using my hands or my feet
what Oh what do you think well it is the
dopest cars ever since dad I miss you oh
my gosh where were you in Florida where
you're at with like an hour away oh snap
bro look at this - I got the adjectives
and names in here he's just like
permanent permanent their names just
hiya Vivian Janka Nicholas this is Lexi
oh my god I love you guys nothing has
ever been in this garage before while
they Hey
yes yeah only me Nick I'll take you off
for it later okay I go yeah I think I
know why I have to do business right now
it drives the gun okay look I'll show
you it drives itself watch oh we're
going like super fast and it's driving
itself three hours later
whoa business baby you already know dude
what's up Martinez you look cute back
there yo I never had a wit like this and
it's got a front we talked about a
Franck the other day my Tesla has a
 trunk what's wrong from um you
know a trunk is you has a tone it's in
the front row
heart I got Jake Palmer's with me 10%
off today if you use the promo code
school thank ya back to school you know
just thought I'd give you guys a 10%
sale shameless plug you are any male fan
joique oh that's my sake Paul that I
don't that is I get to carry around Jake
Paul March with me all the time now in
my front so that if I ever see you guys
in the streets I can give you smart say
one more time for three women through oh
and right now I'm going to call my big
brother Logan and see what he's doing I
want to show my new Tesla I want to call
it the gray mobile nah that's dumb right
who's that
motor Paul all right well it's not
answer let's just show up at his house
you didn't know it did this Oh at night
it's so much cooler cause the game are
Tina don't play you told me I I got to
drive it is that a yeah yeah on the way
back yeah yeah so we went to Logan's go
boys oh there is halo yeah well and I
got Falcon wings girl let me hop out son
I'm good bro you go bro you know you're
gonna look extra good bro yo well we're
out here fam I just drove it with both
eyes closed bro shut oh how did a doozie
soup wait you want to see the best part
hold on come here commitment a gentle
prong a Franck and got merging it
polygamy oh it's a front drama man
Joseph run trunk homies went in bro yeah
look at the me oh that is Rolla
it's lit right let's watch Lucy gotta
see
I've never driven oh no just flew
Oh hold up I'm not registering what else
happened three two one yo yo yo shut up
y'all Wow oh oh it's literally efficient
why just did is electric
what sign I don't realize chemistry I'm
speaking of mom what did you forever her
birthday I come on Jake balls let's go
back to the house and buy our four
thousand dollar necklace I had to Logan
I'll say happy birthday to her let's go
back to that and that is it guys for
today's vlog thank you so much for
watching don't forget about the
back-to-school sale use the promo code
school and you're gonna get yourself ten
percent off on the Mercs baby let's go
get it while it's hot
anyone it's fresh then Jake polar
backpacks are so far my god and guys
don't forget about the twelve million
subscriber challenge in twelve months we
can hit it join the movement become a
Jake polar smash that subscribe bye
we're gonna make history baby and Jake
ballers I will see you tomorrow because
I love this car so much come here baby
it's everyday bra purse Jake Pollard's
wet stop and check out this new merch
ooh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Church see you
guys tomorrow
