know what located at you know you good
bro
Mickey Mouse is attacking me morning
gang dollars what is going on people
today was absolutely correct allow me to
narrate the day for you so you know me
I started off getting swollen baby you
got a live yeah I'm in my zone my expert
what am i baby home she all alone I put
in work on the side and I urge the
council flip the next to tell me all
righty packed up interacting cool so we
just finished our help for you with
large crushed it
he used to be in the NFL so it's not
anything Annika one of the hardest
workers I've ever trained okay very
serious hey thank good man you gotta
want it keep on grinding Jake Palmer's
written in it is the first step to
greatness people let me flip and tell
you and after your workout if you want
to stay sexy you got to be flexing or
kids you can lift all you want put if
you don't stretch your you injured oh my
god three cheese's is flexible your
sexual I my sex of all a tiny bit you
with I'm working on a big case you got
to get your vitamin and thumbnail
all-in-one and also kids after you're
done stretching don't forget to get your
vitamins injected straight into your
veins kids look at this I got my b12 I
magnesium this is going to keep you
healthy also this might be a good
thumbnail like in the hospital to like
look just put on the thumbnail face if
it's not clear what is it so I finished
my help session maybe and that's where I
want to say good morning to you guys if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul this is
the team 10 house and it is lit every
single day bro so let's flip and do this
thing basically I can't jump with my
workouts and stuff and I had a dilemma
alright guys so I'm in a dilemma I'm in
a flippin dilemma my agent just texted
me I was like Jake I got you this
audition and I was like don't don't do
shows you got me audition right and he's
like yeah and you have to do it today
you have to do it today I'm like yo bro
I'm in Miami he's like no bro you got
this adult acting roles on fire and so
right now we have a flight to catch in a
couple of hours I have to fill this self
tape I have to vlog the grind is real
baby
I'm gonna pickle honey please help me
yeah marketing company agent Joe when do
I have to do this up it's up day by
today you have a few hours two hours
alright alright I'm gonna get on it
straight is it alright round up the
troops I need to look like a nerd hey
can you help me read the lines
haha thanks honey yeah no all right time
to be a nerd ready three two okay
I'm a nerdy kind of cool I'm an actor
browser let slip in a audition I'm Ally
local yes
finish myself a baby let's book some
roles I'm an actor so I'll finish myself
shape up and I send it to my agent we'll
see what happens hopefully I get the
role they're good right now I want to
remind you guys about the 12 million
subscriber challenge in 12 months guys
we I mean you have the opportunity to
become the first people ever to hit 12
million on YouTube in 12 months so join
a movement smash that subscribe button
we gotta flip into it bro but then we
were walking in the streets guys and
everything went wrong roll it roll it in
the Nathan a sad to leave my auntie Oh
a little bit but I kind of miss la did
you get a lot of girls here ah bro what
is that is that a giant like oh no no no
no oh yes it's Mickey Mouse hey hey what
the hell did I make you mouthful oh my
god are they around think about this I'm
sorry I left I'm sorry
hey back up back up and hold the camera
for white children
I'm sorry Oh No Hey what well gokane is
that you yo you good bro Mickey Mouse is
attacking me how do you need this take
this why how did you get the
Lamborghinis don't worry about you just
taking it hey McKenzie you saved my life
who's Emily Mickey Mouse decided to
attack me hey you guys it's cute I'm
going out no no no D you saved my life
you can keep that to McKenzie oh my gosh
yeah McKenzie oh my gosh okay I love you
okay we gotta get out of here I don't
know what's gonna happen next
still who happened okay came out of
nowhere
McKenzie shook I went I had to go back
to the apartment
and when I got to the apartment well I
went back into the Jake Paul savage mode
yeah really we are such a good-looking
squad no I swear that's a good team no
you said it were a good-looking team hey
I miss you hi did you eat something
what see tastes like good okay yeah
making house just chased me down I'm
good I'm good I'm good but then I
realized that I didn't check in with
Uncle Cade and uncle Nathan I don't know
what they were okay so I had to call
them bro to make sure that Mickey didn't
children I'm calling them okay because I
like I seriously don't know if he's okay
I flew off in the Lambo with a McKenzie
and then I just got out running
my answer hold is like this maybe ded yo
yo are you okay oh okay what happened oh
you don't have to worry about these
whores
what do you mean we took care of them
job is done apparently Mickey died okay
thanks
yeah I'm just huh cor my blog what is
this the vlog pic missive on yeah I just
getting to the part I just told me that
you killed Mickey yeah I had to take
care of problems in your life take care
of problems in your life kid
okay well thank you all right I'll see
you tomorrow sweet ball man I'll see ya
I'll see you tomorrow
yeah yeah okay anyway yo oh yeah yeah
the next thing that happened guys all
good things come to an end time to leave
well I guess it's time to leave Miami
come outta here I put me down
hey hey hey puppy hey hey I'm gonna try
that if you don't let me down I don't
want to leave Miami hold me down no
buddy ow
oh okay okay okay we'll leave we'll
leave
we'll make you do your task I ain't
gettin
okay okay sometimes in life you have to
leave things behind and usually all good
things come to an end so kids don't try
in life
don't try to happen on just get your
ball out on these ADA's kids everything
is gonna be okay and when one thing goes
another comes oh so sad what a voiceover
- am i right he does another great voice
but then something even more tragic
happened oh my gosh is trash Jekyll
believe it oh my gosh honey this is bad
so many people here it's like we have to
actually fly on an actual airplane
that's not a private jet I can all these
people other couches on there yeah this
is gross we just went there security I'd
like touch the rally oh my god I need a
shower
this is bad I need to shower the average
off of my body after day I need to
shower the air off of it like I need to
suck the air out of my lungs it's so
dirty does anyone have a gas mask
do they sell those here oh my god
everyone's looking at like why are they
looking at us you should look at
yourself worried about yourself
duh oh my god
Seattle's Best Coffee that's not bugs
don't see Starbucks anywhere here this
is tragic oh my gosh Erica that's not
Louie Vuitton
get out that is tragic honey let me tell
you how tragic that bag is you need to
work on that yeah so guys better just
for today thank you so much for watching
join the movement become a Jake caller
12 million in 12 one squad where you at
and keep on dabbing on them haters and
represent wearing your merch baby link
is in the description back to school
line is already hot you know that and I
will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday breath booth take pollard's
what's up and check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
