oh my god there's a shark you know this
is where it's like southern I know it's
like there is that baby what is going on
big ballers doing boarding / nighttime
will allow me to narrate the day for
y'all so we started out brinded for
usual early morning workout roll the
clip don't lose much acceptance yeah hi
hair but I'm pulling in winglet yeah I
already got too much no mom no I just
sit around all damn damn can't venture
sorry Fitness is the first step to
greatness burger and then we had to get
our flip and they started rough and I
made an amazing discovery like a lot so
I was chilling here guys and I got this
I got this level right we're whipping
around the lambo skirt game uncle
Nathan's over there and I have this bag
right and there's like no space in the
Lamborghini and so I was like so where
do I put this and I made the biggest
discovery in my life yo this thing has a
front it's called a flip in front it's a
trunk in the front like a franck it's a
frog bro wait you're this look at that
fruit so much Franck bro yo that's
liberal don't fuck with me oh that's
what
so we're in Miami right and I was like
you know it swim week I want to get time
to modeling agency
yeah yeah yeah I might visit my serious
if I'm with a modeling agency that Lisa
run by a bunch of girls that I can get
for you guys so smart I know I'm like
yeah I arriving at hey I don't say so
we're here at elite called and I was
like yo I'm coming in for my audition I
was like yo I have a million Instagram
followers love Instagram it has to work
got to go for it hi hi hi je crois
unlike her my meeting I have a audition
or whatever they're called for oh yeah
model okay you cannot see okay
you have a call yeah okay just have to
see em we'll be right with you all right
thank you we're good we get a modeling
contract yo look at ya
what Kennedy does bikini no okay so do I
just put that on
yeah would see all my well right does
your body cool yeah I'll go over here
Bottoms Up bub
yeah just it well seconds later
oh yeah I'm right I'm ready
I just wanted to show but I'm my own
personal photographer
his name's uncle Nathan if you want to
follow me I don't you this is Susie
yeah it seems like most models don't
even have their own photographer well I
have Sam to do some digital we have to
look at your digital Xin a photo and we
don't want to see how you move so you
can you know feel comfortable in front
of the camera under move is progressive
so yeah one nice amazing I mean we're
super into the more curvier models yeah
cool nice isn't Sanders going to take
your Medicaid so can you go like this
for me I'll check outside I usually get
like double ours will be doubly large at
Taco Bell cups yeah you're perfect for
the carpet is home how do I go to one
perv division don't lecture left
photographers back there to like a son
from the side yeah great and then one
from the back looking over your shoulder
perfect is really good really that good
yeah walking in I wasn't sure if you
could if you had what it takes but think
house you know the way that's the suit
this is it's good right yeah do we do
one more things would you mind yeah see
your runway walk take it just walk for
us here you are on so you're going to
walk to here and just certain poses at
the end of the runway
we're going to review it more
personality did you like it how to look
at it looks great perfect this all
where's my car where's my contract you
guys want to sign me after reviewing
everything we have decided to pass
we wish you best of luck in your future
never pass pass pass me that pass
through the contract here that's me
without ya I'm so sorry you could just
get our bikini back and go be great oh
hey sorry we're games this is my moment
so you guys it this is it bye
best of luck you got a souvenir yeah bro
morning Miami up to take a failure role
how's that bad you know what I'm gonna
show them I'm gonna show them
maybe if I can't be a model doesn't mean
I can't get a model let's go let's go
get some models uncle Nathan I'm gonna
need your help I got so they didn't
think I could model how dare them hey oh
man they don't think we can get girls
they don't think it they don't know
about our uh our gay you know what I
have a wife but as a matter of fact
Justin how I get you ago really I'm
gonna get the freshmen a flippin girl no
we're a Miami there's girls everywhere
yeah there is for the most part and we
have a Lamborghini more two things you
need I mean maybe a great personality
the right place right time tinder
ya know in the Lamborghini turned on you
know how to do that yeah and just start
revving the engine and yeah that's the
plan yeah I usually good is perfect this
is gonna work well
okay okay okay ah they're not girls but
it's a warm-up that's dope right yes
nothing woman yeah we need we need girls
there's girls down there rabbit rabbit
rabbit love it
Hey ladies you hear that we have the
engine there's a really good-looking
beautiful girl coming grab it now grab
it now hey hey are you down
he's our freshman but he's he's good at
other stuff too and he has like a
hundred thousand on its YouTube Jake
polish if we got him to a million bro
this would be so much easier to be
honest I'm sorry Justin if you marry
Jake Pollock means do it just be a lot
easier I think it's only attracting
foods what yeah I really like cars and
I'm enjoying when you rev it but I don't
know just I keep rubbing it good luck
thank you
so I use a famous how you know who are
you know yeah kind of he's working on it
we need to help grow him Jake ballers I
don't want him to be a freshman look I
opened an account I have seven followers
how many do you have seven that's squeak
just adjust adjusted rabbit rabbit
rabbit rabbit hey hey this is our car
that's our in his car yeah he don't evil
yeah he could do that Justin let her get
in no no no Adsense you know I know oh
yeah or you could give him your number
whatever whatever whichever one yeah
yeah both what's that are you Jake
Waller
okay we're kind of in a situation right
now we're gonna try and get these girls
go up to Justin in the driver seat be
like Gil can I take a picture with you
all right okay go now
yeah that kid famous in the driver seat
famous I have your autograph we'll try
to get the girl fantastic if you want to
go for a ride
yeah you can yeah oh my gosh this is
great are you guys models by chance oh
yeah no it is just a dressing get their
number bro I don't even think you had is
like yeah he does right I got it
we want to come back okay
cool guys girls girls you got his number
will text you bye guys girls yo I heard
you did it I did a lot of the list in
there as a team as a team ten we did it
is it a real numbers I think is it real
as all as all 10 digits yeah so guys
that is a lesson for you all like
sometimes in life people reject you and
then you got to come back and you got to
win you got to be a winner and excuse my
intermission but guys don't forget about
this challenge I'm going to be reminding
you guys every single day bro we have
the chance to be the first YouTube
channel ever to hit 12 million
subscribers in 12 months Wow
sorry okay thanks Erica you told me this
here welcome look how cute she is baby
yeah okay so guys join the movement
smash that subscribe button let's break
a world record highs let's do it anyways
excuse my intermission and then I had an
adventure surprise for bass you had an
idea roll the glimmer all in okay babe
are you ready yeah are you sure you're
ready yeah are you sure sure sure you
ready Morgan II I'm breaking it now I
have a special adventure surprise for us
you're going to like the surprise I
guarantee it you're going to like the
way you look I guarantee it
hey I'll give you a hands ready that's
really good hands here yeah I'm going to
do a launch control did you like that I
have a feeling go adventure okay okay I
got you in a lifejacket
okay Walter beech okay so here's your
surprise guy screaming it's not quite
okay so okay we're so actually going
parasailing no way you want parasailing
I love sailing a parachute out there why
that's going to be a let's go you don't
know shit
am I going through the trip but back in
not too close better chill out it will
still danger yes I don't even know we
could charge on one thing and I know
we can carry out away girl if we go
knows cuz they not one thing that I know
and then you know me baby I had to play
a prank on her I couldn't just let her
go easily
I had to prank her yo is that a shark yo
I swear that's a shark
oh my god there's a shark in line you
know you swear I swear it's like other
car no it's back there is that sir
it was back there oh my other check
their swim yes where there's a talk to
the top there's a social I swear the
garbage the truck
keep your eyes people I'm not even
joking coming I swear I will turn my
camera I swear to god there's a shark
down
are you mad at me but there's heart
didn't know oh
chill chill chill we love each other we
let marriage be human we can carry out a
Playgirl if we go
you don't know am I going take a trip I
can't seem to get rid of feeling lazy
yes everything good don't change it all
I need to say is don't change it on F
they taught know what I made it up I
don't want to talk on this ok you know
yes
are you mad at me now you like WWE
fighting me yeah yes yes what I don't
even know we could charge one thing and
I know one thing we can count me out hey
what are you doing let's say Jericho it
says Jerrica yeah two L's later hello
Miami Lauren are you good yeah I think
you're really happy over there are you
starting really yeah the best time ever
are you long nation i giggle Nathan
Justin he's a little young they're both
little yeah well Cade he's a little not
available oh yeah he has his ally fish
oh I fish you approve of Jericho or okay
well we'll work on you Nick didn't
either at first but he came around cool
we'll be over here making out they get
out of the pool one time I want to put
it in like slow motion come on yeah
already that's my wife yeah I was good
today we observe one third wheel in its
natural habitat
the third wheel is swimming away this is
the rare species only available around
couple look at this third wheel go
notice how she breasts her stroke the
third wheel seems to be going into the
corner where they usually belong on side
it's just two guys take advantage
yeah it's amazing so I'll leave you
alone ah you're really good at being a
third wheel though I have yeah you're
probably like the best third wheel I've
ever seen haha
and then the Jake polish showed out
heavy guys you already know this
strongest family out there dab on the
mater's may be wrong now the big ball is
the strongest on out how do they find
that I don't know you have a savage
aggressive cry i won
oh my say ballers you guys are savages
honestly and then something big happen
baby oh my gosh oh snap nightmare right
where did you come from red I just
popped out of nowhere so my god you're
hit in nine minutes I had to fly into
Miami right now we're at nine million
chick hunters be flippin over a nice
restaurant
we're on a date right now yeah too
bright I don't know why okay
okay back to you Jake Jake Paul there's
nine million like what even is that more
just warming up not even year one and
we're about to hit 12 million don't
forget about the challenge make sure you
smash that subscribe button and as
always check out the hot new merch
back-to-school March now available guys
get it before it runs out and Jake
Pollard's we will see you tomorrow
because it's every day bro peace
Jake Pollard's what's poppin check out
this new March ooh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
