USB polygraph it detects pulse breathing
sweat and body language
so you're basically not able to fool
oh my god but yo hey where did you come
from and she's up there looking at you
in the camera look at that Super Bowl
Sunday it's Sunday Funday there's a lot
that's about to go down welcome to the
most lit YouTube channel if you're new
here my name is Jake Paul you guys are
the Jake colors and this is the team
hey chieftain baby you already know it's
everyday bro before we give him anything
today I just want to show you this they
sent me a mini version of my Lamborghini
how cool is that while we're talking
through a fish tank
do your best fish impression Erika
where'd you go and get ready for today's
roller-coaster ride
good morning Apollo you little fluffy
animal speaking of Apollo guys look at
this oh my god what did you do yeah yeah
run away from your problems you know
you're in trouble I'm sorry Ben we love
you bro but uh
yo Apollo I had to go if you got to go
you got to go but enough with the ploopy
madness guys it is Super Bowl Sunday I
have my football hold on oh yeah oh
there we go
I got it guys I have a 49ers Jersey on
which I know they're not playing in the
Super Bowl but you guys are probably go
away you got a 49ers jersey on guys it's
a custom Jersey guys look it says my
name on the backhaul no no no no but
guys speaking of football I want to see
who on team 10 is ready for Super Bowl
Sunday so uh I have an idea yeah let's
go you gotta be ready that's what I'm
saying
yo guys this is the sleigh guy by the
way yo turn up so the other day I don't
know if you guys saw it but basically
Nick was saying that he only wanted to
be the only gay member on Team day yeah
and so
that's what I'm saying but like I think
we're gonna convince Nick to love you
that's what I think is a crush on you
there might be some but there might be
some drama with Nick and Slade got
clashing today Nathan know we always
break windows Nathan wasn't ready it's
Super Bowl Sunday and he wasn't prepared
Apollo's the only one ready to play and
also Apollo took another okay let's go
see if Ohio is ready to play football oh
my god I'm interrupt
how much poop do you have inside your
little body besides us being the most
let youtube channel on YouTube guys
there's been some wine mm-hmm some line
going down at the team ten house lying
anymore people are making stuff up so I
have this handy dandy lie detector
that's gonna detect all of the lies
within team ten we're gonna answer
questions that you guys want to know who
lean beef relationships drama all the
good stuff guys I'm used to the bottom
of all of your lies who is that Shannon
Shannon she might be my new videographer
hey Shannon I have an aunt named Shannon
what no what I'm just saying I have an
aunt named Shannon she drives a shann
van and she's dope
do you look fat no Erica you're the most
beautiful girl in the world but like
look at this shop I think the Jake
Pollard's would agree with me hold on
all right ready pose for the shot
hashtag slay bro that's what I'm saying
yo let's hit the streets
frigo indeed
Wow
to confront Nick
yo you guys need a bond
yo this is so official by the way before
we get into this yo what are you doing
Nick oh my god you're a youtuber and all
of a sudden you just got your logos
everywhere cuz respect fist bump my boy
knows the game but yo come on please
tell me best friend No so get into it
want to be as great as you so can you
teach me your ways the police okay all
right we should probably leave you're
not calling the police you just changing
your Nick I love him
yeah Nick said it's okay oh boy
temper guys this is a real USB polygraph
it detects pulse breathing sweat and
body language
so you're basically not able to fool it
it's my first question that the internet
has been waiting to hear for have you
ever hooked up with another guy
okay what is like dopey I have not okay
no we'll see you that's a lie away baby
have you ever thought about hooking up
with your hot sister is there any team
ten members that you don't like yes
do you love No
Alexander Paul great to have you feels
good to be back yeah we missed you thank
you was it you who stole my Brett Favre
football jersey in the fourth no do you
regret getting my face tattooed on your
legs no for right now but later maybe is
Jericho real yes done to the dogs Nathan
do you like working for Jake Paul yes
until I will see here just a second
folks not make you truly does like
working for Jake Paul you know now
welcoming Bay Erika kostol hey is Jay
Paul the best person you have ever
kissed
can you explain your answers answers yes
or no yes she wanted to say that do you
like chances girlfriends yeah do you
have too much attitude rhetorical
question
yes and have you ever thought about
hooking up with Anthony's sister this is
a personal question for me have you ever
cheated on Sarah after these three
questions I could say that I'm not
partaking in Jake Paul's lie detector
test I'll see you guys tomorrow today
right join the everyday when we were
dating and together now some people are
saying online that your parachute not
opening was a PR stunt
oh that's true no it's not true that
actually happens walk coming soon over
up yeah for some reason the audio just
cut out there I don't know why would you
save Jake's life over Nathan's life what
the drama with your brother Jake Paul
faked and staged No
I would have said no - it was real have
you ever lied to me
Erica yes
I mean there's a lot that goes into that
though I mean like do you want to do
this yes no I did it yeah that's true
well you don't want to do this no
there's not this I'm just saying like
sometimes like I just do things cuz I
know you like coming oh yeah I tell you
to tell the truth I'm like yo you want
to go to McDonald's and you're like yes
oh so which one is the which ones are
real yet have you ever hooked up with
another guy your answer was no and the
machine said lie who have you hooked up
with do you write getting my face
tattooed on your leg you said no and
that is the truth have you ever cheated
on Sarah you said no and you were
telling the truth the results are in
have you ever thought about hooking up
with your hot sister you answered no and
that is the truth I love you Rachel but
I like first question did you steal my
Brett Favre Jersey you answered no is
there any cheese that remember that you
don't like you said yes and that is true
he's Jake the best person that you have
ever kissed you answered yes and that is
truthful was you almost dying in your
burger blah blah blah blah long question
you answered no it was not a PR stunt
that is the truth
why would somebody PR stunt yeah but
ladies please what is genius like it
like I took I wasn't in the picture
right who knows what would happen tell
me soon up the audio any time do you
like
do you like chances girlfriend you said
yes and your machine said undetermined
Alex I swear I wasn't lying he swears
she wasn't lying do you like working for
Jay Paul you answered yes and that is
the truth you're fine would you save
Jake's life over Nathan's life you said
no the beef with your brother Jake Paul
fake you answered no that is the truth
that's a wrap um all right guys thanks
for watching the vlog have you ever
thought about hooking up with Anthony's
sister you answered yes you have yeah
and they detected a lot she's so hot I
thought I did is Jericho real you
answered yes and that is Oman I'm just
kidding it says it's the truth
do you love me she said I'm not
answering that
it says undetermined have you ever lied
to me you answered yes and that is
truthful you had lied to me what have
you lied to me about the stuff ah oh
take it off nothing vague I've never
lied about anything serious like
sometimes like do you want to go to talk
about tonight I could have been a diet I
say yes and I gotta lie the day smash
that subscribe button join the strongest
team on YouTube join ed pose today teach
yourself how to Jesus teach yourself on
a blog become social media famous chase
your dreams dab on the mater's smile
guys smile for me right now and I will
see you tomorrow because it's everyday
bro people join the everyday Pro
movement people and count yourself some
of the hottest urged in the gang go
right now because the take callers sell
everything out and subscribe button and
join the most lit youtube channel on
YouTube I'll see y'all tomorrow
