babe yeah I got you this I got you then
nobody got me hey you know what slippin
go into on Jake Pollard's YouTube I'll
see you guys out there okay allow me to
narrate this flipping day for you Miami
got absolutely crazy make sure you guys
stay tuned I'm gonna walk you through
this okay so this morning we woke up in
the middle of nowhere good morning good
morning
yeah okay sorry fall asleep yeah oh my
gosh oh and we were flipping hot so we
were like yo let's take a swim brah I'm
wearing all my clothes but I'm still
gonna sign that you guys silly and it
day no you lost your glasses in your
hand a lemon-scented dude oh I'm still
got a puppet signing Dungey the
flip-flops and say thanks maybe you want
to go swimming question I want to go see
my buddy Jake you're the best husband
ever
oh yeah okay you're doing it if you
can't so I'm like that what do me a
favor bro what do you mean favor buddy
what are you doing on okay oh my god oh
my god okay are you a mouse the mouse oh
my god that's my wife you can't just
give her mouth-to-mouth like that
I'm sorry we're done filming you want to
film film inside of cage
are you mad at me no Matt I'm just
letting you know if you keep filming
you're gonna have to match me to get it
perfect I'm not even filming what are
you doing you're filming your for you
isn't a camera it's the camera that
makes you think that I was filming I
really don't want to make this if I'm
gonna have to go to management they're
going to have to contact my brother you
know what we're not brother oh no that
guy was pissed so we had to cross my
eyes then I saw Erica my BAE in the gym
and yeah yeah work it girl girl you look
so good
you look so good thank you oh my god yes
hump it come on tone that booty come on
we gotta get better girl we gotta get
better
ah and then we was in the elevator just
chilling it has nothing to do with
anything but I just thought I'd show you
because it's a vlog it's my day do it
well roll the clip
cani job no no don't do it
okay the next thing that happened just
roll the clip yes Jake Pollak what's
going on up conduct hold on let me get
light again guys I am about to create a
flippin challenge I'm about to create a
challenge for you guys so let me explain
the situation here we have the chance to
be the first people ever to get 12
million subscribers in 12 months
why why what
Jake Pollard's we have like 75 days to
get to the 12 million subscriber mark we
are currently a little bit behind the
pace to hit it oh my god no we have to
do it guys so if you're watching right
now and you aren't subscribed you have
to subscribe like simply just so that we
could be the first people ever on
YouTube to flip into it that would be
like absolutely insane like I said the
Jake Pauly family is unreal they have on
them haters and that's why I want to
create this movement like to just show
the world about the Jake Potter's they
need to know about us maybe so the goal
is 12 million subscribers in 12 months
if you're not subscribed smash step
button baby and I forgot to say good
morning to you people so good morning I
hope you guys are having a fantastic day
make sure you're smiling make sure
you're dabbing on them haters baby good
morning Erica you know what honey you
look beautiful Zoe that beautiful thank
you you should be told that every single
day until you die hopefully you guys do
what it was a joke
no though oh that's you to fight me
hashtag marriage anyways make sure you
guys are working hard if you're new here
I'm Jake Paul we're in Miami and it is
lit every single day bro
without any further ado let's flipping
juicy fishnets get in file and file in
give me a banana and look like you ain't
give me the banana gonna be okay okay
this all folks this emotion okay guys so
we are going around looking I needed a
bunch of stuff because I forgot all my
stuff at home so I need socks I need
other stuff I need a shave
but we might get in some trouble but in
the meantime he's gonna run pretty fast
oh god you can't speed walked up out you
can't see watch out that speed lock up
at sorry what can you shut it off please
mana waiver in stock what I'm going to
be living you sell my speeds alright
yeah you saw here we go can't do that
you can't do that you can't do it
anymore
you can come up with a different
countries Jake I promise one day one day
ballers life just like you couldn't do
it downstairs can do it over here I
shall play oh I'm like hungry
not really I'm like covered okay just
going to need to take the balls okay so
much sorry it's okay I have big genes
hey great Oh yo fuckin C's I just want
to go inside of it oh my goodness
well this is so lit up like entire the
beads yeah
y'all just hanging in there look at you
it looks cooler when you're in it jinx I
can see you wrong y'all you've been
wearing like yourself like you really
have Jesus on do you list do you left
yeah it doesn't look like you left
are you guys married yeah yeah nothing
thank you
she saying no I just I just need
marriage advice you know I've been
married for bottom month or so now it's
just it's kind of rough but it's great
but it's rough you don't mean what I'm
sorry I'm just okay yeah so I got my
stuff shopping and then it was time to
do business do you do business I do
business what do you know about that
yeah you guys ready to do business yeah
business huh we got some big stuff
coming be ready baby and then you know
me I had to flip and whip bro whoo so
now it is time hey well what's your name
oh that's my girl so we just picked up a
Lambo and my girl I think she wants me a
little bit like this
oh yeah boss oh come on baby
okay well now we have this so let's flip
and whip me once again everything on one
side and down with you by my side
well when I'm winning on a tire in the
grasp my eyes go five it was the Gandiva
finish man okay you ready for this one
I don't know if I am whose car this car
is crazy whoa then you're buying one of
these things
yeah you're going to have one of these
things for yourself
oh wow Jebus Geist cheese and rice
yeah what I said this is a violent are
is usually trash control of jacking a
job Wow Wow feel like my face was
sliding forward okay okay this one's
called launch control
oh my next uh okay are you good he's not
gonna hold on follow up all over Apple
over her to bring all that and then we
have the flippin whip even harder bro
yeah
and now we're about to whip even harder
look at this bow guys I love Miami Miami
I flip and love you or me ah me I'm
gonna call it me ah me cuz why not damn
son look at this talk about boats very
much car oh my god what'd you just say
you're in my shot bro you just said you
say much here in my shot I can't he was
supposed to take a flight home back but
it didn't happen what is this what is
this I thought Jake was going on my
blogging you're saying Oh Mackenzie yes
my friend Mackenzie you ever better not
we've met but like I'm such a hundred
why you like uncle Cheney or matter
before Mackenzie Mackenzie I actually am
a real-life ants oh my god oh wait so is
this like what do you see an open okay
yes is that the proof oh my gosh
I don't done now uncle gates as a wife
dub it's recital thumbnail Calvillo
Amina
okay okay well let's just go on the boat
we're just going about my god okay lit
lit lit me a me and look who decided to
join the party
hi I missed you all day honey I was
doing business getting Lamborghinis you
know how I do it baby come to ride with
big dog messing up and down
Aleksey song no teeth but a v1 for 9/11
at the ER yes gonna be yeah just only
numbers that I know of g v g5 so flagyl
on what is a we Wow
both and toes am I right boats and toes
oh my gosh dick Disney jokes not a do
boats and hoes baby all only ever one
day I can't say my baby oh my god my
damn it oh god oh my god I can't talk
that crazy I know money won't save me
but I need all of it lazy Cameron when
we got I don't tell me don't tell god I
don't pay attention to the other guy all
that salt in bitch oh God nice will she
pull watch what I do with game I'm go
Kate are you okay
good bars and Vienna
Oh
oh I can't say Oh baby I can't talk that
way I know money won't save me did you
have fun on the boat I did it yeah I had
fun on the boat I was laughing it get a
really great driving there's so much we
should get a family boat we take that
family boat I don't for you two and you
do oh and then surprised bay name yeah I
got you this
I got you then nobody attacks on it no I
mean yeah it's not we don't own this
yeah if you want to have it for a sec
for a little bit how does this like when
I do see you like I have it's like an
hour yeah yeah yeah but here we're
coming on any thumbnail I think it might
be like I got her a Lamborghini oh happy
yeah I think like you're surprised there
we go that looks good you look great
babe oh my god I look back wow we did it
yes
got it yeah I got it for you wait wait I
want to figure it out safety first
okay we got you just pull that long
remark me yeah I got yep okay now you
can dress okay okay okay okay we got
that where am I going right wherever you
want to go or in Miami we're was a flip
we want let's punch someone in the face
with it with it with that sorry
I'll take one in pink I'll take one in
pink my wife is in there
that's my wife I got our Lamborghini
excuse me we're having a moment I'll
fight you you don't want to fight I
think they just wanted to be in the vlog
hey Erica no you look doping that sorry
leave that watch a minute but don't
music it's me cool oh that's my wife
would you smash good answer guys the
thing I want to get a place to Miami
like look it's just it's amazing here
what is it mom faster than you so I'm
like taking advantage of it you know
yeah yeah you should be like one of
those things or it's like the gold
digger prank and they ask me ask me if I
want to ride hey do you want a ride oh
my god is this your Lamborghini is this
yours yeah oh my god okay fine
oh my god where we going well I'm a gold
digger does this make me a gold digger a
little bit but that's like whatever Yolo
I got a G pick with it
yeah hundred percent I'm gonna ID
ticaboo and all my friends are gonna
think I'm dope giant I swear I'm I'm not
normally that's crazy
and so that is it for today's vlog guys
don't forget to smash that subscribe
button
the goal is twelve million subscribers
in 12 months join the movement
Jake Pollard's we can do this and don't
forget about your back-to-school
merchandise get it before it runs oh you
got to be looking a hot in school bro in
schools every day bro so join the family
and I will see you guys tomorrow because
it's everyday bro hey Jake Pollard's
what's poppin check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Church see you
guys tomorrow
