kind of like putting off talking about
this the title of this video for the for
the whole day
ah morning me ah me well I know I got it
well let me think of Issachar gosh you
guys are awesome oh my God look at this
view am i right I good morning good
morning ma'am you gotta love it guys
today is about to be crazy if you're new
here I'm Jake Paul and I'm in Miami or
Miami however you want to pronounce it
Brock and it is lit every single day bro
make sure you guys are smiling make sure
you're dab it on the motors run and make
sure you are working hard without any
further ado unless flippin do that
good morning babe good morning look at
these these are great oh good I gotta
cut out my oh my head go Victor you're
doing here you're going on amazed wow
where do you have to go today
you have to go to two shoots in two
shows you're not gonna be with me I
would say for you take each other with
okay let's take you I'm gonna take you
with me everywhere I go all right Erica
let's go babe hmm
what I kind of prefer it okay yeah who's
like does it talks it looks cute I love
you okay I'm sorry
let's go do some stuff a few moments
later really oh you can't hear me can
you hear me now Erica don't make a scene
Erica don't make a scene don't be mad at
me I love you I came all the way here
for you she's on the look she doesn't
love me
anyways Jake polish is my new wife ya'll
say what's up it would you guys smash
this girl right here yeah whoa all right
back up back up
sorry Erica she's right there it's kind
of awkward this one's not mad at me that
one's mad at me stockyards right my boy
wants to throw hands hold this boy he
wants to throw hands you know you die
you know you're shy I'm not kidding
there we go there's seven one two three
there's seven over there you go so we're
on a date Hey hi you're so beautiful
you're like the best I've ever oh my
I know thank you
marriage late Dale would you smash uncle
what's your day me no no would you date
this girl here would you date her I
don't know would you date her be careful
what you say next love that he likes to
me would you smash like he likes he
likes would you smash
what's your spouse splash hey would you
smash would you smash hey where's your
date huh no don't say that about my wife
would you smash would you smash would
you smash yeah you would smash yeah well
what was the savage yeah can I take a
picture with you yeah bro let's do it
dad would you smash okay you're gonna go
up to Erica hey gonna say are you down
to smash all right
are you down smack really on the answers
question no by which I may be true you
want to vlog here just think oh I'm here
with Jay Paul yeah yeah yeah with the
water
yeah where's the bucket look at you I'll
see you guys in a little bit no you got
it what what okay gang gang maybe we got
out here we're about to hit some jet
skis doing it to my anyway I cannot wait
to go with you not anymore
yeah no no no ogen I threw me in the
corner on the jet ski for sure yeah yeah
Miami pretty hard to ride with that on
there oh yeah oh hi hi say what's up to
YouTube what's up YouTube
oh look who showed up yeah
it's me I was creepy crusher alright in
all seriousness no do we want to go on
the same jet ski or do you want to
separate jet ski um I think together
would be fun yeah let me told ya
used to call you mom mom I'll call you I
see there's no death robot going to
politely now we on a honeymoon chilling
I know ye and whenever we kiss those
feisty Gillian right don't erase them an
interval as well wave all your masks off
your stick your pants off dance class
depends on give you a moment no having
so much fun higher okay Uncle David how
you do it in the corner
don't blow America shy swing you off
just a minute I am still a I'm just
hooking us up you special
so they just feel joy when we're
together with you Oh
yay that was so much fun guys
I was flipping whippin call me dr. Seuss
unless he was by my neck
2000 years later whoo
guys I've been kind of like putting off
talking about this the title of the
video for the for the whole day I'm sure
like some of you saw on my Twitter that
I am no longer going to be a part of
bizarre bark and the Disney family I'm
like so reluctant to say that and it's
like my first time like talking about it
on camera and like really kind of
wrapping my head around it and it sucks
like but I want you guys to know like
why how where what and give you guys all
the details first of all I want to say
like I loved everyone that was a part of
bizarre bark and all of the cast mates
Olivia Madison Devore Ethan it's going
to suck like not being able to be with
you guys every week now and it's so
amazing to see you guys grow as
individuals and you guys are all stars
in your own right and literally your
guys's futures are also so so bright and
yesterday uh Ethan posted a video on his
Instagram and like I was sitting there I
was like it made me like wanna cry
I'm like it was so sad because I'm not
going to be able to blog with him as
much anymore or and he was really like
he was like crying like on a green
screen so sure by now you guys have
probably already heard the news
before and that really sucks she's my
best friend
really good mission on Tet so go for
your support ah bro you're making me
want to cry
Oh seriously like I love you so much and
it sucks that we're not going to be
together all the time now you're like
the little brother that I've never had
it's been awesome like seen you grow up
but for both Disney and myself after
communicating for like a couple months
while I was daily vlogging like on set
while I was like growing team ten and
like other business stuff that I have
going on it was so hard for both of us
to make everything work being not on set
with Disney was a full-time job and I
thought I was doing everything on top of
that like I made it look like it was you
know easy to like vlog but what you
don't see like a little part like when I
was big and then this morning I was on
set that would be from like 8:00 a.m. to
like 5:00 p.m. commands later sometimes
later and I would have to come home and
get everything else done and like I
wasn't sleeping like it was almost like
unhealthy because of that it caused
problems for me it caused problems for
Disney could not always be like can I
please like you know has it more time
off have more time off please please
please and it was always hard for them
to work around me then personally I feel
like I'm I've gotten so much older in
the past two years and like matured as a
person in like my brand is evolving and
becoming more of an adult and like I
want to play more adult roles and acting
and grow in that sense for me it wasn't
always fun to like be playing like the
kid role over time of like saying like
here we go like it's funny and like yes
but I didn't think two years from now
which is potentially how long I could
have stated with Disney that that's what
I wanted to be doing when I was 22 years
old plain like you know a 16 year old
and so for Disney for me we came as like
mutual agreement of like it's best for
us to part ways and go and do our own
thing and continue to support one
another I'm so like you're lucky I was
mustn to do that because I love his are
barking I love Disney Channel I love the
show
like everyone involved the Kratz the
crew it was such it was such a hard
decision it all kind of came into
fruition like over the past week and we
were you know trying to figure out if it
was like if we all wanted to move
forward and eventually that's what we
all decided but it said and I'm kind of
me it was going to be good thank you
you're welcome
there's gonna be time to occur though
because like I can't say here we go
anymore I mean I keep I can but it's
just me awkward
it opens up a couple and now I don't
have the Disney Channel slow I don't
have the 50 channel flow anymore you got
dropping a song I have to be like this
every day bro with the teens any flow
such I wanted this issue I want to do
the channel flow Erika did you go get me
makeup too because like I have to have
my Disney tattoo I have a makeup on it
we can take care of myself offer no I
don't know it's actually gonna go guys
actually I was just talking about that
I'm so glad I got that tattoo Disney
will always be a part of my life I will
always read Disney Channel star and it
was a huge stepping stone and milestone
for my career so many good experience
yet and so that's a tube-like means a
lot to me but you know did you hear it'd
be kind of funny I can't even make any
fucking about it you want to go yeah
okay go okay
and Jake Pollard's I'm still going to
try and vlog with Ethan like all the
time as much as we can and now I'm going
to have more time this is like why it's
so exciting I'm gonna have more time to
be making my videos better for you guys
and spending more time working on
projects that you guys get to enjoy and
growing like my personal brand even more
I think everything is just going to go
to a whole nother level now I cannot
tell you how excited I am like I have
never had this much time for the past
two years I've been on set like almost
every single day and so now it's like
I'm on no one schedule we're just going
to continue to go and go and go and dab
and flip and kill it guys I'm so sorry
to anyone who was a bizarre Marx and it
sucks like I said but there will be more
stuff of me acting that you guys can
enjoy and I so much appreciate your guys
and support through this one
you guys have been so generous and kind
and you understood my decision and did
you the decision and I can't thank you
guys enough for the support and Jake
polish and strongest army out there on
YouTube period hands down and people can
say whatever they want about us about me
the hate whatever we're at the top of
the game and the rest of the people are
literally trying to you know pull us
down and again I cannot think Jake
Pollard's enough to the support on a
day-to-day basis and all we got to do
this flippin battle baby guys you can
take this as a lesson into your own life
I want to help you guys get better every
single day bro you know when one thing
comes another goes what do one thing
goes another thing comes I don't know if
that makes sense it just goes to show
that there's going to be a lot of
opportunities in my life in your guys's
life and sometimes you have to move on
past things sometimes you have to let
things go
even if you don't fully want to do it
even if you know you're still sort of
attached to something sometimes it's for
the best to move on that lesson you guys
can take into your own lives maybe it's
a boyfriend maybe it's a girlfriend
maybe it's a you know a hobby of yours
maybe you know it's a bad habit but in
life you have to learn to let things go
I don't even know what I'm saying at
this point but I'm like I hate making
this video like I'm so sad about the
whole situation but at the same time I'm
happy about it I just keep up thinking
about you think Ryan
I love you think
I'm going to continue to you know we'll
continue to talk about that this
situation and going to you know more
details other than a couple of mics
vlogs but I just give one last one last
year we go I do get a lot right here we
go
Jake Parks thank you so much for the
support as always I'm in Miami I hope
you enjoyed the vlog as always keep on
working hard keep on smiling keep on
dabbing on them haters
become a part of the Jake Paula family
rep you're flipping merch son
back-to-school March is still available
get it before it all runs out link is in
the description baby and guys I will see
you tomorrow because it's everyday bra
hey take Polish what's up and check out
this new merch ooh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 shirt see you guys
tomorrow
