you know here I brought your tail good
afternoon
Jake Paulus what is going on I am in
Miami right now yes you are me I am in
Miami right now oh my gosh allow me to
explain what is going on but before that
Jake Paulus I hope you're working hard I
hope you guys are smiling I hope you
dare bit on the haters and if you're new
here I'm Jake Paul and it's lit every
single day bro so you're probably
wondering take why are you in Miami Oh
roll the clip from this morning
hey good morning Jake pause what is
going on guys I can't even talk it so
early oh my gosh Jake it's 6:55 a.m.
right now I am about to go to Miami to
surprise my wife Erica who doesn't know
that I'm coming no idea I'm so excited
I've been planning this out for a little
bit I got the idea the other day and I
couldn't say anything to then she would
have known we're still out here grinding
we have to go to the airport like a
little bit I haven't packed yet
let's slip into
back
you don't go to Miami I don't know
Janice me it's me it's me Tessa so do
not Miami
yeah top number you only go to Miami so
no I'm gonna go guys I'll see you I love
you guys I have too much on without me
I love you too
what you guys let's stop by you guys
want to go to Miami
okay I'll miss you okay bye what'd you
say Miami little chick are you ready to
go - I am II I mean I usually don't do
like this but dude this is amazing
yeah well you're coming I mean if I
could yeah okay go Miami with the boys
Erica oh I can't wait to achieve it all
right kid violent little guys the in
dudes go to Miami
oh boy here we go
talk about a private jet oh yes Erica I
got all this stuff for you just for you
Beth you know it's got a ball out real
fast
yeah never been on a private jet no
never this is lira oh man this is all
four dudes being dudes on a plane so
let's do it
stay on the road I know we've been done
away on a rope another way I want it
then I get it anyway masks are Maj along
with this
hums okay slogan he's vlogging oh wow
this is awesome
what's up man it's about to be late are
we gonna crash
I hope hope not - I gotta see my wife
they pop it by giving to me but you look
I put on it there's a big adjustment
letter Provost she's dumb here Erica I'm
coming I'm coming
come on you're going to be there I'm
gonna be there for the big surprise and
look what the cat dragged in the
freshman along for the ride was this
your own bro yeah I'm gonna capture some
good job yeah cool professional vlog
yeah
well ready so we just landed in Aspen
guys taking a little bit of a pit stop
before we go to Miami but I'm gonna
FaceTime Erica and be like super
nonchalant so she has no idea but just
check in with her all right so I'm
keeping it really close to my face so
she can't see she must be there's a guy
or something oh no she's just having fun
it's wicked a lot of stuff going on no
again okay okay hey you sure yeah lotta
stuff going on so me bro don't worry
about it okay how these chairs on it oh
she's calling you back hi what are you
doing nothing just chillin up the team
penthouse because I want to be cute bye
oh I got nervous
ain't so many questions but it's good
let's go let's go baby to Miami baby
we're all here
the weather's kind of iffy but hoping
it's better Erica i'ma come see you too
laughs oh ho and so now I am here at the
place where Erica and I are stayin she
has no idea that I'm here I have to like
it we have to sneak up there uncle
Nathan are you ready for this bro
thinking is my man he knows a lot about
that I'm gonna call her and just yell
what's up like what are you doing just
to like rub it in a little bit more so
that she's even more surprised that I'm
there in a second hi what's up I'm
missing you you just had an event right
yeah did you do good you did good yeah
we do all right all right well I'll let
you go I just want to check in I'm just
bored at the team ten house okay all
right all right bye
I think she bought it let's go
I'm Canadian where is she I'm not sure
how are you not sure you're a wrinkle
I'll figure it out do P Erica okay I
just want to say that you're amazing
you're beautiful you're town did and I
just want to show you my unconditional
love you know everything else is better
right and then like smoother why are you
doing here what are you doing what are
you doing now you're at the t-ten house
I was yeah you I kept it a secret all we
are you doing your makeup no not yet
really what you're beautiful don't look
things don't look you did why don't you
get so good I'm getting ready for my bag
were you surprised yeah I'm surprised it
oh my goodness
hey awesome night on my bed yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah I donate their event I'm
gonna even just in the corner like oh
wow well how do you uh how are you doing
great I'm really tired it's been crazy
what are we saying um come here okay I'm
shocked I'm shocked right now wow this
is great this is great that's good yes
sure no one to hang in here me you uncle
Mason what are you what is you Wow
capable of something like this
Jacob Ehlers we'll be right back three
hours later alright guys so we are here
at dinner we're on a date I was at the
game it's a day today she's wearing like
a glove dress that's pretty cool huh
and what guys something big just happen
if you're like a.j koala or any bald man
Twitter you'll like to see what happened
I'm going to explain it more in
tomorrow's blogs but again if you're new
here make sure you're subscribed I'm
going to enjoy this with their customers
become a jig Palmer back to school work
it's hot look it's every pump check out
those items and guys we'll see you
tomorrow because here's everything wrong
Jake Pollard's what's pop and check out
this new March ooh that merch is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
