no no yo yo get the camera down bro hey
oh good morning Jake polish what is joy
yeah bro good morning never been here
for the intro yeah dude you're here no
let me finish telling me finish as I was
saying good morning party people we are
out here on set Disney Channel's Buzard
Vark grindin yeah davon yeah and if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul this is my
dressing room because this is my
dressing room I'm on set I'm an actor
yeah but if you're new here you better
join the Jake Paula family and subscribe
I hope you guys are working hard I hope
you're dabbing on them haters I hope
you're smiling seriously guys smile
today like it'll make your day better if
you're sitting at home right now in
front of your computer smile with me
three two one oh we did it that was cute
right those cute and make sure you guys
are working hard without any further ado
Ethan buddy how was your day going yeah
y'all you're having a long day your life
must be really tough show up on set get
free food you know say some lines it's a
long day yeah your life is probably way
harder than mine I know that I see I can
tell that you were being sarcastic by
your tone let's just say I'm Jake Paul
so yeah I'm a vine star who is now doing
YouTube live long I have a good phone
case and a Gucci backpack a Lamborghini
being custom made right now I get free
food - I just have to come and say even
less lines and Ethan and then I go home
to my house where I live with all my
friends I feel like you have some sort
of emotional wall that just like blocks
you I don't know you just always are
like have this pent-up aggression like
you're just like it I the only way I can
describe it is that you're like a little
angry elf yeah like see it was that you
can't assign that to try just listen the
door alright slices bro you broke my
table dammit eat I hate you hold on hold
on hold on gift shop alright fix my
table no I hope nothing I can do sorry
guys wd-40 of course I got some wd-40
I'm from aha anything you can't fix with
some wd-40 and a craftsman ranch and all
you need is some duct tape you know what
they say where I'm from I love deer
I love deer and I love bear hunting
there while drinking bear oh that is
dangerous don't do that kids if you are
intoxicated that is dangerous
always remember your trigger discipline
always remember to keep it unloaded and
remember aim small miss small
oh yeah chill bro now my whole room is
broken you might as well just you might
as well oh by the way let's talk about
how dope these pictures are look how
dope I was well back in my day look at
that look at the red smoke in the
motorcycle that's the motorcycle that I
crashed on actually and almost died back
in the good old days before when I crash
my motorcycle yeah I roll the clip
oh jesus that was bad this is dope to
look at me being all doping dog look
like a total chat yeah I normally look
like a choc just I'm just a chaste
little vlogger with some I got some guys
biceps
I think something like that no Stan look
look at how much I'm going to follow
them
this is me with a good aah aah a few
moments later that's natural that's
right everything's good everything's
good at school there's these little baby
kittens where don't kitten I can't do a
cat's until when their baby you're
overcomplicating things no fact of the
matter is that there's kids on and we
should steal one oh my god this one oh
look at the kids
oh my you jeez when do zooms our sleep
wake up it's like the Martinez went wake
up they're not the Martinez twins okay
just because they look like they look
like the market instance take that one
it doesn't like you very much like most
people just create whatever one you can
why we're gonna sell it on eBay
it's scared yeah oh yeah be scared of
you too lucky huh lock in would you make
it an Instagram forget about that it is
a girl to girl
yeah a girl we gotta K and we stall it
do you want to do brand use the camera
he doesn't like you what Oh little girl
girl here let's give her a little
blanket here kitty think of a name first
thing it comes your mind three two one
steroids do you see what pocket nothing
not my face all right anyway ah now what
do we do Simba Simba that's good you get
a pop tag oh no no that was a fake
contact it was a real bit of a fake we
see how far we could go it's food to
throw it throw the food you know hassle
right yeah no but I mean I mean we
should see how far we should we could
throw it to anyway so how much is
whether this weather is killer am i
right Wow get over here
I got a cat we got a cat here you want
to take him sure
okay lay down sometimes do you ever just
feel like a tomato our absolute parents
are blueberries guys look at this what's
about to go down one set here all of
these balloons are about to fall on top
of us and then we have to do something
with them in the bins
you can't vlog it all I got my boy
Parker here what's up bro he's a vlogger
see it's my youtube okay see he's got
the easies on that's how you know he's a
vlogger and then my boys got his vlog
camera over here he's already a savage
because he said broke the first time I
put him on camera said bro so that's how
you know he's a vloggers Marx Lincoln
buying back-to-school party
Oh back at the team ten house guys what
I'll flip is going on he's gonna oh my
gosh yeah Mac is he silly I'm just
looking at the water is that on you idea
no water on the waterslide
you see silly I don't think you're going
to slide it all run down the water five
you can really slide down it you just
ran down into a full loop so guys life
update really fast as you can see on
these cameras they're still like news
people outside of our house there's like
two different channels that are here
when I got home there like bombarded me
for an interview life is crazy guys oh
my gosh Maggie did you get the new aqua
tougher on oh my gosh hashtag basic haha
is that a Rolex oh my gosh you have to
get the roller girl guard you are hot
hot hot was uh no sensible freshmen
freshman process right
20 minutes later Wow okay what Bubba you
decided to come by that's all
right what is this you you got a tattoo
yeah stop stop guys pausing it stop you
gotta have to two things one it's still
in a healing phase I don't know where
your fingers have been don't touch it
safety first it can't get infected guys
calm down
I'll go Jane why did you get that - bro
you're a savage uncle too busy with
everything in life so I figured at this
stage of my life it's the least I could
do is be like I'm done a lot of crazy
videos but no it doesn't work yet Jenny
dancing yeah I was how it's actually in
the shower when I heard the vlog oh yeah
right if you did running down for the
pop tag oh there you go bro so I got you
who you're lying to us right now you
onto the blog right now saying shower
literally did feel my hair smell my hair
smells like testing anyway but your guys
have done tattoos didn't work right when
you got them I had to yeah like see now
it's just like now this will be fully
functional so there's a really broad 12
inches thick
oh I started to work when I broke out of
it I don't ask why you guys always carry
the same ball guns around though I don't
understand always ready about $1,000 to
anyone here who gets shot with this
paintball gun a bunch of times I'll go
to fix five times
oh never pays $1,000 to prove it prove
it prove it I'll do it I'll give you a
handful of balls
I'll throw Jersey on you and a mask
you'll be good to go bro I'm down if I
get to wear a mask and it's no more than
seven bullets yeah just go as much as
you can
I think you're doing into merch Lincoln
mile Alex you ready well I put the
tie-dye on are your energy painted can
you just give me a quick March Lincoln
vile American fire alright tell tell
tell tell he's not going to marry Oh Oh
God alright oh that got me paint back up
man welcome to the team Jenna yeah yeah
you move oh wow that's mad
I can't hear you knowing what are you
yeah no I'm currently I'm filming right
now is it ringing what I was all about
know about oh yeah okay yeah well I'm
Alan local hospital just actually
confident actually yeah see I don't know
what should I do
oh damn that's two cars there's no
answers oh go talk to don't need a
little bit or just filming just filming
bro this Atlanta stood with the
neighbors what if I get arrested like
you can't get around can't get arrested
then I've been able to take punished you
got to be a sandwich so fall several
pounds of an oven on absolute of surface
out how many noise complaints and you're
going to have to get we're going to
finally learn lust becoming disgusted
would it not I don't want you guys to
come in but we don't come immigrants
come out though I don't think I can be
arrested for noise away now there's been
several times I don't have a cuticle
area we're going to moon nobody this is
a circus out here no it just says
there's nothing to be given there's
nothing we can do we can't control we
can't control what happens out there
every day we do is here's where we have
to serve in the desert Lord report on
your phone begin record if we want your
eyes are on my cup you can't even be
walking in here and point out down there
what those much choice what am I getting
arrested for disturbing the peace
this is several times we have been you
we have given you several war is really
only saying it's not because you're
something else
we have Newsbank al fun you know this
like what do we do about it there's
nothing we can do I'm sorry but like you
guys are legal guest in my house
yeah you go why how did you guys come in
you didn't have any wrongs committed on
down we get award and discover this
crowd we need to go downtown and work
those up because once you leave the
premises
this crowd them dismissed you can go out
there and address them people I can
believe or I can help you down
yeah you guys need to leave you'd make
your little videos you can make all the
old annoys you you won
you gotta understand you have neighbors
that you need to respect I'll be water
strike for my neighbors yah right yeah
you do this how can you do this yeah
I'll take your blow down it'll be okay
you got one left
oh no no chance chance be easy bro yo no
no yo yo get a camera down bro
she'll wait this is illegal it's
everyday bra with the Disney Channel
flow but Mel on YouTube endings will
never number focus all the conversation
man beautifies Nick Bobby Holly chick
and a friend enroll next and into the
level 2 and I come in with the coop busy
teacher bitch I love the video and you
don't you come on boy come in hi
cause I get $2 going to jail let me let
me explain the situation back to you Paz
Jake I'll explain the situation for you
guys hello what is up future Jake yeah
we are out here we're about to prank
YouTube or we already did prank all of
you guys who are watching at home I'm
here with my boys Kevin and Harvey
we got the fake cop car these are fake
cops guys and that was kind of just like
a lesson to teach you guys that like not
everything that you see in the media on
a day to day basis is real and that you
could basically fake anything and twist
everything the way you want Justin are
you taking notes freshmen take notes as
I do it I'm doing okay now you guys
probably thought that that was real
maybe you did maybe you did it so
hopefully we pranked you guys and
hopefully that helped you guys learn a
lesson about like yo maybe not
everything I see is real out there
there's so many youtubers who post fake
stuff there's so many news outlets who
post fake stuff there's so many people
who twist and turn things to make other
people look bad in the media and it's
flipping messed up bro it's messed up
but people want the views they want the
clout I understand I'm not mad at them
the other day when I was all over the
news for being a bad neighbor and then
I'm getting a lawsuit and then I'm
getting evicted none of these things are
true guys for the slightest second you
probably believed it and you probably
thought that I was actually a bad
neighbor when in reality we just do
everything inside of our house which
makes us bad homeowners but that doesn't
make us a bad neighbor Hollywood right
they know so yeah I hope that helps you
guys learn a lesson and guys I also
challenge you to get more credibility on
things before you start talking about
things before you start hating on people
so until you have proof and facts and
things that you have seen with your own
I bawled I would second-guess everything
that's out there in the news and in the
press especially these days as always a
bond them haters and back to you future
Jake again so yes guys that just goes to
show you you can do everything you want
and my boys here don't believe the fake
media I got arrested evicted Oh Jake's
with that neighbor calm down son calm
your face and eyebrow
I'm Harvey let's go boys
you guys go home now take balls repeat
dude you got pond son you got punk it's
every day wrong Malan you've obviously
never done before are you an actor bro
we get a thumbnail dough to begin some
nail really dude for sure when you were
like here's one potential great one and
then over the hood of the car
ace you actually beat me up it's pretty
dope though this is a real gun no okay
everything's fake in Hollywood loose oh
my god Wow
I really think everyone's gonna say
y'all got y'all what yeah that's how we
do it out here
punkin everybody I can't stress it
enough double check everything that
you're doing even in your daily life
guys we're here to make a movement to
make people better on a day to day basis
that's what it's every day bro is about
working harder getting better every
single day working towards your dreams
on a day-to-day basis and so in your
daily life you can use this as a lesson
to like not believe everything that says
I know in high school or in middle
school even if you are in college
there's tons of rumors and fake stuff
that go around and I can totally relate
to that guys with you guys as Jake
Pollard's like so much stuff has been
made up about me in the past week and
even in the past couple of months
double check the rumors only witness the
facts the Jake Pollard's are going up
into the right and we ain't stopping for
nobody and now is the perfect time to
plug the merge because if you're not
already a part of the Jake caller family
you got a cop it yo guys everyone get in
this outro there's about to be a little
show with the cops and everything and
that's the vlog for today I hope you
liked it and we will see you tomorrow
because hey cake Pollard's wet stop and
check out this new merch ooh that merch
is hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time click the link make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on a daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
