this is his house he's got like Rolls
Royces and whatnot he got the roots yeah
well I'm kind of nervous
good morning it's a party yeah
wake up prize I know you're tired
because we made a flipping banger last
night in the studio but we have to keep
on partying for the Jake Paul are you
guys up yeah I mean he is kind of hard
yep good right yeah we're good your hand
on that trigger
what yeah no no we're fine bro put the
can down
I almost died Pierrot I sweat to go you
don't want to know how did you do that
I kind of do wanna know Jay Paul's I
never been a bitch
he moved my camera my camera
I had to vlog good morning Jake boys
hope you guys are having a good day hope
you're smiling oh I hope you're working
hard we have a crazy day ahead of us and
without any further ado let's do that oh
my gosh he's back at it guys I got you
max tomato plant okay thank you are you
going down in a box sweet mother of
Jesus max
really clever oh yeah maxima bucks guys
we got a busy day ahead of us let's go
whoo all righty guys we are on set right
now doing it big you already know I'm an
actor bro and let me change into Dirk
really fast and three to Dirk who know
I'm Dirk it's just your day we got the
full cameras out we got the big budgets
coming in I got my makeup on
let's see what's poppin okay so in this
scene Ethan is talking to an inanimate
object per usual because he doesn't have
any friends
is that your friend in the scene
actually I'm in like four and I've been
like 3939 seen as well you're an idiot
back at the team ten house guys what is
going on let's pop in Jake ballers know
something important is going on right
now let me explain let me allow me to
explain hang in there so we just got a
bunch of new orders of March we got some
cotton candy
tie-dye it's hot super hot we got that
orange tie-dye super fire but more
importantly guys we got someone's
specific order that we are about to hand
deliver to them the backstory on this is
I don't know if you guys know him but
his name is post Malone he's a big
musician I personally love his music
he's a dope guy he came from like humble
beginnings similar to you know us from
Ohio and he's out there doing like
really good stuff but what's crazy about
it he did this video where he was like
talking smack about it's every day bro
for like ten minutes just like going in
on it saying that we can't rap saying
that our music is like whatever like
fifth grade music
and I was like Oh Dell dad that sucks so
I was like damn post one hates me bro
whatever it's all good though we're
gonna dab on them haters but then my boy
posts on Twitter this tweet he orders
our merchandise a lot of it a lot of it
which we have it right here first of all
I'm super confused I don't know why he
ordered our merchandise when he was
talking smack about us right now we're
about to hand deliver it to his house he
lives like 45 minutes away we're gonna
give him his March hopefully he's home
and we're gonna confront him and ask him
like yo why would you talk smack and
then order our merch and then hopefully
we can become friends with them and
maybe make a song together oh that would
be hot okay guys
ah so we are like a quarter-mile away I
don't know how this is about to go down
we don't know if he's home we don't know
if he hates us or I'm just confused in
general let's go he's got like a ton of
dope cars outside my boys a savage this
is his house he's got like Rolls Royces
and whatnot - got the rear you got the
roots yeah well I'm kind of nervous
yo is Austin here bro we got your March
we got some merch bro we got some merch
we thought we would handle liver
submerge the merch to you and we're
hella confused because we're like Yelp
we made a song and you dog that's polite
we're like you know you got some March
so it's good man
me nuts the merchants bar so we're good
how they could be a go in a beer no no
good you're good can we lagers out sure
let's do it oh he's a beast
thank you likes us he likes it it's good
because we like him so I yeah oh yeah
we're friends right do we go in we just
yeah we should just stay right here feel
this again he's putting pants on so
great yeah this is crazy
he's got the guide Church merch bro bro
that's a good look at that
Oh Lincoln Mile you already know yo
you're a savage Savage I love your music
thank you so we're like yo we got a
handle living room the merch thank you
sir it's good stuff right now some good
stuff man it's like a but I just it's
like a god sir I just need a little bit
of explanation cuz it's like you were
kind of like iffy about the song where
you're like but then you got the merch
so the merch is fine you know I'm a
clothes guys to them so I know you got
the heavy aesthetic going I'm just doing
this out there and you got to do
anything with it but we got another song
and there's a verse open is there a
verse for me and even there's a verse
for if you guys both wanna be on it oh
my gosh I'm telling you bro
it's a fire song I'll send it to you I
don't know how I'll tweet it to you yeah
well forget
thank you for reppin obese for life keep
on killing it turn out what yeah that
went so well it went it went really good
yeah I think he's a I think yeah I think
he likes us bro he's a fan you say he's
gonna be on the song Nathan we did it
bro he's so in the corner bro you are in
the corner this is the most corner it
gets you had us you had the sniper shot
yeah he's gonna be on my song my new
song yeah yeah I probably should have
got his number we know where he lives we
can just come knock we could just chop
up I'll leave a CD on the door on the
front door like the old days
oh gosh Oh what is going on guys I have
a huge huge huge announcement for you a
couple announcements actually okay so
let me just start off first of all with
the iPhone winner and the other merch
winners for people who voted for me for
the Teen Choice Awards thank you guys so
much for voting jake Pollard's I love
you guys truly I don't say it enough but
without you without your support
I wouldn't be where I am today so thank
you for giving me the time of day every
single day and let's keep on growing on
this crazy journey of life that we have
and let's keep it up every single day
bro and become a better person every day
okay guys so I'm going to be DMing you
the after this video is posted but first
of all we'll start off with the iPhone
winner the iPhone goes to Jessica and
Gonzalez Jessica thank you so much and
then the five merch winners are Lisa
Lopez
kela know me Oh Ryan Oh Webster Oh Ryan
the Webster I think I'm saying that
right
hailer Garcia and Mariana bridge thank
you guys so much
I'm gonna DM you guys and ask you what
merch you want just you got the iPhone
congratulations and guys the second big
announcement
right now the Jake Paul back-to-school
march line is now available
guys we have backpacks pencil pouches
notebooks and a new sweatshirt for you
guys to be all swag down for
back-to-school check out the collection
I'm gonna put on the screen subway all
the last stuff is super well yeah and if
you guys get it now you'll be just in
time to get it shipped to you before the
school year starts school is everyday
bro so I thought I'd give you guys that
it's everyday bro school merch so that
you can be reppin the Jake Paul the
family in school dab dab dab and I'll
hopefully it can make your school day a
little bit better because you know I
never loved school but I always tried my
best I tried to get better every single
day at it and maybe once you're looking
at your backpack you'll be like I gotta
do this bro I gotta get it damp so guys
go check that out the link is in the
description back to school stuff and
you've got to go while it's there guys
because I know that Jake colors are
gonna flood and I don't want it to all
sell out because there's only a limited
number of items so get it guys the third
big announcement is that I am going to
be in Hershey Pennsylvania doing a meet
and greet and performing all of my songs
on Saturday August 19th some of you guys
are gonna be able to meet me and the
rest of you are gonna we're gonna have a
whole show there's a couple other
performers but I'm gonna be in
Pennsylvania at Hersheypark Stadium the
show starts at 3 p.m. to come meet me
watch me perform take some selfies damn
on everybody it's gonna be super super
late I'm stoked for it I'm hosting the
show you don't want to miss it bring
your friends bring your mom bring your
dogs bring everybody make it a group
activity get your merch represent show
up reppin let's go I'm gonna put the
information to that show also in the
description so that you can get all the
info the dates the times the tickets
everything that you guys need to be
successful but Jake enough with the
announcements let's flip into some star
whoo baby just when you thought that
grind couldn't get any more grind dear
I'm back on set baby sometimes you got
to hit him with the two-a-days you
already know I'm about to get my Dirk
fit 3 2 1
oh snap baby the Dirk fit is extra hot
here we go back at the team ten house
guys what is slipping going down the
Martinez twins finished their room look
at this yo look at this they got a trash
can they got a dresser little sketchy
but it's good it looks good they got the
three bunk beds they got a desk to do
their YouTube videos at they got a
mirror they have a hundred thousand
subscribers week they have the team ten
member of the month plaque
good job guys and most importantly they
have fan mail but one thing that you
won't know my favorite piece yeah yeah
this needs to be brought up guys I have
fan mail and I'm so excited about it so
if we have the Martinez here but then we
have you have one but how good one piece
of fan now good is it you wanna know who
made it oh yeah I think we shout them
out right now my number-one fan Layton
you made that yeah your majesty make me
know yeah you don't even go down the
slide you don't even go down the slide
hey Nick oh yeah this is your wife by
the way
babe babe isn't it weird that she first
times me and not you oh oh no no we
FaceTime later you're beautiful she said
you're ugly yeah she said I don't want
to talk to you I'm still gonna Zander
she said the exact opposite one same
unfortunately so she thinks I'm hot
I don't really like doing that with you
Jessie when you're best friends with
yourself hashtag relatable hashtag abuse
hashtag memes hashtag anyway I like the
guys's room all the directions were in
English so just like how are they gonna
build this but you did it
just uh just a couple of uh wannabe
youtubers in a room sorry I didn't mean
that the Martinez turns are really
youtubers but Max and Justin and and you
that that's a different story
okay Martinez one last thing you forgot
to put that last part of your wall up
you didn't have enough money you got a
daily post bro I might just come up here
and like watch you guys change I meant I
meant someone else like I'll go Kade for
example could come up here I watch yeah
definitely not me I would not do that
well well well if it isn't uncle Kade
wait what time is it like 8 o'clock
you're vlogging for the whole day and
you come over here to get a thumbnail or
what enough times the vlogger you should
know Jake you've been on set all day
what are you doing trying to break some
stuff for your thumbnail I mean I'm down
Martines I'll break your wall maybe I
already have mine too oh is it oh I got
a new tattoo yeah that's it alright fine
that's a good thumbnail - I might get a
tattoo next week just to make that my
thumbnail ha sorry no no no put your how
is the blog life it's good man the vog
life is streaming well how's your blog
life No ok I can't do this sorry I guess
okay this is your tattoo bro
yeah dude the youtubers put play pause
rewind and fast-forward like you two
really blogging for like vlog his life
now so it's representative of my life as
a whole Jake you haven't been there for
all of it
alright cause I'm your uncle judging me
falling down please sometimes no both
linear it's really brand new you're
supposed to protect it you know safety
is
right right you won't let that one go oh
my gosh no no no bro huh yo no please
don't
oh my gosh not the freshman not the
freshman oh dammit
oh my god these bloggers are taking over
you're still a freshman like that one
just take you there as well all these
freshmen fighting over 100k subscribers
Lex I'm just like yo where's my 10 mil
diamond plaque at Jake you're not at 10
mil give me twenty days son the Jake
Paula's other strongest family out there
I'll say it once I'll say it again and
then I'm gonna dab on I'm a third time
so I walked into the house today and
like all the kids outside front they're
like okay used to be that freshman they
don't know your name the new freshman
it's okay just
Jake Pollard's enough with the nun since
that is it for today's vlog thank you
guys so much for watching if you haven't
already become a part of the Jake Paulo
family cover yourself some merch back to
school it's super hot boy don't forget
to come see me in Pennsylvania and don't
forget to subscribe smash that subscribe
button now we'll see you guys tomorrow
because it's a free day hey bro Oh Jake
Pollard's wet stop and check out this
new March that marches hot boy new items
of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 Chuck see you guys
tomorrow
oops
