do you uh want to make a song ah let's
do some yeah bro yeah we gotta go like
right now though good afternoon
take ballers what is going on party
people we are so flipping out here right
now you guessed it we are in the studio
making a song much in a twins love dress
who can send this so he already knows my
boy I hope you guys are having a good
day I hope you're smiling I hope you're
Devin on the may toes I hope you're
working hard and without any further ado
let's get this started
you want to hit it for me oh my god yeah
and so now we are here guys
you're probably want to know Jake why is
it nighttime what is going on why are
you in the studio
let me break the day down for you
earlier today I was on set because I'm
an actor roll rolled back added people
on set disney's bazaars are doing it big
acting because we're actors but called
dot dude till you really have me
audacity don't blog here after what I've
seen how dare you
slime on top of a news truck I wouldn't
call up there why hey I just wanted to
do that I want to do the interview here
it was funny you have the audacity to
insult a reporter's nice brown loafers I
thought those looked beautiful I have
one question for you yeah that's
probably the probably with your entire
life you go and say what are those which
hasn't been a relevant thing since 2002
okay what goes through your head no
she's pretty horrendous yeah I'm your
neighbor on set all I hear is you
screaming violating your terms all
you're doing which is like a little
angry I hope right now just yelling that
we all know what to do make sure it's
fall off the wall in my room I don't
even know what you're saying anymore I'm
listening I'm sorry I have been
beaten by one of your fans with a stick
they do that so they polish on his
family out there so I'm going to get a
couple of my attorney together and
consider making Milwaukee into because I
didn't really do anything wrong
you're 20 years old okay stop acting
like you run the world I hate you both
in it you're such a little just a little
ah I thought a situation that you're in
thank you got life support thank you I
really appreciate you out being ironic
there at the end like you didn't really
do anything yet no no no literally one
of our neighbors who are still trying to
fix the situation with and again I still
don't know what we do wrong because we
do everything on our own property I
think they just don't like you
one of the neighbors yesterday or two
nights ago sorry
one of the neighbors comes over and
unscrews the screws in the tire to our
team ten van that's actually criminal
the neighbors tried to kill us bro they
take the nuts out max and the Martinez
twins are driving down the road and the
highway all of a sudden I hear a noise
they're like what is this thing outside
the nuts are off of the tire so they
start driving slow on the highway
literally that whole entire tire falls
off and they like the bus lop sides they
go flying in the middle of the traffic
on the 101 the whole highway stops super
dangerous situation and our neighbors
are the ones that did this this is a
picture of it on the tow truck there's
like all this stuff the Martinez twins
were like stranded they didn't know what
to do and that's criminal that's an
actual criminal activity they're from
Spain they can't why would they do that
to some spam that our neighbors tried to
kill us and and what do we do we just
make videos first for kids on the
internet like who's the bad guy here I
just don't understand the hoses ratios
got out of control and then the new
scammer comes I'm like bro I still gotta
send it yeah yeah they're like are you
being silly
you know what I mean are you silly
people just take situations wait here
seriously like you're doing something
that is like annoying compared to doing
something that's like actually illegal
our neighbors Lily tried to kill the
Martinez things like I could was the
thing about this rock there could have
been ten of us in that van hold 10 to 15
people could have it a full van of
people going 80 miles per hour of tire
falls off we would have all died that's
criminal activity and so if they want to
file a lawsuit against them then
you know maybe we'll just snap back we
should act we should act let me go act
yeah we're actors wrote we were yeah
okay let's go
can you take a picture of me in the
Canon yeah what's the cashing in the be
shooting good sorry okay come on take it
like a - yeah you know I think it is
Rachel T thank you very much I know hey
hey I'm doing the lick test
hey what hey I'm doing all right - would
you date me oh god yes yeah you hear
that when are you free anytime you're
into like the old people now what you're
an old tomorrow she's not that old she's
a young spirit am i right oh yes young
at heart it's about what's on the inside
not the outside Ethan no they know that
no just a little John one - shut up
okay I'm sorry I scream I don't know a
bigger better being quiet oh yeah you
skip work on
what was that sign dog nice dog it but
it's shy what does it mean it wasn't me
what are you doing like it's like my
neighbors it's like my neighbors front
oh yeah I'm back yeah and then I went
and looked at a piece of property guys
we're still trying to find a house we
don't want to be homeless alright guys
so we are still looking at houses well
this one's not even house is just a
piece of land because I think the move
is to buy a piece of land and then build
everything we want on it we're just
looking at like big plots of land like
these but guys we don't know what we
want to do being an adult sucks back to
you Jake and then I went back to the
team townhouse with someone you just
know I'm sorry yeah yep roll the clip
alright so here's the deal merch link a
bio first of all most important I'm
gonna go to the top of the slide I'm a
rundown we're gonna see what happens
I'm a flipping sending John Mack strong
hey miss hi hi hmm how are you I'm good
how are you okay I missed you I haven't
been home all day
I know literally all day let me see when
I go to Miami to look for it what are
you going my flight got cancelled so
hopefully tonight yeah hold on hold on
what are you doing bro bro I'm vlogging
where you doing I'm youtube.com why'd
you get the same camera as me because I
got a copy the best to be the better bro
I'm okay are you vlogging - yeah this is
how they do it I think gosh darn it oh
yeah bring out the moves Oh
okay new concept I run down backwards
you out back I don't know Martina said
either but having great time out here
Negro you went and looked at a house
today you find the dope one I think I
found no one
oh snap that's a bold statement guys you
might be moving I'm gonna move okay wait
you wanna be roomies yeah with you and
Erica yeah yeah maybe a neighbor instead
of a roomie yeah you think the cage
should be our roommate in our house yeah
yeah he's still jumping I don't know
what's going on man look oh my god well
oh I thought I was gonna help I'm sorry
I'm good a few moments later oh my god
what's up bro I'll be quiet we don't to
start as we can flash back a few weeks
of vlogs ago a young tomato plant did
you know that this is a tomato plant in
its infancy and not what a couple months
this thing will will have Tomatoes so we
could eat I don't like the advice came
yeah yeah I know let's go and here we
see it's starting it to smile I told you
guys it was a tomato plant its infancy
okay and now it's in its teenage years
look at these we're like any dude I mean
all ages really younger the better but
this is great oh yeah well it's really
cool thank you for teaching us about
life and stuff I'm always I mean pretty
soon we'll have fresh salsa we can get
some what is that other things that
would go in salsa
maybe we can check back in when it's a
little older I'm gonna pick some of the
weeds around me what okay we'll leave
you do it in the corner systems how did
you know these things
I don't know he's weirded my flight got
cancelled so you drive yeah
why did you cry because I'm
why don't you just call me here on set
when I cry you cry but you don't cry
what Josh Martinez for help can't a
buddy I missed I guess that's really
meaningful and I like that I like that
about us that our yeah yeah right around
here - yeah yeah it's a nice other thing
you need for that
oh yeah right around I rap mercs right
around here feels good oh where are you
going
guys are you leaving forgotten all and
this may be my thumbnail yeah no no what
I'm believing do you just turn and like
like your bags like pull on a statute
though yeah like round now that's two
about you that's like that's too much
it's just like this right here me all
right now one kicking me out no no it
just was not know if you don't think
right then what do you do I reach for
the door yep
keep going you're in character you're
leaving you're leaving you're leaving
you're leaving you're great great great
great great I by Jessa
actually she's actually good thank you
no are you going to maybe give me that
double summit there you going where
where are you going by the way dance
convention
what better life no okay it's fine this
is a low light camera what I mean you
just always better let your optimal
honeymoon what anniversary trip you want
you should go I'll go okay going with
you I don't have a bag but I got a log
camera all you need just go with them
make sure that they're not doing
anything wishy kissing only I was going
to go and then you said he's going to go
to Costco build a baby and I got really
weird I'm usually all for babies but
that's getting weird what's happening
you're leaving too now yeah you're going
to Miami
wait hon just give me even a better
something hold on maybe act like you're
packing up and like look at me piss I
think you should be in this kicking me
out yeah yeah not yeah I'll baby put my
face like that
yeah you're actually going to Miami man
am I gonna do just gonna be me and Tony
let's do not unless
nevermind Martinez what are you guys
doing
nothing just chilling we're driving
something do you uh want to make a song
ah what did you some yeah Bravo yeah we
got to go like right now though let's go
come on
you guys are going to be famous I need
my visa but to be famous to get my visa
yeah let's go make a song guys we're
gonna go make a song hopefully doesn't
turn out as bad as this everyday bro but
yeah you also you also slide down slide
every single day on different yeah no it
was really good it was a 50-50 it was a
hit or miss you either loved it or you
hated it yeah I'm sorry hey Syd Nathan
can you come I mean I might need you in
the corner everyone's got the merch on
Lincoln bar
thank you guys so now we are back here
doing it I'm going in I'm dropping bars
the Martinez twins are wrapping it's
ready
preview preview I thought you guys
that's how you get with a real big
American Eagles we don't really know we
don't know how to do it both they
learned about finding oh they didn't
know they don't know what they're it's
okay their money Martina strings
representing Sonia tournament we got a
Sunday they can make it in one day I
just be ready to take off alrighty guys
that is it for today thank you so much
for watching we grinded basically all
day you know how we do it is every day
bro and Jake Palmer's don't forget to
become part the Jake Walla family check
out the March in bio you already know
and I will see you tomorrow because
every day bro Jake Pollard's what's
poppin check out this new March Oh that
much is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited-time
click the link make sure your subscribe
to keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul - which you guys can subscribe
to right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow poof
