it's an accomplishment take pause give
it up for yourself yeah Channel Seven's
outside guys good morning guess what
today is guess what and I one month
anniversary of being married to Erica oh
my god so look I'm not surprised ER with
these flowers that I got for her I think
she's in our room right now I'm such a
good husband okay oh my god do you know
what today is
you got these always not for me I know
what today is come on Amber's oh well
it's great dude wow you've been learning
so much for me what oh your essence
coming undone yeah yeah okay Wow yeah
great this is great yeah this is a good
one - uh edible - edible look you can
eat it I don't think they're edible but
um yeah yeah wasn't the edible
arrangement Oh Jake you know I got no
nose maybe yes fine thank you okay mmm
Rose Brown how you really like it it's a
one-month anniversary Grammys excited he
just shows it there as I asked up my
teeth and yeah morning Jake call us what
is going on party people today is
already off to a crazy crazy start right
now I'm like trending on twitter as like
the number one thing we're on the news
last night over like a million people to
see savage and like all my friends
attention across all you want to do
throwing saw you on the news new
courtesy broke and I'm just like yo it's
just another day of the Jake Palmer
vlogs baby you guys know it is every
single day and so when everyone comes
and shines the attention on it we're
kind of just like yo have you seen the
other vlogs baby but anyway if you're
new here
object off this is the team den huh he
said it's like every single day bro and
he is that line that's my boy chance I
hope you guys are working hard I hope
your job in on them haters people hate
on you guys don't conform to society let
them hate and watch the money pile of
poo
and watch them ILO and make sure you are
working hard and without any further ado
let's flip and do that
oh my gosh max goddamn it dude you just
need a chill dude a little bit just to
get a sense it's like an everyday thing
now is this how you wake up in the
morning well he's gonna die is that a
chair like I guys I promise you this is
not stuff as long I walk out here and
he's already doing
oh my god it works so good Oh max I love
you it would we're so good
a few moments later yeah guys you take
balls for building idea Jake wall
I don't right now I haven't been this
excited in a while we just got in such
don't march the Jake wall a sweatshirt
oh my god Jake wall shirts are now here
the acts that progress Brady become a
part of the everyday broke hammer
oh we're exiting out the haters we're
action out the haters there's like tons
of different Colorado Justin's already
guy is not on yellow what is that this
one's hot purple purple its my
anniversary with Erica that's why we're
here
come on so this I've been a big fella
for each other wife yeah we're toast
she's divorcing oh it looks better in
person
oh my gosh Tim politics become a part of
the cake hug family I got yourself some
actual March it's so hot you already
know you should put one on you was that
who wore it better
oh snap all going gray that's my flippin
boy ah
small yeah you should get a bigger size
yes rocket yeah okay pull my shorts up
yeah cool
the situation guys so basically as you
saw in yesterday's vlog our neighbors
hate us as you know before they try to
send us like a legal letter to get us to
stop filming the vlogs which they cannot
do they say that we're like these
terrible people and we are menace like
to the whole entire neighborhood bla bla
bla bla bla bla and the truth of the
matter is that they are just as bad as
us there are multiple times and
situations where they are just
absolutely absurd they call the cops on
us on a day-to-day basis for no reason
they call parking enforcement over to
give us tickets I think last week we had
over a thousand dollars in ticket for
parking our cars in the street in front
of our own house they cuss at the Jake
Pollard's like little 12 year old 13 14
year old you guys they cuss at you guys
telling you to go home telling you guys
that you are idiots but turns to
subfolders you can reduce and okay it
gets better it gets better not only this
they try to hire inspectors from the
city to come inside of our house to try
and say that like we're doing things
illegally inside of our own house not
only this but some nights when I'm
trying to go to sleep
some of the neighbors come over drunk
and start cussing at us telling us that
they want to fight us throwing beer and
stuff on again kids and we have the
footage check it out Oh problem with
that do you want to know something I
would never bring my child
oh we're gonna be two second away I do
feel here if you fuck all y'all what's
up girls y'all these bitches but we're
all just gonna stay here and watch you
now I got nothing on the second robbery
the one dude anybody cares about is in
his room
and he thinks you can all go suck dick
right now Nick Hollon cops oh Allah cops
you're gay so that in the very short
summary is our neighbors they are old
people trying to bring down us
Millennials and make us look bad yes
we're both at fault like yes we do crazy
things but the amount of crazy things
that we do it's in our house it's in our
backyard it's in our front yard
it does not affect them at all and
they're trying to bring us down which is
completely unacceptable because these
videos the Jake Paulus are inspiring
millions of people around the world we
are making a difference working harder
every day smiling every day getting
better as a person every day and gabbing
on them haters every day look at how
many people in this room can touch
millions of people's lives on a day to
day basis the fact that they're trying
to stop that really shows how selfish
they are and again we're at fault too
it's not their fault it's not our fault
but what I'm going to do right now is go
and be the bigger person and apologize
to them and try to talk through the
problems and have communication like an
adult would they never even come to us
and ask us to stop doing anything they
just call the cops they never try to
have a conversation with us face to face
as an adult when they aren't drunk or
trying to fight us and so I'm going to
be the bigger person in this situation
as a 20 year old kid and go talk to
these neighbors of ours and try to mend
the situation I don't know what's about
to happen but uncle Nathan is going to
be in the corner uncle Nathan you ready
for the corner you're going to be in the
corner all right cool you trained them
yeah they're come yeah do you want to
come with me to confront the neighbors
yeah I do I feel like the village is hot
let's talk maybe so check all we just
want to like come over and greet all of
our neighbors and like apologize for all
the chaos we are we just wanted to
apologize and like work towards getting
better and we never communicate with
anyone no one ever has come to us to
sell our concern yeah we want to open
that door yeah well I appreciate it I do
I do I'm like I don't think you guys I'm
not when I remember that like absolutely
hates you yeah I know it's really tough
because there's not really a solution
yeah yeah so it's just like Tai Chi
safety okay and then just annoying it
yeah no we understand like I am I don't
have anything personal against you guys
or what I don't like I just I understand
that like that's your life which is
awesome and I respect that okay guys so
we went and confronted the neighbors we
got a lot of Intel but what's crazy
about it is that a lot of the neighbors
don't actually care it's just a select
few and the main guy doesn't even live
on the street so there's some guy in
like another street who's just old and
ornery and doesn't have any friends and
he's the one that's trying to ban the
neighbors together to try and file a
lawsuit against us what are you guys
doing their approach nick is approaching
the elf is approaching quick play dead
what are you guys doing what is this I
think just sort of like the social media
Safari and they're like acting like I'm
like a the king cobra something I know
he's going to spit some angry fish track
better matter so we go run think I know
what's happening
no I don't know guys we tried with the
neighbors we're trying to be the bigger
people here we're gonna be quieter or at
least try to be and work towards getting
better as be neighbors God it sucks
being in the dark
today we observe another freshman
vlogger in his prime Justin now you're
not alone bro are you vlogging that's
terrible form yeah there we go
log off log off you're gonna be on deep
ten you got to be the best damn lawyer
and kid you hear me yeah this is proper
blog post on my blog karin-sama no just
like this bootays ok yellow vlog camera
oh yeah so see funny story I guess now's
a great time tired
I've been watching you kiddos on YouTube
for so long I figured I'd get myself one
of these cool devices you carry around
all the time and try to post yourself on
internet where
good idea yeah yeah I would watch it I
would watch on with Katie your first
vlog post is well I'm filming today so
I'm doing it like you guys do it it will
go up tomorrow so today but that's when
you guys are watching it so you're go
today you have a blog up right now so if
you're watching this I have a video
that's on YouTube no yeah okay first
vlog ever look at them go
I've seen you guys do it but it's a
little different when it's your own
camera you know what I mean are you guys
going to watch because that would be one
view to view preview for view 5 views if
everyone watch and then I'm going to
watch 5 times that's like 10 years 10
pennies that's a dime son you like dying
to talk to tens only has but in all
seriousness it's funny and all as you
guys know uncle Cate is just a character
yeah I actually have a normal person
there was a point in time where I was
not an uncle yeah but Kate has been here
since the first vlog guys which is crazy
because it's been like two hundred and
eighty something the jiggle-ator flippin
days and Kate was there since day one
and it's crazy to see him being able to
start his own vlog channel now it blows
his mind blows my mind
guys the Jake baller should give them
full support because it's part of the
reasons that Jake callers are the who
the Jake callers are which is the
strongest family on YouTube so we all
should go over support his log Channel
first vlog most is up right now guys
check it out it's going to be higher
link in the description
I want to give a little remembrance to
some of the moments that Kate and I had
together we've been through thick and
thin
there is longer days back I roll the
clip
we
wow what a day man life crazy my life's
crazy you got it go Martinez you sweet
teaching them yeah yeah not what do you
suppose to talk a little bit what's that
one thing that you say the Glock thing
seven I got a Glock at my heart but you
have to film yourself counselor I've
always got a Glock in his arari thanks
laughter my rari
yeah yeah if you just keep on saying
that you'll get views and just keep
wearing the merch everywhere the March
every day I'm gonna put you in and tell
them that the link is in the biotin is
actually in the bile yeah oh I don't
know it's contact but I like it how old
are you six okay we've got a young buck
blogger here I remember when I was six
the blogs okay so if you're gonna vlog
the best thing you could do you got to
come up with an idea that drives the
vlog do you understand what I'm saying
so do you have an idea like what would
you want to do an ideal to paint a boy
wants to paint something uh I'll get you
scraping be right back we have great
always narrating nice angles nice angles
do you need me think this is dream did I
teach you that in school I know I know
it's game I will yes II speak clearly
okay so you get spray paint whatever you
want yeah just call the top there be
careful cuz it's going to come out right
now
spray paint anything you want except for
that wall no not that well not that well
anything you want you're going over
there
I think you might have to be a little
bit louder okay so my team is towards
wall no no no not that way chill chill
hey hey don't do this don't do that no
you can't do that bro any wall except
that one oh you need to set the camera
down so it has a tripod feature I'll do
it for you for the first one you set up
this tripod see now I got the angle you
know oh my god yo yo yo oh no I can't
stop him no he's so happy look how happy
he is he gave me a good vlog content
what nothing nothing get a little closer
get closer today what's your name is
that man because that looks like a dick
your name is not just been drew dick on
your room you can't get mad as I'm
rolling lqt is where my house I'll
finish it off good job not an alien
no no it's a dish okay yeah let me take
help let me I got it this has always
been doing this if you do doing it then
it's not okay bro Martinez went there
and I tell him what just happened yeah
Jacob my boys I said I got a funny one
nobody's talking about don't go in there
nope
no Justin you control this other
pressuring take Paul Murch great think
this wall is really taking shape do you
have any other colors tossed it out
would you go pen dude what did you do
according to this wall yeah you did
look he says the fix there y'all
Martinez dude bro dude look what Ben did
you know look what he did do must be
this tall for the visa lengthy oh oh man
one day Oh big ballers yeah he's a Jake
baller - are you gonna believe it six
year old army you put Troy yeah you put
on my wall yeah where is it he said
piece at Martinez parts Trump doesn't
work what does that look like Oh what
does that look like
nobody zero what does that look like a
deep login please logging into I told
house like y'all you need a vlog idea if
I can rip the video no you can't do that
you can't do that there's no footage I
can't believe a six-year-old ruined your
wall man that girl might be yeah yeah
yeah yeah I get them
okay okay oh the Martinez friends are
committing murder better are you good is
he dead
yeah okay guys alright you get home from
the gym calm down calm down just calm
down
you can do it you really don't want to
mess with I'll I gotta go oh wow
you've got about Justin all right I know
you're doing you really don't want to
fight people from Ohio
like okay I take all three of them at
once you want to see
boy yo max grow all these okay yeah are
you sure bro go get the piano key
blipping sis put on the side that'll
jump oh my God why why no no that's why
you flip it Center bro
Jake homework Lincoln my ha ha are you
silly I'm still here fiendish yeah two
hours later okay guys so it's a couple
hours later and currently we are the
number one news on across the world
daily mail everything it's an
accomplishment take pause give it up for
yourself yeah Channel seven part of it
man you guys ready all right hold on
baby you look so beautiful you getting
ready for our date can you take my
camera and go film them that's it here I
can't go out though because they'll put
me out don't put me all over the front
page of everything every news outlet
there is channel 7 you guys are late and
you're hit I don't know if you don't
care what we were looking for you are
they Paul
like I'm sorry your novel we were linked
we're like all I want a cause you think
well oh I don't know they don't know
that all of content is popping pop comes
the book guys but in all seriousness
it's kind out of control like we're just
trying to send it bro PNN Roja big news
we're not this crazy but like it's just
fun and funny and entertaining and like
it's just go hi it's Ohio yeah that's
probably what it is we probably look
really dumb but like at the same time
it's kind of like yo you only live once
I apologize to our neighbors we're
trying to move out we don't like the
situation either channel Martinez's also
dig closer
Santa Monica the neighbor you know how
you feel is that your is that your news
camera yeah honey that let us be it I
just have one question for you yeah are
you ready for our date yeah before the
date we're gonna have a commercial break
what are we going to do roll the clip
bring a calculus crew don't sugarcoat
APU
I was amazing we have such amazing wise
one month of togetherness come here come
here
mm-hmm motherfuck you shut up Anthony
Yeah right
what are you doing here here okay yeah
no come on you got me my favorite Taco
Bell
anyways these are proposals made
actually he picked out all this for sale
sign Oh puppy training bad yeah I could
be like what's that a toothbrush a
tongue scraper
wow thanks those are amazing good they
gotta go to gym a little bit Oh amazing
how you doing oh yeah my favorite part
about the money yeah really the whole
thing we should do this more often
okay for cake that big you
okay later later huh - 2017 oh okay
the Jake Paul pillows are really
comfortable at Lincoln buy yeah I'm full
- I'm full I'm full uh he's not hungry
okay low on chicken I really like doing
other things than Bates to be honest I
like to do active stuff like I could
blow stuff up me me know but I just
anything like I think my a DD is cooking
in like I was watching the Discovery any
Mick baby okay Jake polish make sure to
vote for me for the Teen Choice Awards
today is the last day if you have the
chance to win an iPhone and some free
merch
buh buh buh buh we're gonna have a clean
sweep and as always keep on keep on
working hard keep on dabbing on them
haters keep on smiling I'm gonna enjoy
this date with my beautiful wife and my
best friend and my other best friend and
my best friend's wife
no you're my best friend's wife and we
will see you tomorrow because it's every
day well Jake Pollard's what pop and
check out this new March Oh
that much is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
