yeah i'ma sell it bro no no I'm gonna
sell it I sold it bro
morning party people and welcome to
another day of partying
you also ah too bad wrong answer
every day is a party who's your daddy
who's your daddy whoa whoa I'm your
mommy bitch Welcome Party are you guys
ready to party
Oh chance you don't look like you're
ready to party here's some confetti whoo
it's a party yeah I got some silly
string for the fuck yeah baby it's a
what you never been to a real party
well good morning hold on hold on let me
fix the light good morning to you party
people and I hope that you guys are
having a party at home they apparently
don't want a party if you're new here
object Paul this is a team 10 house and
it is lit every single day bro make sure
you guys are smiling on a day-to-day
basis make sure you're working hard
make sure you dab it on them haters
baby's dead they're dab on them and with
some any further ado let's flip it send
it today go didn't work I didn't go to
transition shots you got to do it again
sorry I messed up the words I think is
that
whoo all right guys so we are here on
set of his aardvark I am vlogging right
now we're about to do a table read which
is like where you read in front of all
the people at Disney and they tell you
whether they like the script or not
Ethan what's up buddy I missed you okay
not really
yeah your grandma's here hi grandma's
here hey I need to be back I'm happy to
have you too you need to control your
little daredevil there I think your
grandma and I have a really good
connection Ethan that's cool
you should go after it oh well he does
call me hot grandma ha does that bother
you
hi guys we talked about how Kobe Bryant
watch his bizarre bark yes game fm
I'm so mad that I didn't I wasn't there
with them but basically I Kobe Bryant
came up to Olivia and Madison we're like
the opens our box awesome our kids watch
it all the time and then they suite it
up check out these tweets oh my god whoo
Oh guys back at the team penthouse and
look who is here
haha you guys thought I was gone okay
tits back to get rid of me yeah anyway
you really can't I mean I'm like kind of
like a catch-22 thing I'm happy Anna's
dead but it does feel good to have you
back today I saw some things on the
youtubes I was browsing I told that
there might have been potential issues
so I had to hurry back and try to solve
those yes we solved it on our own you
guys did it yeah we solved the marriage
problem okay great we want that solves
problems that's all about problem
avoided problem solving very good news
like that yeah that that's so I got a I
got um bouquets in here and we're in the
garage because we have to be quiet
because we are about to prank erica has
a welcome home gift
how happy would you be if you get this
all of your faces like hey I'm back I
got this to Betty bless your popgasa
fire literally Erica look who's back
come here come here look
Oh Oh glad to see me aren't you glad
guys everyone who came back he seems
that you're the only one that's excited
because these great people with this ok
just bonding with the kids love kids
ok love kids so ok this is a new
addition to the house and generally
these things are very safe but I did
safety checked it pretty sturdy with no
side walls but that's fine Max is back
at it that's a big you have an addiction
Howard Dixit you didn't say that and do
the holes at the same time yeah
flashback to yesterday Oh another
mattress the mattress is the small go
well you're so hit max you are you are
so hit bro local gays that look like fun
right yeah oh yeah yeah do you know what
freshmen be counting no no freshman yeah
first well yeah personal yeah boys as
else no I don't know no I don't know
look at food like an initiation
you're hungry right yeah Christmas
brunch right
joy right let's call a freshman beatdown
say it for me first move be down anymore
it'll be tough oh you're gonna be a
freshman for a year bro yeah you're
screwed I'm sorry it's just part of it
like everyone knows what the freshmen be
done it back in my day for us to be down
man swirly so if you're down for that
okay I'm always coming to swirly I'm not
even joking would you do it to me you
under right now oh my god yeah here with
the plunger that's worse than what we
used to do it it's the nastiest thing
I've ever seen literally it felt great
because Jake only success and he takes
it in there so my head was did I so
successful what are you disgusting ions
okay and I'm about to help your street
cred okay watch she's got a French
French person what's up there you'll see
French people street cred yo shut up
shut up
yo what's Bob him what's good my man how
are you
the album drop that's my boy haha you
gotta jump on the next Jake pass on hey
I'm a boy imma let you go oh that makes
you cool bro yeah but what else that was
French Montana yeah I was installing
over French Montana
lyz freaking out like French in Montana
two totally different places no no no no
he's a rat he's a really famous rapper
you just job the new album it's like
blowing up yeah so so the kids will
think I'm cool if I told them I was on
FaceTime with them yeah bro that's um
say I wish I know Hey look yeah that's
dope right yeah it's extremely but that
was that actually painful thing yeah bro
what do you mean I just not just not
again you know that's so late right
no no why kids are freaking out but if
he is that popular they're not sick
I talked to this I just talked to that
man thing hey y'all okay this is it this
is a song bro that do some France oh I
heard a song yeah yeah yeah yo you know
a video on YouTube once they dance
you're like good oh well that's all the
kids that they're good at but I don't
know if that's okay
I mean I thought that French dude
invented French Montana yeah it's not
actually brunch no I think he is yeah
what is he from Montana I don't know man
just listen to the music what are you
guys doing illness
China here you guys sure this is
regulation yeah building code for this
city Los Angeles bro we could extend it
send it
any Jenny how I'm gonna say I did are
you Jenny Jenny are you Jenny are you
not Jenny so sorry
I guess not Jeff we're just looking for
every time I come to this play they
never have Jenny never here Old Navy
excuse me these they don't look very old
to me these clothes don't look old more
false advertising I am pissed
good dog to tell you the devil it's not
calm thought that would call no I'm
starting to rub off on uncle K now
hardest style killing it just out here
BOTS existence comes okay they always
pop it bro
hey wait a cool all of a sudden when the
camera comes on what do you mean wrote a
blog it did no that's dangerous that's
the camera cut is Lee attached to the
store that you see the wire well I gotta
buy my own first man you gotta use what
you got right now all right guys signing
off please take it easy Sam
later oh my god what are you what listen
there's a rap stuff the French Montaigne
guy you found them so good I see why
your kids are excited about that guy oh
look uncle Keith it says team members
only
oh wait working Mike we're team ten
member head who's back here for special
team time today but people really do
like team ten
I don't even realize it can anything
else does it team ten members so we just
came back here you guys on Team Tennis
you don't look like the Martinez to do
you guys have a permit to be down here
yes that's team ten members team 1000 is
a prank it's a prank
someone's willing to prank on us is it
chance and Anthony ah it says it again
the other entrance the different
entrance oh yeah no watching 10 it says
team 10 you guys cannot be back here no
if you are signed up Rekha no there's no
prank they're pranking us god they're
good we have to go back in there to keep
you okay I'm sorry
uncle K what they doing them everyone's
so quiet today violin can how her
getting kicked out it caused a prank
dude you guys in on the fight who hired
you was a chance and Anthony come on
show up on your vlog
oh you Jake Paula knob I see oh well
that counts Felix who hired you someone
on Team 10 hired you because you put up
signs that said team 10 members he's
just trying to be an uncle
this guy he doesn't talk good prank make
sure you tag me they really follow
through with that whole brand a group
start to finish
who is that goose bill Nina chance
Anthony where are the cameras okay oh no
I thought that we go
we serve by the way your dog is the
devil run
you have to go sometimes in life people
die and you have to deal with it but
folks this is part of life and right now
I am on the floor of a store recording
this voice over and I just want to say
rest in peace Jenny Craig
rest in peace because sometimes in life
people die and we hope it's not Jenny
but Jenny rest in peace I don't know
what I'm like like that a good voiceover
that's a good voiceover cut I'm trying
to cut oh so we're going alright come on
yeah good well good hi I'm Jenny will
love it if she could see it if she could
see it was she's dead she's really dead
a few moments later okay so we've been
running around because I have the plan
so basically my brother got a new car
today it is like Mercedes big like
$300,000 car my boys a flip in sevens go
Logan he deserves it you work super hard
but guys I gotta put it up for sale and
so we're getting for sale signs which is
driving we've been running around and
I'm gonna put his car onto Craigslist so
he called me it was like you know Jake
I'm going to come over and a little bit
show you my new car and I was like yeah
yeah while he's not looking put it up
for sale
whoa baby yo yo it's getting down ro
this is actually coming together quite
nice this looks a lot better than I
thought was gonna look no offense guys
all five guys you have a door okay
Channel 5 News
yeah do they want an interview they want
to talk to whoever's responsible for the
crowd outside yeah that is that mean
yeah thanks you I want to be on TV I
want to be on cocaine can you go help me
roll you done interviews a lot right now
I'm good with everything I'm an uncle
hahaha okay I got ya guys okay yeah okay
good oh no I got to keep my I got to get
the mic ray listen you've been on our
morning show yeah what's up bro how do
you hear some of this my new time being
mo muto yeah yeah yeah yeah let's go oh
I wouldn't crawl up there why I before
you do that I want to do the interview
here how do I know you're up there we
can do the interview up there okay we'll
get them down right yeah I thought I
recognized you from the morning show
have you been on our minds oh I think so
yeah all right I was yeah I'm going to
be honest some of the neighbors a lot of
the neighbors are complaining they're
very upset no why why they say that
you've created a living hell out here
that's like a circus yes it does a fan I
mean but people like going to circuses
right
yeah people like going up on bro
circuses or services are those my
friends Justin yeah you want to touch
the might touch the mic oh that's dope
what do you say to the neighbor so
better upset not really upset I honor
them join them
no I'm honestly yeah it's terrible it's
a bad situation you know I feel bad for
them yeah for sure there's nothing we
can do though the Jake pollens are the
strongest army out there dad what about
the stunts like the bonfire in the pool
a lot of them really upset about that
Fiji is special special effects all
right I have a one question for you yeah
we didn't have the news well what is
life oh my god those shoes were in here
the neighbors hate me but I'm still
going to send it
yeah there's women telling us yeah
Channel Five's you I'm still gonna
attack big dude I said the neighbors
said we made it a living hell
imagine what it's like to be in the
house that's
they don't think I understand
20 minutes later Logan just got here hi
V hi sorry we need tape
what did you take when I tell you the
time is right you guys have to distract
him I'll go k9 are gonna put it up for
sale okay I'm gonna talk to him and act
like everything's okay come on okay
Logan no no you got this look new set of
five in here look at Michelle follow it
work look at look at a rate yourself I
already sent it for him
oh this is so dope okay do you like this
is really all I can do Wow Wow bro that
is so dope y'all made it dude it's not
yet bro I'm just a grind star but maybe
on my way okay
so you're letting me drive it this is
should I Drive it yes oh my gosh it
smells like a new clock I stole my
brother's car yo doing the eyebrow thing
for new haha
Logan already sent it for him bro trust
me I sent it are you selling you guys
silly didn't all the time I'm gonna
steal it
scrapper distracted login just close
that I'm trying to get a feature I'm
trying to see what it looks like on
camera and we're going oh my god I'm
driving such an expensive car Matt oh my
god is with me how are we going to take
it around the corner and put up for sale
and it's never gonna know
sorry love yeah I took a brand new
vehicle oh this thing is slick is it
fast
Wow
oh look it's on his blog - all right
Park I don't know put the signs on and
let's take a picture and dick you'll put
the for sale signs over here be really
careful like put it on very lightly I
don't want to run his collar that's good
light light there you go so it is
brand-new cock damn it is dope though
already good and picture please sure
alright I think the signs take this
coming okay go back
low again right it's jacked him you just
wanted them to work for it
no but total cocaine hey brother your
thing which yeah it's dope right yeah
what did you do with it no we just drove
around the block and I was like flooring
it a little bit am I gonna get in like
ink is going to hit my face or something
why would I do that because you drank me
multiple times you put my face on a
billboard
no no I didn't I didn't I didn't do that
dude I got this for you
though I am leaving fiver you want some
place because we don't know hey hey hey
we need all these plates no hi thank you
for the stroll by the way do good today
Logan do good today
remember Jake Walmart slinging bio do
good today Jerrica Marx now available
got much one person so pie Logan tempers
out but so put it on Craigslist
Craigslist Craigslist here knows how to
make a listing I thought that here job I
thought that was your job I can do it I
think okay so I finish the listing check
it out check this out look brand new
Mercedes G Wagon 4x4 squared a hundred
thousand Hollywood eight cylinders for
sale for sale all the pictures boom and
his phone number oh sorry I had to blur
it now publish okay guys to the next
step of this good junkies up is I'm
going to text Brendan right now who is
Logan's videographer and I'm going to
ask him to start recording on his iPhone
if people start to call Logan and I'm
going to have him send me the footage so
we're getting inside footage of Logan's
reaction let's go three out of day Phil
what do you get no Phil I don't know
what you're talking about where did you
get this information
how did you my number no I absolutely
did not I don't care if I could be it's
like they don't even have a craigslist
account dude I don't have a quick this
is gonna get vlog burning dog bro John
soon as he said I was like he took my
car
and he put it on Craigslist and I bet
that's just thumbnail and click ok you
Jake from the low gang savage doe I
respect it I love you brother
yeah Logan must be so pissed right now
float over Dooku over new clothes like I
love you are that's just funny that I
like I just like I like you know what I
love more than I love you is messing
with you you get mad freeze I think
brother relationship yeah so okay so I
call Logan right now yeah and reveals
and I haven't had my people call his
people hey Logan what's up bro turn your
screen orientation lock yeah I wanna
sell it bro
no no imma sell it I sold it broke
Tron know what yeah why would you sell
it I'm selling it oh no I'm hanging up
Oh doesn't it yeah damn it feels good to
be king I also hope you do something
because when you hit the zoom you guys
when the raxiom comes yeah merry yeah
ready let's go again yeah three two
yeah no that was terrible I'll show you
I'll show you don't you mean total fuck
did it does like game watch my penis is
know how to do it ready three two I use
clearly I'm joking Oh what Jake
Pollard's new March pulls away all the
hell now
look my boys rapping marshalling and bye
guys don't forget to vote for us for the
Teen Choice Awards let's get a clean
sweep tea choice calm choice youtuber
choice male westar thingy majiggy for
logan choice comedian for logan choice
music web star for me baby let's get it
baby you know how I think I said baby
baby there's too many times day before
that guy my boy and I take parlors we
will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bro grease ha-har Jake
Pollard's what pop and check out this
new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Church see you
guys tomorrow
poof
