you know you were checking out my wife
throw baby can you walk away please go
dance bitch sorry bro I saw you though
good oh my gosh write it write it Wow no
again again again again that was so sick
oh my god win it and good morning Jake
ball is what is going on party people
I hope you're having a great day I hope
you dab it on the mater's house you're
smiling I hope you're working hard I
hope you're not burning your leg hair
off if you're new here I'm Jake ball
this is the team tent house and it's lit
every single day bro sometimes literally
sometimes it's literally lit have we
like skateboards on fire and trying to
stick with them so Chad's gonna keep on
doing this until he burns the house down
we'll give them one more try blend it
yeah Wow he lies with it that's my boy
Chad pepper and without any further ado
let's flip it alright Martinez can you
hit it without further ado
max you're starting to do these things
once a day like it's just a midlife
crisis or what I mean I respect that
this is a really nice system
yeah what Boop okay there you go you got
it though I think you got it I'm
starting to maybe think that we
shouldn't anyplace what is the space
again where you realize that he almost
not he's like okay where's that this
moment I'm asked to do Keith what the
well oh you got to go again bro no you
got it max max what are you doing whoa
whoa whoa why mark one mark you guys
silly yeah max wait wait wait let me
tell the people what's about to happen
if he's gonna jump on the screen because
I start getting fast he's gonna get
scared and eat it and it's going really
bad are you silly will not hurt big
ballers before all this madness started
earlier this morning we went house
shopping
roll the clip bro we need a new house
what is up party people right now we are
looking at houses with the squad I
really like the one that we just looked
at it's really good for a family right
I'm doing this me absolutely I can see
the kids already yeah you just see them
running around check it out is a little
sneak preview of what we got going on
we're about to turn this place into a
compound we need to find the right one I
don't know what do you think Nick I like
the llamas do we get to keep them if you
buy it
oh my gosh oh my god do you see this
honey I'm trying to get fit
yeah I have to take the chicken off of
the bread oh that's no good that is too
many calories are we living a french
fries right this is yoga Oh bleep
do you sanitize cuz you should bitch you
take it the bread off you can eat the
french fries so that your balance they
don't understand fungi Good Morning
America you look beautiful today you
look beautiful today oh you just
compliment Lee always whenever I
compliment you thank you just point
thank you you look beautiful today is
that better
no no you should always be the only time
you ever compliment me is when I
compliment you oh my gosh if your bag is
it Chanel then what is it I got a Chanel
bag
hold on and then I got my tattoo of the
world because I'm peaceful I got this
lightning strike because I'm just crazy
I'm just out of control
girl I got a club oh my gosh and so what
happened to work Coachella is every year
it does the GPS coordinates to Coachella
oh my god get it catted so you never get
lost
smart vet smile Oh smart my gosh are
those Puma fancy Rihanna edition girl
you're doing it look at Jill except I am
the most basic back there is you know
who my dad is
keown Stoney you know the construction
company like that who the hell are you
do you wanna die you don't even have its
share stay standing
Justin I know we've been giving you a
lot of like freshman beatdown yeah yeah
but I have your followers been going up
because of it know if you guys want it
to go up you know Justin or clicking
subscribe go to my youtube channel get
me 2 million yeah
and then I won't be a freshman anymore
we're about to go on the street and
Erica is gonna be like bending over and
when guys walk by and be like bro did
you hit on my wife but before we do that
again earlier this morning
let's just say I got my friend arrested
roll the clip
alright guys we just got to 1609 where I
used to live and we're about to pop off
a savage prank am i right guys oh you
got jokes but basically if you guys
don't know it's just so you guys know
Curtis Lepore has been pranking us at
the team ten house non-stop coming over
when he wants ambulance pranks pranks
and so now it's time to get revenge
sorry Curtis we have to fake cops or the
real cops that there are real cops that
are off duty they're on their break day
so they're real cops they're on their
way here they're going to meet us here
we'll go through the whole game plan and
Curtis Curtis posted a video of him like
burning down a forest which is like
completely illegal I don't know what
Curtis is doing but it looked like it
was causing a forest fire he didn't
really burn it down he just made the
video look like you mean yeah I got a
really good special effects yeah the
cops are coming with like documents and
sheet and transcripts and photos of the
video and then like I'll show it and or
basically and make it feel like Curtis
is getting arrested and Scooby Savage I
mean my boys my boys gonna have no idea
what's going on so let's do it
all right so we got Dave here as the
fire marshal uh you're going to get with
you become hey okay all right always
clogged my boys of savage and we have
official paperwork here with like
curtis's face on it of like when the
fire happened on video and saying all
this like legal jargon
let me got my boy Rob here as the cop
he's got all of his like caught
walkie-talkie flashes smashed he thought
police stuff my boy Oscar is going to be
in on the inside with Curtis he's
telling her to stay he's just picking
something up he's going to set this
camera down which is going to be like
the main angle and then my boy uncle
Nathan is going to be in the corner for
usual with a lot of my film and
everything close up and then I'm just
going to be laughing the whole time and
enjoying the show so I was all for to do
what do you say we do this
listen they control let's make it roll
we're about to do this always going to
go from so scared to them so happy
because this dream is for Jake to
actually prank him there
I had done her - we stepped inside would
like to ask a few questions
go ahead we were limited to a video that
was posted on YouTube and I believe also
the place play yeah we want to make it a
bad nobody was hurt you can hear you
know the origin of the fire no we've
done obviously in our investigation your
post came up your YouTube absolutely
yeah and you guys are there light not
bottle rockets and and stuff right in
the area okay number one it's restricted
area especially at dusk like that number
two its possession of the illegal
fireworks we didn't start that fire
we've made sure we call the fire
department we for sure I'm not trying to
set fire to anything we were just
celebrating the fourth of July based on
what we can see now my job for sure oh
yeah I've got to take you wanna go awry
and I appreciate that and I don't want
to give you guys any problems now what I
need to do is take you down to West
Valley station do a quick booking and
release and then yeah and that's okay
the do me a favor stand let's turn
around for I can't spawn your bank you
light it ready to leave my phone so
we'll do is take it down get a quick
booking we'll look at the bail schedule
you've been really cooperative we'll try
to keep the bell schedule a little
minimum
okay well burn all that stuff under we
do have all under this car ever and
anything to worry about
thank you
you want to message the Jake callers you
want to mention okay boy oh my laughs
today polish yes you think you have a
brain be care that one it's my
girlfriend's birthday sees literally
climb yes you know she was in on it
yo for real I thought I was gonna for
real be arrested you're like okay yeah
we get on terrified with looking the
houses are you guys actually Fire
Department we just play thoughts on TV
you know when you said don't believe in
town mr. Jeff Al's like come on what
that was like
all right Jake Paul you win this time
you win this time can I get out of this
mouth yeah
no no did you bring it me no I thought
you have no I'm getting that well
there's a monkey trying to get inside
the vlog for the Jay Polar's look at
this little cute little monkey come on
get on it yeah it's the J koala he's
gonna jump off ready three two
what oh he's on top of you here's on top
of the J polish there's a monkey on my
watch exchanging I self change the I
self buddy like a little monkey on my
blog what are you doing a mother lode
are you gonna get off my block area this
is the coolest thing I've ever done
no I got a little vlog monkey with me in
house you trying to change the focus all
right
mark it off alright guys so we're here
on the street and the pretty populated
place Erica's right here she's gonna
bend over then I'm gonna call out guys
for a staring at her haha you should
check out my wife you were just checking
out my wife you know you were checking
out my wife row baby can you walk away
please
sorry I saw you though you looked right
at her ass she even lift bro do you even
lift
kids unless he doesn't live the jig
callers are legit back yeah hold on yo
did you just check out my wife you just
check out my wife I thought you here
come pendejo I would look me Jake and my
best friend be like bro I'm watching her
all the time over here you should just
come confront me damn home yo your
boyfriend just checked out my wife just
so you know dude did you boys are sucked
up my wife got into you didn't ya oh why
did you check out my wife good well no
why why would you do that bro no no
because that's my wife okay sorry I
won't check out your wife sure she's
beautiful yes my boy hi oh boy the
Spanish yeah I like that why'd you take
the glasses off oh just get it ready for
what anything never no my boy that's my
boy
it's pathetic it's pathetic yo did you
just check out my wife bro no seriously
what do you mean why would you do that
God did you just check out my wife
don't hit me bitch what don't hit me
walk away seriously gonna stare at her
that's how we do it in Ohio one minute
missile in Ohio was one I know I know I
know I know so did you just hit on my
wife just look at my wife's butt I
literally saw you do it yeah hold on
I'll call you back why would you look at
that that's my wife whatever bro
are you hitting on my wife why are you
hitting on my wife bro wait a minute I
are you doing don't back off dude I'm
crazy they call me white lightning I'm
not gonna so uh Jake you pay for parking
no but if you can't get out there let's
do it yeah I liked it you know I have to
hide so Jake Jake
no okay oh no good oh yeah they're
clothes away from it yeah oh that's a
highlight oh let bees see back at the
house guys I know right now we are about
to surprise some Jake Pollard's for
their birthday yeah so basically my
homies Marcus and Alya it's not 13th
birthday today they're twins and then
their friend as well it's all the 13th
birthdays there Jake Pollard's and they
are related to Jenna Ortega who's on
Disney Channel and so I was talking to
Jenna's mom and she was like yo do you
want to surprise them I was like we got
them some merch link in the description
shameless plug and at the end of our
street right now we're about they will
go walk down there and Surprise them
apparently they're all blind good right
now like after this end of the street
blindfolded I'll just sit in their blind
and walk how do you birthday guys Wow
oh happy birthday
we got you a submerged Disney Channel
represent down on them let's go to T
penthouse
let's go rest welcome to the team
penthouse yeah let's go boys I won't
give this man a hammer because that'll
you off your birthday's locals just
thing kind of a sledgehammer also we're
not going to we're not going to tackle
you guys this time I know will
containing heavy yes yeah that was bad
alright you got it it's your birthday oh
yeah savage I Jenna
Disney film represent so what you do for
your birthday we just put some holes in
walls whose list oh you just came out
cuz we put a whole thousand so Tim G oh
it was him he just walked in and he just
took the sledgehammer and did it I heard
it was his birthday so 20 minutes later
guys that is it for today plus I have
some merch winners here for the people
who voted for me and Logan for the Teen
Choice Awards five people are getting
free March right now there's still a
couple days left to vote I'm going to be
giving out more merch and an iPhone
still but these are the preliminary
winners so far
Cassidy J Lee foster Breanna Delaney
Jacob Rob lien and Aspen Brewington so
guys check your DMS I'm going to hit you
up and ask you what Marsha want and the
rest of you keep on voting for the Teen
Choice Awards we're gonna crush this
thing let's have a clean sweep and that
as always check out the hot new merch
baby and I will see you tomorrow because
it's every day bro buns jake Pollard's
what's pop and check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited-time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 shirt see you guys
tomorrow
