he doesn't appreciate the small things
like all the little things I do and on
camera
II and that is how you start your
morning off right baby we're out here in
Los Angeles doing it big if you knew
your arm Jake Paul is in the team ten
house and it is lit every single day bro
make sure you're smiling make sure you
dab it on the hose make sure you are
working hard and without further ado
let's flip into us really trying to keep
that connected to but we're only killing
in the VIP section there's one chick
though she's paying on my mind I've seen
her in years
whoa what is up guys so we just got out
here through camp summer Eagle were at
some like park right now in Compton
California and it's a camp for kids in
kindergarten through fifth grade to
spend their summer do a bunch of fun
activities and grow as individuals so
we're gonna help out I think and
hopefully give back to the community
because it's about getting better every
single day and doing good today so I
challenge you have to do good as well
you guys watch the vlog it's heavy right
squad squad so we're out here
yeah you want to be in it
he's in the video are you guys dig
ballers we just got one up three we got
three it's done my game anyone from Ohio
like I'm talking to nobody
fat on to Hagar haha is that one of them
are tenesmus no that's his uncle Nathan
in the corner yeah weird I like your
house they have I like your house sign
in G are you Rick no no no no same
school odds of making it as a youtuber
are very slim it's really hard out here
where's Erica why you think she thinks
she's hot name ever
yeah are you sorry are you I am like not
everybody mean I like you you're a good
supporter this book I watch your videos
you watch the dark what's the test oh oh
oh
bro are you good bro it's too late I
told you that's okay so he autumn
confused he wants to be into what I feel
bad for him
cool Nathan made it you sign it out
again oh well take it it's yours got a
quad god you're a little close but if
you do some vlog up Giuliano signing
1610 one day and you'll blow up right
they will blow up way was banging yeah
okay Ethan I'm sorry bro they're just
ugly they're out here cooking Ethan I'm
sorry bro
alright kids pay attention you got to do
push-ups got a jog you got to do your
homework uncle made sense is that right
right yeah you like uncle Katie yeah
who's better uncle Nathan or uncle Cade
y'all-y'all just mean it's equal
that's my girl alrighty leaving that
event there was so much fun meeting
everyone hanging out with them doing
some activities and whatnot uncle
nation's famous now it's all good
another baby was next yeah back at the
team ten house guys we ran out of space
and so now we have a triple bunk bed in
our living room put them on Tina's twin
for you guys and max now it's gonna be
even easier to prank you guys every
single morning when I come down here
we're gonna build a wolf beautiful wolf
your room China it's just kind of
controversial when you say that it's
like it could be taken out of context
keep you guys in not freshmen he was
slowly we should do that go to somebody
like pick him up plum in the toilet and
flush it have you done that before hey
hey hey hi-yah other qualities she's mad
at you ha ha
yeah max you got it you kind of broke
you're going down on a penny board so
he's about to eat it well first of all I
don't think this is a good idea second
of all he's good yeah oh my god
hey Erica she's not happy with you
anymore
where are you at traffic bro are you
coming home yeah like alright bro just
get back here I need to do this therapy
session with Erica bro she hates me okay
I definitely I'm not going to go into
her room and put four holes in the wall
right now I won't do that
okay as I Jack okay I'm gonna stay calm
meanwhile I'm gonna send it back just
like that
are you guys really
I'm like a flipping right now sorry for
your lawn off sending it it's illegal to
ride a dirt bike on the street I'm still
going to send it good bike yes I'll yes
I'm just trying to send that oh well
thank you
yo check out this gnarly jump you're
going to send it come on
I've always going to send a you broke it
you didn't think I was going to send it
obviously you want to send it you can
get on the back I pick up chicks we're
sending it
Davo are you married
what day of the week he totally wanted
me but like I married one Timothy Nadine
how are things
man attention razor you said you're here
me home in an hour it four hours later
things haven't got caught up in Turin I
am the best therapist in the world you
all have yet one of them how long have
you been doing therapy 20 hours but like
talk to speculation I'm rising okay
you're like a young blazing Oh
I'm the new I'm a new face of therapy
yes Liang Oh ah there's a marriage David
marriage yeah what's will you choose Oh
cough drops
it's very mint lemon honey get another
wish I could just yeah I save a marriage
yo take did you get to taste there you
are back coupe I'm sorry all right let's
do this
I'm change there
okay nice thank you thank you so much
Peter okay so then you bring me your
help a lot yeah here at Americo yeah
it's appeal all right okay few hundred
yeah okay
is it a lot of couples like the flame
out in a room yeah we're going to get
right into phase 1 decompose decompose
yeah flag waves to decompose and thus
Desa shape yep plants life you know
plants who symbolize life right marriage
is your life happy wife happy life
so we're going to be composed plant
we're going to crush it till is your
plan right now it's just shut the
meantime this is where my love and the
channel comes in I'm going to use this
thing starting about hand you can only
talking to happen if you have this all
right now I have it you guys can talk
we're so Erica decompose just really
DeMint out all the things that make you
mad now while she does just try to keep
your head calm mind yourself all good
things love about her and then you have
that don't like about her and we don't
want her to interrupt that oh yes so go
ahead okay checking with the garlic we
do both well the start lately he's been
making everything about him the gaben if
I'm feeling mad aside like it always
goes back to him somehow someway it's
always it's my curse he's yelling at me
for not even yelling at him for getting
upset when they're ruining our house
both of our uh both of our names are on
the lease I'd like to maybe get another
house in the future and I didn't even
get mad when he destroyed things that
are in my shower
that you can make see into my shower
from like that's why I get mad about and
it was idea take another girl on a date
yesterday and I had
like I was okay with it because there
are cameras and you never knew you were
down to okay he doesn't appreciate the
small things like all of the little
things I do off and on camera
he only like matches me and makes me
look like I'm a negative but I'm a very
positive person and every you sound
positive here that's where I draw a blue
sharpie
before I go into my own computer so let
me hear your son Erica doesn't
appreciate me at all and that comes from
that that comes from taking me for
granted
you've gotta be kidding okay you didn't
do anything some year ago now and and
they small the small things that get
overlooked all the way up to the tasting
hi Dylan
mom Sharpie the main one of the main
thing is my life is vlogging all the
time I watched don't do that don't do
that don't do that okay and and it just
and it just it's upsetting really what
about this is the deal is if you don't
before you across the plate did you got
a little sprouts speeding back up in
your new baby play and that's just going
to do the same thing you know you really
gotta crush this who hired you I'm one
of us in the world watching that's a
place to that there's a playlist ass
with everything sarcastic and the best
I'm alright and that
phase 1 remember where you say oh my god
all right you guys are you I'm Ohio nice
again I'm just going to do my thing boss
moving on you got it
whatever these colors are rendered so
phase 2 plant the seed you got a good
seat there's actually this is yes this
is in barn free business ok big thing on
scene it's in blue sharpie sarcasm crap
one more like that no one likes me and
are Catholic
we're not sarcastic you positive AP
field not going to make you feel dumb
makes you feel unappreciated that you
guys may not put your craft it's your
main tactic to hurt the other person my
cool oh you're really not funny you
really take me seriously sweet dude
another two points little pages people
just got appreciate what you have
I'm focused on the bad stuff yelling
could be taken for nagging budget so
just instead of yelling once you call me
explain and every day we have it what
happened got back on a plane in your
symbol that's where the blog comes in
blog like one length ambitious and what
we basically just gotta stop being a
bunch of pansies so were you going to
place a new seeds how many while you're
there to speak I want my wife to oh wait
eat it for me
like if I go to jail she should be like
yeah you with the chip or or if I advise
you something I messed up she should be
there and have my back through thick and
through thin
I want to literally wear succumbing are
Evans Jovie we need to blows Wow
you got to stop through the bad stuff is
I want a in the newsfeed you're letting
the bad thing you see what I do it's
like what
so I'm 7s person myself I do all of
these big things and help her out and
her right in her life it's not all about
you that's why I say I'll help you out
and you just I don't tell who do you
help me out and I was here and I can
appreciate it whenever I never not
appreciated it
me young man used to play bowls and our
house is nothing why are we in this
house because of me not you no yeah no
there's nothing to tell yeah she's with
therapy you know I could be like oh if I
look entertain me entertaining kids is
the reason why we're in the top ship I
want to put great I will what holding
you oh you want to be dumped it in my
power is I am your brother
you're supposed to be showering in my
shower if you were real what you lesbian
disease I guess me neither I guess I
want to create and speak so everything's
on me to fail always I don't that's why
you told me he'll be a dead guy everyone
achieve an ex-girlfriend didn't turn out
too well
and then either one it's going great I
think with these things that makes one
of us
sarcasm again I know the biggest thing I
think when fighting with someone so you
have something exciting about right you
keep bringing up what she's done she
uses that against you to do whatever she
wants and she bring something you've got
a just a vendor's raw like as you know
it's got to happen right here in this
session you have to be done if you can
both you have to acknowledge what you
don't like about another and what
happens what you want to change and you
have to agree to stop doing them there's
try to stop and to talk to each other
not yell it gets sarcastic and violent I
think it's kind of sweet talk if we talk
about it's like please don't like that
hurts our feelings you're like Stanley
judge if they got you've got funerals
pretty girls you're spilling the healthy
you got to get in touch with those
feelings as well so when we talk about
it you don't like you have to in your
mind want to get better
my
like that yeah yeah gotta work on your
own hopefully when I leave you think
about what I said he doesn't want to
help
trust me you'll feel business he's my
hand washing him I read it honestly
during therapy things are going great
stop doing what she does in my state
just Ozzie when he is with Jesus no more
sarcasm welcome Jake hi Erica are you
doing it yesterday today
no I'm actually fighting them yeah like
five minutes ago you really care about
you it's a little stain here which is
like a to go to the store and get you so
high pack and what each thing really
quite a merger is done what do you want
are you hungry look at what we got yeah
are you just on a date together because
I can leave
going on a date yeah just lovely
actually
I love this job I'm really sorry
appreciate you I love you I won't put a
hole in your wall and you are in the
hole in the wall just not mine
you should shower in my room okay I need
like a breather for ten minutes okay
oh no we wanted a bikini the marriage
counseling advice called 1-800 merge
Lincoln bio right now a few moments
later so that went well yeah yeah it was
cool thank you for help yeah you know
take polish I don't know about this
whole marriage thing but I'm glad
because whatever you do in life you just
strive to do it at its highest peace to
be the best at it and guys I want to
give a quick shout out to Stephanie
Lopez from Pembroke Pines Florida
Stephanie thank you so much for dropping
some
Arjun becoming a true Jake parlor if you
already don't have the mercy link is in
the description Bay Bay and guys today's
post notifications shoutout goes to Tony
bar thank you Tony so much for having my
post certifications turned on guys if
you want to post notification shadow all
you got to do is turn on my post
notifications and comment when you're
done there's still a couple days left to
win I Phone 7 I'm going to be giving out
some free March to you guys all you have
to do is vote for me and Logan for the
Teen Choice Awards I'm going for choice
youtuber and choice music mail web star
Logan is going for choice male web star
and choice comedy star so vote for us
guys link is in the description what am
i vlog it bro again chance thank you so
much for hosting any time Oh Jake polish
we will see you too ma bro because every
day bro please
Jake Pollard's wet top and check out
this new March
oh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 trick see you
guys tomorrow
