all right KFC psi ksi you heard in your
first row I'm giving you two options
okay shake yeah we got vlog oh don't
mind me just getting ready for my fight
yo I don't know if you guys know this
good morning Jake colors you want this
Gucci and welcome to the mostly YouTube
chat channel I can't even talk right now
I'm busy I don't know if you guys have
heard but put your blog below you ready
for today's vlog awesome youtuber him
like psi or something he wants to well
he wants to fight me guys now I'm gonna
save that one for CSI my name is Jake
Paul you guys other Jake callers and
welcome to the t-ten town
hey that is the squad team tang guys
were super lit every single day bro yo I
want to make sure you guys smile today
so put us big smile on your face smile
right now for me but yo you won't even
believe what we did yesterday like this
is one of the craziest we stayed
overnight in a min cheese frozen yogurt
store thing God roll the clip Kim tan is
here
currently at mint cheese and we are
about to do a 24 hour overnight
challenge this is a big moment first
blog but yo if you want to see if you
want to see the whole entire thing go to
Nick Crump this vlog with you let's get
right into this guys come on guys we
have to sneak in around the employees
hide in the bathroom until a store
closes and then the store will be ours
you guys are the clothes currently I'm
so proud of you whose idea was this oh
my god no oh my god somebody's over
everyone okay guys we waited a long time
the employees I guess left we got him
we're in control of the story this is
chaos
hey guys everybody paused you wanna know
why because I have a funny joke
what is this March hey guys we got
another joke
it says tips here all I say is get some
better March hey Andy what flavor is
that it's birthday cake did you say
birthday cake my trying to spoon
no don't go Nick we're gonna go to jail
on your vlog bro
won't everyone oh my god oh my god 901
are we going to sleep yeah turning the
lights off and we're all gonna sleep oh
my god perfect timing neck hey no
everything's fine just keep walking guys
this is absolutely insane you're only
seeing parts of what happened but if you
want to see the whole entire thing go to
Nick's vlog right now guys it's his
first vlog ever go support and we love
the krump e krump England is a city the
Jake ballers need to go subscribe to a
channel right now that's three
out-of-state Dale we gotta leave guys
we did it we did it I'm fat man that was
really dumb don't do that at home kids
this is gonna get kind of deep here I'm
sorry I don't mean to get personal and
like let out my feelings and get
emotional and stuff but yo you just
watch that like clip from yesterday over
the past couple of months I've like
grown as a vlogger the vlogs have
changed and a lot has gone down and I
sometimes y'all I think myself thank you
what if I like vlog like I did in in the
old days like in the summer and I
changed it up a little bit for a day and
I wanted to see if you guys would like
that better so I woke up this morning
with a different vlog attitude and I was
like yo I'm gonna like just vlog like
the good old days and I want to see if
you guys like it better so here's to a
bunch of madness and vlogging like the
old days bro your house is a piece of
a/c broken leaves everywhere and then
you know that it come in hey can you do
that noise again one more time could we
do it together but you guys know what
I'm doing today oh my god old school aw
I'm doing an old school vlog good
morning team 10 hey Chad
yo you got a new tattoo get back to work
you okay oh you're not here huh wonder
where he is just kidneys with this
girlfriend with what oh this reminds me
that the Valentines contest is still
going on guys I'm giving this to a chick
collar bro they're getting the hottest
march in the game if they order this
there's only 24 hours left by the way
but if you guys order this like I said
we're picking one of you guys to come to
your house and hang out with y'all on
Valentine's Day and beat the Jerrica
third wheel you know what I'm saying no
you know who's coming today
Minnie Jake Paul it's about to go down I
love Minnie Jay Paul titus he's a little
cutie
this was your idea and you got it the
worst Nick Crompton still on fire guys
this little camera dad I'm just trying
to be a blogger bro but yo just as a
pirate Apollo's our little pirate dog
isn't that right I steal stuff like hey
yo let's retire from being pirates go
hang out with mini Jake Pulver let's
know what's cooler are you ready to
party are you sure cuz you don't seem
like you're looking good today titus did
you know that but seriously bro I like
your March yeah no problem
I'm gonna use my Jake Paul call when I
make this noise all the Jake Paul
look-alikes come give it a couple
seconds and you'll be here work the
co-worked latest come meat medium Jake
Paul how you doing neighbor Jacob yeah
how are you I respect I'm doing good I'm
just vlogging you know saying this
Saturday I'm having a good day you know
I'm saying I'm dabbing on them here it's
like always per usual
this is so weird it's like hold on let's
get a shot of all of us next to each
other chat but we film this year
is it weird does it look weird on camera
different generations of Jake Paul girl
you know I'm looking like a cha-cha
right now so I'm gonna need to change
guys okay ready three two one Oh
the shower guys I'm feeling good got my
AP I got the outfit on you already know
guys I don't know how I feel about like
this like old vlog Jay Paul style I kind
of like it I kind of don't know whoa hey
yo guys I'm back it's me know this is
where things got crazy today this is
where it all I got went wrong this is
where all the beef the drama the madness
came from it's hilarious but like things
are getting serious what's up bro boys
this dude ksi it's like from the in the
UK they just follow suits talking Matt
I'm super confused I don't know it's on
youtuber and boxing on what do you mean
oh no bro there's just a youtuber beef
some like BS they fought but they fought
a headgear first of all who the fights
in Edgar's got this boat right now if
any youtuber wants it you can come get
it Jay Paul Jay Paul no can pull and
there's a point I don't care
oh yeah that's first and last name drop
right there
whoa him he called quick any Paul
I don't need Paul I was gonna do a lie
detector I was team 10 today but I go to
my Twitter and a lot of people are
tweeting me like yo did you see this KFC
you guys called you out and I was like
yo I don't even know what's going on why
does someone want to like randomly we're
actually working yeah
so they thought they'd call it a plate
yeah yeah exactly
hey if you're watching this broke you're
smart you call out the two biggest names
on YouTube to fight although violence
isn't the answer all I could say is does
he not know like KGB bro like dude do
what you know especially like if we did
it but you just raised so much money to
charity or something I know you're a
little wimp but you gotta take this you
got a gig you gotta actually get hit in
the face not with the pad is he big in
England he's big in England yeah but is
he
but England's your city yeah I might do
this for you Nick bro I don't know if
you'd like looked on like Twitter or
something but there's a there's ksi guy
do you like one a boxing match with
headgear on first of all so it's kind of
funny but I know you saw a buddy call us
I said he'll fight Jake Paul you'll
fight Logan Paul or he'll fight anybody
with the last name of Paul so I wanted
to call you to see what we should do
it's ksi I got it now versus Greg Paul
wait he said he'd fight any Paul right
that's the first thing that came to my
mind my dad was beating 54 year-old
who's had a heart attack beats FIFA
gamer YouTuber psi all right bro well a
happy first day back to YouTube we love
you all right all right bud instead of
fighting Jake Paul why not box mini Jake
Paul would you fight him
we had a bride with candy to say that
but it's still hilarious
I don't know either that's I think he
said he's not relevant if I didn't bend
in enough yo dad this might be the
craziest thing you've done in your life
but long story short a guy named KFC
slash psi slash ksi he called Logan and
I out he box someone else at the end of
it he called out me Logan but then he
also said he would fight he'd box any
person with the last name of Paul you
saw it on Twitter
I called Logan chanson Anthony's thought
the same thing and they were like yo
like he's not relevant enough for me or
Logan to fight him and it just honestly
wouldn't be fair and so I think the fair
lineup you are the same relevancy as
this guy apparently is like apparently
he has 16 like million subscribers or
something could be the same fairness
like you're 55 have had a heart attack
don't you would you be down to fight him
so high oh boys don't play you would
fight him but only if there was an MMA
match all right KFC psi ksi are you
hurting here first row yes I can't see
if you're watching this I'm giving you
two options you can fight my dad in
Cleveland Ohio only MMA style and we can
do it whenever option to fight mini Jake
Paul in a boxing match you're not ready
for the heat bro this is like Ohio
I'm warning you like I don't even need
to warn you but Ohio just does things
differently
but ksi make your video back bro title
it Logan Paul just like the rest of the
non-creative youtubers do and let's get
down to it bro Apollo and Cena there's
this kid on YouTube that wants to fight
me what do you think about that that was
crazy don't forget about our Valentine's
Day drop guys I'm picking one winner you
only have like 12 hours left to get an
item from the red drop exclusive line
for Valentine's Day and I'm picking one
winner to come to your house and spend
Valentine's Day with you guys actually
so go to the link in the description
right now before everything sells out
there in that everyday bro movement it's
the softest merch guys it's the fuzziest
merch it's the most read merch and yo
ksi it's a time for you to make a
decision on what its gonna be
Jake Paul is up we'll see you tomorrow
because that's every day bro please join
the everyday bro movement people and
count yourself some of the hottest
sports in the game go right now because
the shake collar sell everything out and
subscribe button join the most lit
youtube channel on YouTube I'll see you
all tomorrow
