I'm doing my best and the leader of this
group II that we called team ten and
it's a lot of pressure sometimes you
know what I mean okay the camera what's
going on guys Jake ballers
good morning how are you doing party
people
yes today I woke up to the most savage
thing imaginable basically this happened
I'm gonna put a picture of it up on the
screen to boot my boy I don't know how
to pronounce is a Baburao suffer de he
got a tattoo of it every day bro on his
arm why why what my boy that is ro this
man got a tattoo of it every day bro and
it's listen it's in the merch font I
can't believe it and like kind of what
it symbolizes guys because it symbolizes
like the movement of the Jake polish the
movement of the daily block the movement
I could think of anything else I'm sorry
look guys like it's everyday we're
always about becoming better every day
dabbing on the haters every single day
smiling every single day and working
hard every single day towards your
dreams towards your goals to becoming an
overall better person it's everyday bro
and so for him to get that tattoo it's
just like I feel like we're doing
something guys we're making a movement
and if you're new here you gotta join
the movement you got to become a Jake
Paul if you got to become an everyday
bro
thing is though but enough with the neck
the neck and the paddywhack oh if you're
new here
i'm jake paul this is the team penthouse
and it is what every single day unless
you flip in do I get get off me
come on me and that's smart water yeah
thank any fire finally Oh fill out that
fill out with that I can't believe you
would do that Anthony you sure yeah
don't worry babe I got him okay I think
she's I didn't shoot her I think you
like really took a tooth out or
something dad I don't know it's in bad
but at the same time I just didn't want
to get wet marriage marriage are you
okay yeah I thought it was bleeding
pretty soft lately get out of here out
of here dude it really hurt it hurts
really bad yeah we beat him up out there
how did you yeah did you actually ever
use pretending no we were ah good
morning good morning
no it's like well I'm not mad at you why
would you be mad at me no I'm not
yeah hi my name is Megan this is yoga
does wonderful yog where your Sun
Salutation oh my god I forgot to put on
my sunglasses
oh god you look so if your belly isn't
showing then what is like why this is la
you know who we are
hold on hold on hon back up change oh my
god oh do I love as your Sadie's outside
where's your sing let's go to our oh my
god
oh my god
this is yoga Peggy this bitch
alright guys so we're just chillin first
like we realized that I want to reenact
one of my first vines ever what's two
plus two
Oh what's two plus two I don't know
bitch that's exactly I went down there
just I rocket of views yeah I'm speaking
of views Justin have you been doing your
vlog up yeah every every night well no
you haven't it's also media star how old
are you Ashley okay uh everyone chill
everyone's okay okay okay oh practice it
without the camera on the camera when
you earn it you get the camera this is
how we get people to follow your own
commercial break and we're back from
that terrible commercial break I'm sorry
you guys had to go through that and now
my boy chad is about to kill himself
what the heck man this one's a little
bit nerve-wracking I'm not going to lie
here we go oh my gosh a million
Kalimantan scrimmage as ever
okay guys we're on set right now in this
episode there's like this huge roller
coaster scene that we're doing check it
out we have like giant green screens to
make it look like were on a roller
coaster which you'll see eventually but
like look at this I'm going in there and
like we're acting like we're riding in a
roller coaster and it's going to look
like completely real facility during an
alley whatever things fake baby yeah
it's my turn to go in okay so now we're
in the roller coaster I'm teaching her
how to overcome her fears and episode
hey
there were all sorts actually like tilt
down to I don't know if they're going to
do it but I like leans forward it's
gonna be a lot of editing to have these
things to my face like my hair to make
it look like I'm on a roller coaster
it's lit I drop my candy guys please
tell back who's back to tell me back I
lost my ginger - I need to tilt back
tilt them back more more a little bit
more I love it more don't be shy yeah
whoa nay Oh Oh God
I'll show you just missing off everyone
today anyway Nick you do find a new
house maybe yes Wow it's that's the
other place that we were looking at all
through so we're trying to find a new
house that we can all store all of these
uh these uh visa we needed more space
for our freshmen I've been on vacation
for three weeks so I've never seen
Jenica happen for real and it makes me
so no no no oh that's my mom bro you
should call your mom but now I'll kill
you I see okay I'm actually super
comfortable like that my god oh my god
you know generally the most
uncomfortable look what the cat dragged
in oh wow yeah Marci like that Martin
love this burn link in the description
copy now oh that's my boy oh look one of
the original you watch the hockey oh my
what a cute prize
Joey
I keep on calling it hot one another one
seven
what is everyone called a not hot though
no one can win yes there's a dolt
anything how you good bro I'm thinking
who's hot body part yeah yeah your mom
yeah yeah who is not hot Erica oh
yes yeah ha ha yeah I'm everything you
can tell you what the devil here for any
of the kids new challenger I haven't you
guys any work and the both of you is
just too much but you have to say honey
oh yeah so you're mad at me so uh yeah I
know you said something really rude
off-camera now saying oh everything is
off camera right I forgot I love
everything right there's never a second
one I'm not vlogging every day yeah
that's something how you got an idea
Chad well I have the best idea
what did I want oh I like right when you
get married it's like dope anything
better your life huh to worse I'm just
gonna lay them on you right now but
Aaron no favorite wife swap wife swap
come down what those are Cleef now it
was like too fast
yeah even better if you're like no I
want to try again at the chugging no
wife swap
I don't know dude I think the come on
about it's a good idea we can refresh
everything and then maybe you can
appreciate your wife yes for a little
bit yeah just for a little bit ah yeah
does a lot better but I don't
so yeah which was into her oh no no no
no he's so handsome so hey hey honey
chance tonight I mean ray came up with
this idea yeah I thought it was it yeah
you know ray came up with this idea he
was like yo you guys are all fighting
with your wives right now he's your wife
swap are you mister eyes yeah I'm got
same thing with you though like why are
you down so fast you got to be like I
don't know I love my husband yeah yeah
whatever right that's why that's why
Venus is needed like you know you're not
going to look like one
I just have the same exact thing on my
blog so is y'all blogging you wrong
funny right who is that guy let's do a
way stop that's all I said it won't wash
up cut that okay it's officially the
wife swap hey no no you give it you give
her a one last kiss goodbye
you know I gently gently I think this is
why it's needed here's what you're in
for chance uh here's my wife oh where is
she
I don't know Kara gosh you're glad you
got me a winner yeah
now she's great China ironic that we're
both wearing jorts medley short what
where George don't worry about it now we
have to do some sort of ceremony i Jake
Paul state you Tesla Brooks is my
temporary temporary wife for the next
three hours okay i tented you Jake for
my temporary husband for the next three
hours okay yeah let's blow this pop yeah
let's do this
uh here's rules America is my place to
live XP are okay I err could take you
chances my temporary husband to a next
they are too um no kissing hugging or
flirting the winking no nothing's good
it was like the first to you that no
kissing no touching yeah Google they
then are you ready to be in the corner
oh yeah I got you you're gonna owe me so
much yep of course remember come on duck
one day for like cake is real you didn't
open the door for your wife how do you
feel about that Erykah John's got a team
when we can open doors - yo what's up
swaddle you want to be in the love
interest you're gonna do you're gonna go
over to test over there you're gonna
tell her that I'm better than chance go
yeah now we're do you and chance
normally do uh and for like no it's not
weird would you like uh how many y'all
you're trying to do things
would you support me doing things yeah
it's pretty something oh my god I'll
have enough fifty it's about the
Epiphany date what what sorry we were
like bonding we were bonding a lot okay
so we're just starting to date I'm
getting tests and I a pizza it's kind of
awkward hey there you go from that bro
oh the for everyone on I think you're
supposed to take care of your date oh
you're ordering for everyone that's my
group date I know there's a gap here
sorry about that
not opening doors and not getting food
for you good so this is your favorite
piece oh yeah is your favorite kind of
pizza yeah Wow I didn't I didn't know
that thank you for has been any more oh
yeah we're not a very rapid right now
kind of hot I don't want you to burn
yourself tonight
yeah oh my gosh no way you have my
murder yes my merch wow that's crazy
it's like she doesn't she does it where
my March yeah it's weird it's really
weird
we're not your date go okay oh no I was
wondering yeah yeah gruesome all right
yeah so um we're just going to take a
few a couple and just like they coming
hey they take anything on the
relationship and they don't give you
yeah this is a really big wat I open it
I guess is why it's like wow your friend
but you know what I you know what I
don't think uh stuff we should do we
shouldn't bring them down
real we just need to lift each other up
yeah
oh ha ha ha oh okay you guys are oh I
was just thinking back to the first time
we met and I was like I knew there was
just like something special about you I
remember dance camp yeah we did it yeah
I just saw your dancing I was just like
blown away exactly this was even his
idea it kind of makes me just like
appreciate you even more just right off
the bat and we have the same eye color
so I change it hug the kids would be
amazing Hey hey guys how'd you beat that
it's really hot yeah I noticed that too
you know we should do after this is like
I said we'd like I was so excited when
he said to break stuff
thank you I still make you just mash
wall so we're going to smash some walls
out today yeah probably you're all have
fun probably going to work out and like
sleep in in like you know oh oh oh oh
big pillow I mean the world markets
right there with you and it's possibly
there's never a moment we don't have a
smile anything wow really trippy I'm
small healthy sounds like it's just
service stuff that's kind of like not
working yeah it's just kind of like
makes me appreciate you only met them we
should get lunch of all of these shows
like I knew the first time I met you I
was going to be you know run friends and
now wanted don't on a date it's like and
it's kind of cool I like I'm a finally
you know oh I've been waiting for this
like that your man should have more
subscribers than you to lift you up you
know what I you know I like how you jam
for the fact that you don't make your
whole entire life about like vlogging
like vlogging is greatness should be
every day but you make time there's
other people in your life you doesn't
make time for me you know like you and
you take us on you villain villain - I'm
sorry I just heard you guys talking I
just want to remind everyone that I
bought her a Tesla I've only seen you
drive it though that's because you don't
see everything on the blog's
chance yeah I live at the he'll be the
first one to tell you that she's drove
and driven it time is more important
than get your dope before you started
vlogging and not just like it's like you
didn't change at all right it's like
perfect I've been a champion from the
start hi T hey guys when you say you
watch these vlogs every day when I watch
these videos oh well no you said you're
a champion you said you
watches vlogs every day but it hasn't
posted in two weeks so I feel like
something's I'm pinching hang out with
people or vlog it and hang out with them
so you can watch the memories for the
rest of your life sometimes it's better
to live in the moment like we went on
our first roller coaster ride didn't
film it because like that one's just for
yourself sometimes I do things I'm just
in the moment not for everyone I like
that yeah good moment yeah yeah you guys
bring out a random just not a big
release check okay not I probably
respect that yeah but you know what
sounds better right Jessa and Irish
would be close yeah terrico real America
okay I'm sorry by the way I know I know
I know it's great I'm sorry Erika yeah
for how many times where you feel like
I'm not being a good husband you know
I'm just learning if there's ever
something you don't like I think you
should voice that you really just don't
let me bash walls down and you say I
mean things so that's that's one way to
look at it or I'm just like protecting
like the house that I worked really hard
to find and move into you know so
there's two sides to every story
hey tea looks great tonight Thank You
Erica just notice how they haven't been
arguing you don't I mean you know I feel
like for me honestly it's about I think
you just need to support me more you
know I'm a busy guy
I'm doing my best I'm the leader of this
group see that we call it team ten and
it's a lot of pressure sometimes you
know what I mean I think sometimes you
have to make it not all about you
anything about how I feel so and I will
respect that decision you want to sit
here I feel like you should I don't feel
appreciate it okay come free sanity
there I stole my website it's
unacceptable
initially trying my hardest really can I
make a scene should I make a scene
seriously she doesn't even care she's
just chilling my heart is broken let me
just help you start your YouTube channel
let me just give you endless amounts of
kisses to show you how much I love you
let me just put our family and a touch
left for nothing every bit of
heartbroken but whose vlog camera were
you using for your first blogs yeah I do
appreciate you and just cuz we're
fighting right now doesn't mean I never
appreciate you there's a lot of good
things you don't take into account I was
here with you before all the vlogging
started and the entire time the vlogging
has been going on and through everything
else you know what I didn't want to be
we just need to communicate for I feel
like they're always together and doing
things because they have a lot of time
to do it I think we're so busy feeling
like I was induced to be honest she's
ever close he's not on set I'm upset
like that hours a day no and sometimes I
come to set with you I don't remember
that
okay just don't have as much time driven
heartbroken what are you crying amazing
that's not okay what did you do and do
anything I'm just trying to make up with
her bro will you be my wife again mm-hmm
can we just learn to communicate better
and not get stressed about the little
things we get caught in the little
things we're never gonna have a great
marriage like if we were dating for like
two years we've have probably gone
through this stuff we are married in one
day for a vlog and now we have to strive
to make it the best race ever could you
be our therapist I think
oh my god I got the solution to all of
our problems chance is going to be on
sandfish you know who could be an even
better therapist along with chance
someone who's done this for a really
long time who's like actually married
yeah marry like an actually married for
more than like three weeks yeah we're
like Rd Kyler in medicine whatever will
work marriage you think this is a game
it's not a game Erica I'm so confused
and broken and you're laughing at me I
because when I talk when I laugh that's
what I do
she's it appreciate me at all bro this
camera doesn't change anything it's just
here just a document erica overlooks
those little things like hi open the
door for densha how I got her I'm Pete
like those little things you guys got to
work together yeah he yeah we're both
very competitive yeah okay
speaking of competitiveness Jake
Pollard's low gang Polar's we better win
this Teen Choice Awards guys don't
forget to vote for me for choice
youtuber and choice music male web star
and don't forget to vote for Logan for
choice male web star and for choice
comedy web star as the link is in the
description and there's going to be a
giveaway you're gonna get free merch and
the chance to win an iPhone if you're
going down and voting if you can vote 10
times a day I have to do is go down
there go and check out the March chick
Paul X sweatshirts hotter than ever baby
and as always I will see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bro who's Jake
Pollard's what's up and check out this
new March whoo that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
