I'm gonna rock your upper body l5 oh my
god oh my god
oh yeah oh my god
chill bro good morning community why
does everyone say both my first and last
name
I hear that are you playing - Jericho
song my way - please Derek assumptions
it's all right I don't is broken
it won't come down oh yeah I think I
broke it
so little don't go go yeah one last
white finish ever what am i doing alone
in the teams and house fighting an
inanimate objects good morning everybody
if you're new here huh Zig Paul and it
is it every single day bro make sure
you're working hard
make sure you're dabbing on them haters
Dam dam dam dam dam and make sure that
you guys are smiling today is about to
be extra late unless do that thing
spinning
under arrest triple digit X yeah my
foolish guy put you back you still have
my back okay we're on set of bizarre box
what are you guys doing nothing which I
couldn't leave your camera in your room
so why'd you why'd you why you guys
acting weird defend our nothing is going
over well before we start doing anything
yeah could you not afford the wireless
ones oh these are my anyways I was going
on guys hey why is everyone following
this I think they're gonna turn me
nothing's up okay oh yeah nothing's up
oh yeah happy day your couch oh yeah
what is going on your chairs maestro
what are you doing hey I give myself
back it's not just a bag hi what is this
Jake song yo you guys turn my broom to a
girl's room
oh Justin Bieber Justin Beiber's
would you say what it is she's kind of
cute I can't say our spell Bazaar Vark I
can't pronounce the word bullet you sure
I kind of like it better like this I
know I like it low-key Liz I think this
should be your room though you like my
low gang signs we know you love him love
you we're gonna cut their commercial
break ah all right so we are on set
funny prank funny prank bro haha anyways
yo check out this green screen watch I'm
gonna go to Africa or something dope
ready cool hmm no just kidding write it
go now you're flying yeah welco Google
so I'm here all the time guys and I
wanted to show you kind of like sup one
scene that we're working on for this
week's episode which is coming out on
Friday at 9 o'clock on Disney Channel so
here's a little sneak preview of it roll
the clip
I emailed the entire school and
guaranteed you'd win ah geez also I told
brick you insulted his mom
oh geez sorry mrs. brick yeah teaching
this little guy how to wrestle and he
gets beat up or usual it's real life
it's on the vlogs and it's on Bazar
Dwarka I don't even real yeah no it is
let's go back to the team 1000 okay guys
back at the scene ten house and has
already given scheme 10 picture objects
I have such good news
type em the good news Chet yeah you want
to hear this new just one so I got
nominated for two Teen Choice Awards no
no take one of you okay no but guys guys
no that's not the thing I sell to win it
guys we need torn up don't you make
Polly doesn't even like you know now I'm
going up against Logan Paul no no no
we're trying to figure out like what we
want to do so I think I'm gonna meet up
with him later but like we might have to
declare war on my brother and go fool
out and beat him in this voting process
are you guys testing what I'm sensing
adjusting tournament that was completely
irrelevant has nothing to do with it and
that we're talking about bring all team
ten together on one and make sure Jake
wins okay but here's the thing here's
the thing we're gonna figure it out I
got nominated for a choice web star
music devoman haters that's why I say
that everyone to dabble in haters baby I
got nominated for music like I don't
even do music but when we win that award
and that's the other thing too is that
Jerrica is number 13 on iTunes what can
we get the number one link in the
description oh my god and I'll see you
guys later
I got a do something a few moments later
so we are about prank they simply is out
of team 10 I got one of you they don't
know it's common they don't know it's
comin bro he's got the whole dead makeup
on and we're gonna pull a dead body
prank we're cutting up his shirt and
it's some Jake Palmer
so we're going to make it look like he's
like a dead fan somehow snuck inside the
house and like jump scare everyone all
the nation is going to be involved
uncle's are so helpful so just blood a
little poor blood all over him and
hopefully when people walk in they're
going to be like you
oh oh oh my girls calling 911
I hate you so much
very funny with that I don't know how
you did that but like your eyes will go
ahead no life and then I'm not even
kidding I look at your eyes and I was
like what the heck is going on J follows
worse a mystery basket that would have
left a cropped in England isn't his City
Oh yours trigger huh hmm all the dogs
eat them of what okay actually yeah
that's even creepier you want to get oh
my god I'll go get right
Oh
hey what holy what do we do
yeah
we do well then my eye the ward
you just didn't even do anything it's a
prank yeah why you sure by you
understand what you don't understand
what just happened what happened so much
so we're going from my head okay Erica
Sayaka I love you look how clean her
room is so clean compared to like
everything else yeah
who's just gonna destroy it because
that's more fun I think in the shower
okay I get unless you guys can count
them convinced Erica I'm hiding it here
what desert camp right here oh my god oh
so real I just see me a pretty good huh
yeah who did your makeup sorry she's
like out of breath you actually would
have actually I'm terrified
Wow
I was amazing so anything you believe it
right I would learn around the side
we're putting him in the pool next the
classic dead body in a pool prank oh my
gosh still look so oh my god I saw you
go in and get everyone else in the
office you're just restating at your
desk baby and just be like y'all do that
no no why is he wearing merch why doing
her her up throughout the body
yeah guys he's actually dad wait all of
LA please coming right now dead body
laid out in our pool he just threw you
and I didn't know he was going to do
that my dad I legit thought like you
were a fan like all the blood make looks
pretty robot right ecstasy in the pool
oh wait your phone was in your pocket
yeah I pushed you to the point even
resistant I was just like no I wasn't
really thinking about it I got it
well we might as well just I'll buy you
a new one if not with Jake that's nice
what you ready what we're about to work
out yeah we always were now with an NFL
player I'm lucky scare similar no
they're not cute
if you use the Washington Redskin safety
yo yo what's good what's up Jake oh man
oh all right she'll tell ya thank you
thank you
oh you got tattoos everywhere you're ten
just to bail bro yeah yeah cool we'll
just call it we'll call it even
stay on your side of the gym yeah yeah
our side which side is ours again over
there
yeah we'll be over yeah we were gonna
work out over here anyways I mean we can
work out together I mean I'm down I'm
down that out wasn't worth a tear
because if or you're working over here
and he just left on a small time before
working out together then we're not
really valid oh okay okay
don't whip Brennan I can tell the
puppies alternate outfit I've got a
better place on that Regicides we can
opt for the rest I window tenant their
draw and a human the bro I got Ohio
music dude you got represent a bounce
pass you Jassim the race hey I beat him
wrong don't wanna die okay yeah you want
your eyes what you wanna race
what do it no they said say we suggest
with my chest okay how do I say with my
chest my mother's here okay not what you
want to do man do you want to race mmm
yeah we go right okay three two one oh
man oh oh my god oh my god yo I don't
know one young camera I'm granting no I
don't know who is yeah and I don't know
why oh yeah no girl you good yeah my
loss that's pretty good huh really yeah
I do like 20 of those every morning I
wake up okay cool Oh another one another
one yeah let's go yeah yeah still the
first quarter thing well yeah no yeah
yeah I just don't know one sec don't
know a lot more seconds than one daddy
good dog dude I'm just gonna act like
I'm still hurt that I don't have the
racing it hi I don't think I can race
again all right we'll call it a tie
that's a time okay it was good hanging
out
bye hmm just got back from the gym and
Logan texted me and riyals like yo bro
I'm going to come over but I think he's
up to something and so we have the
security cameras pulled up to make sure
that when he walks up that he's not like
pranking me or something I think he
wants to like declare war because we
both got nominated for the same Teen
Choice Romanick but yesterday came in he
was neutral yeah but I don't know but he
might you know
well we're crazy we're good you get
I got my merch gun ready to fire these
are the school where you got that okay
get ready
I mean I can't stop them in today down
Oh yo yo
just shoot it just shoot it just kill my
brother
oh I'm good oh good only be one choice
youtubers from Teen Choice Award Oh both
in the same cat or you want to go down
you want to go up the escalator to the
floor no bro you're thinking about it
all wrong we're talking about your
nominated for three Teen Choice Awards
it's true I'm nominated for two go okay
go girl
well I knew this is what you're gonna do
you're gonna be like we're competing
against each other die
no we need a clean sweep win all of them
what's stronger than the low gang the
low game pollers yes
what's wrong another J follows the low
gang Paula oh well under with your
defect bro I know what I'm gonna say
right you win - and then I win - the
Jake callers vote for you yeah your
choice male web star and choice male
comedy website
yep yep yep and the low gang votes for
Jake for choice music star and Joyce
youtuber you can have this that's why we
get a clean sweep previously so Jake
Potter sounds of discovery the Jake
callers vote for me and the low gang
votes for me for choice youtuber they
don't vote for you they over me and then
the choice music web star they vote for
me same with your audience
they look over you and the choice male
web star you guys vote for Logan and
choice male comedy web star you vote for
logo yo the Paul bros take home before
us let's just clean up Teen Choice I'm
not even happy
I'm 22 he's not a team I'm not even 15
and we're about to get four of them
awards plaques will actual you can vote
ten times a day every day for the next
seven days in each category let me
clarify low gang and Jake colors you're
voting for me for choice youtuber and
choice music web star you're voting for
Logan for choice male web star fall
through and choice
male your midi comedy what's in it for
you guys guys let me just spawn an
iPhone
you guys get a chance to win this iPhone
seven hundred and thirty two gigabytes
yes all you have to do is prove to me
that you voted any which way if it's a
really twitter doesn't matter we'll find
it email me you don't do that don't do
it but that's not all guys you want an
iPhone cool that's great well I'm also
going to be giving out some of my Jerry
polymers to people at random who vote
I'm going to be giving away a ton of
pieces guys - all you have to do is vote
the links are in the description go
there or teen choice calm yeah either
way guys listen the point is it's sway
go fit spray go you're going to be
getting merch you're going to be getting
an iPhone seven days guys we have to go
now let's show them how now what do we
do a few moments later alrighty guys
that is it for today's vlog if you're
not already repping the Jake Paul family
copy yourself some merch link is in the
description and don't forget about the
team Choice Awards guys it'll mean the
world to me if we could bring home these
awards together as a family and you're
gonna have the chance to get some free
merch and an iPhone so all you have to
do is go to the link in the description
and vote as many times as you can for
each category or keep on dabbing on them
haters keep on smiling keep on working
hard seriously guys and Jake Pollard's I
will see you guys tomorrow because it's
everyday rope Jake Pollard's what stop
and check out this new March ooh that
March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Church see you
guys tomorrow
