I'm so sorry I didn't do that through
the head of space crap is it bad right
here I don't don't know about this thing
babe hey good morning everybody good
morning come on hahaha good afternoon
kind of truss of Jericho merch or
something gasps okay wow you look
beautiful today though every day you
look beautiful but like I just needed to
remind you of your neck beautiful the
guys don't really look beautiful be sure
for sure like sometimes a complimentary
cheese comes yeah thank you
there's never you just never come in
with like a oh yes I like you mean yeah
just like oh you're beautiful to look
into them they're dumb yeah what's your
voice has soared above everybody right
to hold in my all you guys are down
mouth side I love you guys and guys this
morning started off on set acting cuz
hominin roll the clip ye what is pop and
party people we're on set for usual the
grind is real or actors Ralph is
aardvark Disney Channel always plug
Fridays at 8:30 Disney Channel watching
Fridays at 9 o'clock on Disney Channel
haha Eason bro can you put your phone
right here just put it right there
please I'm gonna call it why this is for
the right there I'm calling you
cuz don't answer just don't answer don't
answer God he knows what's coming I
can't really get to the phone right now
so if you leave a voicemail check it out
and I'll call you back as soon as I can
everybody was young at one point
everybody had a high voice that's his
excuse today reverse time I called him
the other day and it goes to voicemail
who's this girl after his phone I was
like 9 or 8 also guys I just want to
bring up the Jake Pollard's came up with
your guys a ship named your ship name is
decent he likes a public announcement
okay it's never going to happen ever
I second that never they said I wouldn't
make it but I came up with a shit name
for you and Eric enough what is it she
married you for money yeah so fit my
wife don't we say that about my wife
ah she likes her too her engagement and
her followers don't you say that
she likes her engage mated that back I
will not let me scare your mom again oh
my god three please do it anyway never
good
what am i god she's getting older oh the
only thing now the Jake callers want to
see on a day-to-day basis Jake if I
didn't love you I wouldn't do this
anybody live shapes a crime against
humanity Oh
every time I've seen myself on there I
look awful so you don't know you look
great well back up a second you watch
the bugs early key it went out and she
does Oh solo gang right hello gang for
life ah no one saved no one saved I know
I just dropped my mixtape er why so many
fire extinguishers
Oh blog is life I said it was easy to
make a song in one day
no it's not a few moments later alright
team ten if you guys want to become big
on YouTube got to know your numbers at
all times ask me how many subscribers I
have let's see here eight million two
hundred four thousand nine hundred
seventy-two and growing got it
alright everyone do your blog ups one
two three four five six here at Deep ten
we beat the best loggers on the earth
goddamn it I want to see more fog come
on let's get up ten times how many
subscribers do you have probably
discover that's a rook how would he do
covers do ya oh gosh down kostol oh wow
still cocktail it doesn't matter because
you're gonna change this up all how many
subscribers do you oh just your Robert
how would he discovered do you have
alright there's nobody in the class
wanna volunteer and teach me how to say
good morning to your audience yes
how do you say it good morning happens
absolutely God god dammit here's how you
do it good
my peppers father how are you doing what
do you guys do everyone I hope you
relegate your club cuz it does class
next week better a lot like authors what
Wendy minutes late now okay guys so
yesterday Erica and I lost them married
a couple challenge and Erica was like no
you can't lose and so she created a
whole nother game we'll see how he goes
what you know like I'm always carrying
the team and way back but I believe in
her she's a whoa alright guys we are
back to be honest guys don't even don't
ever do round truth in not married his
intro but I I went to website I started
crying super upset because I felt like
you guys deserve a second chance a
second chance to loser
so we are up right now three to one in
this game and there's one more around
left we gotta win this cool
we got so this is the final question and
the question is first for Jerrica what
is Erica parents make Erica what is
Jake's pair do it so easy for Erica you
guys just see cartoon have this I got a
fine result
Jerri Billy wait dr. Jake okay what
we're testing Jake's parents names our
pan and know this bias you're on YouTube
tell them what you put major and day
right yeah Wow honestly yeah we won ha
what you as a mother you want to jump in
the confessional now ah ah just kidding
love you guys
yeah look look who's calling Logan oh he
nothing what's up with you shut that
baby yeah I have something I think you
would like I should hope trust me
neither you're like this does your
brother have yes I'm fine here come here
I'm ready to reset a defenses you know
for eggs on the balcony roof row ready
to go now let's go let's go
I get you back it back it back off Oh
what's going on huh what is this
you can stay back do I need to attack
not a break
Chad be careful be careful how do I know
it's not a prank because I'm just for
you good throw like yes take the service
go to film Katti hey bro
alright keep that back up back up I'll
handle this babe I got this a comeback
at Jake parlor comeback oh that was sexy
are you done yes I can you move the
camera so my vlogging to you alright
guys you know the signal if I need you
what are we doing also what is this
apparently you just take me for a ride
on hey I got apparently he's just taking
me for a ride and is uh are they singing
about by given their chances for good
measures no bro like I was the only
beefing I mean we were 100% but like I
just want to do a nice gesture and bring
you cars there's nothing there's no
tricks up my sleeve but I got nothing
big before we go any further guys I'm
going to bond with my brother Logan some
more we have a lot to talk about but
last night guys we had a very special
surprise for a very special someone yeah
we did it's amazing another member yeah
another number of team ten whoo-hoo roll
the clip
sorry I forgot to turn the mic on I was
just hype he was crying that's what we
told Chad that he can't hang out with us
anymore now resultant he was joining
Caesar and then and then he crashed
she's gonna be ok bro we love we go see
the best part about it guys was like the
whole time he was like I don't have to
come over but Jacob can we still hang
out like nah he's on our blog on the
Instagram out doing that's what hangouts
that I like so much bro oh my god
special as always when someone joins
check out to his channel how many
subscribers tend to take well let's get
this man team 10 bro it's a movement
it's a movement
it's a family so yeah guys will check
out Chad's channel he makes fire content
which Qing China has been the best days
of my life near these unbelievable when
we went up to Big Bear to go
snowboarding unbelievable it's just like
all these amazing holidays and events
that I could spell my family it's a I
can't even look like on the crack I want
to cry like Manship oh come on and keep
10 now like dude this is for real right
now like 15 10
oh all right well I got your home manage
that raro where we did this would mean
we can do a song together I mean yeah
enough with the lovey-dovey bull back to
you future Jacob you're actually just
taking me for a ride you're my boy we
all know it the internet knows it if
anyone knows anything about me the way
to get to my heart is by cars vehicles
will I've been in his life for a long
time you know nobody's gonna buy the
best fried tomboy curve that's how we
doing our bet
oh boy
okay okay you're going to tip your gonna
we're definitely oh they told me this
thing tips easy bro not good for me
bro thank you for the ride understand
really fast you're my brother I can't
wait till we get our Lambo
sometimes you forget about it right do
it sometimes and I'm just like damn I am
a boss oh are you gonna leave me hanging
we're brothers dude okay one thing
before Logan leaves is I'm making them
clean our garage all right Logan one
thing for you leave Oh
start scrubbing bro I do feel very bad
for this yeah let me know when you're
done to it yeah what he's gone through
yeah honest homework okay i Krista
Warren he dropped out of college really
get away
roll I got online class all right so I'm
aging it YouTube well he did was a major
now it should be soon one professor G I
don't know guys plenty minutes lay down
my gosh Chad Congrats on being on Team
ten bro bro and the house meant to be
stay right there
like I just happen to say that and look
behind you just like weird ro I love you
I love you too well right now we're
going to shoot people with March
but here oh I don't know I think that
omekata ain't about I'm Ben I'm so sorry
I didn't do that
do the headspace crap is it bad
we're singing about guys did a marketing
a mile from you really fast guy that's
my boy oh my god let's get Erica erica
link in description hot new stuff
available now
oh and I broke you Mira I'm sorry uh
understand Jake polish thank you so much
for watching if you're not a jig baller
to come with Jake Paulo get your March
that's the jig Paulo family I can't I
don't know but um no okay
hmm we didn't I will see you guys
tomorrow because it's everyday bro juice
oh you saw that flip Jake Pollard's wet
stop and check out this new March whoo
that much is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
