haha oh wait chill bro
ayo what's going on everybody and good
morning to you guys Lulu and Jake colors
out you guys are having a great day I
hope you're working hard I hope you
dabbing on the haters and if you're new
here object-ball this is the team 10
house and it is this every single day
bro let's flip and do that back good
morning boss okay
hello what's going on people we're on
set right now Buzard mark Disney Channel
acting because we're actors Brown and
I'm here with the two these two fine
Disney stars here bro I just have to ask
you got the Superman shirt on yeah I
know DC DC all day do you wear that
because - maybe like injustice - because
no no I was just wondering if you wear
that because you're not a man and you're
not super oh oh I thought this is
deodorant right there I thought earlier
it's like like like you transmit you're
not really good on the outside
oh you guys oh shit I shouldn't comment
if you ship no not a man or super no
okay a lot nice doing something hey
Ethan its Jake so I made this terrible
song with Erica look you know my wife
then they're merely for followers and I
don't have a budget for my music video
which is also gonna be there well we
have one guy shooting it with like a you
know my vlog camera it's gonna be sick
anyways so I was wondering because I
know that that like you're a cool kid
right so can I like come to your house
like your house don't you got the
compound so I was wondering if I could
come to your house and like in your pool
shoot most like 70% of my music video
and then on the trail down to your house
at the beach down at the beach the other
30% yeah yeah I bet you have problem
since you want to die Ethan we're not
going to compensate you pay you put you
in the description or anything we're
just going to use your house and then
dip you know you know how many followers
he had only started ah was it less than
me I did not have less than you ever you
have yet fight fight kiss kiss okay well
hey bro I still love you bro I was just
joking about your shirt but yeah that no
you're funny good yeah but I'll still
beat your little ass let me see alright
let me see it stop is that a noodle
hahaha
anyways how's your mom yeah wait wait
hold up you gotta go before you let me
hear like that what is the biggest
mistake of your life
Wow thanks for letting me shoot the
music video at your house yeah anytime
oh yeah anytime you afford any time BAE
give me my camera back all right okay
give me back no dude you're slow dude
sure back at the team ten house guys I
hope you're having a good day guys this
is what running out of YouTube ideas
looks like no woah-oh what are you guys
doing it swam from Cuba oh wait no
you're what are you guys doing what is
this video I don't know find out what
tell me what's the name of the video I
tried too long I try to tightrope in
size over the phone okay cool thank you
guys I was just asking no reason and
that right there kids is what running
out of YouTube ideas looks justin's like
yo I'm still in the corner of the frame
I'm still gonna get that time I don't
need to go in I'm just going to sit on
the side of the pool and hang out hey ah
you don't scare me can't help you are
you mad at me yeah why you mad at me no
I wasn't mean yeah you were I was camera
it was off camera no I've long
everything oh then you should know why
Matt I was just trying to flirt with you
man so please don't be mad mm-hmm okay
I'll kiss the Jake polish Oh hmm hey
Ellie man okay yeah all right here they
go this is their YouTube video they made
a bridge of duct tape I can only imagine
what's going through his head right now
Yvonne will run your knots of ideas best
friend what are we going to do we build
a duct-tape bridge all right I'm done
I'm done
before you started your video I could
have told you that the duct-tape bridge
was like oh yeah and one fish where the
Latian bro even on the legs thinks you
guys are joke is why I'm Justin I could
have helped them with the duct tape
right now I'm just duct taping myself no
no I don't know hey John hey beam
yourself yeah for fun bro okay what am i
licking the bio dr. Norris like okay
you think you're funny yeah stand it one
more oh yeah you couldn't see me so you
got scared
oh look the holes yeah guys a six-pack
now guys every day
yo yo Josh Chevy I'm gonna throw on
camera it looks like it's me bro it's so
weird I love cats leper he's the best I
wanted to make out anything that's kind
of freaking me out
oh yeah oh okay what are we doing here
brother okay
I'm going to trick the fans off by
Tuesday free
I need your if I want to break stuff
hold on hold on
why don't you want me to break stuff
because I like nice things
well I can't help screaming must break
though he wants to build an empire you
know who runs so2 outside yeah that's
what we're doing we're about to play
drone baseball I got this new zone and
we should place your own baseball game
take me out to the bra
Nosa now he knows enough yes Drona
Facebook
oh my boy just a glass
my boy is a glass bro bro
John baseball chances the pitcher
I'm the batter I ready for the best
oh he's faithful better this was for you
I was a bad girl love it I got carried
away
oh yeah what am I got a homeroom alright
P bro I hit it good oh okay no no no no
no no no good okay don't do that nose
okay now pull it kids an animal I don't
know he's from Ohio where you came um
you're right Rose be 20 minutes late now
guys it is about to go down it is about
to get real oh my gosh
you guys asked and were answering so
everyone was like yo you guys should do
a challenge like Jericho versus chess or
like a newlywed challenge and see how
well everyone knows each other so now
it's chesa
versus Jericho in the merry game Oh Chad
peppers the host
hi guys today axe is going to be very
surprising for both teams
very excited see who's going to take
fourth in this but let's just get the
thing going do it you want to die this
is what I was going to talk to you about
though we need to have a conversation
come on remember from Ohio Ohioans are
really competitive yeah remember it's a
friendly competition oh you guys good
okay cool
let's go to callers today we were very
exciting day because the very neat game
the way work is not gonna be asking
these lovely couples Pearson questions
and what it is is I'll pass your first
question you better write down the
answer
make sure she doesn't see it and then
you're going to say whatever the answer
is and if it matches you guys got what
we got ten questionable beat asses are
questions or switches unless Allah says
this is the merry hit game so after the
first round off we're going to have a
fun around but around since it's all
makeout challenge whoever has the best
makeup is going to get three points it
could break or make the game will 2,000
fans that's intense and it depends okay
guys so the first question is for both
of you guys
Jacob chance you guys rice and operate
your partner's season who in their
relationship is a better poker write it
down they say how you doing over there
it was show up a little torch at a
five-star restaurant
oh oh okay who is it
I'm gonna have to face me oh yeah
Jericho Erica she's so talented I can't
if you like actually like okay question
about you if your if your spouse what to
go out and get a dog what kind of dog
would they be that's a very nice can I
say like drug America specific we're
like a small okay okay look let's just
go no we're going all out yeah just ever
okay gents look at me in the eyes I have
no idea I get it Harlan um I have no
idea I'm just going to go out on a limb
here okay okay I would get a husband
that's what was in my mind excess boners
Oh remember you guys got that song
around you can get three points so don't
sweat it okay why did you stop favorite
food
guys we're all gonna be hard for him
publicist I scare isn't as exotic if I
eat the same thing every day if it is
probably my favorite yeah you don't
think I don't know what I would want to
use exhibit opposite the chicken like
this like every morning
so so you I knew it I know you eat it
out and you don't know yourself yes
Wow really like I get up what is your
partner
oh my god his single day Glen ready to
mingle
okay lattice ground okay
I hate ladders stupid design and I wrote
snake oh oh I'm not afraid of anything
I was going to say that include me haha
yes your electro does one how old was
your spouse when they had their first
kid this electric comes out why she high
one you know so is that it
they're all suggested I think it wasn't
to reply all right okay
13 what great is that going into a
stranger's go so every American number
well I want
I guess it's great oh yeah
I didn't like it though okay yeah I know
I was picky oh okay guys two three
that's we were questions for the next
question is what is your spouse's
favorite fast-food restaurants and you
get this one wrong Erica I'm telling you
you know they got airline all right take
Europe online Taco Bell okay this one's
getting a little tricky okay guys this
one's a little bit yeah okay with color
lingeries as your wife on the books you
have we got on you guys we have a Bible
and recorder hey remember guys he's tied
up so okay Oh red oh my gosh you're
really doing great honey
I like black more yeah I know that
that's why you're trying to win
for the video it's always no no you're
trying to win the game
don't try to win trouble murder remember
the final rounds were three points okay
Jason you are down by one point it's
very it is a lot of efficiency last
question around Washington who would
your relationships usually gets their
way if I wasn't around and I think I
know this could Tiger Dean so okay drink
up I said I get my way remember the
final round is worth three points makeup
competition you get ten seconds on the
clock man you partner for many three
insiders free on that okay what did you
just do
Jenny what you guys know the consequence
of this all the loser get the deport you
know I think I can work it out wow
you're trying to tell me something you
said your Anatomy so you were trying to
win the game your favorite colors black
yeah that's the kind of lingerie you
always wear work together oh I know you
need egg whites every morning and just
switch up on me
okay you're still beautiful to think of
them yeah yeah what do you even know
what my birth is what is it oh I know I
know
January 17th what year 97 yeah what's
her birthday November I know he's 11 12
that's November 12 I know what's wrong
with you dude it's like she wants me to
straighten want me to pet you want me to
look bad on camera I've dealt with that
in the past ha
you just want me to look bad in the
camera is that what you want
I guess your birthday right and you'll
have to know really and then I'm trying
to ride my dirt bike in the hole
no trying to bring to light snow trying
to break the wall no in 27 years of
hosting I've never seen this happen guys
this is the game happening yes medium
duty black arrogant so that's what was
going on it says Jericho's chesa is okay
nothing yet yeah I never got to make up
a Yeti nice make out eat that Oh wasn't
big oh yeah why are we competing because
newlywed game the same era go to the
final round we got uh three to five so
far our three points makeout begin you
guys are at high section what is late at
my time yes
y'all just handle the link in the
description or what yeah okay yeah no we
uh
Jericho is first on the clock I came
over to it you see channel meeting
description okay wait a minute
we gotta does it take Polly to keep
idols come on okay we got James don't
run I got some things on the box
in five four three two one oh yeah what
is up in the club oh great well I guess
okay all right guys I gotta get a
resident get me some water testing me
five four three two one
what okay okay guys come should be up
I'm going to start off right now you
guys don't believe volunteer now I have
what you guys have my wife will never
love me
okay what a different story stress would
you guys have the Friant Steve Brown got
pretty good yeah it was good very good
Pazuzu big bus here we go see I saw what
feel like Jericho a little bit forth
where you guys I feel like our soul mate
and it kills me to do this you guys need
a divorce you guys Oh
thank you guys so much we want to spare
himself I'll see you next week I feel
like Erica doesn't love you you know
they were you like - she was like trying
to win the game and just like wasn't
working out and I feel like I just was
carrying the marriage okay so I might
have thought a little bit too hard about
the answers I should have said what I
knew he knew instead of what I thought
was going to win well I think I was
right his biggest fear is losing because
I think he's pretty mad after that what
else is ever
it was a blow up you know okay why am I
here we want well it's really fun um we
won Jeff in a good bill like I think it
will work everything out of the chest
looking just what we wanna rock out good
every time I love the show I sit down I
think to myself man one 85n job - a lot
of these couples just don't know how to
find the inner love you have to look can
you get married it something very
special and some couple of times some
couples don't and I just not here to
point any fingers with Jerrica it's time
to split I'm sorry
20 minutes later hey not me I mean it's
like you don't care how's it having not
being your what having an off day I mean
everyone knows that chess is fake
Jarek is real but that's not what you
made it seem like people make mistakes
is stupid newlywed game doesn't mean
that Jarek is not real you know what
you're right we know everything about
each other
I mean sure we know the big things
Yeah right the big things it's gonna be
okay I couldn't stay mad at you
I'll make it up to you really mm-hmm
figure it out yeah I was late we do good
teamwork like if we were in like a
obstacle course or something we would
have won for sure I was just thinking
too hard I was nervous what do I make
you nervous sometimes oh when are you
gonna be done being out of me a little
bit if you buy me a puppy I won't be mad
at Husky you're learning all right guys
shake Paul that was intense
Jerrica for life
kidding the divorce I smell the divorce
on just thought to be honest yeah
they're just growing a little thing for
each other yeah here's a question for
you
about me what's your mom's name Pam like
that kind of stuff okay
yeah I know your mom's name what is it
anyways Jake polish haha merged me
what's my bong in my oh my god her name
is Mackenzie file by some jerk much it's
uh I'll see you guys tomorrow because
it's everyday row cake Pollard's wet pop
and check out this new March who that
March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 shirt see you
guys tomorrow
