what are you doing are you I'm not doing
anything
good morning chicks follow what is going
on party people we are out here it's
been what you see like that's bit you
don't doing it big Los Angeles guys
today is about to be awesome if you're
know rear arm jig Paul this is the
team's head house and it is lit every
single day bro if you're sitting at home
I hope you guys are working hard I hope
you're smiling all you're building on
the haters and let's flip and do that
Jake ballers you guys helped me make the
decision and it is done this is the bike
that I'm going to get it's super super
lit I think the whole squad you're got
you guys are getting it one two three
four
everyone's getting it we are about to
Bob so hard baby
so I mean mom hi guys I think we be
allowed as we want ha ha okay calm down
look at how like smooth and nice this is
the Harley Davidson like logo we got the
exhaust pipes and look there's two seat
so I could put Erica on the back Anthony
can you be Erica for a second pretend
you're Erica okay yesterday in order to
be more pretty to be more pretty she's
more pretty Amy yeah just because they
do that oh oh no can we look good it is
deco looking on say I have this for you
to ye are you saying I don't look at
every swiftly you're fine oh man you
just have a baby like right here yeah
yeah like yeah oh yeah oh yeah that's
hella good okay so I'll just envision
that it wasn't that yeah cool yeah
that's fun you guys are great yeah you
want to play right now she just punched
me know somewhat okay we have too many
people in our house right
yeah honey you Peter we just found out
oh stop
again again what is going on are you
blocking the wall oh my god she's mad
because her room is the one behind this
wall that we keep on breaking oh my god
they're putting holes in my shower no no
give me a holler
huh you're telling them oh no hey babe
do it or not do it now
you want to do it don't do it will you
just hang out over here yeah no
seriously guys like there's holes in my
shower yeah guys Jake I'm just funny
it was all shameful this is absolutely
unacceptable
ah look at this
what do you got what I don't see
anything wait I need me to fix it what
do you know more hole in oh my god oh my
god it's thought to go down letting them
do this I did not to the wall I proved
it
I like what was that 3 to replan that
what is this babe please calm down I'm
trying to hold on if you're gonna hit
him just let me do it for the vlog hold
on I think he said I like to screw I
don't know what it is it was just in the
house that looks like a picture no why'd
you put that in urk you started this Oh
guys guys you saw it oh my god I've had
a great time I'm having a lot of fun
this is awesome tensity joining he's
from Ohio bro we have to get this stuff
out here started laughing like you're
one being in there I like what she's
medicine somebody get that out of the
pool yes actually
hug me mmm it's gonna be okay okay man
give me a kiss
she's not right Americans I've some
crazy bro hey I got high what - excuses
yeah you know relish
I wouldn't she's mad bro okay that's my
way I don't know they do that same but
but but shut the hell up
guys like I got super ham I was rolling
you think I'm gonna put you in the pool
take why would I do that
look at this Jericho merch you think I'm
gonna put you in the pool if you do
obvious I'm not Jericho's really the
game cake I swear to god I'm not gonna
do it if I was gonna do it I'll get a
running start
Jake no no please don't like seriously
please don't please please please oh are
you in a mood yeah you guys drink all my
through the end you're in a mood she's
in the mood okay before we don't do the
lagoon anymore so I should ride my dirt
bike into the pool mm oh boy send it I
love how he's instantly Jack nobody just
hear what he said I thought yes lit
right I'm gonna scooter off the ramp
into the pool she's never been dumb
people thought that flip if we're gonna
do it I don't know if the dirtbike would
break rescue so I need a rescue team
mascot like that start well you guys
were jumping back remember I'm not gonna
be rude it up ready to go I need a ramp
though to go in right I'm gonna build it
and I'm gonna be in the pool rescue team
Erica you probably shouldn't see this or
I could just ask for a permission what's
wrong
I prefer forgiveness not permission I
want her to be proud of me if I do it
you may be proud after her husband Jay
Paul flying in the air and I told you
yeah and it'll be at Santa eyelines
newspaper at least Oh hon I think you're
right bring the dirt bike in the
backyard go fight that feeling such a
risky frisky husband
that's our live now we just need a ramp
that's great they didn't really want to
fight so I was like yeah you're just
beating a girl yeah cool Martinez wins
so can you be the rescue team is that
what like when I go in the pool you save
me oh yeah of course yeah I mean no you
not me but the bike you have to carry
the bike up out of the water that means
the sea-doos Khatami so yeah yeah this
where does a ramp aha it's a hollow
fried-chicken ramp it's a little flimsy
that's why Walter I need you to like
distract Erica why she does not want me
to do this no y'all didn't get any Vince
to get all that stuff out of the pool
and then you guys are gonna need to get
the dirt back out okay okay we've had a
good run might be our last ride together
you know you might not make it out of
this one I don't know if you're
waterproof or not know that I love you
for the ramp we have a drone case some
bricks and a hay bale all right Chad's
gonna test it out first on a scooter
Martinez are you gonna save Chad okay go
there's a lifeguards Oh
Wow yo Martinez you didn't save them at
all
starting a second Justin be my lifeguard
for this if it's perfect successful with
that
you're fucked yeah this is this is
probably really dumb look at this angle
oh my god I'm just gonna send it to hook
in a sense what's going on oh it's
regulation oh you guys silly I'm okay
have you ever done this before I've only
done this two times last week this one
is the books way better than any of the
ones that I've done though yeah so we
just went to motorcycle school bro it's
fine we talked about all their side oh
yeah
what am i doing this bro don't back out
in five four you got it you got what are
you doing to you I'm not doing anything
nothing I'm just sitting on my toys
looks one way quiet let's face it
hey this probably looks one way and it
is that way like you know what it is
stay fighting do you think why do you
like not to me like Jake is about to
ride the dirt bike off that yeah with me
to the pool
come on be a man okay all right I
already said goodbye to it babe give me
a kiss I'm going right now
oh the best way take the Jake Pollard's
I might die dad what I thought I did
this three times last we got it I didn't
even do it twice I never done this in my
life
I knew it was bad oh no dude it's Alma
truth is broke and clean though people
ride dirt bikes when trains right I'm
saying if we just safety is a trained
jab yeah really hard raining we're
trying to get it started ah come on baby
how is that possible
haha
yeah baby I knew you'd make it just 20
minutes later yeah guys I was so
successful I am blown away like I had so
much fun one of the craziest things that
I've ever done okay they were safe
though right I don't flip incentive and
now guys I'm getting my Tesla back from
West Coast Customs soon with your guys's
names engraved on it and you're going to
see the rap for the first time I'm super
excited at today I got the charger
installed in the garage but you're
probably wondering like you right here
so yeah let's so you're probably
wondering like Jake how you're going to
park a Tesla inside of the garage well
right now I'm going to convince everyone
that we're moving everything out of here
for my vlog and then we're going to move
the office and then I'm going to park
the Tesla in here and also when we get
motorcycles the whole squad motorcycles
are going to be able to fit in here okay
I like that yeah okay but just go along
with like the vlogmas my best is like
liddie out there
can you guarantee it yeah guys yeah I'm
gonna come over here I need the garage
empty for a vlog the only way this is
possible is if I have all you guys help
ya guys take no time at all we get
started right now vlog it gets closer
look good oh wait pumpkin dreams do not
have that thing the other we had that
thing another thing with that guy that
thing I saw we had to do no no no no no
no you don't have to do anything
alright so we're going to put the
trampoline outside and bring the office
all the way over to there ah be gentle
be fragile ahead let's do that actually
Martinez can you handle ass
oh yeah you guys got it so we're almost
done everyone bailed on us halfway
through but guys I strategically put my
desk next to Erica's this money really
to bond more guys we almost finished
check it out we still have to move some
stuff over they totally fell for that it
was a log he has thought it was for the
vlogs really understand the authors of
that department s order ha ha funny guys
we're gonna continue to pimp the place
out today was absolutely there join the
Jay Paul no family gives yourself a Jake
pala X sweatshirt they're super hot fire
those are my favorite ones the link is
in the description or you can copy
yourself some Jerrica merch and Jake
ballers we will see you tomorrow because
it's every day bro
peace Jake Pollard's what's poppin check
out this new March Oh
that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
