when I being a ward thinking oh I am
knew that they were fated from I say no
guys ha ha so good morning I was given
the option to take down the billboard or
have my brother release the second verse
well take colors before I get into it I
want to say good morning and I hope you
guys are working hard I love your debit
on them haters all your smiling and if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul this is
the team 10 house you guys are the Jake
polish join the family today and it is
lit every single day brother
so this morning was a boy's morning I'm
talking motorcycle yeah what is going on
party people
it is like 6 a.m. right now we are on
the move so we all made the bond
together to get our motorcycles license
Oh bond brothers ok so it's like a boys
time right now we're about to like ride
around on some motorcycles and get our
licenses that we can steady mob together
mission it fairly with Beatrice baby
without that Anthony are you upset with
me bro we all got free boots you got
those I got the dope when she was trying
to count the dope ones I was like bro
that's the one that I asked for yes for
Greenland your scoop said nah dude ah
okay I'm never gonna wear these anyways
so they were free to bribe you live
amazing distortion baby baby
by dispatching your feet I got a me
anytime so are you whoa kill that class
baby now I need your guys's help stay
tuned ready three two guys okay so we
are at Harley Davidson right now I am
getting a motorcycle not right now in
the next week or so and I need your
guys's help with picking it out so many
of you three of the options that I've
narrowed it down to and I want you guys
to comment a B or C and I'm going to get
whichever one Jake Pollard's want me to
get alright guys so this one is a Baskin
all of its glory check it out there you
go that's a so the guys this is B check
it out through the rim guys this is C
check it out boom boom boom bada bing
bada boom yeah yeah yeah guys the last
option B check it out wait wait have you
ever considered getting this one now
hear me out a little bigger fry a little
less speedy but that's not really where
we worried about you Erica on your lap
obviously she's dodging a lot kid it's
no no this is really big oh no the
Harley's for me to be like again a man
again in like a graph I seek what do we
talk about Mary is Mary Jo you and her
and someone out Jay Paulus thank you so
much what's next and then we came back
to the house and it was time to flipping
the ball out guys ah does exciting news
right now I am about to play in a
charity celebrity basketball game how
long was that noise that I just made I
don't really know my friends are coming
to the party I'm CUBAN Martinez when do
you come in Erica are you coming
you're gonna come support me babe also
good morning
okay Paul we've heated hair Wow I am
correct no go I have I have a special oh
I have a special weapon that's gonna
train me March March
no no oh look pyro hey every game you're
hustling you help me with my game
hey no you got it he's not really that
good of a coach I need your help
it looks like you're working on your own
game I need help my boy said it's okay
it looks like you're ready to play are
you playing in the game it doesn't look
like you're choking me I really need
your help
Jake uh Jake what you like divorce
whatever she's like LeBron bro what yeah
I just came LeBron Babu everything he's
really cute but like yeah he knows
nothing about how to teach anything
what are you doing it okay I don't think
he actually knows anything about it
oh we've got that Jane I do that before
you go always aim okay we're getting
somewhere
okay
Oh Kenny would be just baby like that a
little man just pull off so many baby
yeah laughing you three guys jump out
hi guys we just got here I'm late I'm
late we gotta go we gotta go we named my
baby after you know yo that's my girl I
love you for that ball is life right oh
these got a clock in the rori
my boys a beast I got a Glock in my car
is the seven I sold I got my lucky ochio
are we on the same team boys say if we
got a white church oh snap my boys on
the same team as me there what about the
ball out I'm number two representing
Kyrie baby Cleveland we out here Ohio
you know how we do it oh my god we don't
lose but do we move dribble too much
Johnny Julie look 0l0 all right so it's
team Metta World Peace we open right
we're gonna get it an easy work baby
boomers the Jake polish don't take else
we got a win secure Wayne who can win
too much weight
I think big balls John
the Lena pole I'm a list will be a list
just a little bit I'm sure so that's an
example of oh hi Ron hi bro it's
halftime how do you think I'm doing am i
doing good what do I need to do to
improve I don't think I have any
volunteers always buy that but we don't
pick out baby you can't win them all
sometimes life doesn't give you double
use and sometimes you just gotta take an
L and that's what happened here today
yes it's sad yes we lost but the one
thing that you can take away from this
is to always try your hardest and beat
joke add things oh hey uh yeah it's not
it's making this the voiceover it was
dull right I mean cool we lost yeah that
was pretty bad but yeah yeah I do good
come here I spend time with you all day
thank you for a supporting the other
game high drama but you do really good
thanks Stanton's aren't going to person
did you check out my life you should
check out her glad she likes it should
be like ah continue this is not okay I
hate to see her go but I love to watch
Eileen so now guys it's time to address
the job basically what's going on with
the situation between Logan and I if
you're unfamiliar with it basically what
happened is I put up a billboard of him
wearing my merch on a Main Street as a
prank he got really upset and was really
offended by it amid a whole entire video
roasting me talking smack about the Jake
Pollard's you guys talking smack about
my merch basically threatened to release
the second verse of his diss track
against me if I didn't take the
Billboard down I was sitting next time
watch the vlogs and a lot went through
my mind first of all I was like damn
like I didn't know this it was going to
affect my brother this much and like I
would have never done that if I actually
thought he was going to get like super
upset about the Billboard but to me it
was like just a prank and like everyone
around me like everyone in team ten was
like oh this is hilarious but I didn't
know that it was going to upset him at
the end of the day it doesn't matter
what I think if it upsets him then it
upsets him so immediately I texted the
company that put the Billboard up and I
was like yo let's take the Billboard
down Friday July 7th I don't know if you
could see that July 7 I'm texting the
guy right now from OUTFRONT media which
is like the Billboard company you could
see it on the Billboard so you could see
that that's the company I'm Lilly
texting the guy I asked him if we can
take the Billboard down he said we could
take it down next week if needed I said
okay can it be done faster my brother's
was upset and I don't want to hurt his
feelings anymore
he said they can't really do it till
Monday so I said yeah
I want you to request it sorry about
that blah blah blah they're taking the
Billboard down right away I don't want
to like start any drama or like hurt his
feelings I didn't think that like my big
bump like brother we get affected by
like a billboard that's clearly just a
joke like I think I'm just not going to
be able to prank him so yeah first of
all right now I want to say like you
know Logan
I am truly like sorry dude I did not
know that was going to hurt your
feelings and as your brother I would
never do anything to be malicious or
purposely harmful for you to towards you
I mean and I didn't think that it was
going to affect you that much but I
texted that company and told them to
take the Billboard down and at this
point I hadn't told Logan about that or
anything I wasn't like oh no he's going
to release the second verse like it's
already released on the Internet so like
I don't know if that's like really a big
threat I think he might have been
talking about like the video portion of
it but then I started to like trying to
really like gather my thoughts on
everything and after watching his video
I was like okay he's upset but
throughout this whole entire video he's
just talking smack bad things about me
um sorry about computers okay I know
you're there be quiet um throughout his
whole entire vlog like he was just
dragging me down at one point you said
if someone has a piece of my merch they
are no longer in the low gang then he
goes on to say that my merch is terrible
that if anyone wears that you can like
punch them in the face
and the list goes on and on and on and
to break that down first of all you may
not like my merch but as a brother you
should still support it and you should
still like always support mean
especially as an older brother
that's why I was like so confused when I
was watching this video first of all I
would never I would not be offended at
all a teammate a billboard with me
wearing his March on it like I like his
March I want his March to do well I was
like dude what is going on like this Sox
man Louis I'm going to put your merch
link in the description of this vault
because that's how well I want to see
you do I started to like to think about
the next part of it which is like my own
brother is blackmailing
me with a diss track and he's giving me
an ultimatum a decision between two
things when he didn't have to do that if
you wanted me to take the Billboard down
you could have just texted me and been
like yo key please take the Billboard
down you could have set it right on the
spot and I would have done I'm sitting I
was like my brother's dragging me down
and says that my merch is terrible
I was really watching the video my
brother goes from saying were Mavericks
we're going to change the world blah
blah blah
talking about Navarrete like his merch a
couple seconds later he's like bro I'm
so upset about this billboard and like
it really bothers me and blah blah blah
I was like wait he actually does care
about what people think when he
literally just said I don't care about
what people think don't give a shit
about other people or what they think
I'm just all sort of confused I still
feel bad about putting the Billboard up
there I was talking to different people
about it this didn't make sense to them
either I felt like his video dragged me
down more than this billboard which I
thought was like a harmless prank and so
the bill where people currently are like
taking the Billboard down I don't know
what I want to make yeah like I haven't
thought about it but I want the
Billboard to like thank you or just be a
tribute to you just so that I can
support you or maybe I learned just put
like your March and like the description
to your site whatever it is I'm going to
text you again like going on with a
maverick thing being a maverick is all
about changing the world you don't
change the world by dragging other
people down which is like what the
second verse is and like your whole
video was about and like I know the
Billboard offend of you and it brought
you down I'm so above that drama and
like caring what people actually think
about me or like what is said out there
Jake colors like we've gone through it
you guys have seen it everyone on
YouTube has tried to drag us down and
it's only made us bigger and more
powerful and more savage wait I forgot
but he apparently destroyed the second
verse so what like did you lie to me did
you lie to the low gang that's kind of
messed up too
now all of a sudden you have it I kind
of just need to get it off my chest
you know plays it's all so go K's on one
wall to hit
please uh maybe one i'm suppr going boy
you know Cassandra take all these pills
okay they can't hear you Paul they don't
want to see the district grow the Jake
Pollard's are positive people happen is
all about anyone else
no I think I'm okay to tell uncle Nathan
to help your brother this is not
educated Oh far as anyone was concerned
this thing was completely gone until now
you know this isn't just as you to get
it right you know this this right here
something that no one thinks it did but
I being a war thinking all that I am
knew who that disabled I saved it from I
say know it when you're concentrating
when she was of our Drive I thought you
might do something stupid so I made a
copy put on my computer I didn't tell
you until just now intense
oh I knew in this day why are we logging
this I don't all the thing is are you
talking about
that's why I even came in here in the
first place and you tried to disrupt
what you have going on I thought this
was fun
y'all let me down say the second part
yes it's right here bro I had the hard
job I destroyed it
yeah but you did what I thought you
think it was rock music oh we like a
little girl barely lowing a success no
no I got it but I have another duet I
just took it because I didn't want you
to have it I don't want to listen to it
with our nose in it you know it's
already on YouTube just not the video I
need to listen to their do what is
YouTube okay you know you Jessica okay I
know YouTube is I'm good at okay I just
happened to pop up in your video
no no Erica uncle Kate is god I was okay
to save the second verse recovered it I
took a copy reports before I destroyed
it if you can't destroy stuff like this
is a memory we'll look back on this one
day as a family I truly don't care like
I said to the Jake college girl haters
are the motivators and when they hatin
on you your bank account just keeps
growing I'm not saying what to do with
it I'm just Jim and I are you getting
this cuz I think jig was going to know
what to do with it more than you know at
this point it's like imma be a maverick
and I'm just gonna let it play you're
gonna be a go yes the Jerrica merch
Lincoln mile as second Slayton well
caller I'm going to show you guys the
second poorest the music video here it
is
i'ma play it here in a second because
the Jake Pollard's are the most savage
people on the internet real the
strongest family on YouTube and quite
frankly I don't give a shit Lee about
what people think about me you should
take that as a lesson in your own life
kids if you're watching this at home
you're getting bullied if people are
trying to drag you down on a day to day
basis
don't let it happen get better every
single day hustle every single day work
out every single day make vlogs every
single day pursue what you love every
single day and that's what this channel
is all about
I don't know I'm gonna watch it come on
I can't believe yeah I was just the
enabler of the
I just gave you the keys you're choosing
to do this movie with their babies
didn't play doh I thought you were my
boy I have a baby
Otto Neal's back another kid loves
people a home on well with wine Oh
better kids with the girls Wow okay no
that was good well they had YouTube
they've been a longest Italy vlog Logan
I love you you upset me I've set you I'm
gonna figure out how to make this
billboard dope for both of us or
whatever and I'm sorry dude like I don't
ever mean to hurt your feelings
it was just prank wars I think you owe
me an apology - to be honest I hate to
say that but like your video is
definitely 30 times worse than me
getting a billboard of your face
so I think that's what you need to do is
a bigger brother as Hoyt I become a dick
caller join the family the new Jake Paul
X hoodies are still available those my
favorite ones and I will say okay you
get give me a hug bro give me a hug
that's this is like I'm their dick balls
I'll see you tomorrow because Jake
Pollard's what's poppin check out this
new March
ooh that much is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited-time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow poof
