check out this view family Oh baby baby
good morning Jay Paul is what is going
on yes machine guns are dope whoa good
morning I think I already said that I
don't know I'm just on one right now
oh she's doing dude I don't know what
guys last night
initiation a type around a situation
happened basically I'm sitting in my
room and I hear this like madness going
on I don't know what it is and so I just
start sprinting and roll the clip yeah
be a maverick your mother a restaurant
up or else we're good for how you doing
Paul Logan I think just spray-painted
our Faraj I don't know what's going on
right now we chased this car down but
back here's what trash the loaded spray
paint in our house
what does that say I can't even our on a
garage door too far too far I think he's
upset about the Billboard I don't know
what he said though you spray paint our
garage door Logan that's too far it's
like bro you could be mad but like
that's vandalism fam no we squat it up
and generally tell you get in your box
yeah we're inviting we just wrap
barefoot not cool bro really not cool
like come on now what is that and then
this morning I had to jump on some
business calls and do some business
I do business bro
and so here we are
you're caught up to speed today is about
to be extra lip my boy and if you're new
here I'm Jake Paul this is the team 10
house and it is lit every single day bro
I want to make sure you guys are working
hard chasing your dream saben on them
haters smiling doing good things for the
world and becoming a better person every
day bro enough with their nonsense
tsunami fuck you guys have as you bet
anything alive if you speak a little
Spanish she's gonna tell you that guys I
don't know but I feel like we need to
get lit like it has been a while since
we've had a good ole Ohio living session
yeah I've been yeah you guys got married
you got soft bro you've been oh you've
been acting like a fruitcake I'm
actually a fruitcake bro mix on this
here though yeah you're both fruity I'm
poor song we need to get lit but I
haven't gotten live with you out you
know like I was gone you were in Ohio
you're in Hawaii so we originally say
that we need to get a manhood back where
you two get rowdy yeah right now right
now right now like oh ha ha
I need that drive back like we need to
put that hole in the wall no no no no
that's uh that's our typical row all
right it's something new to junkie
nothing new something different is this
typical I don't know what you're about
to do oh that's a picture of me
what the hell we did this you put a
whole mold we did this one night
randomly stop putting holes in the walls
like everyone does
Wow okay you're gonna bring the meter
over wall babe hey get out we're not
wearing anything you know what are you
guys doing are you mad at me yeah I'm
sorry yeah I was becoming a man again
look I had to regain my dignity
yeah your walls sure yeah you look great
Hey no it's a man's law Oh Eric I love
you I love you yeah yeah she knows hey
it's so good at that Wow hi hi I'm Jay
keema bachelors go where did he come
from
who is that you're gonna put a loan are
you law yet oh you're Izzie I don't want
an ear to talk I'm sorry I'm really
sorry
mm-hmm that's pretty bad yeah maybe make
why I was regaining my dignity
why I wasn't a man because of all the
lovey-dovey stuff okay you can still be
a man
Judah we just went off roading and like
a bunch of manly sauce okay it's coming
through the wall oh she wife's mad do
that what is that I did that I hit some
water though okay girl look dad does it
do one hit here see who would guess and
I'll be the special person oh yeah who's
gonna die or anyone's gonna die I'm
gonna close my eyes
good I hit em with that one without a
scrub scrub
they're all dead to me who is that man
wrong today I'm like on the border here
cuz best friends and like be a man and
it's also like be a good husband I'll
play both sides we both side yeah the
only person who is not sledgehammers
this wall no I haven't pledged handed
what are you doing no tripping my we're
on the sell-off
you got to do it just one time for the
one time yeah there you go I'm just
coming fall oh oh my god oh my god
Oh bye I'll see you soon I love you yeah
yeah catches dot right there you still
married right keep down the way oh wow I
feel like there's kids not gonna be as
cuted you guys you want to come to Ohio
Justin yeah take you to the wall you got
it I really think she's gonna hit
herself in the face to be honest I don't
do anything we're getting let go what's
worse as I called it he charged with the
handle end yeah don't know okay
you almost hit yourself in the face you
know I meet your bra's bro you're gonna
work on that I will give you $1,000 if
you tackle the pool guy into the pool
this mattress I got broke calm down
thousand yes and a thousand tops tag no
just one Pop's egg
yeah the primal viewing spot it just
goes yeah you know you only have like 10
seconds to make your decision sick fine
I call this a freshman initiation you
got to do it now though you're gonna go
soon there you go you got a no there you
go okay I don't know where he came from
and I don't worry guys nice but I do get
Jake called joggers and assert
afterwards right yeah in the description
John thanks John John John John John
nice nice okay Oh
oh my god yeah come to this family bro
gotta hear your way get out my boy I got
you bro I got you okay yeah oh you want
are you gonna put your zigzag collar you
got tackled into the pool on a hot day
you made like $100
Justin made a grand are you Jake baller
roll that breeze no here's nobody I'm so
proud of you bro
you did it level off at least 25 points
you know like each other the pool guy 12
seconds later do you hear that no no no
no just plain that bro what are you
doing what are you doing what are you
doing stop hey you're playing the song
for the fans really love it Oh yet
though I thought it was late we put you
on the song but you just gotta chill out
a little bit too early to play it for
the fame it's shopping in a couple of
hours and then you can perform it what
however long you want but that we could
go like this yeah please put him on the
song and he's just like really excited
he was performing it for them no no it's
under his head isn't it Oh glad you
liked our play hold up guys we just made
it with the squad to a music video shoot
check out this view family Oh baby
so we are shooting a music video for
Katya you has a senior in the vlogs a
couple times before Amanda Cerny is
directing it my boy batches in it
Justin's in it Erica and hi actually the
main people in the music video and I
think we're a couple in it yeah yeah I
get to make out with Erica I think she's
here she also forgot her vlog camera
gonna be
your husband and give it to her huh this
is it hi guys
Erica how are you are you something
thank you yes again it was the best
husband ever you are
ah well I wish things had a different
way of planning I swear to God I want to
see if you above the planet once a rare
Jean words or my thinking never stop I
know I rap like I'm a guy but I'm fully
aware I said Elle please send help to
the world then it covers to that name
okay so here on set undulation what's up
he somehow made his way into the music
video how they just threw me into it
you killed it though what's up Erica hey
I thought you weren't talking to me
she's mad at me
I strike you first you broke a hole to
my wall and then you broke my water
fights and then you just made fun of me
twice I didn't make fun of you don't be
mad at me thank you don't matter see
they need you I'm not mad oh you're not
mad okay it's okay
hi I'm Anna what's up we've been here
for hours but then I haven't blogged
your face yet but it looks good it
doesn't I mean it does it doesn't what
okay 20 minutes later take well as I
love you I got a wit what
congratulations
but we're together yeah oh yeah sorry I
love you did Colin stop by somewhere you
just finish the music video guys back at
the team townhouse today was awesome
guys join the Jake Hollis family
subscribe get yourself some Jake
polymers it's loja boy link is in the
description we have an exciting day for
you guys tomorrow and I will see you
tomorrow because it's every day bro push
Jake Pollard's what stop and check out
this new March whoo that March is hot
boy
new items of merchandise limited-time
click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
poof
