I have one more thing to show you as
well I wanted to get you appreciate gosh
it feels good to be back in Los Angeles
at the team ten house because okay
no but this morning guys I got home from
Hawaii super early it's 6:00 a.m. I just
got back from Hawaii I'm tired I'm good
good and then Erica was asleep so you
don't had to mess with her and then I
went to prank the ratchets because the
ratchet you gotta prank some other s I'm
back ratchet good
where they go guys sorry to pray and
then I took a shower yeah baby
and so now I'm awake with the squad who
knew your own Jake Paul this is the team
Tennyson is it every single day ruff
make sure you're working hard make sure
you guys are smiling right guys like I
mean smile come on you got a smile
make sure you dab on them haters because
when the haters hate on you your bank
account just keeps getting bigger
ha ha are you laughing at my last time
yeah that's right baby it's so damn on
the haters and I loved it you guys
because projects you understand no
biting no spitting you're leaving the
babies with me yes we are
this is for your benefit I've a new
husband go look at them they love me
look I uh I got this no I'm gonna watch
the baby oh my god Erica's still asleep
I'm gonna have to do this I'm gonna be a
dad and I'm gonna be a dad I got a
practice now I got a become good at
babies Erica will appreciate them okay
you got my birdshot yes you do early
give out Lincoln bio is this like a dad
vest yeah it's got that it's a lot
easier to use when you have bolts like
one on your back and one on your chest
how long have you gone for Harry stylist
how are you gone for me it's about four
hours yeah
treiber's I wanna know okay kind of okay
how doesn't join us Lola too much weight
with the baby in person named expect I
feel about this situation is a little
sunburnt - so the fever all the sunburn
is there a baby back there yes and then
you just took this thing here there you
go
oh my god there's a live species on my
back so there's one for the front all
right right up in there I'm
second-guessing this little baby thing
okay this is real okay we're gonna we're
gonna do some baby things do you want to
go swimming I think they want to go
swimming
uncle Nathan you should know how to do
this oh that doesn't sound safe and what
I should know for my brother is safety
that doesn't sound safe you're right hey
dude you know I just realized advantage
you don't even need to go to the gym and
you can hit some squats look at frat bro
oh is this one still alive back there
your life are you life don't talk you
want to play with that I'm gonna get it
in everyday bra with the Disney Channel
flow by Milan you doing anything else
never done before oh right
Oh Erica I need some breast milk
the babies are thirsty what should we do
all that while they're away from their
parents I'll put you in the pool you got
a puppy cheeks yo there's a fat baby oh
yeah I know that's the Jake Paulus I
knew I wanted to be a family channel of
water one day would be real honest I
gotta go pee
how do I do that can't really fit in
here all right I'll let you do your
thing I mean I just did I cover their
eyes or I think that's a smart move you
know what I'm gonna call Tyler and ask
him how he does hey um I'm trying to go
to the bathroom but like they're
strapped on
I'm not really sure how to do this did
you just say daddy right now because my
kid you know I wasn't I wasn't trying to
go to the bathroom milk alright but does
it just say daddy I think so yes I'll
get that
I'll get that door Jackie I'm your daddy
boo boo boo boo boo boo what are you
doing if you want to be on team ten we
got to hit him with the trampoline jump
I said it was a back bomb you guys no no
I'm sorry I'm sorry
hey we know I wasn't actually gonna jump
thank you how did she know that
propeller she knows how to
I didn't start crying so Duchaine am i
right
I mean look at that in croc plane I
really want to be a family channel
bloggers like you one day you gotta do
it I'll take you out we're bonding to
kill a little Bros being dude Wow it's
okay what's wrong you act like you're
having a seizure in it like your dad Oh
breathe good ah how I do I did good you
did great you did great oh thank you for
teaching me now I'm sunburned I think
are teaching me how to be a dad is what
I want to do well you I want you to
teach me how to be a kid again
yes yeah yeah I got you roll our the
best kids there are I am gonna be
watchin i watch your YouTube channel
you're funny
yo we should these want to be kids right
Justin is a kid I just got my truck
pimped out it's got a new horn on it
that's like blast people's faces off we
should go blast people think I okay I
got this new snorkel so I can go
underwater
that's pretty litter you when are you
gonna be underwater I mean I was just
underwater in Hawai I can put a replay
for you specifically just for you Kyla
I didn't want the vlog out too busy with
kids makes one person um yeah I know if
you can see in there but I got some
horns in there yeah we can test it out
got a horn in there yeah like a giant
hole neck it's not just like I haven't
even tested out yet let's do it I'd be
sick oh yeah alright I figure out how to
do it just pushes rip big red button oh
my god let's scare some people already
look at these girls right three two one
there's a ton of people up here any
watch sorry are you a youtuber no no I'm
not no we can't prank laughs ready here
you got this girl you got this hey girls
girls girls girls girls
you want to hit him up in the world
ah yes sorry sorry yo that was no your
kid that's your little kid you should be
so proud of him we were like scaring
people cause in trouble I thank you for
teaching me to be a dad
Erica you should have seen me I was a
dad all by myself you were taking care
of the baby you look beautiful you look
beautiful I don't feel good I gotta be
taking care of the baby yes I wish I was
a week to see it well you just watch on
the ball yeah yeah you're Jeff all right
very good thank you
if you moments later yes guys how can
this day get any better
let me tell you I have been plotting
something for the longest amount of time
and it's here so I came up with this
idea a long time ago I was like yo I
want to prank my brother with a
billboard what am I gonna do and so I
started getting these ideas ideas ideas
and literally like a month ago it all
started to take shape check it oh hey
what's poppin future Jake yes so I'll be
working on this billboard thing for
quite a while now we got Nick here
Nick's gonna help design this billboard
Logan I'm sorry bro but you're screwed
I'm thinking we put like his face like
this and put his phone number and then
put sin nude and then we say Jake
ballers are greater than low gang we
should put my March the link to my March
a protocol something where in your mug
yes Logan Paul ugly we're literally
getting a giant billboard for this guy's
ah this is amazing one of you here still
cute though and we're going with this
one and then we're going to put Jake
Palmer on him and it's still kind of
creepy but you could still tell it's
Logan so that the full embarrassment
will be there you'll make them have a
black too
looks like he's missing you too sorry
Logan yes just want to make this attack
here as possible I think it needs to be
like bright yeah yeah I'm gonna make
that pop like crazy it has to be like
the brightest billboard on the whole
street and we just like to get you to
tunnel put the link on it as well as
that yeah yeah right it's gonna be there
for four weeks this billboard is like
giant it's 48 feet wide
I'm excited yo so it's actually going to
get a lot of traffic like with tons of
cars haha so um eyes will plug you know
always plug so we're working away we
added his phone number we're going to
finish working on it we're going to add
some stuff to this so you can see the
final version in a second on the actual
billboard back to you future Jake bro
you should not do that the Billboard is
up right now please go go go we are
going right now
I got a billboard and my brother's face
is on it guys I'll show you the final
designs the one that you saw isn't the
final design we're about to go look at
the billboard right now I am soaked and
then I'm going to pick up Logan I'm
going to show him the billboard without
him knowing he has no idea babe she just
kept put anyways I'm gonna pick up lo
him and tell him that I got a new train
horn on my truck and drive him to the
Billboard see his reaction
oh no it's on a main road good vigil
contest cheek Paul he's wearing my merch
he's got a gap - I love this March yes
look at how busy this road is - like
there's this traffic backed up Lincoln
bio oh my gosh alright yeah we have to
go pick up Logan and show on this he's
gonna treat the block the best is the
gap - I'm such a good brother
yo Logan I might pull it up to your spot
bro you come if you gotta check out this
new whip all right come down there is
all right guys guys guys everyone actual
like it's just the train horn oh hold on
you got a squad rope well I got my boy
Brendan get it do you gotta check out
this train horn no one I just don't
believe this for one second guys what
you're really just showing me a train
horn hey don't knock it till you try it
ha ha ha I can't my right kid yeah what
am i uncle kegs my joke my jokes are
great there's one she looks young in spa
oh sorry
I have one more thing to show you as
well I wanted to get you I'm going to
appreciate our love shuttle shuttle bro
no honey you're here you are yeah I
don't love that merch and my face is on
it like I love it but I don't know I'm
doing the train horn oh did you water
I'm taking dude hey you put that water
back well how do you feel right now
I feel stupid for sure I actually kind
of feel good I'm kind of still oh good
ok that's aggressive if you just love my
March you just say so I would never make
that right I think you didn't know it
was gonna be a lot worse but they
wouldn't let me like what you're gonna
do I was gonna put send news with your
phone number too far question mark I
think yeah I don't even know what to
what to make is not a top Photoshop no
it is photo stuff it's like that photo
stuff you know that's real it's real we
got it from the Google Images I mean in
my opinion it looks good and and it
tells fans where to buy the merch which
is in the description so top some of
that this is the tanks bro
are you guys ready oh yeah it's up for a
month
hey hit him with a train horn and
perpetrator yeah hey Logan yo is that
you on that billboard you look a lot
like that guy who's up there
I don't trust you with that water I want
a god damn it Hey
oh oh okay we should have known it was a
really good throw to god they're so
athletic from Ohio
oh hey row row row see right as you do
we just kiss on what's wrong I know I
meant on the spot you guys that's how I
don't know is oh god I miss you hey you
look pretty
yeah it was a joke to the trucks all
pimped out now guys we're at
harley-davidson right now because we all
made the pack the Midwest boys are
getting our motorcycles like I had mine
but I stopped riding for a while so
we're going to bond a little bit and
this is where the plugins guys thank you
so much for watching
Tiktaalik I will see you tomorrow
because is every day bro who's Jake
Pollard's what stop and check out this
new March
whoo that versus hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
