money to buy a Lambo any service huh
guys guys guys guys no I think this just
happened you aren't gonna believe what
just happened yo come over here and
watch this I wanna marry this on camera
oh my gosh morning Jake let me pull it
up Drake I just followed me on a see
today is Drake follows man Instagram
guys like he's my idol he's you I look
up to you Drake if you're watching this
right now bro let's do a vlog together
hit me up call me agent Joe manager
Kevin you know what it's funny I live
five minutes from you we can make it
happen bro I got a basketball court come
ball DME FaceTime me call me fax me
write me I'll be your pen pal and I'm
smiling I'm dabbing on them haters today
I hope you guys are too if you're new
here my name is Jake Paul you guys are
the Jake callers and welcome to the team
ten house
oh that is the squad team ten guys
welcome to our lives we are the most let
YouTube channel on YouTube that is a
fact and I'll put your vlog belts on
because today is about Go Go yesterday
there was so much construction going
down at the team ten hours guys there's
always construction we're building stuff
Mason's not sick anymore bro you're back
you're back come here looking like a god
Church with that new haircut from Jay to
Barbara God here's the thing it is super
high in sunny California like February
normally it's super cold where I'm from
it's like snowing right now but yo I got
on this like holy shirt holy shirt no
over the past couple of days I've been
having a bad day I cut my leg Erica
ditched me Erica kept on putting it on
the milk in my drink problem it's
hurting my inner beam is that Tony no
this is what he's always doing guys
Anthony what are you doing why you
supposed to be listening to me and my
problems bro I need you I know do you
have Chipotle
oh my god yo give me that wait you got
food too bro I just want to let you know
that somebody from your company they ran
over my mailbox so if you get if you
could give me their number and I could
get my money back that'd be dope can we
do that sorry oh you don't want to be
recorded well welcome to the team ten
mansion cuz you guys listen to my
problems I know you guys got food but
this is more important the problem is is
I have thousands of dollars worth of
pennies the reason why is because
there's a trend on YouTube guys I saw
the sign and stuff with this and we got
to figure out what to buy with the penny
I'll get into it guys we're gonna fix my
problem we're gonna figure out what to
buy with the pennies but yo uh-huh yeah
don't put that new you save the day
we literally so much food here the dudes
and us guys I know I'm on a diet and I
know Eric keeps on giving me all but
y'all you can't resist that look at that
cut look okay that looks wrong that
looks no but it's seriously what feels
us to be the savages that we are the
power it gives us the caloric intake
that we need to be able to vlog on a
daily basis guys you know what I'm
saying it's everyday bro like in
subscribe join the movement close call
the post rates guy Corbin call him right
now tell him he comes back and B's in
the vlog I'll get $500 hey bro listen so
I was talking to Jake he says that if
you'll come back with a good attitude
and be in the vlog that will give you
500 bucks sorry about it ones like it we
actually like nigga come back is having
a bad day maybe we'll fix his bad day
I broke it's on turn around come back
here's the problem I only have $500 of
pennies hey with no not liars
so here confuse right now our money's
delivery guy came in I've logged them he
got pissed apparently he's having a bad
day he messed up our money's order we
told him to come back we're gonna give
him five hundred dollars and I only have
pennies the family and our other
delivery guy works at the same company's
corporate and so we're gonna try and see
if we can get the money back for the
mailbox thing that he ran over oh my god
I love this Torben so we're here to turn
your day into a good day okay are you
ready yeah first of all hold on we need
to talk about a couple of the feud yeah
first off there's picot I'm not just
there was panic oh yeah you put yeah you
yeah he said no please yeah I was in it
was in the order but it's all good
yo the second thing is the agreement was
we're gonna pay you $500 to come here
and come back and be in the vlog I have
$500 there's a but there is a but it's
only in pennies okay see you later
Corbin but it's still money so you're
down I guess right decision you know are
you an actor by the way we had a theory
that you're an actor you're not an actor
so how would you like a job at team tent
ya know who does know what that is
know that have you ever vlog before I
think you'd be a good vlogger just here
you go
just take the camera there you go good
morning Corbin's
welcome to the Corbett vlog channel if
you're new here my name is Corbin I got
my white socks on so you know it's about
to be a good day you're not the first
post mace driver of that we've actually
kidnapped this is we've kidnapped him
too yeah yeah it's a typical thing that
we do can you please go back to your
company figure out who took out our
mailbox and get money from them and
bring it back here
and I'll give you half deal respect guys
all right let's go get the pennies
alright kids album filing is this the
weirdest day of your life okay I respect
more pennies oh wow alright Corbin have
a good day bro alright I hope we changed
your day around and cheer up let's let's
help him carry it but guys pain Corbin
and pennies brings me to my next point
Gucci suitcase guys look at all these
goodies
come look at this come get a satisfying
shot yo guys like a trend okay so like a
lot of youtubers are doing this buying
stuff with the penny I want to give this
a try but I don't know what to buy these
nuts the Jake ballers are the most
savage people on the internet what about
if we go to like a designer stores let's
in the Box way to the outer I don't want
to put these words yeah bro they don't
even let us film in deliver anything how
is their film and then buy a Lamborghini
in pennies no rule I don't need another
Lamborghini either you're beaming can we
show them the truck though
yo that is shitty my guys bro you need
it if you want
I'm gonna flip it to you Nathan already
yeah yeah three let's go - you can go
one top yourself something lotta so much
in the game new Valentine that is a lot
that's Jake tango and I've got a little
back Valentine's red drop guys you can
get it right now had to watch always up
Oh
finally made it to Lamborghini guys it
is about I got my hidden camera under
here you can't tell at all the holy
shirt came in clutch belt I'd really
don't know if this is gonna work guys
this is such like a boozy play yo let's
just go let's just go here to my Lambo
you know we could talk to to buy a Lambo
my name is we're here to buy a Lambo I
just have like one one problem like my
mom gave me an allowance like she I say
I've been saving for like four years to
buy this but like being allowance yeah
yeah but she would give it to me like in
pennies is that cool enough money to buy
a Lambo yeah there's a lot I was
thinking like that
I mean at school no I mean I'd be happy
to part for you checked out this way you
like it but I just can't me cold heart
ready to talk to some guy named Joe
does he actually cook the pinion just
ridiculous if I was him and kids rolling
in with pennies that say get out
I do not think that was gonna work how
are you cool for your court - oh my god
what color should I get should I get the
matching Lambo truck with the blue
Malone how much is it by the way 200 so
and I'm paying the deposit in pennies
you're the yellow with the blue oh my
god this is I'm sorry mom I'm really
sorry I shouldn't be doing this
hamster these are the final signatures
there goes the Jaypee signature it's on
every piece of March banter that code
bites that Jake well huh should we show
him the final custom yeah I mean next
Christmas I'm gonna be waiting
no it's fine no one has him no one
hasn't it's cool you mean right way
thank you so much for being cool man
buying a Lamborghini repenting it's cool
what did I just do should we feel bad or
is it just like he just sold a $200,000
car and you got a Gucci bag out of it
let's go don't forget about the
Valentine's Day contest guys you only
have 48 hours left to join the everyday
bro movement guys and we're picking one
of you to come to your house
on Valentine's Day Erica's coming I'm
coming it's gonna bake right I'm already
talking about what to come no you guys
but seriously guys have spent so much
time making this March for you it's the
red drop super exclusive we're almost
sold out actually so you're gonna want
to hurry up and get it and I will see
you all tomorrow for another crazy day
because it's everyday bro please join
the everyday bro movement a pop and
count yourself some of the hottest urged
in the gang go right now because the
take callers sell everything out and
subscribe button join the most let
YouTube channel on YouTube I'll see
y'all tomorrow
