yeah okay you two you two get out of
here jaqen stuff you to leave oh we can
file a goodbye oh yeah I might even
leave you two alone at this rate that
was lose talk about your hair is still a
little orange from yesterday Thanks is
that comment Thanks
yeah are you mad at me don't be mad at
me if you want to go play paintball with
the boys
no I wanted to leave you know what you
know this is turning into Oh
I love you too girls are loud but
usually I'll have Erica because I'm
related but not today I was just doing
that to be cool so I didn't lose my
street cred
you're allowed whatever you want okay
why am I like I'm gonna have fun with
the boys tonight famous second fear ye
we're all here on the paintball field
baby we got the squad here I'm possibly
little Christian you look sexy I am
stoked to play baseball with the boys
boys - yeah I only got away from the
wives you can get in just have to make
sure we're practicing safety at all
times got the mass very important say
for its negative tension if you'll have
any Jake short did you're not oh no I'm
a fool yes yeah I'm just making sure
that you're safe I'm gonna be safe okay
okay baby critical safety is critical as
if I bought a Tesla let's play
you
okay duh Ali took trouble a couple pain
what happened out there
no I wasn't bad at all in her you know
you got plastered ha ha ha it was just
some some pain it was like bouncing off
yes
no no no I was going on there no no it
was the other guy oh there's another guy
really because I replay this it looks
like you cameras tend to add 15 pounds
so that's what you're thinking
okay yeah got it okay cool yeah Delta
we're going the same spot okay let's go
back in the day ten hours guys that was
lit Tiny's our trash broke you saw the
slow-motion replays those paintball
shutting down that much dude by my knee
took a hit oh my gosh kids don't play
games all my weight is over a little bit
oh look at my job my job good job
little bit all right I'm jacked up you
have four people I don't want to tell
you that I won't you get too mad like
some balls up might be a bank so prank
okay yeah make me now we'll play along
make me now oh yeah Chris and ha that's
a good friend again yeah I know it's
face look at his face I know that's
funny
oh is it Tessa Tessa oh you got it how's
your marriage going dress
I smell a divorce coming still paint a
Verity not for the sake of your marriage
so hey what the hell oh yeah what the
hell it was
goodness wrong scene so with a little
dude I walk in there we go and I'm Jade
you got to tell your hair but like a
little bit know he doesn't have time
here right okay he's still in there with
her yo Oh what are you ready yeah get
out oh oh oh oh my god yo calm down babe
who is it
you getting drunk you again yeah go oh
no oh you're gonna take my girl deal
your girl why do you hang out with the
Morocco what do you mean you're hanging
out with another guy alone in a room
yeah what the hell I cheated on me I
think adorable no no don't get hairy
looks like a popsicle
there's no one much better he's kind of
like a three color candy why would you
do that why'd he was just hanging out we
was talking I mean it looked like he was
on your bed and then he touched any all
the way over there that's where they all
say yeah I don't know about six I mean
that's are you good could you laugh like
a walrus all the time
annoying yeah talk to my wife like that
bro you know what this is all this is
all your fault right this is all your
fault
what do you mean yeah she started this I
can't we're just talking yeah I'm crazy
right now
whatever what's wrong like that's why
this am I not cute oh you are you but
you just like dude you just get outdone
by the younger generation I mean come on
this kid's like eight years old he can't
do anything
oh you sense a divorce yeah can you tell
me camera's not so me there so what's
your deal what do you get out you're
gonna let him talk to you yeah get out
you just okay what's up hey Dan what do
you mean what do you mean yeah what do
you mean what I mean
okay you just said we were gonna get a
divorce so what no you're not are you
trying to put this on Jeff is on me
right in Barocco that's what's going on
and now you're yelling at me for no
reason because we're talking on the bed
I fine he's just a little dude girls are
really into little kids bro it's fine
she's probably it's like right here
right Rocco it's why like a party it's
like a puppy dog cute back bro yeah get
this kid out honey what did you do to
him you get him out what do you mean no
yeah feisty right down chill yeah I know
what stop he does a lot of things that
you can't do whoa
I mean like what like what yeah so far
he baked you a cake he got you flowers
yeah what do you do why would you marry
me then because I love you this kid
thinks he's dope I'll show him dope I
will show him how let's do No
no colored face yeah what is this kid
doing
oh come on the trampoline oh okay I mean
that was so good oh I'll give you that
one
little one yeah like clearly I could do
that it's just little I want I don't
want to go easy on the old popsicle
torte and obviously Easy Rider
he's just it's nothing I'm just
disappointed in you he's not even mad
it's just disappoint why did I do
yeah oh yeah oh you get scooter is
anyone else witnessing the appearance
you you can't even do anything
you're just vlogging it what Oh dad eh
hold the camera okay I saw what he did I
thought you did it feel really small
like a camera check account oh honey
yeah yeah did you even see it and he did
the same thing
oh yeah well sing oh great oh dude have
you given lesson he asked you to you
guys my toes just stay out there have a
good relationship this is blasphemy
no what is this kid would even come from
oh yeah yeah sure is that his mom oh my
gosh that's right you should excuse me
is this your son that uh no no don't you
touch her like that Oh get him okay
oh I can't beat up an eight-year-old hey
that's your son yeah this is taking my
friend's life thank you my wife I'm his
friend and he's taking my wife oh my god
what'd I do
oh my god
okay how could you still score gee I'm
gonna talk Rocco I think that's a good
idea
we're gonna have Jack grab a nice yeah
cool
all you guys sure what the hell what no
no no you're putting more attention with
him I live with you he's new
what do you mean he's new I was like a
toy okay
oh yeah what are you doing what are you
doing hey Celeste he's got his name is
Rocco and it says that on the shirt guy
merged yeah yeah March ah yes March oh
my god you know I think at this point
you're happy to have a finger he's just
running a game right there but something
an eight year old meet y'all there very
few time - uncle Kay doesn't know what
to do and now is one of those times I
don't know what to do right now okay and
I always know what okay this is a brain
so you gonna be that this is easy to
pray so do you think it's funny
Ronnie is giving you funny what do you
mean he's eight years old he's better
than me at everything
no not everything just who Turing and
trampolining and stuff that's all cool
stop oh yeah well baby I can ride a dirt
bike you can't do that okay yeah watch
this close the camera okay he can't even
reach the ball ha ha popsicle head ass
show me how to start it
yeah yeah actually really cool oh it's
cool right yeah higher feet oh wait how
are your feet what I can't even do it
Oh Oh
I'll be back so he's just a kid like him
Oh ladies lips on you just like that
funny
the ladies worse on you however you have
a baby I mean is a kiss on me see it's
not the same anymore
oh it's just a kiss on the cheek what's
this huh yeah yeah yeah daddy yeah okay
oh yeah yeah that's right
give me a bloody nose he must be the
face off camera I got a bloody nose oh
god I know so nobody can't hurt you yeah
hey kiddo
you got some Hannah Montana tickets if
you want to go I have a girlfriend
look what put your girlfriend
hey you maybe hey get head oh you just
have your camera he's literally vlogging
not everyday browning let the haters get
you it is everyday you little turd
talking about holes every day shall we
go get him on
yeah okay oh I don't want to do wait I
have an idea generally I would never be
one to say this type of thing oh wait
wait if you did this it would be a joke
it would be worth never thought these
words would leave my mouth and that's
word starts with a divorce prank it's
the only way that we can smooth the Seas
oh no again no not everyone stop it
everyone's going up I never thought I
would say that word out loud it's the
only thing we can do home she doesn't
appreciate me enough and I'm gonna make
her feel like that and then sellers with
Frank and then it'll be equal and then
you guys will have a better marriage
after work you're right I'm sorry I love
you baby you're so good so fun
No okay calm down okay let's do it okay
oh my god just go please get out of
office I don't want to do this hello
there
you know sometimes you have to go
through thick moments before you can do
this easily so sad and vulnerable though
it's always here are not on board
why am i meeting here I'm just really
upset
hey actually CAD format yeah
hahaha yeah like just in general I think
it is it actually bothered me so much
like for a whole situation is just
happened I just feel like maybe Nick was
right what he did wanted you just what
didn't I give you news out of her he ate
like I thought you know that I'm kidding
I got one of the time it's like you we
need English right
you mean oh you mean like I'll just feel
like sometimes you're just joking around
with me what are you all right now when
am I ever just jumped around so easily
better
this is big the bet is that's written
under each number the thing is turning
your blue horse hair honey and hitting
if I was telling you to joke or
something
and it bothers okay - bother me I
believe in it and how hard enough you
are being serious yeah I wonder like all
those things doesn't let up do it joy
what do you but he I don't think and a
lot of it's my fault I don't think no no
seriously out faces we work wherever you
happen so fast and I'm not just you need
to know your life is going for two years
I know life like no you know the way
exactly what I'm sorry I okay is but I
think this is just an example of a
bigger problem about there
so you're probably eight years old this
is an example of what one thing that's
insane like we don't know each other
well enough we join in is way to pack
and like there's so much precious I feel
like I have to be like this perfect
person for you because you're so perfect
yeah and like I feel like I have to use
a good person and I'm not gonna make you
feel like that like not sure what more
more money from eyes like honestly by
Molina but surely he'll they are
take you on a talk before they cycle a
lot like suburban during that evening we
would pop up and you can headlight right
outside talk about it with you and your
alarm is so here that was here in the
hospital this is weird
if you live a driver what else are you
not before proposed by this real high of
idiots banging their head on wall three
and that one is maybe help you if I ever
make really is me happy I was relieved
what do you think they're young I don't
think we should continue our literature
pretty quickly
are you serious right now
what the hell is it yes it was one
situation but I voted for a while it's
not this you didn't get all our why a
lobby
Tommy not just to be so you are these
really are you sure the porch are you to
me everything is literally the perfect
size that you go hitting on say new
ideas words like I said I'm sorry who
the hell will tell me we need is me but
I just feel as I are you what we do look
at you exactly the same thing I didn't
really deserve but wow that is just
agree see what you is going to do it
there we go armies hardly ever but it is
like every major Malik Hassad how do I
ever feel at it we do still begrudge Wow
hey did you notice the camera in the
corner just came at me and words like
pumps are words right before I steamed
it worked right Eric as a fried it was a
French dough that is not funny it was a
brand word you have to be oh yeah hey
bro it was I may know she was she told
me amazing and everything like that is
not a cool prank to play uncle Kade
don't get mad get even that's what the
excitedly hi she's elusive to the goat
on the loose oh my god oh my god this is
all your fault run up today hey hi okay
put her down okay okay come here
she's not gonna hurt you
I won't let her I'm very disappointed
no because it made the relationship
better
yeah because it made you realize that
you didn't want to divorce me and that
I'm better than eight-year-old yeah
Erica you know sometimes medicine that
you take doesn't taste good but it makes
you play on words
absolutely not oh wow oh I thought
enough father Frogger yeah yeah yeah so
good yeah yeah
okay okay yeah I don't know about that I
mean I think I screwed everything over
okay saves the day again yeah not all
heroes wear capes sometimes you find
heroes in your simplest life forms
sometimes you find heroes in your uncle
but regardless this is an epic voiceover
and look how cool the slow-motion shot
is this is what we celebrate
Jerrica on a day today basis through
thick through thin this is Jarek Wow
such an epic voiceover yeah Rocco we be
friends bro
there you go Reese please don't take my
wife okay yeah I know you're better than
me but hey oh okay I kind of like the
kid I'm gonna be honest yeah he's got a
lot of the hate him what I could yeah I
mean you see I'm on the dirt bike
community play incredible I go to fun a
little Rocco in your belly yeah she said
she does like with your camera with a
point on it though okay
and guys oh my gosh wait what time is it
it's time to start announcing the
winners of the merge competition for the
Tesla so that we can see whose name are
gonna get engraved inside ha ha and who
is going to get blown out to Los Angeles
and ride in ha ha with all local case
Erica and J so here are the winner
if you moments later so without any
further ado guys I'm going to read off
the names here I got them off you
already know that Dan craftsman is
getting their name engraved Jackson Nick
is getting their name engraved in the
car anyhow for the eight others and then
I'm going to tell you who's getting
flown out your tongue all the names I
know that's right okay first one Devon
Spencer from Huntington Indiana
congratulations your revenue to us
that's my boy who's not actually but I
just appreciated it from the move and
then the next one is Lisa Bradley ah
she's from the UK okay hey Congrats
nobody knows Nick probably the next is
Nicholas Villarreal Villarreal boo
around from Dallas Texas a specialist
congratulations kid you want to read the
next one yeah Caleb's ink from Wesley
Chapel Florida
ah and then guys this next one
your name is getting in a grave and
you're getting flown out here no yeah
this is the one I picked and you'll see
why Kristen Patterson my girl from
Northville Michigan which is right next
to Ohio Kristen
congratulations you're about to get
flown out here with like your mom or
your dad or whoever you want to come and
that's up in it and then then the rest
of the names of people who are getting
put inside of the car jay-z Velasquez
from New York
Sandra Platero from New Mexico Hey and
then last but not least Vivienne Tran
from Australia om I will say is
Australia so guys congratulations I'm
going to email you guys and make sure
that like before like whatever name you
want on there I have all of your emails
thank you guys for entering the contest
I'm going to be doing more of these guys
in the Lamborghini everything so this
isn't your only chance to win I love you
guys Jake Wohlers today has been awesome
we're about to go work on something
special for you can't tell you what it
is but thank you so much for watching
and we will see you tomorrow because
it's that rude a broker Jake Pollard's
what pop and check out this new March
ooh that merch is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited-time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
peace
