by Jake polish here we go it's America
gang gang gang we got a squat out your
guys what is going on Jake Pollard's
good morning I hope you're killing it
right now I hope you're working hard
over down on it I love your smiling I
kind of forgot what I'm saying hi guys
it is the afternoon right now so I
shouldn't have said good morning because
this morning a miracle happened this is
an absolute miracle I am blown oh I am
flabbergasted I am in shock and awe what
I am about to show you this is insane
right uh-huh
Jesus is with us guys look at this we
have our pool back oh boy bro you
remember when this was a lagoon and now
it's back to being a pool oh dude could
you imagine if I did that I mean we got
to do it eventually they're putting my
chemicals and stuff in it this was like
a toxic wasteland now now it's back to
normal
I'm low-key like so shocked right now
and because of that I want to give a
tribute to all the oldest Lagoon videos
of it as a run he saw she was a tribute
to the lagoon baby rested peace
absolutely insane and now I don't even
know how it looks like this now I've
never seen this house with the pool
oh no it's great it's like kind of nice
right we're going to make it even doper
guys then we're gonna have a fully
functioning pool for about five days and
then we're gonna ruin it again yeah all
right back to you Jake and then I was
like yo we got to get the Tesla pimped
out yeah like it's been too long
that's what I'm saying that's what I'm
saying it only had it for a day we got
to get it picked out we went to West
Coast Customs
alright guys right now we are on the way
to West Coast Customs the Tesla is
driving itself but the reason we're
going there is because one we're going
to get it wrapped so it's going to be
even more pimped out and to don't forget
about the contest guys we're taking it
there so we can stitch your name into
the interior of the Tesla remember I'm
going to pick five to ten people and one
of you is going to get flown out to us
Angeles to drive in the Tesla with
Jerrica yeah all you guys have to do
this is your last date enter is by a
piece of March and you're automatically
entered I'm going to announce the
winners tomorrow guys so hurry up go
enter the contest we didn't get to test
out the autopilot yesterday but look at
the feature look at this like it's the
best part of the autopilot right here
Wow okay now that's the best part of the
whole entire car Oh Oh double down drive
all right guys let's go to Thailand I
love with the bull pound every week not
with women and staff oops we're out in
the back just blew out everything I do
anything in those now yeah just got here
we still don't know what color we need
to name it something he's exciting to
raise the part of the family event is
great that's family car ever yeah that's
what I'm saying like over here and the J
Pollard's names are going to be on it
bro we got to figure out what color man
there's not gonna be there's a whole lot
of colors no it's dancing no my car
dances what the hell oh my gosh you guys
witnessing this
okay Oh fine is building it up
yes yes 20 minutes later okay guys so as
a family we decided what color to go we
got it on lockdown and now it's in West
Coast awesome sans guys you guys could
take it away it's been less than 24
hours it's already gone it's almost like
I didn't even buy on already well when
we get it back to be the best family
farther and guys they're going to be the
one ditching your names into the
interior of the car I'm stoked for this
is about to be lit you're still working
on the RS you're still it's pretty look
at it guys it's back here can't show you
though we're gonna have to blur that
y'all gonna upset it's right there well
who can't see it yeah you have two of my
babies
broke the printer it wrap is so dope the
printer from know I am stoked yeah
Logan's bus is here yeah you gotta go
pee bigger piss right in there Logan's
bus yeah you got to go pee too don't you
it's okay go oh oh he's actually doing
it yo chill chill chill chill and no we
are out here like I don't know where we
are we're like an hour outside of Los
Angeles and we got our squads raging
homies we're about to jump off of a
forklift 35 feet in the air
under this tad apparently before we get
started I want to talk about this this
picture that came up here all right pop
yeah you are that character how do you
feel bro I'm mad because I was trying to
keep this to hear from you guys for a
while and he knew unless he knew about I
don't know always safe my boy only
nation from Iceland at this one how did
you catch that dude oh and in other news
my mom is even more of a vlogger now she
got a new car for her vlog this is the
best thing since sliced bread I just
picked it up it's really really really
really close
what the hell my mom is insane so
neither Papa you to refine is iconic a
video about it exactly I know how did he
take it to West Coast Customs what is
like I don't even know okay now you have
to be really careful with these type of
things
a bunch of times now if you land two
feet off center left or right to be very
problematic - rolling off the left or
right side all that bad that's X and we
don't want that you want safety for
everyone involved
yeah especially you - yeah not so much
me yeah just like that
yay we're just going to make sure that
she's safe right if you have a baby so
I'll protest at first because I've done
it a bunch in touch the double triple
China yeah okay so it looks safe though
look at that we'll go up on top of the
forklift in this jump off off like this
when you're up in the air it's like
you're saying we're going to miss a lot
of numbers a bunch of specific and it's
us that wasn't cool enough for you we
got a couple million dollars worth of
cars here so uh yeah check these out Oh
baby shake stop talking let's just do
that okay he's gonna go for it I'll test
out the safety for everyone yeah I've
done it a bunch of time so any high
school you've done this before yeah
cause I've never seen this take of
whatever Yanis I've never done this
before in my life that's for you and
Erica oh yeah it's good here it's good
here are you sure bro yeah I'm streaming
it you're going to test it out are but I
already told Eric I've done it so I got
to do it okay yeah Erica yeah yeah cuz
I've done it before
yeah uncle uncle okay here goes nothing
about it a fun safe hey you guys sound
good
you got it Jake bye Jake polish here we
go here we go
this video Erica I'm a man
hi hi sorry oh just emails okay you did
great it scared me though uncle k2
didn't really look he's done that before
he looked kind of nervous no no yeah you
look a little shaking americorps no
tweeted together oh do you think we
could I don't know there's only room for
one sorry are you scared no don't be
scared don't be scared oh oh let's do it
alright this one's called the vlog and
jump I got this it's every day bro ah oh
I brought my camera
alright like ever I think I displayed
the whole thing sorry I've been eating a
lot of tacos oh oh okay I'm good
so you know how the Jake colors do it I
was like yo let's turn it up a notch
strange how much is this car boy about
3.5 million oh okay so here's what we're
gonna do we're gonna put the car in
between the forklift and the foampit
thingy majiggy and i'm gonna jump the
car you got enough money yeah yeah sure
no no let's do it pull the car right
here yeah jump it it seems like a good
idea if you ask me I don't really care
this I've done this as much time shows
me but like I'm on the birther cartoon
yeah over a five million dollar car and
I did but but three is still scary and
it's a lot of money and I'm yeah I think
we're gonna cry today
know what
yeah oh okay yes maybe yes so soon my
dog man I think they gave me brownie
points with Erica yeah DC thought you
were hot oh that was awesome I got a
kiss yeah you're talking about how much
you thought that was dog oh yeah yeah
Wow whatever well so now that I jumped
it I get to ride in it that's how this
game works March taking me out ooh it's
like a spaceship
it sounds like a spaceship man what are
these noises oh my gosh ready yeah I
think I'm ready three
okay Marvin easy oh okay I really think
that this is the next courses oh it's
fine we just got something for the kids
we don't need anything
oh you gotta have some fun yeah you have
fun are we really ever getting for an
hour I've never oh now we're going to
get this yeah I want to you sure you
want the upper air I mean like what if
this doesn't last forever
what do you mean I was okay to last
forever yeah why can't okay doesn't
judge me if you think like that
Turkish rubber duck yeah look at this
yeah let's call the puppy dog I was
shouting you're not mad I thought on
that in the Frogger - yeah progress my
favorites do the fries is my favorite
yeah classic yeah yeah yeah yeah it's on
this dude no one look I'm looking
looking right at you oh my god whoa I
got on fire oh oh
pull me out I'd be obviously in your
hair really yeah so when I landed on the
pad I smoked bump the smoke bomb I
landed in my lap as you can see I'm
burnt and then they also got on the
Lamborghini but what I'm pissed about is
why do you guys cook the lamb oh and no
one's wiping me down we don't care about
you Jake
so take no guys don't use orange smoke
bombs no that's something you don't want
to do because now the Lamborghini is
yeah look at it like it I don't like it
I love I love it oh I can't get good
we're not monkeys chance let's do that
oh okay okay listen guys I got a gift
for Erica okay this is great right I'm
freaking all back here and I don't even
know what it is I really good get Erica
funny voice I guess yeah you should like
it cause she's learning basically you
know I would always say if you were dude
all the good times day if you were dude
distance were together that makes you a
dude oh wow is that how that works yeah
so your dude yes you do
why which is why we're together what is
happening for you I wanted to get a gift
in remembrance of all the times we had
close your eyes you can open it oh I got
you this and we can hang it we can hang
it great a master I love your gay
doesn't like a I like it thank you we
are back I was pretty good I just told
me I missed you we were together all day
meet all very good you're not really
vlogging this rate I'll help you
oh I'm gonna crush the poster oh yeah
this is going bracelet on
I'm thoroughly karanji I don't know
what's happening I think you took a
weird go thank you for loving me for who
I am
yeah let's go Mary hey hey
back up back up I'm okay here is good
hey now I'm okay
you leave on okay too long damn it I
caught in a bikini
Oh Oh Ganesha on the laces gone yes
oh wait we're okay oh you look amazing
you look at me this where are we right
now
Amanda's surprise birthday so we came to
Amanda Cerny a surprise birthday party
let's do it me and she here yo hey Jen
over here everyone I said I was gonna
marry her yeah yeah now I'm married to
someone else
yeah bro what's up with that I don't
know how to get a divorce
surprise my wife might do was kind of
weird just like I was going to marry but
wow that was fun good plan you look
amazing still here coming up but guys
Jake ballers don't forget about the
contest for your name to be inside of
the Tesla and you're going to be able to
get flown out to Los Angeles to go in a
ride into Tesla with us as a family here
and I'll go change
yeah wait I have a special surprise I
already picked two of the people and I'm
going to tell you right now like
literally right now the first two people
that are getting their names inside of
the Tesla Dan craftsman from New Jersey
and Jackson nicked from Mobile Alabama
guys so you're the first two winners
I'm still thinking like a ton of more
people all you guys have to do to enter
the contest is buy a piece of March
today is the last day so go now link is
in the description but congratulations
to Dan and to Jackson and they could be
rather one to drive the car yeah I'm
going to make that announcement tomorrow
I'm announcing the rest of the names in
tomorrow's vlog guys to hurry up enter
the contest and uh Jake Pollard's I will
see you tomorrow because it's a very
good nigga ski people you're worth it
now you're supported living off you have
aa book seriously do we get on in stitch
in the console or to just win us
you're just the winners now that I I
don't even have my name's sue LC
tomorrow because every day real P
Jake Pollard's what pop and check out
this new March whoo that March is hot
boy
new items of merchandise limited-time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
