take what isn't about taking all this on
to you okay are you just playing just
get him up okay man looks like fun
talk about fun we are on in a family
adventure whole wholesome family fun
look at that
so Erica came up with the idea was like
hey this morning we should wake up the
ratchet with water balloons that's my
favorite pastime I love the way she's
thinking about logging you're really
going about it in a in a great approach
mm-hmm this is great wow you're strong
so let's start filling up the water
balloons and uh good morning Jake
Pollard's okay stop okay you can stop
stop I did not be myself
I don't be my dad's I used to but not
anymore what all the cool kids are doing
it there all we need yeah you got it you
want to carry out Ison vlog this is
great kids before we get started
did you know that this is a tomato plant
in its infancy and not but a couple
months this thing will have tomatoes so
we could eat I don't like to maintain
yeah yeah no really good let's go bye
okay yeah I'm fine you don't look fine
you look like you're having a rough time
there Wow okay there's water coming out
Rhenish sup guys really the blanket they
have to cover their whole house their
morning on solid row there's one chance'
knee in one martinez i will leave you
alone guys
christine marie one for the martina oh
no you guys are sure water
oh we're bonding look at a lot of the
water
yeah yeah you gotta come hi hi gr you
get so much button below us watch that
was pretty good yeah i think you are
today oh there's one more time who wants
to do it I'm just gonna save this one
that's our first water balloon fight Wow
yeah you could put in a frame Oh
oh yeah one more for backup that's a
move I've seen that movie before - Oh
Peter Pan ooh baby how you do that oh
look she's playing long as you know
that's a great move
so should we clean it up or should we
just let it evaporate all right yeah a
little-little that right good morning
Marty bye babe
Oh looks good
are you awake I'm awake well it does
list at least one person which is hey
Tony you missed out bro I swear you've
been there for like every blog I've ever
done yeah yeah no we got no water
balloon fight it was great yeah no we
actually don't normally like go like
this right now we don't let me go I
throw them back oh okay not the water
again we all know what happened left
good morning Jay callers what is going
on if you're new here I'm Jay Paul this
is the team ten house and it is it every
single day Russ make sure you're working
hard make sure you're smiling make sure
you're tapping automate it and we got a
fun day ahead of us sodium to be only up
with Eliezer
yes squall Joe Joe Joe right here with
the family
okay we got babies we got Mickey Mouse
I'm on I'm on your channel I wish a good
sing-along
our family is progressing I get so good
getting getting big I hear any big right
you're not pregnant are you know you
look at excited you almost had it
Oh chance is working on it I'm working
on it Erica are you working on it no why
are you all dressed up every time I look
like my outfit I've ever seen yeah like
she looks like her you guys look amazing
we should leave I don't know I want to
go somewhere where should we go Brennan
Ralph yeah through it yes you guys don't
go food yeah you want to get food you
want to go on a loser be safe oh we
could practice babysitting them while we
go get food that's good right what kind
of car do you have
oh we have a sprinter orange they may
not really not a lot of air bags
oh the team ten or no yeah oh no that's
okay what do you mean that's not safe
maybe point going that I ran that every
day the bikes and I recorded all the
time yeah Martinez was going it we put
them in his line right I really haven't
thought about this yet she's kind of
right well what is your car then in the
morning for Omega CV is the other thing
safe I feel like is that CV well we just
want your car yeah we can go in our cars
let's go all of us not hurt on their lap
babies in I mean not babysitting what
car can we get what we in the order an
uber
honestly man have you seen the new Tesla
the white one do you have it no but we
should go get one if I had the money
spent the money like you probably up the
money to do dessert you're saying that
once we had a Tesla I don't understand
why a test was safe I don't know I don't
know if it's date on the character shape
honestly he's right he's right
Tesla's rated one of the safest SUV they
wrote all the batteries on the bottom
cool very bottom why does she know that
I'm an uncle uncles know everything gene
so Erica good at US laws so we could
have babies
ah let's queue right I'm not I would be
down car seats rid of active oh it's
almost like it's becoming serious
everyone's down for it though yeah Jake
buy it if you buy it yeah might will
quiet oh yeah like the doors open up
like wings
what do you mean they open up like wings
they open up like this Amador's bowie
knives itself you can focus on you know
if I hit you're over itself that's dope
because then I can make out with Erica
while it's driving oh my god yo really
really good ideas don't know you guys
need a Tesla - I never make out it's
okay makeup makeup
yeah energy time
well I'll be high energy and stop energy
the last time this happened I bought a
Lamborghini Oh
oh my god the time is there like I'm
gonna be able to talk we even have
tonight they just want to ride Nick as
cool but put almost safety family
oriented vehicle for family my wife
because everyone say dude that's what
I'm saying I got a ride with the doors
open and the autopilot but I want my
babies I'm gonna have babies and they
have to be safe Stacey how many girls
you get pick up a book tour Amy would
you buy a console right now 100% how
much are they does anyone know how much
they owe a hundred thousand here you go
go how much honey please go - I don't
want to know much affari a camera ain't
guardin like 82 what's like the most
safe one though I mean looking at
upwards of 150 51 some how do you know
everything Joe I'm an uncle bro well
then I see it what is this
well on a david dobrik head oh yeah that
why he got it so that he could drive
around with his girlfriend and be safe
like Liza she's a little tiny little
tiny girl through how it makes sense
yeah having changed or probably trying
to make baby oh my god I want to be like
David you've been in there yeah it was
that in there yes they were was it safe
I mean we didn't put the car seat in we
were driving but it was a paper say
no man would seem concerned about though
we're really doing this right now this
is why we got a car broke on it I feel
like it's very spur-of-the-moment
generally I come on oh yeah for the kid
thank you right right give me kiss yeah
oh yourself oh this is why I came to
town so jigs right it doesn't what it
was on autopilot you guys do this all
you want all my gosh is right you guys
took all my online I want to kiss you
baby oh I want to kiss you we can't get
ownership that's enough ugh oh yeah well
I can't do that if we were driving okay
you're driving who is your Tesla you can
just ah and I just don't want to like
lose my manhood you know like that
oughta turn it to like that a soccer dad
stop dude bingo zero to sixty a 2.9
seconds bro smoking Lambos boy whoa it's
bad to bro Oh see I need autopilot oh
and we 2.9 seconds ago zero to 60 under
three seconds bro triple win zero to 60
and 2.9 seconds
I really want it yeah I'm gonna be a man
that's manly man am i imaginary man wait
wait for the customer right away right I
gotta get this Oh
now I'm warning you I vlog it yeah okay
I get hijacked follows I'm Jake my
name's dish I'm a Tesla please lay down
nearly no j-pop what is doing about
taking all this on to you you just lose
crying just get him up okay I got this
all wrong is that the one I'm gonna get
I think that's it right
bigger better for kids okay Oh Jo
highest safety rate high safety rating
in America you were right bro she's
trying to buy a Tesla 3x1 come yet and
when do we look at the cars I think you
just buy them you don't even look right
I mean I'm down as long as it's for my
family I'm gonna come sit over here
about you Oh Ryan are you excited
I mean I'm buying a Tesla but you're
here yeah work we're Baltimore Elsa
Parton this is great oh wow
you let me drive it I'm gonna let you
not drive it you see what I did there
yeah that's funny dad joke I'm a dad I'm
not yet yet yeah I'm nervous all right
my man showing me
Tesla's this is amazing who do these
guys what a spaceship look like I want
the white one is that the same one
that's a model activate oh man I want
that one
oh my gosh do you love this more than
your wife it's not too sure you
shouldn't get it no I know you can say
that on camera but Jake yeah we'll take
it we'll take it right I'm excited yeah
I should buy it what do you do shush it
and it I probably should have sat in it
before I bought it in here there's a TV
oh no way you're cool I don't even want
to sit in it I just want to buy it we'll
take it this is the key it looks like a
car not a key oh my gosh wow this is
really happening
okay what do you think and you see oh my
god futuristic yeah well we're looking
into the future of having kids
Oh Oh II the weirdest people you've ever
okay I think of you and Erica and little
junior walking over dude setting them
right here with all the space oh my gosh
right there named junior okay my name I
could name him you can I don't know why
maybe maybe look at those rims those are
nice too
oh my gosh it's baby friendly
kids love it it's perfect I'm the
perfect use for this one I'm in love
with the car already
anything no it's great
I thought I didn't have to do it great
yes they call this a make-out feature
right I have to make up features well I
bought it for oh yeah I love it - love
it the family Lois family first kids
always remember that they bring your
kids and your wife that is so sick
how long does that take like 20 minutes
yeah lots of 20 minutes look how great
this is
I'm so excited in it let's test out all
of its features as a family am i right
this is a good time to drive it I bought
it already
I'll Drive it now this is cool oh I just
closed all Natalie oh so how are we
doing this I mean I can someone has to
drive the Sprinter back I don't exactly
get me encargo vacu Newark she's got the
babies so that means there's no room for
me I don't think so okay better make
sure it's all safe yeah okay get in
family oh this is such a good family car
I'm gray how is the back half this view
right now I mean to twist and then you
guys yeah the gang's all here close the
door family oh oh did it go so just as a
family oh my god you want to test out
that 0-60 time yeah the kids but it's
safe that's why we got it oh my god oh
look at me go oh my gosh is that Babies
R Us
babies are ours I favorite store ever we
gotta get the baby on board stickers Oh
family coos - keep it spoon
oh my gosh I love this store let's go
guys okay babies are a store no we're
Christie Creek we don't need a clothes
no us we pay for right one two three
oh I'm bad an Bujji
hahahaha are you in having a rule while
you're doing so good Erica you
practicing she's doing good right does
anyone actually know where to go because
we we just leave it right this way
where did he come from oh my gosh uncle
K knows where you were really we may be
there but there's a lot of things that
are on board everything you want to
Blair girl oh sure what both this one's
for me little racer on board they knew I
was coming before you touch please wash
your hands truly set it in that I just
spent one hundred and seventy thousand
dollars but nothing I'm fine mmm-hmm
you're fine
Wow all I can say is Wow
walking out of the store like champs as
a family together we rise uncle ke Tatum
and Oakley Tyler and Madison my
beautiful wife Erica look at us go
life is about taking risks life is about
family life is about piney tesla's on a
suburban moment basis so that your kids
will be really safe when you drive them
and also say you can go zero to 60 in
2.9 seconds life is magical and it's
what you make of it on a day today basis
to determine what your outcome is in
this beautiful game of life and now we
rise together as a family United as one
in this tesla this is not a paid
endorsement uh-huh snap what am I saying
it's everyday bro all right back to you
Jake okay you got me on board say V our
progressive vows perfect perfect perfect
or shot it's also close it close it
Oh buddy baby iris all I mean the
windows are really sensitive windows are
very possessive all right now we're
ready to drive let's try all right here
we go we're going to do a zero to 60
this is why I got an X well what what
aerodynamics
no we got this ready hold on wait I'll
be ready channel 20 minutes later whoo
all right guys look I'm opening your
doors for you I'm opening your door I
opened it for you oh my god no problem
Jake Paulus this is like this is so
surreal like look at this thing look at
how beautiful this looks I think we as a
family we came up with this idea it's
great I mean truly so the idea that we
came up with real like yo I want to
dedicate this car to the Jake parlor
like without you guys and without the
squad here this car wouldn't be possible
to be able to get and so I want to
stitch a couple of your names into the
interior of the car so you can be here
you could be here here you could be here
and this is a contest guys so pay it pay
attention I'm going to stitch you guys's
names into the inside of this car so
that every time I'm vlogging in here
like your name might be you know for
example right here in the background of
the vlogs
the reason why I want to do this is to
dedicate it to you to the J crawlers to
is that it's every day bro family hi
that's a Jake Palmer right there
basically guys all you have to do to
enter the contest is if you order a
piece of merch in the next 48 hours
you're automatically going to be entered
into winning this we're going to choose
like five to ten people to stitch your
names into the car a new merch and drop
superzoom article wait what about those
jackets that's one single man chair come
so all you guys have to do is order a
piece of March in the next 48 hours and
you're gonna have a chance to join the I
don't know what to call the car the
Stormtrooper car yeah we got to come
over the cool name but your name is
going to be somewhere on the inside of
here wait it gets better
can't get any better
any better and guys one of you out of
the five to ten people that we pick to
stitch into the interior of the car
we're gonna fly out one of you to drive
in the car and experience what it's like
um I mean I haven't even done that like
I'm okay that you in general in you
again five to ten of you are going to
get your name stitched in the interior
of the car one of you is going to get
the flown out to Los Angeles hang out
with us take pictures be in the vlog and
you get to ride in the Tesla it's a 48
hour contest so you have 48 hours from
now mine's faster and it doesn't make
any noise so the babies can sleep again
all you have to do is order a piece of
March to be entered into the contest
guys I'm super excited and you're going
to be a couple part of the storm trooper
vehicle thank you so much Erica we have
a family car now this is great uncle
cane
uncle Nathan yeah it was really good
great and I'm just so excited right now
I can't believe this me such a process
through the whole entire day and it's
lit every single day bro
Jake Pollard's as always I will see you
tomorrow because eggs every day bro
who's Jake Pollard's what stop and check
out this new March whoo that March is
hot boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
