afternoon Jake haulers what is going on
people first of all we have a crazy day
ahead of us a crazy night ahead of us
but before that this morning oh good
morning whoo I was already late I never
drank like that this morning rare event
I'm surprised for you oh look at this
look at this
oh wow this cherica's room it's great
right beautiful
and look we can put it right over the
hole and if you put it right over the
hole in the wall Tessa does a morning
tea I'm a man you like that better yeah
you look great oh wow good morning Tessa
Oh Thames is amazing Randy you're Andy
that is just beautiful that is dandy Wow
would you look at that any better than
there is really but the thing I don't
like about this analysis oops Jericho's
room so where's its remain um yeah now
we have basic stuff we can fix that yeah
we'll fix that so instead of oops okay
say oops no Jerry's room poops I mean we
do we don't poop a lot I think we just
talked about good job
oh you look good good doing that oh wow
such a hearty heart that's key right we
should celebrate
ah okay
you
and so now we are here I was on set for
the earlier part of the day and we have
some said what is going on dude like
he's been hyping to size and keeping it
what is it what happened well don't I
mean as I know it's a surprise I just
won I'm actually mad I didn't get it
ready to the wedding I haven't really
fashioned none of us really got a formal
invite I wanted to do the best thing you
do for your best friends what okay first
thing okay wait listen
oh you're either as a bachelor party
he's been keeping us in this garage
because apparently what's what's
definite apparently people are out there
foods out there no you guys don't
experience it I've had one of these
before
okay a couple the report oh okay I
thought potential problems females are
on the premises generally when you do
these type of things you like flying
somewhere like go to home cop our wives
are here yeah not good a stripper by
women you know wait we think it turns
out okay yes you can because check this
out I sent them out for a movie no your
Boyz II Men your voice Kunis yeah so I
guess the whole motto behind us is like
we had our wedding without having a
bachelor party yeah that's a now we have
to ask also what's up dude you've been
silent over there just chillin taking
adult anyways uh should we get the
started you want to say that
okay yeah it's the best party I've ever
been to
it's also the only one I've been to no
no no down down how countless now
what's nice squeeze my boys app what
about the party baby come and tell you
what we got here is it you want to go
bowling and you got the bowling oh you
wanted to others bowling go
I knew there'd be strippers okay I try
to get a girl super it didn't happen I'm
not freaking champ another strong like
baby oh my god I was less I he got food
I know big budget so visit OB tell bro
hey it sounds like y'all know this is
where he's going to be the last other
ladies you ever touch again what do you
guys want spread all right no that
wasn't a brandy Lola watching except of
it yeah I'm located yes everything I
pictures I do know the best one I've
ever been killed it looks here cheers
here here's a you guys are losers
oh happy happy uncle uncle
what
right okay okay
I need a break guys I need a break thank
you guys for coming out I love Jill
Ellis still let pepper party planner
ideas all time is why I'm so good all
right next segment I have for all you
beautiful people is we have two
strippers coming oh okay bring em out
bring them out and you better get ready
because not three one thing they ain't
here Oh ain't it you must bring your
Power your mouth raise all right where's
right on the stripping where's ray okay
like a god
oh my god oh my god everyone calm down
calm down
they're at a movie I thought you guys
watch the movie what are you doing wait
wait - take it - cars - really yeah
what's all Colorama stars - yeah that's
a Disney movie car three baby L
something wrong with Disney yeah why are
you guys so mad like we did tell me oh
yeah I just saw her on your lap that was
not that was not a stuff no that was a
fan oh boy okay big big what's
understanding I'm sorry I probably was
having a party with dad best party ever
that's right why are we on a stripper
for our so because we don't know where
it was a bachelor location it was a girl
you know how did you pull the word
master a bathroom yeah we heard keep
your job you look really cute while
you're vlogging you look really cute I
know the Isaac Chad and I were like
you're a bachelor he's like no your
bathroom your bathroom yeah no I am like
I think I heard you guys say what Oh
marriage
don't say he said he said honey you hit
no I remember that uh we gotta go to go
yeah we do gotta go yeah no you guys
only got not but four minutes ago did
both of these fine young gentlemen walk
in the house we shad and I were having a
pole yes we were doing something else we
came back here cuz I had to get a vlog
batter you and then that girl attacked
me I feel so abused right now yo you
want to go with us we just come we just
came back in from somewhere else yeah
that's where you guys are back in and
right now I'm gonna go back out if you
guys gonna come oh I I know what it is
we had that idea totally creepy creepy
insane asylum you guys want to go to the
insane asylum that's why we were coming
back so you guys can tag along oh look I
have a Ouija board and everything look
at the three key one look at that
oh wait anymore already open yeah a
little bit we are already planning on
going you guys are the best best friends
one I've ever had yeah you're really
talking about right now yes yes we
should go now before any time waste is
racing to change that cool really quick
you go change oh thanks yeah I got to go
to actually I'm over here I'm going to
talk to you in a second I got to go
change right okay tape appreciate that
yeah and now we're walking away so I
can't continue to harass who doesn't
really know is the best out like oh my
kind of want to be like wow we replayed
a highlight to that yeah
that was away I mean just rerunning it
yeah also buyer Jake hallmark okay point
link is in the map yo are we good are we
good we're good yeah we're great you and
uncle Kade the way you just carried her
away
yeah I just wait what are we talking
about whoa what bachelor party was there
a bachelor party fine okay good
you want a kiss you want to go dance
yaaaa mmm I love you she was talking at
once stole her camera in the meantime
when her cameras gone she wasn't going
off long crazy that happens at all we
will get out to Matt dead without
posting random stuff I lose it over here
she found her camera guy our camera back
now she just said to me love you honey
and you got a kid okay
yeah yeah you have good yeah yeah yes
yeah yes yeah let's go do the insane
asylum now right that's where we have to
do now because you guys love your guns
yeah we're gonna go play with a Ouija
board inside of abandoned insane asylum
and talk to the ghost about our marriage
what transition should I do let go is
1p8 you want a GTA this one alright
three two one zero
counterculture you can be posted exam
bar here all of these people right there
security our dear Anna palaces never
happened before badass but we still
going to go and makes it live it yeah
we're still gonna make it now what let
me did you about reconnaissance I was
training to be a Navy SEAL before not
buying damn it Roger brief done he knows
what he's doing
alright let's park in a new spot no no
the back entrance problem so where has a
new location the security already told
us we couldn't go in so we're still
going to go in it's just hard to stay
stealth and that's really to the eyes
okay so this the last time we were here
chance cried yesterday by right alright
there's the security and also lies that
we're here Erica got possessed by the
devil
so that was lit knowledge so when the
security are turns that's what we have
to run in squad sighs wait up I'm stuck
guys this place is hella creepy I'm like
turning my ISO up on the way this is
what it really looks like
nice the wall and watch our talking
board
yeah we should play here the first
question that you ship Tessa I found all
yes what's on there
I'm gonna die
Oh
okay
oh I scared of glazing yeah out of that
yeah I'm not many spies are scared
don't lie to do it okay I'll wear one
day come back here and play at the board
on this oh so spooky what
here Buster out of FSU we meet again
Ouija board zou zou zou zou couples
Ouija board married couple marry
marriage goals friend goals like what's
your name
oh I'll name is now do you shit Chetta
character
I get derecho pregnant are you evil have
you ever killed someone
zero China to try to get out and try to
get out that small sphere and count out
numbers and use numbers numbers figure
eight mama and mama you should buy right
now hey who do you want to kill
age Oh stairs happening fingertip
fingered antenna think more finger Hey
and Jim oh god Jim what is your name oh
my god his name is maybe I'll see how it
goes - OH
oh it sucks okay show us that you're
here give us a sign bitch
you don't hurt us oh yes this is a big
if we met you before
say he he
oh yeah she oppa the applause our will
doesn't get a divorce
no okay that's great difference we
should've all right all right
how many times will it take before Erica
gets bring it ah not very many then wait
for one hi one time we need one tie like
that's my boy is my merch selling like a
god Church looking like a hawk trying to
escape the danger I've had Dodger to God
only can I look through Oh compassionate
you look through the bachelors anyway
sheesh no no with me or let me see it
show yourself
all you
honey like I saw something on there no
you gotta begin it no you get it
organized or like water as to what your
eyes watery on we can look at oh it
doesn't like you yeah we do can I look
through Angela five
it's just like if a water around you say
not uncommon bad negative you would
different
I got to your the gels and you waiting
who are you with
that was an evil Elvis Lee a sport is in
the game ar e AR here's here's our
Clinton our ears
so he that's who we smear us all in here
though you're kidding anybody dream
operate okay are you here right now is
reality is a dumb question can you show
us where you are
watch out it the China disagree
we've got to the point we're just trying
to get out I should let no no no yes go
tonight because I should think about now
take your finger knock dinner oh we're
gonna dance gonna give me can they leave
no I want to ask our question those
those will release you if you let them
lead character and has to leave moving
take a box big enough that I would you
let me I just think about it are you
alright we're gonna let young and I've
researched this is the worst possible
thing we can do and we've literally had
diamond like I've cried we've slept in
the same bed because of this like we're
doing this
while we're changing camera batteries
you guys asked it to show itself the
shelter bro you guys acted to show
itself and it just ed get all yourself
again Rock gives you the book
it's a tears I'm blue in here right my
ear want to watch you just tell me that
you're here tell me that
where are you where are you how are you
weed you where are you from
no bro what dude I don't know one team
but like I heard that I heard I had a
little bit I heard something that I
looked and I've heard there's something
like there's something here and we let
it out dude oh let it go
where are you
and
you have um a
I'm going to use em you having trouble
no host have a drink now huh me dead
time between here bedtime now show us
that you're here can I look through the
Panch let
well make sure to buy our March that was
it bye guys
dear those three alone or us oh they're
going to the car
and we're going to touch the security
are they going to make it to the car I
don't know as far down what they say
what they top coming in closer where it
is by the objects with a process this
cop coming from where we came you need
to find another way out
it's looking for you guys I'm almost
positive
Oh
that's Coppola temperature dr. tech
phone he's talking to us we're never in
there we're never in there boys yeah
we're never in there did I tell you doc
submit to me both Transpac newbie people
it's written on all the fences business
and then your vehicle did leave in the
park too but I can actually be playing
zola County property at night can't be
here all of us thousand dollars of beef
and it's a misdemeanor on your record
probably alleging agents take off but
just know the business is a costly
current into the cents
thank you
you're the first on that we got away he
paid being an uncle pays off in more
ways than one
that was live his okay yeah and I was so
scared
Frankie no we just got chased by cops
security haunted people it's very nice
oh my god bye officers gonna let yeah
yeah yeah and he was like you're not
recording right yeah yeah yeah I vlog
everything it's every day bro
no there's no squad every day it's
everyone the cops just straight-up
following us also oh yeah so Rock don't
arrested a pop hey don't you arrest to
take ballers
oh now sorry sorry woo guys that was
absolutely insane thank you so much for
watching check out the merchant of iolo
gang Paulo's we out here fam hopefully
we're not on pace to be honest honest in
you think about that right now
full savage mode guys Jake Paulus I will
see you tomorrow we got some fun stuff
planned make sure you subscribe make
sure my post notifications on now we'll
see you tomorrow because it's everyday
bro
Bruce Jake Pollard's what stop and check
out this new March whoo that much is hot
boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 jerk see you guys
tomorrow
