guys we need to talk
team time no we gotta talk to the Jake
ballers get in here yo come on guys oh
hey guys wow this is amazing guys we've
never really been in one room surprise
we all made it here at the same time
Jake Pollard's first of all good morning
I hope you guys are having a great day I
hope you're smiling oh I'm Jake fall
this is the team tent house and it is
lit every single day bro today's video
is gonna be a little bit different you
know I was on set today for like the
most of the day and I was vlogging and
whatnot and then because I just got this
like weird feeling the past however many
days have been the craziest time of I
think all of our lives and I just like
for some reason I just was like I wanted
to remember and like recap and kind of
talk over all of the things that have
happened because everything happens here
so fast and life stuff changes like we
get married
he becomes an uncle
the Martinez twins can't speak English
and I want to do throw together a recap
of like the past 200 and something days
the Jake Pollard's okay shut up there's
been so many moments and special times
and I just wanna remember them so guys
here's a tribute to the Jake ballers to
the team Ted family and to its everyday
bro here we go 3 2 1 3 2 1
we've done a lot of dumb things
i J take you there to be my partner
Jake polish I will see you tomorrow
because Ed's everyday bra please hey
peace space Wow crazy oh my gosh truly
nuts like can we give ourselves a round
of applause
it's just so insane what we've gone
through together as a family and like if
you're new here like you're always
welcome to be a jig parlor and joint and
join the the team 10 fanbase and like
we're just getting started here guys but
I just want to say like how thankful I
am for each and every one of you clay I
could not do any of this without you
guys we which means we grow and help
each other on a day-to-day basis and
what we're doing is like truly special
like for a favor from the time you know
chants Anthea and I were making vines in
Ohio 15 years old with like no one
watching them to like moving to Los
Angeles starting team 10 and like having
having Erica like by my side like just
hustling every single day to like get
stuff done who is that I think you Tessa
to meeting Tessa on set of dance camp
like filming a movie together to
watching Tristan's content and just
being like oh my god and then it came to
a point where I was like yo we're
growing too fast I need someone to help
me grow with this thing I was like no
Nick okay and just continue to grow this
thing and then Kate and I were like yo
what's poppin we were like what's poppin
and we were like we're popping we're
popping and that's how it's every day
bro started like tributes like throw
this the first vlog in there we're
sitting there like I look like an albino
kid was amazing logging this is big guys
I'm gonna be daily vlogging actually
we're gonna be daily vlogging too then
Oh today meeting the loves of my life in
Spain is me in Spain oh I met like they
picked me up in the airport they're like
trying to talk to
I don't know what they're saying yeah I
go to their house in the middle of the
slums in Barcelona I slept on a bed came
the bed is like this big and it's
amazing to see how far we've come and
how hard each and every single one of us
works and I just wanted to again recap
that and I take a moment to cherish that
because like when you reflect you
learned so much more about yourself and
and you can cherish your life like my
favorite artist is Drake and he says I
wish I could go back in life not to
change things but to feel a couple
things twice and what we've done like I
would love to feel some of those moments
twice likewise on YouTube and so that's
what this video is about and just
cherishing the last whatever how many
days as a family
and so now I kind of want to like talk
to each individual and just share a
moment with them so I'm gonna I'm gonna
you guys have to go about I'm gonna
bring one of you back at a time right
three two what you guys wanna go first
come on bring a baron
the trio guys really fast we did it we
did it what do we do I don't know this
box of us three just like doing stuff
together there's somehow building like
something everlasting with each other
and like just living right as best
friends like we always talked about us
three like we didn't want to go to
college we do know how to do something
together right that's true alright so
that's why I want to remember the time
one of our old Minds together oh no I
don't know which one I'm gonna find on
the internet but check it I predict
Anthony and we're gonna catch a fish
spies we can't really react to it
because we don't know what it was but
oh I love you guys hi there's next okay
okay bro you've been here for every vlog
it's really not very stable vlog it
really is every day bro no other person
has been here for every blog that's true
to say bro there have been some truly
tough times truly literal dog all the
struggle plus but no one used to watch
these guys that's crazy
maybe cuz they think about you know just
because we're the strongest family on
YouTube now and like it started off we
were posting videos and getting like 10k
views dude I just looked the other day
we have one with 90k views still on it
no gosh you guys gonna go back and watch
it okay let's go back and what I
remember it's called like flying a drone
for the first time or somebody guys but
that just goes to show that just goes to
show like the thumbnail is also awful so
yeah that just goes to show though like
you guys are amazing it was a grind and
now you guys are amazing there's like
times a million of you well maybe a
little less than I'd like a lot more of
you yeah like a while and I want to
remember my like it was a vlog like a
couple days ago but it's my favorite
occasions upset roll the clip this
bonnie is blog we're both genuinely
crying laughing I had an ab workout
after legitimately like tears like there
was water on my face so you couldn't see
the tears the actual tears going for my
is great that's every day I don't spend
attorney
all right who's that you guys can
separate oh yeah you could separate
separate oh yeah I love you guys we
don't quit I don't get to say it enough
we've come so far
yeah you guys have come so far you
changed my life you changed my life
I love
don't think I didn't forget about you ah
I want to remember the first day the
first day I don't we learned that we
hung out together
I remember roll the clip we are here in
the middle of Barcelona I'm here with
the Martinez brothers Yvonne and Emilio
we met up we're hanging out here in
Barcelona and today we're gonna be doing
the learning Spanish challenge we did it
naya-a my foot no oh oh we're gonna talk
no no I mean yeah no I love you guys no
no we can't now you guys are good yeah I
got you fam all right good Oh oh snap
it's been a WoW
it's been a crazy time you can look at
the camera too if you want okay yeah you
don't have to just look at me I know
we're bonding the camera's not there
that's I've watched you grown up grow up
grow up you've watched me grown up yes
yeah and the future is so bright for you
Thanks and I just want to take this time
do I think the best moments we have
together is what I'm scaring you oh yeah
okay so we're all that Oh
okay now that you weren't scared that
time knows a fake yeah honestly Tessa I
love you Tessa is real you're doing so
well
no you're a work ethic is amazing thank
you see that kid
vlog okay no yeah I could get in here
you beautiful hey guys Weiss is gonna be
the best one for a little thing just
letting you guys Wow we have a lot of
memories together we do which I think
everywhere I want to start
yeah the moment we got married
Oh two weeks ago I mean it kind of
changed everything
yeah between us it did because like
there was like tension you know and now
it's just like we love each other
yeah Duke you know you know you're thank
you oh you're cute you're gay
yeah we're all a clip of when we got
married three two Wow Wow all right I
got to finish the video okay okay
I'll see you later baby okay okay go all
right okay that was the first high five
in a while
yes memories yes skits yes Wow we've
been filming together for a long time
now yeah we uh do you have a favorite
moment because I have a favorite moment
what's your favorite my hair is only
dressed as girls
Oh heels now it's old photos this that
was actually up there with my favorite
moments for sure roll it
we tell that dude pretty tell that I
really like that's when we develop the
skill set to wear heels I think ya know
we still wear heels all the time
yeah I saw off camera yeah like to
fentons yeah yeah we want to look
passionate but bro I love you and like
you're just killing down social media
and don't come I don't mean you wouldn't
cry yeah no okay
forgive me I like your marks Jerrica for
life Berlin okay let me get my aha
somebody please Hey Oh Nick come on Nick
everyone sit in that chair how are you
bro I'm fine how are you I'm doing great
good yeah t this morning nope did you
probably know jump on a trolley and no
okay yeah doesn't dub British people's
their doll again do you have a moment of
us yeah so even though it's terrifying
they are my favorite moments Tasers
they're so beautiful so beautiful man
and and you gotta catch two of you of
your taser you have to overcome it
mm-hmm but God Nick bro we're just
starting to grow this company and it's a
lot of work it is and all I think only
really like some of them understand but
like we understand they don't it's not
okay you know actually I will say is the
song that we did that pushed me so far
my comfort zone that's probably right
that's true it was let you you've
murdered it even though we got roasted
yeah but like 50% roast 50% loves it and
all I care about is the love so screw
the haters fist bump all right get out
Jake Paulus now it's just me and you
guys every moment that we have together
on this channel and together as a family
is truly special and truly memorable and
I can't thank you guys enough for
supporting me on a day-to-day basis and
the Jake Pollard's are the strongest
family out there on a day-to-day basis
we rep harder than anyone we're more
savage than anyone we go harder than
anyone we can't be beat baby that's just
simple as it is the Jake Pollard's know
it so does everyone else
it's the Jake callers against the world
they try to bring us down and we say no
I can do that again for you know if
you're new here if you're an old Oh G
Jake Palmer whatever you are I love you
guys seriously and I can't thank you
enough and I owe everything I have to
you guys if you want to become a part of
the true Jake polish family you got to
get one of these extra sweatshirts
another favorite one of my favorite ones
out there represent the family hard
always dabble in the haters work hard
baby smile push yourself to the limits
every day the vlogs are every day and
that's what I say but it's so much more
than that it's becoming a better person
every day it's becoming stronger faster
smarter every single day and living life
to the fullest every single day and
because of that guys are my
there and I will see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bro Italy
peace Jake Pollard's what's poppin check
out this new March that marches hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake vol 2 which you guys
can subscribe to right now and if you
want to see more content from everyone
in the house our group channel is called
team 10 Chuck see you guys tomorrow
peace
