you did a job oh it has been too long
since I've used you much gun yes
what the hell are you doing
ah good morning honey worst guns you
want some March I got hey hey don't ring
hi
it's just the merch gun I got you for
March like a mile high
that hurt well I'm sorry I'm sorry
that's not a very nice way play somebody
up see how don't you do you want to wake
them up the rest of the gang oh okay
okay here we go
reselling
oh gosh yeah thank you so mr. Spang good
morning guys to give money man uh like I
said like your Jay Paul merch like it no
I'm stuck going out there I don't know
what no no no no nothing wrote this
enjoy your poop how are you sweet cheeks
I like this case yep always plug that
was the most half-ass always like ever
you know I didn't think this whole
become that convenient but now I can
wake you up without even open your door
it's great it's so powerful I had to do
it oh we're bonding
Oh God right no fellas all you got nerds
- yeah yeah I'll shoot you in the face
all day
wait one Eriko we're still you're still
oh my god okay you know I'm gonna leave
you guys off you guys look like you're
having a dandy old time and good morning
Jake Thomas if you're new here I'm Jake
pop this is the team ten house that's
Erica you guys are the Jake Paulus and
it is every single day ruff make sure
you're smiling make sure you're dabbing
on them haters and make sure you're
working hard guys if you do that you're
going to be successful
how's your morning how just wonderful
thanks T you look wonderful
yeah I look great yes we got a crazy day
ahead of us or so say it with me let's
do it
I forgot you guys are here ready all
right you guys ready - yeah - there's so
much better out of later on and show you
the penis let me hit it in the morning
so to eat I'll push it to myself girl
gets himself is happy chicken quick
workout session baby Fitness is the
first stuff to greatness I look like a
sweaty boob right now so I'm a change
ready
Oh change gommage Erica March Lincoln
Bob I just did yo dude what are you
doing oh my god this is like dirt from
Derry bro I think we should test it
first I literally did this on Disney
Channel like what your rights are
shopping trolley
oh my god you got it
I don't think that's really thank you we
don't you are with your little vodka
your little little
you're gonna surf it yeah how would you
do it how would I wouldn't do it like
that is the dumbest thing I've ever seen
you don't even have a camera yeah I just
go do it the fun to see if I was able to
do it now that I think about it I'm only
going to do a few gimmick or pop tags
take pause I'm gonna give them four pop
tags because I really want Alan Lee who
has never been done already back through
oh okay okay chill chill chill social
Nathan you got a GoPro mistake the sunny
forehead oh let's do that I'm okay and
always about safety he's just gonna send
it dude
look at this yeah I know you got it yeah
he doesn't got it he really doesn't got
it this is actually in your bed right it
was at this moment at evening
okay
round three you stop if you want well
like you don't even you know have to do
this alright
that almost kills you every single time
you're done just done you're no more you
got this yeah alright imagine on your
side it looks good yeah if you go to
work that was on accident guys yeah I
think it'll actually work order with it
no let's call it a day I'm going inside
you can do it by yourself I'm going to
lay down babe you don't even need it
what what have you been doing alright
and do you say you want to get tackles
away ah oh it's cute it's cute she hit
her head excuse help you are you still
doing this so it's just embarrassing to
this point you mean what are you really
what do you mean what do you mean what a
little kissing there's no need no no
long it's just in the way of man you're
jealous I'm not jealous
it's clear that you're jealous I will
not jealous about look at how beautiful
shield I'm jealous because Erika's using
you cook Fame yeah I'm jealous
she is not all night what do you mean we
are bonded together as a soul you just
do that you don't just do that with some
random person you can't do that with
anyone do it with me then do with me
that Nick I do it with you if I go to
youtube channel with a million forwards
which is what she's doing that way you
know understand now guys I don't okay I
need backup guys and I was just about
ready to come in here my damn self
Nikki's angelic little British jealous
he's a jealous little British Elvis
Elvis Presley's all I understand what's
going on put you're under 50 you support
Jericho okay well you're all I think
you're lose you know and stupid look how
real that is what a joke a disgusting
you know everything for ya
yeah okay we'll see you later bye hey
your name qnet goose goose goose cool
you're cool is it alerts you talk to me
talk to me goose
talk to me good I love Nick we all know
we love never we want to be a part of
the whole thing you know like another
uncle you are though
he's like the golf ball this yours yeah
yeah yeah because I want mixed blessing
like we have someone in the house that
doesn't want the relationship to work
ah tension in it break and he's going to
sabotage it
and it's Eric anymore clothes he's gonna
be in his ear like mMmmm that's the
downfall everyone here this ready okay
you can call me a genius later or now
your genius
haha basically we're gonna Photoshop do
you know how you know how to Photoshop
I'm Katie I'm a man of many still Tucker
wear a lot of hats the leather coat so
you're gonna Photoshop I think that does
Erica's YouTube page is like deleted oh
gosh you see where this is going Joe
it's later in your ages and then we show
it to her and see how she reacts and
that way I know to like I'm gonna find
out too like I know we're connected at
the soul I can feel it if she thinks
it's the end of the world that's how you
know like yeah yeah she freaks out then
she's gonna then it's like wow amazing
Nick is right be like she said I kissed
you for nothing
yo no no it's not it's not equal that is
not going to go away all right number
number number it would never do that
Chad why would you even say anything
like that I'm scared this one of it does
go ahead no dad I gotta go hey could go
then they could go there
any work you start working on the
gondola unbroke no not once she reacts
the way we think she's going to yeah the
Nick will have to approve the marriage
yes he's just a dickhead he's always a
dickhead alright then he will open what
I want to scribble that's what we're
just going to make we're just gonna make
him a nice steak oh wait yeah done done
it's done check this out check this out
channel no laundry
oh and there's no videos no video do
subscribe you did it you did it you did
it okay till the rescue chef in uh-huh
we're gonna make oh my god oh my god
laughing did she really love you or not
scale because I'm like Emily and tested
in your head on YouTube Agata got the
uncle yeah something bad happen there
wrong oh yeah yeah I was showing
yourself
I want your channel right here most
weeks bog and this happens so let me go
how does that happen that you go to bed
sorry have you bought all your followers
on my tactic when I get it back I'll try
take me I mean you SLA contact me to
come you know having high interesting
that's just so disappointing Nick yeah
something to do with that thank you you
are you doing no no no I mean how are
you feeling right now
hello a fad yeah like Jelena harder with
waste of time
no I like it
gasps oh you should see how hard she
worked for that oh yeah I just learned
how to vlog like consistently but just
like the whole Jerrica thing was working
well no I mean it wasn't out for that
long
Jerrica story low confident girls being
around for that long
Jerrica still real without channel
really yeah I mean his channel still
were kind of like a power go so even you
mine I mean I love Jerrica Oh Nick do
hear that or shadow got the leader that
you still loved me yo she's babe mmm
good Nick just what this is just a
screenshot that I draft it up anyway
you know it's not about subscribers it's
about babies about the people babies
baby
thank you you won't have baby I mean
about our marriage yeah how do you feel
Nick if you just saw that happen and you
thought this is your moment
yeah what she could be on this know what
I'm not on this no you can watch the
vlog she wasn't in on it I'm here with
you knows I'm the whole thing the whole
thing make you lost well Bacharach is
real yeah I mean ribbit I'm so hot for
you right now I got the hot for now if
you calm down yeah you do baby you
should I turn me on so much baby
yeah these two cool neoprene so yeah
yeah yeah how do you know it's going on
you know
yeah yeah to be ongoing this is real
dude come on mid so Nick you're not
accepted maybe yeah yeah we're not going
anywhere
how does it mean always double check I
met Joe he was looking out for me we're
looking at one look at here's looking
out for me we're gonna groans no Gomez
aye
okay your ball talk is on my elbow okay
sorry
mm-hmm 20 minutes later okay yes yes so
you're probably like yo drink what's up
how does this vlog get any better
Wow so right now I invited Logan over to
our house because I have a huge surprise
for and what's that suprise cream no
thank you
fellow vlogger mates look at this guy's
the low gang taller Smurfs Oh nah is
done
wait wait this is just one boom simple
but hot boom let's check out this one
it's all my fault line
look at that it's half my merch has his
merch for your trains are suited onto me
I'll give you this one ready experience
to what there oh my gosh
but basically Logan doesn't know that we
both were like yo let's design loading
polar merch and so man we haven't seen
each other in a while and so I'm so
excited like for all the Logan Polar's
out there these are now on sale you can
literally get it right now go and do
that link in the bio but I'm going to
surprise Logan with it let's do it less
problem 2000 years later
no is it a fact that I'm a man with the
mic what it's not a member hey guys
what's up he has almost the same height
interesting I mean yeah I know we go way
back roll the clip
say hello to my little friend hi but now
he's my little friend oh so by charging
oh you know what well you want you to
walk down the stairs Oh where'd she go
she went in your room bro I'm in love I
told her not to talk to you why these
are like the same person you think I
would feel it no no I don't surprise for
you no I have a surprise for you wait
like a giant surprise 100 100 % surprise
unit does that surprise you I'm never
surprised for me you got married you
don't have a surprise for me where I
don't know you got married and I wanted
to get you something what what we did a
vlog here right now
Julie my lawyer wasn't totally happy
can't function without good bro
what if I repay this hey all right hi
Dracula's good okay okay
yo what happened I got to my black arrow
I've got to again I got you forgit I got
you welcome Erin hung out know why I
know bro right I married it did you see
it VidCon bro I got tackled security
guard you're married how I treated about
it - it was dope though it was dumb i
legit came over to congratulate you and
I do have a surprise mr. let's get it
going okay cool oh say hi your
brother-in-law not but you long them
that's enough yeah Thank You Anthony
well what do you do now I can see your
eyes
I don't know you're like look like
you're happy my smile that's like a bird
he's trying to act like maverick animals
okay humans are animals actually and I
drop that high school Tony we're showing
Logan how we do it at defense what you
gonna do bro look it's time to get those
surprises room I'm kind of nervous I
hate surprises hello are you going
I hate surprises okay pull up you this
is Morris a bunch of Erika Erika can you
come get my surprise in the car if you
can occupy just get it alone right you
can just get it alone right yeah you
guys know you're drinking strong so you
can come if you want kids being so
protective oh no I mean okay when you go
make sure that Nicky
rendezvous back here t-minus three
minutes three minutes got it okay he is
not ready for this is you're a good
brother noon I'm looking brother here
Lingam I mean mainly for the for the
logging polish but yeah Logan school law
yeah yeah what the hell
you're the help oh no what are you doing
no hi what are you doing go get a job
they took my what yeah no I got a
daughter what happened what happened no
what happened there was to get queens
come one squad brokers dude 20 what
happened what happened we mean what's
happened he acted like going always in
the truck he told her to go pick it up
he shoved her in so let's close the
charger and tackle me bro he can you
kidnap your own jean season this off
looking that oh my god hey hey come on
you know this makes you our hostage
which is great I mean it's terrible
put her in the office put on Argus I
like the daughter no let's watch with ya
she's really not gonna go anywhere she's
like four foot something don't you know
why just because I'm four foot eleven
doesn't mean I could get got it for sure
house is gone for sure we have Ayla I'm
Oliver sir about my wife how many
subscribers you have she does have many
subscribers he's gonna keep Erica hot
upon row one you took my wife bro where
were you got Erica hey are you okay are
you okay babe a babe is the air
conditioning on Hey yeah well do we go
or is that like more of a trap okay I'm
distraught right now bro what do we do
ro I don't know how I don't know what to
do right now yo
squad assemble bro uncle Nathan keep an
eye on her Erica baby
this isn't the end man
and I'll have until faster oh yeah beat
you up kids now the bait and switch he
was like it's in the trunk just reach
for and I was like I can get it out to
get it and I reached and get it and he
had pushed me out of the way and just
threw in the trunk and I was just
tackled bro come and then we'll get her
back
are we great yeah this poses go my wife
they have a boy he's got sledgehammer I
might be good to have just in case you
know we could put a hole in his wall
maybe yeah yeah we should bring that he
wants a Logan right now
yeah I don't know I say we sign her to
team ten that would be the perfect
revenge yeah you want to be signed to
team 10 okay first things first merch
let's get her in the market or please
stop walking around well I just wanted
to see him you know signing me to team
10m I know you guys are mean here yeah
we have that red whatever but you like
spending a lot of time with Logan did
you smell I figure smells he still
smells oh yeah Chism's got the
contractor ready you wanted want Jenni
and team 10 they could check in the
aptitude we through it all or if you
look special yes thank you I have to
because honestly like I don't know yeah
it was helpful I think you think this is
what Logan would want yeah yeah you
gotta make a hole in the wall
yeah you got it Oh Jericho horse oh no
just welcome to D Danny yeah March
put her in March put that on three Logan
this is because you left me here the
link is in the vial
wow you look good so much better than
yeah okay girl we have to go yo we're
going right now why did I not hear ya
okay she's already on team 10 - all
right let's go guys oh damn it we
ordered pizza and it's about to be here
damn it we're gonna be cold when we get
that out of your way for you to wait for
the pizza no we're not waiting we're
going okay so Beyla you know what we're
doing we have people hostage I mean it
happens a lot but I go with the Disney
Channel slow mellow music
no all the competition man oh my god I
don't works it works every time dope
oh no gang or Jake Pollard's well help
you but you guys are like a little like
I don't get it
oh snap I forgot the low gang Polar's
merch how am I gonna surprise him
took your one yeah and you left me no so
everyone's kind of mad at me I mean I'm
still logging pong are you a Logan
caller no not anymore
whatever are you yeah hi Jake
yo ha ha don't touch her Eric are you
okay oh thank god
maybe in the parking garage across the
street five minutes I don't do my screw
you know I got there a way to get Erica
yeah okay so when we're about to give
you back and we have Eric on why I'm
back run back and I'll go over the door
it will open it for you well we're open
yeah it should impossible style yeah
yeah well it might be with you guys are
you gonna make me fight no no no no and
you'll get like a million dollars on
YouTube in two days got a channel ah
cool oh that's a plan Hey now we have
two girls who can marry Mike if you
marry a Jake ball physics better
horrible screams no no man hey come here
yeah yes
yes they're married
uncle K so another blood another woman
uh yeah you really got to get back in
the car now you guys are married
I'm pickle juice that's when you run
back to us
here there there remember the word he'll
get rid of John okay you gotta do some
ankle stuff someone's gonna have to owe
me background that's why why put my wife
down excuse me
we're trying to have a remit hostage
negotiation sure let's rude hey good
news we have a new team ten member you
bastard you bastard
I got you bastard put me down oh I'm a
man you know let me down Erica that oh
my god back up they're gonna mediate in
the middle go let's go go go go go Oh
get in the car Justin she doesn't have
any subscribers yeah
no no just in wait let me out let me out
I want to go no just my wife hey
understand mmm mmm you got him King I
know I didn't come bouquets no no no no
yes I could no yeah it was no one's
fault you look so beautiful
are you mad at me I understand oh oh oh
my god yeah hey he's not alone got it yo
yo yo yo yo I'm gonna turn all the balls
on the backpack oh I don't know you can
tell me the dwarf
do we just yo you're sweating so much
John I'll handle it alone Drive leave I
just have a surprise I don't even know
bro are you good bro was it having you
tell me I don't know I'll do it a fair
trade off and then you went in Jake
called me dude that's like callers are
savages yo same with the low game still
got the hoodie okay
okay guys it's all cool it's over I'm
really tired
how are the pizza bro yes so this is
waiting for us back and take this off
yeah yeah look no look at the merch bro
it's a low game ballers ruh-roh that was
my surprise what that was my surprise
shirt take off your shirt
thank you Anthony and Ayla are married
as you'd also on Team 10 okay Wow here
we are on the floor getting one we got
the Jake Paul camo with the maverick
logo the loading logo and collars for
Jake posed by surprise bro I made low
game colours merch to prove I forgot it
at home
you made locating Polar's merciful prove
it broke oh hi cowntess
Joe come on camera mugs so we got the
low game polish mercy girl I had a plan
I don't know what your plan is that's
available on my site a my is available
on my site if someone is in the low gang
and they are a Jake parlor there can be
a low gang Paul oh my god give me a
chance to you two yeah yeah actually
kind of a dope name I got like hold on
we need to go to a cinematic sequence
with voiceovers yeah I think that I
don't ever say all the camera not super
hit enemies come and go haters come and
go but at the end of the day your family
will always be there with you to support
you to hold your hand to skip down a
parking garage thingy all dramatic and
look really dope and kind of cheesy but
still pretty dope at the same time
family is the most important thing we
have
and we should always learn to stick
together with your family because at the
end of the day they will always have
your back
yes the Jake Palmer's are strong yes the
low gang is strong but there is no
greater family than the low gang haulers
during the family today
all right there was advertising bravo
Bravo morcha link in bio huh don't know
Moscow nothing like voiceover yeah oh
yeah happy so like at home I'll live
yeah no I'm good we're gonna make a joke
now I took it I took it just hi guys we
got the voice before the harsh link in
bio in the description I mean thank you
oh my god I love you I searched miss you
like I'm sorry that he kidnapped you I
don't know is gonna happen or a
luxurious kidnapping a rose water we
play was calling for a little bit no
I'll go because we got a backhaul most
got like it was my fault
I guess oh there's no water usually when
we start crying likewise hey guys hey I
got a scooter yeah you want a scooter
together I'll go on the back I like it
from the back so what we learned today
is to always do voiceovers I with slow
motion and uh yeah whoa Oh what we
learned today is that your friends will
always have your back and that uncle
Kade is the absolute dealer and that
these slow-motion shots are just very
dramatic and emotional but no matter
what god I'm saying gosh anyway dick
polish today was absolutely lit and as
always I will see you tomorrow because
it's everyday bro please check out the
merchant like a model Jake Pollard's
what pop and check out this new March
ooh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited-time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
