basically I want to clear the air and
tell the truth about members leaving
team 10 day 2 blogging at the team 10
house with no videographer nathan is
sickly in bed no videographer no food if
you knew here my name is Jake Paul you
guys are the Jake Pallas and yachts
became a part of today's journey now let
me explain some things because you're
probably like why was this kid dying at
the intro of his vlogging what is going
on bro here's the deal
and it's a big deal nice basically I
don't have a videographer you saw
yesterday I was like running around
nathan is sick he's about to die in bed
there's no food there's no water we're
all gonna die my gosh today is actually
a crazy day look at this I got aa
yellow camo pants who doing it cuz now
you're killing the fashion game setting
trends that's just how the Jake ballers
do it you already know we got the
hottest march in the game the red job
just happened guys during the family
smash that subscribe button right now
but yo you know it's a crazy day when
Erica and I like get into a fight like
it within the first 10 minutes of like
waking up we already got into a fight
guys I'm about to show you that in a
second but yo it was a fight it was a
fight fighting do you want to stop
fighting so cute and cringe super cringe
right yo guys people are rolling and the
whole Dyer Squad is here welcome to the
team tenant house
that is the squad team 10 the strongest
team on YouTube that is a fact it's
statistically a fact but also joining us
today guys is a Jada barber you guys are
probably seen him before where you going
you keep I'm backing up stop backing up
come here you're really close we like
that if you don't know Jada barber I
mean first of all what are you doing
guys he cuts everybody's hair Drake Jake
Paul
yeah he cuts our hair I mean no one
really cares about Jay Paul or teen Dan
but there is Drake bro you cut his hair
but I want to talk to him on the phone
love Drake broke my hotline bling' what
do you got strawberry oh you did the
same thing why why does everybody have
these drinks this one's yours which
one's mine does it have almond milk in
it no it's Joe yesterday guys she put
almond milk in my drink let me get the
camera angle let me get the camera angle
let me get the camera angle oh my god
okay the camera angle there's what
there's goats are you I kind of like you
I'm good guys I'm good how's my hair
sometimes they look like Donald Trump
China like I was saying the channel we
are not having the camera man I almost
died this morning you saw it in an intro
but I yo if you heard what Erica just
said this is a good one you put your
vlog belts on guys you're a part of
today's rollercoaster journey but yo she
said do I still have to call you daddy
so for the rest of the day she has to
call me daddy who's come on me daddy
good but there's actually a reason why
she has to call me daddy kind of
elaborate it's super funny
those are both facts and it has to do
with Armani and Eric over here Jada
barbara has nothing to do with it but we
still love you and I'm are you still on
the phone with Drake or what no okay
anyways see that that's what you need to
be on ok she's leaving her usual what
guys there's the reason why we're
fighting it there's a reason why she has
to call me daddy
I'm confused do we definitely fighting
she punched me in the face it's like a
big fight reality Ryan follows us around
if you want to watch the fight here it
is I'm the only person in this house who
doesn't have a room so our money and I
came up with an idea that I should for
sure have
vanity in the house what do you need to
know don't start what you're the one
that starts it no no no no no come on
beau get over here with me you can't do
that here's the deal
come on cross on up Sabine cross arms
yeah we got a staple gun oh so the
situation is Erica wants to have a
corner of my bathroom and build like
this whole elaborate thing in there
here's the deal and it's a big deal
Erica came to me and said yo Armani how
can you help make me the dopest vanity
ever which by the way if you stay lit
y'all got to get lit that's all I do so
basically this vanity has to go in
Jake's room how crazy can we go in her
corner of the bathroom did you just say
her corner is in her side
also wait so now it's her corner yeah
when did wait hold on
when did it become her corner Jake
looked like he was kind of mad at me cuz
I was like approaching in with Erica I
think I got wrapped up in some drama
that I wasn't about and she's being rude
to me like yo you're coming at me
crooked girl I'm not gonna button let
you do anything up in my bed a girl
honey no I don't do that you think I
won't wear me know we know we know that
you not wear makeup right now so you're
being mean to me honestly I have no idea
what the argument was about or where it
came from I think I was just in the
wrong place at the wrong time you
ditched me yesterday and now you want to
build a whole elaborate thing in in my
bathroom I'm looking over at our money
our money goes on Erica's side I was
like yo yeah what do you owe money what
are you what are you doing though so I
feel like after it's done like even if
he is mad at me now one you got to get
called daddy for a whole day which daddy
that's pretty funny and then two when
I'm done with it it's gonna look sick
and he knows that and he'll be like
super stoked on it and so Erica and they
that's that's just good for business I
don't care you guys can build whatever
you want and you know what I leave you
can even call it you can even call it
your bathroom what do you didn't even
call it you're better but there's a but
oh there's a but I was you could do
whatever you want but but you have to
call me daddy he said that I can do
anything I want if I call him daddy for
the whole day I think it's worth it what
I guess oh did you move me Oh kill me
your daughter
oh come here daughter wait here you
don't
she said she says daddy wait yeah wait
did she say I was stupid no she said it
oh I'm freaking out but she did call me
daddy
it was bad kind of weird but respects
our yeah cuz thank you see that is what
she has to call me daddy for the rest of
the day what I don't get though I'm not
trying to fight like either but you are
I don't know I'm not yes you are I
literally dressed up as you yesterday so
that I can understand why you get mad at
me it's roll the clip I'm dedicated to
this Erica mrs. Gucci you look you look
hot thank you yeah oh thanks it's
Valentine's March banjo don't go back
Celeste Jake follow dad what do you want
me to call you I think of a really
cringe like girl names did you say honey
you call her Erica I call Anthony
this is what happens at the team 10
house guys 15 year-old Justin Roberts
with his cute little curly hair and
Armani with his with his gum probably
and and they're doing business you know
I don't know if I could so I can't show
it
Justin is giving this room customized by
online a lot is going down there's
construction America yeah what do you do
we broke it down you guys got more
smoothies you have another one prepared
for us bro
come on I know you've got this cuz he's
got this what's it I got this I don't do
he's got it what's my name
he's letting me build whatever vanity
I'm walking his brother hey daddy
what can I build keep on calling me
daddy you can build whatever you want
oh it's the wallet mmm that is your
almond milk coffee from yesterday
what what what kick him in the balls
Oh oh my god
I made out with the power side of I I'm
seriously we have to get back to our
point of construction everything is
getting constructed here at the team tan
house we got basketball courts going in
and stuff like that it's gonna be a lot
of fun and even more construction just
in case you guys have forgot I
constructed these all Red Hood ease for
you guys for Valentine's Day it's
February check your calendars you
already know guys it's a community it's
a squad but if you order in the next
like 72 hours I'm gonna be putting this
here fort into one of your guys's orders
and if you get this heart in the mail
that means that Erica and I are coming
to spend Valentine's Day with you guys
so join the contest might not win but
think about if you did pack can I Drive
it again
see ask instructions phone that was so
dope yo that was dope right yeah Cool J
de barbarac we actually had to do
construction on our new little box thing
here it's kind of my fault bro it is his
fault and the reason why we had to do
construction is we order this pizza
chance order this pizza and the guys
backing out of our driveway and runs off
honey no honey now we have it all on
camera
almond milk roll the clip
well the guy runs it over and then he
just dips you
he just is like y'all I'm out are you
kidding me right now huh
want my money back i'ma knock every
single one of y'all out and that's not a
threat it's a promise fact I'm just
kidding guys silence is not the answer
it's always the solution just knock them
out but how are you doing what do you
mean vlogging don't talk to my blog
right what was I saying oh yeah Oh
construction there's so much
construction going on at the team ten
house one there's like random guys up in
the office building stuff I don't know
what's up guys cool super dope so much
is going on guys I'm sorry I took the
video camera from you I'm trying to vlog
myself screw you Nathan well who
constructs your hair because I was
thinking about it and I was like you
know Jada barber cuts Drake's hair cuts
all these celebrities hair cuts
Anthony's hair which like cuts yeah who
cuts your hair
yesterday I was in LA and I got a
haircut this guy felt like all this
water on my head for no reason all this
all except spring did you have a video
of it yeah well the clip I'm sorry for
your experiences like you don't have a
good barber row I'm looking for one all
of you guys have barbers and I don't the
main thing I'm concerned about right now
is how cute Nick looks
I'm about to have some real fun
staplegun huh
oh no you stay ready you don't gotta get
ready Gino Armani Oh put the staple gun
down put the staple gun down you want to
do this the old-fashioned way
yeah all right we're gonna do this the
old-fashioned way
Valentine's Day
okay guys wait are you talking about
something and guys the reason we need is
talk well something was brought up today
actually
Erica basically came up to me for her
vlog kind of like randomly and asked me
a question do you miss any old members
of team 210
do you miss any former team ten members
it got me thinking like I never usually
think about like team ten drama or like
old team ten members or whatever but it
brought up like a bigger kind of point
where I wanted to address something
because we've never addressed it before
and I feel like it's needed and I feel
like internally like I wanted to address
it just because it was on my mind and
like I'm always just putting stuff out
there and saying what's on my mind like
air guitar oh thanks chance looks like
the Ice Age dudes I say it every day
basically I want to clear the air and
tell the truth about members leaving
team ten facts what's that fact you are
and like this video isn't meant to stir
up drama however like I never talk about
drama and I never like snap back to any
like haters or whatever but I feel like
this is good to get off my chest so
start off team ten guys is an incubator
essentially people come in to team ten
we help incubate their careers and blow
them up grow them from you know however
many followers they had at the start to
what you see them at today that is 100
percent team ten yes those members are
working for it yes you all worked for it
but it all started for basically
everyone with team ten like even when I
started team ten like I wasn't as big as
I am today and so team ten has been a
pupil huge part of my career and and I
think everybody's career basically it's
my career yeah you know same same same
some people can't admit that but but the
point is is that it is an incubator
if you guys are incubators think of a
duck tank a duck egg gets put into an
incubator it gets warmed up a couple
months later it hatches and then the
duck goes off on its own and lives it's
duck life probably is gonna get eaten by
a wolf still the wolf is beside the
point however a wolf is the wolf is
Hollywood sometimes but guys the point
is team 10 is the same thing it's an
incubator people come in they grow they
hatch out of their shells and they go to
and do their careers
now some people stay with team time
during that time some people go and want
to go off on their own but it doesn't
necessarily mean they're not a part of
the team 10 family like we still got
percentages though some residuals but
the point is is that publicly they don't
want to like be a part of the team or so
y'all thought the truth is team 10 is a
family and a lot of the times the family
makes the decision as a pact on who is
going to be in the team and who isn't
going to be in the team and sometimes
people just don't fit within the team
they have different goals they want to
do their own thing there might be drama
you know like whatever it is like
sometimes things don't click you know
who knows each person is different but
it is myself
Nick Crumpton and some of the business
people that are the ones that are
noticing that and that are the ones that
are making the decision to be like yo
that person isn't really vibing that
person isn't really trustworthy that
person probably won't be here a year
from now and so why not just let them go
do their thing which is what we do and
being the nice people that we are we
realize like yeah that person like
really isn't down for team ten like
they're kind of cocky like whatever it
might be they're not trustworthy or
maybe just is a completely separate
thing and it just doesn't make sense
business-wise or maybe we just mutually
come together and have an agreement on
like hey we talked to them and and in
the back of their head they didn't even
think that they didn't want to be on
team ten but we like realize it because
I'm a business person Nick's of business
tours and this is what we do we realize
those types of things and I'm creating a
business here that's where team 10 is
incubator and so I don't want to have
somebody on my team that visit 100% down
I would say like 75% of the time it's
team ten making the decision to have a
member leave
team ten so it's kind of like a reverse
we let these members make videos like we
don't mean I don't care they don't care
it just it just makes it team 10 grow
even more and like we're getting
percentages on the video so they make
videos thing that they're leaving team
10 when I've just been putting this out
there into the air that 75% of the time
that is not the truth now there are the
rare occasions where everything kind of
like blows up and out of control and
yeah we get that value out of yeah but
the majority of the time it's the
internal members making a decision to
tell another member that like hey like
we don't think this is right and we
should go our separate ways that we let
them do whatever they want making a
video this doesn't mean I'm like dissing
these people like they were on Team 10
at one point because they're awesome
people they're all talented they're
gonna you know so that's the reason like
why you guys see some of these videos
online that's the reason why I like
people make those videos and and that's
the reason why I'm 10 sometimes gets
smaller and smaller and smaller but
internally we just get happier happier
closer and closer and closer and
stronger and stronger and I think this
is just the start for team 10 as an
empire and like I call this space - this
is like the base - this is like where we
have created the loyal right people that
are ready to take this business to the
next
cap yourself some of the hottest routes
to a game the Valentine's merge guys
it's five yard
forget about our contest we might show
up at your house so get it before it
sells out ready might show up at your
house
smash that subscribe button and join the
songs team on YouTube and I will see
y'all tomorrow because it's everyday bro
pretty join the everyday bro movement
people and calc your self some of the
hottest urged in the game go right now
because the take collars sell everything
out and smash that subscribe button and
join the most let YouTube channel on
YouTube I'll see you all tomorrow
