here we go they're ready they're ready
I'm super nerdy I was gonna say like I
just really wanted to go right like I
love from Erica so my uneven we're ready
this is what I wake up here
Oh John wake up hi hi good morning
morning how are you I've had like four
cups of coffee for Sophie coffee I've
never been woken up before well there's
a first for everything I know that I
like it all wait we could still wake
everyone up this another vlog starts
guys up get up we got things to do
should we wake them up Gianni Agnelli we
should put more holes normal no come on
in Jake walls taking me Thursday entire
I feel like this we good wake them up
hang on good good uncle Mason right
there
we're already up and Adam look at us
good morning yeah yeah that's fine
oh we're about to wake up the ratchet of
course you know gonna do a little
renovation Oh more renovations haha no
you don't like the renovation I mean I'm
a renovate your thing well go in a good
way okay that's fine
yeah that's enough that's a move that's
called a Frogger guys ready all right
that's right
hey hurry up she's still our combination
you know a nurse
you ready for some renovation Oh always
bug linking by oh okay right yeah yeah
Oh looks great on this side even when
the door is closed
No
it's like a window here's Johnny this is
great it's like we're ball bondage
welcome to Jake palms DIY channel make
your ball
be careful now oh hey good morning guys
oh you should okay just right in to
spend like that bug buzz not crooked
yeah
I'll just say I'm just like done oh
you're like to take Paul March oh they
want to go into my room if they want to
go into my room okay you don't want to
mess it well that makes it better
whoops good means it was an accident see
now we're good right you can sort that
it's like yes George I got a people
neighbor hey neighbor
okay we can see everyone naked how did I
get shirtless I don't know so the poles
could be closer yeah hey guys how you
doing like good we're doing great
you know I mean it's like a pass-through
didn't say anything about June anyway -
or TJ Paulo what is going on guys if
you're new here I'm Jay Paul this is the
t10 out and it is let every single paper
make sure you smile and make sure you're
dabbing on them haters make sure you
guys are working hard guys hard work
beats talent and uh and that's not to
get a little fun day ahead of us just
getting started let's do it
yo
here's Johnny
now you're just prank you guys through
this hole Oh smoke bombs and stuff do
this this is amazing I'm happy I know I
said let's do this thing and then I
didn't go to transition so now let's go
okay so after yesterday's series of hood
you probably would expect me to be mad
and I understand yeah and I was Marga
are you most fear emotionally okay
see yourself can be mad with opposite
I'm very hopeful I'm very hopeful so I
got to go hey you got to get what is
this belong so let him go okay what is
that uncle Kane never folded it together
before now it's a great time start Oh Oh
baby you're going Wow you imagine I can
imagine
Oh coconut it's a little bit small for
you well that's the thing it's not for
me it's for jr. a little guys fault
yeah mmm you know what else it is
actually I do
Oh get up girl good on me
here take it off you doing approaching a
very special date no no no we are
approaching it is it's our one-week
anniversary
oh it's on one we go yeah okay
after we could have yeah it's great like
usually have kids after week which is
why yesterday is understandable to the
pranks that we date no so now look how
hot she looks interesting
okay you guys told YouTube it was a
prank but I'm hopeful that a might not
even have been a full prank and maybe
it's still the real thing anyway your
family did they have babies after a week
some members yes so remember zeroes with
babies usually one of the big one
parents told me I was an accident see I
was expecting it come on you look good
yeah go take it for the kids Inc food
come on now I got it
all of it snaps or not oh it will
support you now
oh I see what is it I wasn't put
together I didn't put it together
prophet there we go
the hood like I said if I can't sit this
is okay okay if you're sure it's broke a
little bit oh they don't need a sunshade
can babies look better okay you're great
just a baby probably like uh okay okay
all right hey you know I can get to
another yeah I'll get you a bigger one
yeah you know what it's my fault because
you're probably have twins right so I
just I need to have to it I love tribes
and you had no I'm thinking okay my
brother could you something special for
the one-week anniversary as also chances
Anthony's one-week anniversary or is
that chance Nancy chance and Tessa so
after the attesa just like remind the
other guy double date one double date
let me set it all up
you guys don't lift a finger double
muscle I'll get organized well I have to
come with you till you're going on the
date man yeah no but I need a blog it
okay
yeah mobile comm family like I didn't
touch anything
no I swear you like you're so sexy that
Louie just turned into an action movie
model shot oh are you sucking up today
for the for the one week
what's up uncle Mason what are you doing
over there
he's just creeping in the corner with
the camera uncle things you were doing
that to at the wedding at one point I
was doing that same thing it's just
recording stuff yeah yeah you guys look
great though
don't mind me oh my gosh thank you do we
approve of this well everyone's just so
family-oriented now yeah we should just
turn the team tends a lie everyone's
channel in the Family Channel yeah
here's had a baby
I'm table without Poneman yeah yeah yeah
I'm the big boner
everyone's got a toner toner I just
realized there's a serious problem okay
now I am it's not all my problems we
gotta fall back yeah Erica yeah
wife what are you wearing
if you it's really cute you look sexy
Erica and your legs are showing and your
underwear that is your underwear Erica
big problem you have to get like this
close to be able to see that and guys
are gonna try and do that you're famous
you're good-looking you're funny they're
gonna come after you and I can I need
that covered up they're gonna get that
close to me yeah okay right yeah I mean
key you can second that everyone will
I'm not changing
no marriage about is about compromise
guys are going on today you both have to
put something a little lighter on well
change before the day but I'm not
kidding right now yeah yeah you are then
you change you have holes in your pants
girls might see your thighs you think
you're funny huh yeah you're Vegas it's
out you can't wear that if that's if
that's the decision you want to make
then I fully respect it neither of you
can wear what you're wearing right now
so what would you know we have your
shopping now it's like that so we had to
go shopping
Oh buy outfit for the date together
tonight that's actually good idea but
I'm down I'm down while you're gonna go
in public with that we're gonna go to
the store and I'm gonna get you new pins
and we're gonna buy outfits for the date
okay that's a compromise that's perfect
here's I don't like this okay yeah you
know I'm gonna put tape on it while we
go in public that's it okay
okay well I won't look at it man this is
getting out of hand
I thought on the ground but I need
there's a stand-up Sue's uncomplaining
mom set up marriage what all right so we
are here at the Grove
I got Erika all duct taped up no one can
look and she duct-taped me my little
mini hole we're safe now also look at
this tours bus oh we're back oh fuck my
ass
oh hi Arthur where you guys from have
fun in LA a lot of other assholes what
you didn't do don't look at her oh Jesus
you usually look at my wife now
yo Jake you can't begin to jealous bro
well I'm not jealous I'm just protecting
her know everybody's gonna look at her
she's hot
I mean not yeah I know we're friends
yeah okay yeah but I know it's okay so I
got a chill yeah you got the tape on if
you're good bro Michelle did you just
look at my wife no did you say whatever
you know bro no don't look at my wife
because you're look at my wife let me
know put it down on the land no I'm a
man let me now alright I'm fine I'm done
I'm good I'm done told me not see don't
look at my wife you better not look at
my wife hey what driving them all
married okay I think I think this is
good the very unassuming it'll actually
deter guys well I like that I got a
whole hanging pie with leggings
maybe sweatpants underneath that with
those shoes you're not feeling it you
know honey I want you to feel
comfortable okay so not this one
whatever you want okay come on
oh no I mean that yeah Erica I think
this is very formal and yeah heading for
a date it'll cover everything I just
have to put something here as well hey
yeah definitely yeah you look really
good I just got to wear another steady
we'd wear it like all the way up Wow
cover I guess America arm you know
lightly really funny Pucci look yeah the
top oh that's good Heather so too sexy
and oh now it's cute no no it sounds
like we're getting somewhere but where
ruffles and not a schoolteacher I mean
you could be a schoolteacher I could
just we just like fantasy Oh got it but
not in this dresser called echo no no I
like this one you know like that babe
unassuming so the guys don't come up to
you what do you mean it's like I'm
pulling teeth here I feel like I'm
pulling teeth huh don't make me make you
see Erica gee you're already making one
I don't care okay
is this the same call don't come out
guys this is best don't actually can't
be filming in the store right now oh
I'll tell me okay this is a camera yeah
this is the cameraman another go you can
see you have to you cannot do that oh no
I'm not filming at all it's rapid photos
are you like that one money yeah we're
gonna choke
boom yo so we just got kicked out of
that store for sure how was it Arizona
good yeah so I didn't be even gone to
your arm a minute but uh are you ready
for our double date oh I'm gonna be the
waiter I'm finished single and lonely
can't be the stripper yeah this is a
great restaurant welcome to the team Jen
restaurant huh strippers and Tony but
you do know why we're doing the double
date right did we talk about this I
forget been a crazy yo I guess our one
week anniversary
oh wow I'm being a big old afro yeah you
didn't know that
oh wait yeah you did know it yeah I did
do that you was doing it for the vlog
haha yeah there's a cake ever watch it
yeah rock it watch it watch it she
doesn't watch yeah okay okay you said
earlier that makes one person one person
doesn't watch in the hall yes I'm not
very good anyway oh yeah we're going to
order postmates and then actually we
made it yeah yeah I mean nosy but Stan
what did you post with any pasta would
be too hard to get them I don't know
right we'll figure it out this is going
to go on to a transition value three two
one go
you
all right so we gotta make it look like
we bought them food or anything in
Italian girls love Italian let's do the
I order some food I get to - bro you
want some food yeah yeah we always
forget the waiter yeah okay let's go all
order action beaches I'm adding that on
next three to order
oh so fast it'll be here in 30 minutes
Bobby Bobby gold okay
okay already brought dad yeah good good
don't worry okay I'm ready
yeah oh yeah that doesn't sound like the
bowstring Tony don't go to the we're
good at running high roars no go do it
but always when we're all together
you're the waiter do you think we'll
ever see him again
when that actually makes them food no
there's a lot of people out there but I
don't know I think we'll see him again
realistically yeah I was coming I'm
hoping we don't but we should be totally
like brood and while he's being our
waiter fetch fetch like where's the
water
cool wait of doing there in my room okay
we're good I'll just make it to Holland
go go where'd you even get that that's
great that's great
oh my gosh I'm excited no this looks
like it's going great I'm just sitting
here because I'm trying to turn it I
think how you'll feel great you don't
feel like leaves the whole thing to help
you guys out a lot can trust me I've
already got plans for where I'm gonna be
what I'm gonna say I'm already too tall
that's my boy
yeah I got a lot of bandwidth uncle it's
a lot of bandwidth is my boys got a lot
of bandwidth okay here we go
they're ready they're ready I'm super
nervous gonna say like I just really
want it to go right like I love Erica so
my I don't even know if we're ready you
guys are fine Chris I'm ready
those exact it's though Wow can we talk
about them
Lincoln bio greedy man we're ready for
you all right all right depart let it
out now
all right good job good job could you
heat it down now you wanted to do it
during dinner it was you can just dip
all right you pick people I part Hey wow
you look gorg eyes look amazing oh yeah
are you guys are trending that's so cute
hi oh wow come on
hope you like all that you guys smell
that yeah congrats on your finest
restaurant yeah wish the rest of the
problem how are you guys doing this
evening
yeah good welcome to the teeth on
restaurant Mama's lap I'm gonna be
sitting over there I'm gonna help you
out what else you're holding oh oh he
likes again yes I thought that was my
life
hey you know I didn't know that
we need a lighter okay yeah please
there's a light rail is modelizers so
you guys can just relax in that I drew
back to the trio stuff okay someone
called me yeah a little bit salty you
guys know him no yeah I do yeah I think
he's a good waiter I'll handle gate and
hey guys I just rolled up those workouts
oh no yo that's it hey you guys like I'm
just I just want to say really fast like
it's amazing to have you guys as wives
and I just can you get your butt out of
my shot thanks it means a lot the past
week is over week anniversary
and this past week has been it's really
touched my life that's Twiggy you're
like top three okay yeah cause I put in
order fest yeah
no pops and then one main company I
think you are I started with waters just
sort of audience the thing is is like
it's about the experience
and they dropped it but there's other
people about the people other people
that were with hey thank you
maybe not so first a new use ears better
way to thank me that could you leave
that for sure thank you this is the
table oh man look at that movie because
I was one with video is going on you're
into it it Oscar Penelope water Liam
think pasta right yeah pasta it's pretty
big here in the menu is all okay thank
you like oh this is one of the best
going good he doesn't have a shirt on
anymore oh okay
any place put a shirt on what Ray's
doing a great job
look I don't need this right now no no
no it's that this is our this is the
team Pat restaurant lookout
disrespectful this is all right I'm fine
that's up if you please have silverware
oh come on oh geez you know the wife
knows yeah great my wife knows the game
that means is doing great wait wait
watch and I'll start okay that's good
that's a good move I call them up I told
them if you pull the lady in the Tramp
before rowdy boys who ordered the
hosting fool me cancel get a chance and
jiggle okay okay take a walk
please vegetable stock okay oh sorry
oh my god he's new and shocking yeah
yeah I brought back the place honey
please can you believe this event help
oh great thank you and congratulations
Wow okay new merged eyes Jericho
Penelope don't look
yeah congratulations guys really make me
suspect like I might go get for anything
like just know I got some in mind is
there prevent those are thank you
awesome maybe just maybe just lie to me
well those are those april.abate and
they can talk and complex government
come on let us let us have some
conversation if there were cold you know
feels like to be let out I'll put some
things up anything
how much money do you want and then have
to go to another restaurant if they
don't leave okay calm down I will
literally disrespect who is saying the
bill me when we we were just talk now we
were just trying to do something great
goes up nothing
ah yeah it's really hot those guys will
be bothering you anymore tour update
thank you wow he's doing a great job
quite the hoping you got there let me
know where you're talking okay we're
husband gold you know I'm sorry you want
to you know me right let me just say I
think this is lovely
they're just take this yeah yeah take
you have that one and please please we
can give you sleaze you never go back
here to take that and that's it than
ever I'm going to move your stuff
downstairs use that chat all about all
about it all you want
no that's already been some you look
great never mind hungry agent I want
everything to go right because you're a
perfect I want everything around you to
be perfect are we hunting that well
I'm joking then you - should I just get
one long noodle yeah it's really not as
romantic as it looks but you guys to try
it oh yeah both no chemistry they broke
that means that there's no chemistry
oh that's bad fine not yet
you just let it out
I hold down the X pound didn't sound on
the burger
by the way you can eat up a buncha
submit and you'll still look what it
means good enough what they're about to
make out why oh I don't know what's
happening yeah they're like I told you
they were gonna make out soon look at
that form that's where I taught him that
it is a little bit of thought I told you
we're spicing it up a little bit Oh Jake
did this on purpose
it's the classic blender pasta marinara
chicken stock take your jeans off new
also taught them that it's all they have
plan this out that's not cool man
I would never do that good base for
flour their own shots they're definitely
done yeah those are mine no no there's a
new ones that yeah yeah what we tie well
I mean if you're wearing it sure like
that like that you're kind of like hey
and look at them I'm gonna be no I don't
think I was doing that no you weren't
shut up
wait I'm just trying to go on a date
with you I said I want to be married
yeah you need to get did you say you
wanted to go that day with her no I said
I just want to go on it's very easy to
frame someone a bad guy in the situation
this is bullshit I really I'm trying to
being my right now today this is me
trying to save you all your table subway
unless I talk about how he has it's in
their profiles game knowing he knows my
photo on my phone right and you don't
have it so I want to talk about shaving
then I don't know what I can do at this
point
anything you need it calms down all of
the trying to do come watch is that
making my record time I'm computer same
cool it looks like it's going great if
you're not going to appreciate it
because I'm doing my best
so mistakes happen honestly and only
forgive me is none of mistakes happened
you guys are being sarcastic asshole
knows everybody I'm being the best I can
I'm done I'm being the best person that
I can and I'm making mistakes I'm not
perfect I tried to kiss our satin
lasagna I'm not perfect I make mistakes
damn it
hey Jake okay time to see ya so I had to
get up and go to the bathroom yeah yeah
a lot of water people new black on cars
do you think I like time you messed up
really bad
tell them you black do you remember
anything no you just want to go get you
want to go you didn't do something else
sir yeah walk money fresh your memory
yeah okay I shall say that you guys are
an amazing couple I think I just want to
take this moment Erica yeah I am the
luckiest guy in the world to be able to
be called your husband okay and I need a
few points and no starting points we're
not telling what I'm fearing on my mind
judge can I have this moment please and
any guy would be so lucky to have you as
a wife and me like what did i do - I
think you're just insane coming home and
I'm sorry like I'm this is I'm new to
this you know about you guys you guys
are amazing amazing
is it like our first double date yes it
went really well you go well okay
II
hi hi the date went good right kinda
kinda I mean it was crazy yeah well Jake
polish thank you so much for watching
guys we love you as always check out
that new merch in the mile we will see
you tomorrow because it every day bro
peace up Jake Pollard's what's poppin
check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
