okay guys like you know put ammonia to
make different water get us some water
we're gonna do stuff today
I know hey mad at me still no no I don't
have to you we I go to the gym I just
gonna be like four men oh oh she's
playing oh come on in Jake walks away :
whoa we are here at the gym squad squad
squad couples that fit together stay
together
right I think so right yeah yeah you
know fathers my boy don t like don't
Tony like they could do some squats on
the booty or something like that
I got you let me work on his arms yeah I
love squash I like that yeah great form
honey
great form love a sweatshirt to love the
sweatshirt you're killing it hey oh yeah
that's it do you like that yeah I'm
toning it up for you baby I don't touch
it yeah
that's it lower lower
ah anatomy yes explore lower yeah oh oh
yeah yeah hey Matty
don't be mad at me I'm just a kid thank
Allah let me set you all this so it's
good right it you gotta get a little bit
closer to get deeper yeah oh is that it
possessed me different
there you go that's it it's a stretch
this is how you stretch it yeah I did
work out big okay let's go do some other
stuff Oh whoo yo what's good yo yo yo
you wanna just do it on the skateboard
okay good morning both oh oh okay
we're how much would you do this time
stuff you want to go again yeah I should
try to get complicated on one this
morning is early yeah you feelin okay
I'm trying to watch my vlog Wow okay I
like your shirt though
thank you virtually a mile chromo 20%
off summer sale uncle Nathan you want to
hit a wheelie
oh there's uncle agents oh yeah all
night to get them okay you gotta go ah
kids it's dangerous world up hold on his
arm
third down is Elmore oh okay a little
bit kids I'm sorry that might have been
my fault
uncle cable pay for it Oh God he is on
one today yeah I've never had uncle like
that
he's the best damn uncle aerozine uncle
think of me is like a third brother go
like call me Jesse right right why not
you can be my own joke eh yo what's
wrong with you guys you guys saw me this
morning yeah
no you look dope right now you like your
typical la boy okay yeah player but
cracker
what y'all your Yeezys are disgusting
like this is what they're supposed to
look like and you're just ratchet bro
y'all me Jesus it's okay though that Mia
Martinez twin developers any Espana
oh yes Rutger yeah yo if you need to
stop yo I mean I respect your vlog game
but you're just jacking all my stuff
what's yours is hers right yeah I got
her life what was yours is hers yours is
everything Lambo ya know I really made a
commitment to beat a girl you killer if
we're going that room how much we're
going that route I need your help too
bro voice helping feet so you guys went
to VidCon headed out we're just some
other round things what else we gotta go
there's a hole we were going that's
terrible
why didn't you jump in the pool Oh Erica
it's me
second you should have just jumped in
them anyway that's why we your blog we
shouldn't jump in the pool that's what I
told you I wouldn't I would have jumped
in the pool instead if I said you're not
established enough if you were Jake I'll
think if I was Jake I'm doing it we
don't have enough food ah that's really
dumb yeah yeah yeah so I waited for you
for a little bit there wow you guys you
got it
driving yeah okay it was all right yeah
I know yeah I'm good what are you doing
yeah anyways anyways ah sorry for
yelling your name earlier Erica guys
right now we are going to the store
because we're getting a pregnancy test
and we're gonna prank everyone on team
ten and make them think that Erica is
pregnant uncle Kate is gonna lose gotta
be so excited you know what I just said
yeah I know I know
what I say
that's me guys plus five points I'm
gonna scare her so bad why Hey she was
so innocent
oh we're going the wrong way what do you
expect
why do you know where the pregnancy
tests are I know where the aisles are
yeah why does she know where the
pregnancy tests are as we Erica can read
sign don't hit on my wife
don't hit on her
did you see that I'm excuse me don't hit
on my wife talking about don't hit on my
wife which one can we like morph to say
positive or you - thank you because you
are actually better
are you serious bro don't hit on my wife
hey how you doing man
don't hit on my wife I with that did you
see that yeah so and you see that oh
yeah as you know as you know that's my
girl that's my girl that's my girl she
knows he watches bizarre Mike what's the
catch phrase you know here we go that's
mark what did you just hit on my wife
oh don't ever do that really dude your
son just hit on my wife
oh yeah that's not okay I saw that bro I
see you looking I mean I know she's got
the bond but don't hit on my wife catch
a body and now Erica's taking it
seriously hey is it you taking out you
get don't worry baby it's just a prank
Erica I'm trying to make it believable
hold the camera I can hold the camera
okay yeah not good place for that yo
guys guys okay yes No thank you man I'm
happy I'm getting into my wife oh my god
we are doing well thank you
he said do you think yeah yeah come on
top is it good place for them go in Gigi
okay I'm lying I'm dying
I'm really I'm not
I know you're a fireman the house fire
is my wife on a scale of one to ten very
looking yeah it's actually still in here
like we're getting kicked out with
making out on the floors were getting
pregnancies test watching it he was like
no I don't speak English I was like I'm
speaking I don't know what you say what
you look like you're gonna look like you
know I mean this is the reality I'm
dedicated to you until we die so like
I'm here for you like that but even when
you're looking like Santa Claus and
hunched over like the guy from 300 I'm
gonna be here I'm still teaching like
it's the first day catch a body don't
want one all right guys we have to make
the pregnancy test read positive now you
know how to do this no I know but we can
learn together just take it just take
this test just me trusting done low
really low to you how do you pee on it
you can be out it let's go say not
pregnant no you're just a baby they want
to be up to people will be do it Jimmy
there we go leave me alone
Oh God yeah yeah
you can't look I don't want to do this
upstairs do you guys go away again
oh oh oh
so Erica's getting a Sharpie so we could
draw on it I don't know what is not
working and she was actually pregnant
I'd be like this
most all right I got this it's going to
stay pregnant I think it looks pretty
legit especially like they're not even
going to know how to read it like that
takes like five seconds to read and a
closer Oh what got a little blogs go on
what's this what is that yeah what's in
your hand bro oh geez no I'm going to
see that it wait don't touch that bro
wait wait wait hold on wait you're
pregnant
no you're not yeah yeah you're joking oh
yeah yeah you're not joking at all bro
I'm speechless I'm literally speechless
you're in mesh well you're not well if
you're gonna do it like I did like wow
no I said what you know no no it all
happened so quick from the merits to the
sex to that I want to be surprised but
like we always just do the craziest
thing and I feel like you like you being
views views views if you like that's all
I think about 50% of its 50% be honest I
like you don't drop it
I want a baby oh just like you yeah
don't you all right there yeah yeah cuz
no baby no I told you that oh absolutely
completely fake I mean how do ya know
it's real the drill he said happy to
disappoint hit this editor you happy
well we got vlog I don't know which one
to look at anymore no it's actually a
fake that's a thing bro I don't know
what's real and fake anymore these days
you're joking or not I still feel like
no it's not true well it's like we're
not gonna know until nine months Ralph
if you look closer you can see that
there's a marker yeah it looks like it's
all yeah you messed up and you oh I hope
not Erica's to be it's mine so oh great
go down there sand with your brother and
we're gonna prank your brother and
you're gonna act like you don't know
either okay
diapers now too just so much more
unbelievable yeah so deal is super
cameras usual look it well so we have
something to show you this how do you
say pregnant in Spanish lord knows
Daniela good nada
yeah no no that's not real how old are
you you're joining a northerner I mean
these I mean yeah views but men you're
gone I'm gone
Virginia babies all the familiar still
can be real you can babysit the baby bro
for you're vlogging get a lot of views
bro come on think about it
I'm always with twins like twins are my
thing like it's like I know that Erica's
gonna push out a set of twins out of her
little little body she's gonna put out a
nice little set of twins for the views
how your hopper its views not use you're
like babies are they dreams you see
Tatum in oakley's Instagram look closer
look closer it's Sharpie the I peed on
that too then he was in on it too
I thought it was me I'm down my tee time
you know he's an actor bro I understand
that well why are there cameras on here
guys guys chill America right howdy Sam
how do you know when I'm auditioning for
it you got to give me more notice for my
doctor's appointment my poor baby how
you know this does how does about it
you're lying
yeah I don't know if this is real or
fake
I just want to smile and be sad all at
the same time
oh wait wait you're keeping it I mean
MIT nah yeah yeah I'll wiki yeah really
for you're gonna be an uncle bro can I
beat the golf father no no everyone
already asked that there's too many
dudes in this out you can be the
godmother okay I'll be the godmother I
mean no it'll be okay wait wait wait
congratulations if you're keeping it
have you guys are like down for this I'm
like really excited for this yeah I'm
Latino that's like nine of us I just
look at it and see how pretty this is
yo my boy broke that me up you know but
also is it a sec I'll take what I knew
it come on guys excited it's Sharpie in
there you got mean I'm not the I'll fall
for anything
mmm haha yeah Heidi hey how are you
something really clearly tell you
something oh no oh no it's not my gadget
vintage jokes not funny
where did I be positive which would be
positive hold it bro now remember to
hold it keep PDP on that yeah wait isn't
that a positive or is it negative I
don't know how to Bree one of each well
you should learn cuz your neck oh you're
not I broke hold it all the condos know
what is a joke this is a joke how to
feel like I don't know how to feel right
now it already mad why would I be mad as
I do it's lit right no wait think about
it like this
I hit a million on YouTube in my 48
hours this guy this little pooper
he's gonna have like two mil in like an
hour
Wow yeah you can already have to know
before calm down okay promise is not
great I promise that it's fake yeah yeah
I don't know if you want to talk
everything has happened either Prager
really a virgin is the moment of truth
cooking mode is about a food I think you
get it more he's gonna cry I kind of
feel like she's gonna be soaked to Mike
oh your eyes are beautiful
oh thanks Dane I just got like a really
good focus point on it yeah okay
uncle Cato I'm also over actually down
to get pregnant okay
what ah yeah
what's bobbin okay my gosh I mean I know
we're getting prepared and everything
we're gonna need these one day the
glazes I'm glad you guys are on my train
of thought fitting it with some space
yeah we have to talk to ya and so we
have some news teams come on all right
ready are you go hard you don't think
I'm ready as I've ever been
what's that saying that this is our
thing she odd you're kidding right it
says pregnant no he's not recognized at
all honestly this is like such a big
moment for us we wanted to tell you
laughs because like we already told all
them I know you're the one wine is the
most yeah that you're pregnant you're
pregnant you're pregnant you're right
don't throw it well right oh my god okay
yeah
okay yes yes okay oh my god where are
you going okay get it guys are you gonna
bail the emotions to got to me I didn't
read about having the students you just
broke your computer how to do what I
would I'm a lot happy no we did it yeah
we're good
hey sure she's all got a real green slow
breath breathe hug amazing how do you
feel pretty good yeah yeah P yes good or
anything like that all the stuff I have
to get and all you know how we tell you
it's a prank
ha ha ha ha funny no nothing I got a lot
of stuff idiot like baby clothes more
diapers when jury tell them that it's a
prank
maybe now you're gonna tell me well you
gotta buy diapers what are we going to
tell you that that you need to buy all
this stuff out was just yeah we're gonna
tell you what the prank yeah no you know
marker it's funny
she's not pregnant no no no I'm allergic
okay I was just up here and now I'm kind
of out here it's that a prank that it's
a prank er we're done it's real it's
real it feels cuz it sounded like drills
right it's a real deliberate real prank
it's a prank real it's a prank okay come
on yeah come I give us water get up some
water it's real right just put water on
okay stop god there's so much today
well it's a fact if there is a person
why do we have a special water bottle I
don't know these are my tears I don't
know I'm happier dad is the peg ropes
are real pregnant I don't know what the
water was for but is it so it is a place
it's 100 percent of brain okay so you
can't see the tears coming out of my
eyes
no just water out of the water with four
yeah I didn't watch out the tears check
someone hopefully just go in the back
enjoy
he knows it's the Frank doesn't know
yeah we didn't mean to mess with your
emotions like that are you good I think
we have to have a crap okay yeah I think
we need a pause we got a commercial
break
so we're back from the commercial breaks
cage broke this that's broken a floor is
swamped his computer still works though
the only problem is that's like yeah
it's a little bit but at least it still
works the only thing is like he's just
having a really hard
oh man subdued hey you're doing good
room yeah yeah we feel really bad about
really really really sorry there's that
just the train yeah no it's just you
know it's a setup
hi hi and yeah just a few little figures
build it up all you've ever done waited
no the other way yeah no I get that I've
been there butdo time one time I made
this music video and I was really proud
of it I was so I was proud of it
everyone just they just were just
roasted yeah really hard to say I know
what you're going through right now
yeah there's at this time there is hot
you know what I'm gonna get her pregnant
just for you yeah that's a nude and you
know what you got to do while you're at
this low you gotta focus
take yourself and you got to pick
yourself up and we can have a baby kid
one day came I believe can you go
through you and us as a trio or even
four people if you count the baby it's
us four together together and as a big
half and it's functional slightly family
slightly slightly it is a little hanger
c'mon spectrum again get together okay
we're gonna we're gonna let you mentally
get there we'll let you sit out here you
could do this cage you could do it on
prepaid bring in I'm gonna okay my boy
my boy I'm gonna go put clothes on in
the meantime look no no you don't even
need to get them in the shed okay what
nothing I didn't see anything haven't
see you in the shed with minors he's
better I'm kidding there yes
by the way what you look really hot hey
Jer Khmers it's a joke abortion do you
want to make out do you want to make out
I do okay mmm
like to lay down okay I guess so can't
even comprehend what just happened guy's
dick polish as always check out the hot
new March that's available right now the
ex sweatshirts guys are going to be a
limited edition so you make sure you get
them right now easily my favorite piece
of Merced's the jericho merch so I check
that stuff out guys we're gonna hang out
my camera's still heavy
I'm work out oh yeah you like those arms
oh yeah we're going to just chill over
here and jake polish i will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday bro peace
tick collars what's poppin check out
this new March woo that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
