yes maybe good morning Jake Pollard's
what is going on guys today was
absolutely Savage I'm going to narrate
the day for you but uh before that make
sure you smiling make sure you have it
on the made especially you're working
hard and if you're new you're on Jake
cloth this is the team can outfit it
every single day bro let's do this thing
okay so basically the day started last
night where something we're special
happened roll the clip
yo how does it go what do you looking at
bro ramen the Tesla Model X yeah nice
yeah it's good taste I feel like there's
something else you're on your computer
for oh yeah yeah oh yeah oh that's what
it was I'm up there seven million okay
yeah should we film that yeah me just on
that it's got oh yeah well Michael Jake
Paul those are the strongest arm is like
Garrity knew we're gonna hit seven
million but like I mean we'll just build
it for them yeah that's though okay
done oh wow oh my god hey you guys oh
you guys got it okay what happened can
we hit it oh yeah yeah I'll do even
looking follows I just want to say thank
you so much for supporting me on a
day-to-day basis if you're new here you
can join the family rep the March you
want to be a part of the family I love
you guys love your wife thanks uncle
came back no sing a little for shadow in
there - what I like that oh butter up
and give it to me raw oh he said oh my
god and then so uh it was morning time
up and I went to set because I'm an
actor bro on set is a shoot day uh what
are you wearing row row you look so dumb
right now you know this grip don't talk
to me like you don't know this yo guys
we've been shooting all of these
episodes and bizarre var is going to be
on today for you guys in a couple of
hours to check your TV look you're gonna
be able to watch right yeah they're
gonna be able to watch it today in a
couple of hours Devore good morning
honestly it wouldn't matter either way
oh there we go that's your we've down
girl get chewy your your merch and it's
so maddening because you're not worthy
of the Amish that's being paid to you
also so everyone's at your old schools
wearing my merch yeah you know what I
smell I hate her I just don't understand
the one girl that you said hi to my old
friend she literally talked to me for an
hour you made my life this is amazing he
just doesn't stop
he's just a salty little kid over there
in the chair whoo so we are on set today
is going to be a long day guys I have to
change into my characters outfit let's
cool
yo yes that's it what you know by having
Swans on your shirt maybe I got swans on
my shirt
dr. broke let
we are on set Halloween episode look at
your fool on which yo let's go go we got
spiderweb
we got spiderwebs look at this coffin
I'm gonna die and lay in that high but
high high budget it's whatever though he
loves like we don't take L so basically
we shoot the Halloween episode now what
is it June and it comes out on Halloween
which you didn't know that did ya know
everybody's like jamming me now like oh
my god you're so small huh and I'm like
no that's from the earlier result no
you're so small really small so I just
finished my first scene of the day guys
and I don't have another scene for like
a lot of hours so let's do something new
some don't
whoa no babe I'm Holly I love you thank
you for this miss god oh my god Erica I
miss you I'm sorry I were married I know
how did you grow yo-yo hell are you
doing I use you're not even married bro
well game Rick Nick calm down dude look
how beautiful she is
I love you Jane yeah I want you mean
more just babe please I love her all
crazy
you're weirdos hey dude this is America
Erica we shouldn't stand for this
anymore hey Donald get Nick out of here
you toss me your vlog going 1.5 million
oh my god you're blowing up in Nick or
your little Brit boy how you doing
Brit you can't just take my oxen like 94
I can almost reach America all day long
that's right
thanks Erica what are we doing I don't
stick off the basket laughs that was a
good aircon question no the best is Nick
though we get a side-by-side cause you
guys this morning going that's great
okay yeah yeah we thank you Wow yeah you
got mixed jacket on to crompton no your
bread toy England is my city
you know I feel bad for Nick about that
line like he got roasted by everyone
online like England is my city I wrote
that line I wrote that line for he I
roasted because of me remember 2k oh
it's fine both lit every day bro
Jake Palmer's we're savages five minutes
late Dale you know I just don't like
draw I just I'm missing missing her I
miss her like it's cool hanging out with
you guys like I love you guys but it's
just a different connection you leave
early in the morning for set you don't
come back too late and then she that'd
be good conscious not even here just
lonely Rome Eric I I miss you Erica face
timer
other guys I miss you hi PJ could be my
partner for life and with this ring I
promise to love you until you too
I just want baby back you know I just
have like a prank I want water what is
it is it good we get a lot of you good
oh yeah actually want payback though
yeah I'll be back my boy whoa and so
then ya know it's me again I'm a
marriage you thought you lost me for a
second but you didn't I'm still here da
Oh
but yeah anyways I had this savage prank
that I wanted to pull on Erica because
marriage is nice
but it's not always that easy and and
yeah just it was very okay watch so
basically that's a father so about this
prank cool savage mode I'm basically
gonna make it look like I'm cheating on
air cuz she's gonna walk in on me like
hooking up with another girl who's the
girl I granted I'm glad you asked
no yeah you gotta be the solitude you
got to be the girl bro look at there's
no girl you got to be the girl bro put
on the wig from the back bro do you
wanna get to hookups or is that a part
of the video absolutely not
what so we're gonna have hidden cameras
I must to go get underwear from Erica
put it on the floor so it looks like
even more real like I'm actually
cheating on her you're gonna have the
wig on we should practice a little moans
okay that's a lot but it was crazy Erica
if you're watching I'm apologizing ahead
of time but you know we're married now
and because I'm gonna keep on pranking
you this is probably the most savage
it's gonna get I don't want to break her
heart not the worst part is you know how
like we always do some bad stuff
together we're gonna be the ones like
Rainier the whole time it's just gonna
be us three she's gonna hate on I mean
she's going to have the opportunity to
prank us back yeah Gorsuch all fair okay
I think Chad wants to get married okay
so she walks in like sees this scene
like boom like underwear hidden camera
one hidden cam
I don't know where to put it - yeah
shoes off
kind of like scattered looking we talked
about with your mom what what no no what
did you just say you know Jan no we're
good it was a path of clothes a new
house for fun mansions the girls shoes
oh so good so good Oh should we practice
just really fast we'll be under the cup
okay you don't need it not yet okay it's
just a rehearsal that's how you play
baby so you're right under the covers
here this way am i on my back like this
I like this yeah
and then the wave will be back and then
we'll just see that uh yeah no yeah with
me Megan sighs yeah okay so Erika is
going to be here any second guys but in
the meantime please enjoy this
intermittent stupidity commercial from
our sponsors so they're putting cactuses
on punching gloves
yeah I don't know what I'm doing but
apparently I'm just punching penny and
you're punching Chad in the face and
chance is launching my boy Zak say
what's up to the Jake polish what up
Jake Walla
hey this is your commercial break you're
about to see two men grown men get
punched in the face with cactuses
someone might ask why do this and I'm
that someone so why because nope it's
fine dude I'm just gonna send it dude
I'm soaking ass that I can ask this
question all the time why do you like
hitting yourself in the nuts why do you
like doing stupid stuff and honestly
it's fun and jock gets it like this is
ya know I can tell he gets it it's
pretty in a parent thank you I mean I
Chad what do you have to say
oh why is he laughing he's picking
needles out bill oh no other laughing oh
my gosh still don't know why they're
laughing oh is that what's going on I
don't know you just gotta send it dude
I'm joking aesthetic so what did you
want so uh my take with awesome
opportunity of Jake Paul kicked me in
the balls with a cowboy boot on I'll do
that right now I'm down I mean it I'm
all for it you know I like it I don't
really is there more savage than us
no whoa there really is a snake in your
boot cultivation the first
why why I don't want children visa I
just got married I've never seen
anything like that how do you know that
hurt my foot I would be chillin not a
good time yeah they're crazy love you
thank you for let us do that it's like
dad's best friend look you know
you localising Erica is about to be here
we gotta go commercial break is over
come back for you Jake like really cause
you put your shirt somewhere
Oh merchants of London ladies vile 20%
off summer sale promo code always plug
bro you don't need to go that far so you
likes it
hey baby chance you ready you ready bro
come here I'm on oh my gosh oh this is
this is like a wad
wait no okay what are you doing yo I
guess what I'm doing on Instagram is NYX
if I'm gonna come home to some woods
looks like I'm trying to stop you on
something anyway to do as a patty you
got to do about this but you're gonna
dress copy
this is how it looks like now why is
your stopper I'm sorry you notice that
yeah I'm okay like what the hell are you
doing
that's embarrassing that was mean yo
that was song it wasn't that bad though
I was about to come down here and like
have a I was like Megan we need to go
like right now I was like I'm so mad
like I don't know what my question you
tell anybody is that we were actually
making out I feel like you were just
like no I couldn't believe it like I
didn't know what's going on I was more
mad at them for trying to stop me
because I thought we were a family here
you asked me no not you more than a
million on Instagram million on his chin
a million on Instagram
sadtech into somebody else upstairs is
this like what like a cover-up oh my god
saved him no no no it wouldn't do that
no no you watch the vlog okay thank you
let's go now we're actually went
upstairs I can't abbreviate this mine
it's coming off anyway
I was like wait who is I I thought it
was a man that was a guy should be
Amanda I'm here with Amanda
that would've been a really good fun
some jealousy it's okay I love you your
March is on fleek I do it I can lick in
bio uncle Kane got these for a baby girl
baby boy so high are you excited yeah
not just look beautiful today thank you
so do you are you excited I hit a
million on Instagram I'm so excited oh
yeah what is that that's Carrie Carrie
it's like every day I get a new surprise
I love it
whoa and then it was time to grind some
more babies I believe oh yeah
yeah yeah I gotta be an actor I want to
be like even doing he's good he's real
upset that were married
taking a pretty good though yeah I mean
never really left edge you know I mean
look at him
I can't I don't want to leave oh that's
my timer Wow I wrote about you okay okay
all right all right bye then let's go to
set this don't go
oh no angle no I'll go you don't have to
be willing to a 24 now you I miss you
more than anything maybe do you miss me
Nick Nick you're wearing how much hope
you got my mom says Jake Pete Jake Paul
Evan that's my signature I'm not paid
for it mom you paid for it
nope oh so where'd you get it from a
link in the description in the
description that's my boy all right
Oh eat your face all right you're not
what are you a dog oh no that's too far
that's too far Erica why you letting
this happen
you'd be proud of her bro she took a
staple little leg oh yeah courage wait
one yeah we played spin the staple wheel
you know the game that I was gonna put
it with in this way she stapled her my
wife suffers what do you want
yeah only our third wheel definitely no
that's not how that was it yes yeah I
think you just lonely Nick I'm just
living in the real world and you're
living in a fair point know that how
beautiful she is wait hello nope no on
here's the other two yo you want I do it
again Erica yeah oh man
too much in I smell a divorce Oh is when
I'm walking got dessert though she's the
one that's like oh man but I'm not
really mad pay attention to me uh okay
uh I hope you don't both fall and really
hurt yourself alright guys I'm about to
end my vlog with Erica right here with
Jay callers today was savage you need to
check out the merchants Inc in the bio
as always summer sale 20% off use the
promo code always plugs
I'm exhausted about to go to the gym no
cookie gotta wanna you got a DAB on them
haters you got to keep on smiling see I
keep on being relationshipgoals
sup Nick thanks let me talk let me talk
sorry Jake ah sorry I took the camera
from you what guys just want to say
don't forget that bizarre variks I'm a
two nights at 9 o'clock check your local
listings and stuff for what what channel
Disney Channel is on on your TV but yeah
back to you Jake I will see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bro peace you did
it for me I'm not - Jake Pollard's
what's poppin check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
