okay okay get ready
good afternoon Jay smaller I hope you're
having a good day
this morning I woke up and I was looking
for pain
and I couldn't find BAE honey wife oh my
gosh I lost her
oh my gosh I lost her oh my god he's
like an ankle tracking system on her
this is hard guys hello hey it's super
early I don't even know where she went
oh my god oh my god and then I uh went
to set because I'm an actor bro what's
up guys we're on a set of bizarre bars
right now acting halloween-themed
deficit alla Wien seemed episode you
know check this out gasps skeletons on
the wall
we got Ethan wacker and yo what do you
say though we get out of here we should
break off of set like leaves
yeah like right now yeah I know it's our
job but like Leslie you see how much are
we gonna be back after on sinologist
come on we won't run again just act like
you're walking out to take a walk
outside
we're not leaving just run good what is
quiet please we can hear you your steps
on stage sorry
between us y'all this is our truck how
you done we're staying here taking a
stroll
okay then whoa
nothing he's on to us look both ways
safety first kids what the fuck is going
on in here on this day you did it what
do we do now
well I get food I mean I'm down he said
we're always hot I'll give you $20 if
you jump off will you give me $20
sure okay well bye bye but by myself I'm
a hang from it do it seriously no it's
like the movies no no it's like the
Jason Bourne movies where they jump onto
the semis no Jake stop Jane what are you
that bad what are you doing oh dude oh
my god
hey hey wait Jake
how do you get what the G J you're not
gay I think I broke my I think you
probably broke more than that get up
here you idiot
Jesus mother Mary what were you thinking
well take wash is a bad idea I break
away from sets let's get food yeah he
doesn't know what he's want even the
kids menu means rhenium he's just a
little kid he doesn't know what he wants
you can grow if you ever see a big tall
guy in public if you want to scare him
just like to even lift bro he'll back
off bad idea you even lift bro
see you don't let bro I don't eat sweet
potato look okay calm down Los Angeles
Fire Department I know the vlogs are
fire but chill out we know their flame
don't need to send a whole truck even
this little good on you oh dude no way
do you think of Jake Palmer's here you
take your shirt off and put it right
there
my camera back story don't make a scene
in the store don't make a scene are you
changing on the floor and she can't be
recording in there oh sorry we're not
recording that is the camera that makes
you know don't make scenes in stores
though you need to see no you made the
scene you mean we almost got kicked out
who made this lon speaking of merch
though link in the description 20% off
summer sale use the promo code always
100 because you know I always like haha
if any back in two minutes
go go go go go it's by the car get in
even where the top hits hike
can I get it
down here Oh Oh God Oh Oh Drive you can
yeah each end yeah is that you yeah it's
me what's up what is all I got bumping
the ball is it your hand
that's my foot oh oh are you okay can
you please take us to LA Center studios
hold up let's illuminate where we are
yeah it's hot in here
Oh body heat you smell bad back to you
we're bonding though oh I take fallers
it's really hot and it's really hot
let's go back to acting
I'm gonna finish acting and Jake back to
you well thank you thank you thank you
thank you Jake and now I am back at the
team 10th house we're doing it big we're
grinding we're smiling we're working
hard weird a bit on the haters and Jake
cause I hope you're having such a good
day if you're new here i'm jake paul you
guys are the jake paulus this is the
team cat house and it's let every single
day bro let's do that did you miss me I
miss you oh are you practicing mom just
like hanging out with them uncle K look
at she's practicing oh this is great
what's so close to resemble oh yes miss
me all day always I miss you every day
my boy so what's new with YouTube
couples yoga no way I noticed that you
guys got the same exact cameras me we're
trying to join the team you look at it
throw you want to be do that copy that
oh you joined you pass like them yeah
ah you married him
here are 40 more years like the next Oh
bro do good today I'm gonna do with my
daily deed guys make sure you guys do
your daily deeds I'm trying to spread
the loves trying to spread the joy what
should i do that's good oh okay it was
no matter I'm doing my daily B today and
I know you like cameras I'm holding ones
no you're right I know I just thought
these would be good for you bro now
psychical yeah you can have it as well
gotta give this back not to you but a
kid you know watch out he'll snatch you
in the shed uncle creeper Oh uncle
creepy gay uncle creeper Sadie like you
also feel the tension between chains in
tempo it's real he doesn't even lay with
me anymore
so guys good bonding oh yeah lots of
bondage
what ten channel oh yeah those what day
of marriage is the second first third
how's it going good we want to go play
some football
yeah come on oh I don't know if he
really wants to come dude and we play
football like the bros like hobbies yeah
you gotta have time for the man hi
sometimes I will get the Jake callers
too and I did you guys are beautiful
Kelly you want to play football yeah
looks like football you ready you're the
center quarterback all wide receiver
like as uncle Kay's not sure about oh
okay
so Jennifer goes on our staff oh my god
it's not okay oh wow I thought okay I
don't know if I can join all this but
sure you kids every fun thanks okay we
love you not good of a dad I am yeah you
guys leaving but but we just need more
winning marriage advice okay we did very
good
have you been watching the blogs yeah I
watched the vlog i watch the vlog you
guys did pretty good yes solder you're
like you yeah okay okay good stuff when
I have you by now Susie it's not a kiss
Oh Robin you're testing oh okay I'm
eating your chapstick look I got you
something
I started to open it I saw what it was
yo we know that marriage look at that
that's way so I actually did get you
something this is not for me into some
surprise you're talking Drock no I
actually have a surprise for you
yes look at this these are so we're
gonna do take off sweatshirts oh no oh
my god oh my gosh ya know how do I look
you're good you know that's sick right
yeah okay
don't we look good too why would you
have to take it there no no
oh my god paper every week are call I
sell well we didn't even get on camera
that time we did hey they said well
there's no no but that's what makes them
happy you really need to stop you enjoy
well it's fine look it look it
yeah I swear to god name give me crazy
Braille he's a crazy Brit on the loose
put a wolf on this change my flying
towards me yeah imma get it Fred yeah
Nick you will learn to love us you know
I'm so confused
to tell ya these are dope right linking
bond 24 setup Oh promo code people on my
Charlie I think pink very color on you
we it's a little bit big on you you look
so cute oh oh you came back
oh yeah so many pawns oh I say like no
I'm gonna strangle you I'm actually done
guys
Jake pause I actually have a surprise
for Erica later city guys it was Ben go
the only thing that she loves more than
goats it's me
are you sure that she doesn't see you
morning goods no no I'm not sure you
here to vote please save our two votes
only one I'm not in watch you could play
the better part I don't get lonely force
up to go here at what goes oh no it's
only coming for like an hour
are you that Oh keeping it go no no no
that's like that's like a year into
marriage more such a good husband oh oh
you're single you're single lonely and
somewhat ugly you want to do it come on
do it yeah
20 minutes later this is so cute much
how cute this is when you start vlogging
when it's your second day of logging
it's hard right do you know that another
Lala two vlogs in is he taking Nexus One
a lyrical what's up what's up to go
luckily oh it's so cute yo guys I got
Erica go where did you get Tessa no cool
so Jake Pollard's if you don't know
Erica is obsessed with goats like
next-level like she's in a room come on
to go tell her that there's a surprise
for her like prank her and tell her that
I like giving it to her and then take no
no no don't that could ruin the marriage
we do not want to ruin the marriage
thanks I'm okay
ready let's go hi Jake
I was just hot I'm just talking about
you what are you saying oh you know what
is everybody doing Oh what are we doing
okay going on what's the surprise
you told me that there was a surprise
earlier always always thing is going on
right now look how good you are vlogging
no Erica trust me just listen okay
listen to the man okay can I have a hand
is it food no no I would say flowers
what you already got that
um do you trust me
because merit and Trust is very
important yeah yeah can I blog it oh
yeah you like it
of course all right oh my gosh come on
three two one
what is it no I guess it's that I mean
would you look at it funny funny
I'm sorry mister no trainer promised the
best jets go hey let's go okay guys get
it ready so what you going out went on
you got the other how all right oh my
gosh are you like over eyes Erica I just
wanted to basically have your two
favorite things all in one
Zoe oh my god Oh looks scary okay okay
names handsome
his name is handsome I'm gonna cry right
now thank you no I don't even know how
to act this is better than a million
subscribers oh my god it's so cute thank
you
oh that's edgy Oh
actually do it again do it again oh you
like it don't you I'm in love with it
and we're keeping it right it's just a
yes what oh you like it where did you
find it yeah I loved it this is the best
thing ever
the best hubby ever give it up for me
oh yeah wait can you kiss to go well for
next time what can you kiss to go she's
getting thumbnails from you she knows
you know it gets a go fuck her up
handsome Oh
today we observe my wife in her natural
habitat playing with goat I can't even
believe it look how cute and little it
is on this episode of Erica in her
natural habitat we see her speak into a
goat you know what this means boys right
you got to give me a Lambo done oh yeah
okay I gotta go choose a new Lambo oh
really where I get stale it's so like
likes you oh my god have you ever had a
horse yeah you like it you want to take
off the horse it's gonna come by oh say
say horse these is a horse no this is a
ghost would you go you know the thing I
always talk about oh yeah yeah yeah she
does it better but a magic stick this is
the cutest thing I've ever seen
happy wife happy life what can you see
bit
look in my room we'll get our company in
my room you mean our room now we have an
extra room oh yeah what'd you give it
for like an hour
there's what people in Ohio do for which
had a vertical jump stuff you got your
wife a gift I wasn't told about the gift
thing I didn't get my wife a gift or
anything but we sold we did sell merch
you what money
wait wait so he says I have rapport let
me see yours I was just rolling it oh
yeah look at this the Jake callers are
savages and this is how we do things no
friendly boy stop trying it I was with
my daughter
oh I love you I love you I love the
champions Jesus Christ when I first saw
it I thought of the Kangaroos y'all just
let that throw those video games are
getting foster 80 right or lack of brain
don't let's kill her okay nope okay that
that is interesting I like where you're
going here Marco what Erica what do you
mean what do you like that think about
it monkey okay thanks I'm good I don't
really know about that know what I don't
even know what species about me but
don't it yeah okay Oh long do we get to
keep it forever I mean an hour an hour
forever our welcome to the team down
house you're gonna try something new
every day bro you're that girl I did
there yeah in America get it ray yeah
get Erica yep yep yeah okay yeah Nick
you like that don't you
you see what I got I know how much I
love go yeah yeah did you ever get her
go no because I'm a normal person Jake
oh why did you get a go
happy wife happy life keep it what's up
no not our vlog don't don't touch her
blog but you won't do that you British
you can't you you keep drinking oh I'm a
call Donald jump right up get them
deported
right now hey Donald I have an illegal
immigrant here city to have a vlog I'm
detecting if I'm you want it you want oh
oh babe I got you I got your blog I
think I heard you say that you would
have thrown that no I was saying like if
I was Nick I would have thrown it well
now your this is our first fight I was
just going to say this might be
reference I know is that this vlog is
very important to me
oh wait I see all your subscribers oh I
didn't say anything
I'm sorry okay yeah you got thing out so
it's fine I wanted to be fine in general
though yeah at times until we don't
leave oh I need you to forgive me I well
sounds exactly what she meant
yeah yeah yeah she forgave me she
forgave me yeah yeah yeah yeah okay yeah
okay yeah she forgave me
yeah she was she was mad at me we almost
didn't have any kids but she forgave me
yeah yeah hey Nick och you ha ha
lettings like that you could run a 44 to
shoulders that Ross you tackle truck my
planks not comes out Jo Jo
yo this is hilarious hey k okay what do
you mean I'm gonna be an uncle no no no
I need you for a second okay we're gonna
show them what the Midwest lunch me way
huh my boys will just take that on their
own
I don't even need to help what I'm gonna
talk to y'all my boys on cotton
thank you bye oh I need a new boy so
melee go to the description leave I'm
gonna rip my merger oh well I start from
the link in the bio that's what I said I
always fly promo code summer sale 20%
off Oh Malik only ministry going to 80%
yeah 20% order okay I see right I just
want to acknowledge you bro take a root
beer to the feet and slip but you call
yourself that's right hey Ashley so fall
can we get a replay on all day where are
you from uh New York he fell what are
you doing Erica um oh my gosh I love um
I fully understand Jake had nothing to
do a today listen a little uncle gay
this is okay I'm married I had to get us
all my fault yeah I was a hundred
percent I started it don't tell my uncle
tease I'm gonna kick it up right now hey
everyone follow chaotic script I can't
believe he did that when I watch the
vlog tomorrow it's going to change yeah
I can't believe you did that
who would do that that's not like him
this is what I want to teach you you
know cuz you're new to blogging yeah it
was great blog content that's all of you
no no okay it's all about the log room
okay I know even if it was me then why
would it matter because it's great blog
content and you got to go hard for your
vlogs
can we depend on the will we need we
need a makeup kiss okay you got just
saved everything throw this boy and I
made out with their first make out no
way I was busy cleaning but you did yeah
bro yeah yeah yeah yeah that was closer
to being an uncle baby that's all he
stayed the marriage and you saved my ass
cuz you were going down - okay but she
did say if I watch the vlog tomorrow
I'll see you starting it and I said yes
so we got to do some edits no no no no
no it's too good a blog content vlog
Erica being mad okay I threw for paper
towels on everything and it worked -
like you actually did come check it out
oh yeah that looks great
oh wait look you know it's funny look
who's cleaning and what up Nick he
started it actually don't you did
hey yeah can you get over here - Erica
erica stop being your injector Erica
pooped
now it's pooping Erica I cleaned it up I
clean it up okay I forgive you how you
mad at me can we kiss okay hey better
yeah get away from the merch the merch
is gonna get proof that scabs to get
some in the bio I'm sorry
bring it in bring it in today was
amazing Jake Pollard's as always check
out the hot new merch link is in the Bob
you already know 20% off sale say
goodbye this little guy hi Bambi and
keep on working hard keep on cabin on
the natives keep on smiling and Jake
polish we will see you tomorrow but
tennis bitch every day bro you take
Polish what's poppin check out this new
March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on a daily basis and you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 Church see you guys
tomorrow
