anything you mean look sure okay okay
okay okay you got a bunch oh my wake up
oh my god oh good timing I knew you need
to wake up yeah that's goals obviously I
didn't really sleep that much
the grind is real right yeah yeah good
morning Jake Palmer's what is going on
everybody I hope you're having a great
morning I'll get down on the haters all
they're working hard because we are
we're out here Gandhi baby right damn
right and I hope you are smiling guys
think about all the good things in your
life just think about it Jake Paul post
every day that's a little conceited okay
all right yeah and if you're new here I
am Jake Paul Henry this is the bizarre
mark set his divorce doing my log this
is a bizarre mark set and it is right
every single day bro like which is
literally lit like it's so letting the
camera fish I know it's a dope effect
you want to try it
okay that was a lot but yeah it's every
day hey hey that's why I'm pointing that
that's my trademark right we got here
super super early this morning we've
been grinding all morning because that's
how we do it baby the Jake Paul is a
savages so this morning how is it when
you say goodbye to your wife Paul I'm
gonna pull the chair we're gonna have
our usual daily conversation where I
roast your ass hahahaha no but I guess
the rumors are true you're the high
school bully
no that was that yeah that that's my boy
my boy Ethan roast people he flames
people what oh yeah I know I was saying
before is that I woke up Erica this one
I was like walking up with kids issues
up all my editing I'm teaching her about
the YouTube stuff she got a grind
she's really invested in our YouTube
channel yes I got a million subs by now
explains a lot what do you mean why else
would she marry you you know like you
had this whole vlog channel popping off
instagrams growing you're on a Disney
Channel show I'm just sayin man and you
know you did immediately and in younger
age lost never idea - so I feel like how
can I get yours and you were just like
in your side I don't know just stick
around means you said we should get
married oh no no no it's like you know
it's easy to think that yeah it looks
like way right like oh I'm gonna marry a
fall like put his name in my title haha
yeah give you'd make a lot of money
become famous alright it looks that way
why is it like that Erica and I are soul
mate you can't fake that kind of cat
kind of chemistry you see how rich is
yours y'all ripped on we have so much in
common
beg to differ okay how much does she go
in the last since you posted your vlogs
today like over a million what about on
Instagram wait a lot how does I mean
that okay Eric is moving it Ethan hold
on divorce so keep going a lot right and
you guys got married in Vegas she's a
perfect height to hold in my arms do you
see how beautiful her eyes are you're
blinded do you see I need to the
conversation you're blinded cuz she's
hot
it's not about that you're no match of
you have no qualms zero chance of ever
being with Eric no I'm not investigating
deep enough let me tell you right now
she's just being a really good actor in
fact you should bring her to set and put
her on bizarre bucks oh so it's you ha
Eason oh you think she's a good actor
then what do you think happens off
camera because she don't see that little
baby Ethan high school boy you're just
thinking about the merch sales how much
you can vlog with kids you're thinking
about the long-term when she's thinking
about the short-term you have a real
conversation either come here mo yeah
yeah I know you're a smart little kid
what's your IQ 137 yeah tell me you
wouldn't be thinking about those same
things to my man I would yeah
or sales 20 percent up from okano is
look lady miles and the fact that she's
growing right now and yesterday divers
she'd noted the best time you
relationship anyway other side I respect
that
yeah but either way my wife is hotter
yeah ah I just don't give you because
you're over you're talking about how she
could be in it for the followers but
you're in this room every single day
with nothing else to do but get
followers exactly so here in writing and
they your only friends a day for
followers my girl I'll appoint my boy I
said that repeatedly Jake is a terrible
person no that's no more if you get a
pop tag you get a pop tag you know I
mean the way I look at it is like Eric
and I are married but are we actually
married you know but yeah like no it's
not complicated I think you you didn't
even date her you just straight-up
married her you should have dated or at
least spend a little time in engagement
let see the views on is like oh we went
on a date let's like three four million
views married six seven eight nine ten a
lot of million views I know he viewed
the merch it's hot
oh yeah yes I see a sneak peak OOP
that's all you hit take it away I think
the move
you think that you think they'll get you
underaged Disney stars get married
headlines
TMZ exclusive as well war on set right
now we're acting we're doing a bag let's
do it just got done acting guys and
Erica texted me while I was down there
on set and she said that she's like
super super nervous to post her first
vlog and she also literally hit 1
million subscribers like Jake polish you
guys are insane like this is literally
the strongest family on YouTube and you
guys are a part of it and anyone who's
watching this can join now like this is
insane 1 million subscribers in 3 days
I'm gonna FaceTime oh my god yeah yo ah
you hit a million I'm so excited you
like they're a little party everything
yo I like your hair is you straight into
this it looks beautiful
hey you look beautiful thanks you're
like nervous to post your first vlog
don't be nervous you got it I think a
lot of people thank you I'm gonna come
home right now and and I help you post
it okay
I bye Ellie she said Italy oh cool woo
yes baby had to make a pit stop really
fast how's your day going no serious
what we stopped here at the flower shop
because we're going to get Erica and
Tessa we're gonna get them flowers
because Erica hit 1 million and it feels
like the right thing to do 1 million in
3 days wow the Jake polish a cock here
oh we got a lot of selections which one
are they feeling I'm feeling colorful
feeling rosy oh yeah like I'm for such
good husbands high-five her merges roses
oh my gosh doing husband stuff cuz her
husband's doing husband stuff cuz her
husband's win this Tony
cuz he's single and he doesn't have a
wife to attend to because he's a little
bitch hey that's such a turd I thought
we were on a good jingle and then was if
I'm left out of a jingle I'll get a wife
right now you won't do it you little
bitch he's not the wheel
Tony's allowed to put on the wheels
where you going bro I've always getting
a wife right now he said screw that I'm
in
um simply straightforward I need a wife
Amy single I'm still single
oh my god I'm gonna go get away for a
girl no this one's I got for Erica
that's for Tessa and Tony still single
I tried though I walk out about the
effort dude and we're her friends her
husband Tony tango Tony sing go it's
catchy
yeah it's catchy jingle funny where oh
and I got you flowers
my mom columns like husband isn't easy
you know and then I said watch me ha ha
ha what else do I have to do besides get
flowers a lot a lot a lot yeah but we've
already done it but yeah that's pretty
much school so a few moments later and
just when you thought we couldn't become
any better of husbands oh we did we did
what are we doing guys
cake cake cake yeah that's right we are
going to make custom cakes for our wives
right now I'm gonna say that congrats on
1 million Erica I love you babe you want
to do a cake yeah me said weird for our
wives you can make one for yourself yeah
no way yeah yeah oh my god I love cake
ok ok see with me now not all right
thanks all right all right
what colors are we thinking I'm thinking
purple colors together - if you're a
squirrel
my boy can swirl you colors can I do
purple and yellow so my god I'm gonna do
the best day I love this is luan taking
a charge even skis and bows that you can
put on just a state inside a jar like
how are you not liable like I don't even
know what my name is neither do i boy a
couple of hubbyhubby things yeah you
know or finis mash later
can I join no Vegas yeah we got married
in Vegas and now we're making cakes for
our yeah far was gotcha good yeah yeah
even dating we just got married yeah in
a day how it goes in Vegas though yeah I
mean it special moment yeah well he's
single so it's our last yeah cool guys
you know I got a I got two days off the
internet when well no I don't think you
did roll the clip what Claire's now put
it over time I had no idea what I'm
doing but Erica I'm gonna make this cake
because I love you baby okay
we're like three seconds into the
transition shine and describe what's
going on right all right Anthony
guys I literally just put a faux on the
side of my cake oh yeah if I was a cross
I'd marry you if I was a girl for that
cake
she already did you don't have to do if
you were a dude and he does because she
isn't she's my wife
yeah do that make her a dude now yep you
word is a dude yo what what are you
doing what do you mean what am I doing
this for arataura Erica it looks so good
I have to eat it no you know what no no
marriage isn't perfect so her cake isn't
going to be perfect yeah that works
right the spoon was gold yeah
oh my gosh go group the bow also fell
off so cuz eating it now this uh this
cake just screams single well Rob but
we're done John Bobby Bobby honey hey
yes thank you
oh my gosh it is so beautiful Freddie hi
I missed you all day
did you and so I was like you know I
beat you flowers
the only thing prettier than these
flowers is you guys oh look at your my
way no you got to a million it's over
that's insane
move it else crazy you know wait hold on
hold on flowers is like I have it
your average your gear about everybody
gets pop erroneous flowers but for you
Erica you can do something too if you
want yeah that's one of you like a boy
okay okay that's what what what
definitely getting the boys I fear
coming already
I don't really shove it up basically uh
just stay right here keep your keep
going away so I'm gonna be an uncle soon
Josh uncle good I'm trying to have like
70 Rolo keep has it doesn't like you
kind of weird I know she loves me she
doesn't like but she's denied your kiss
not in cancer I didn't go for it
okay hmm
yeah really cuz that just looked like
what I have to redo it redo it with the
king quick decay with the kitchen oh
look at that oh no way it was Jericho
for life we did you make this I made
this with my own hands you guys are so
three salt couple salt couple power
couple ah offers you what ball movement
I love you Anthony but whoever she salt
she's all come over here come on this is
a real moment for us Erica that's a
little ball of salt in there I'm not
liking it okay yeah I know I should
split out wait you're ever interested to
hold their thing it's a fun Betty cake
oh well that's my favorite kind
no no so sweet look at this 1 million Oh
heart look at the heart the boat it's a
bow kind of a came in pass I know
and then goat it was good honestly I
have everything I can everybody I think
that's a little goat right there yeah
that's a little goat definitely didn't
take a bite out of the side of it and
then try to replace it make it look like
a girl today oh that's ago did you like
the cake I love it yeah you did really
good in rough time one time oh she's the
one that like acts like she's mad for
attention you're in for all right let me
tell you I think there was no cranky
mood I just think you guys are building
into a cranky mood you know what a
couple of a couple of guys emerge
basically is a number 18 on the back is
because we got married on June 18th and
the goat is my symbol Friel it let's get
a pic irish already yeah how does it
look aid okay give me an uncle yeah yeah
I ready are you ready I don't want to
put I want to take the picture too - she
does on her what what just do you want
to dismantle it oh is that we were
interesting you'd be a better picture
okay okay all right okay okay three two
one got it yeah okay yeah God oh thank
you for acting like it out was the
patient was recorded video the hold of
club boy that's nice
yes is that place like right down the
street yeah sure it's like if you didn't
snapchat it did it really happen she's
learning from her husband Oh couple
goals putting off a media a couple goals
yeah someone texted me a picture of
chance ensemble today no already playing
to fail that's my bro and once it's year
always a cheater
this is a 22 - no don't show that this
could ruin everything if you feel it it
won't be uncle oh man I wanna be an
uncle
oh snap I just put in my blog she
doesn't know well that makes one person
in the United States
I'll watch your vlogs I want to be an
uncle uncle Kade
you'll find you in the shed watch out
wow that I call this one wife wrestling
caucus great great so they're gonna
gonna to go oh my god oh my god oh my
Presley watch out watch out watch out it
is all over see so good I got her oh
it's go away for fun yeah oh so few in
fun
did I win oh that looks okay Oh
one step closer to be it all go yeah
don't know things got special bottle oh
I don't know wait hold on keep on going
yeah good any one of the affinity
bragging day Erica imagine 40 years from
now okay Erica please help me look at
all Erica ha laughs lick it off on my
face yeah a little bit in the face bro
ah good morning Anthony we don't have a
video idea today okay we just made a
cake let hit Jake Paul in the face with
the game try no thunder no no no no guys
yeah yeah we don't you March 9 playing
about 20% off always plugs but I'm
talking anymore Amelia's over what now
Jamelia you mean you're sober about it
you're not gonna like everyone is
talking about Erica what were you doing
to me I will heat to mean on YouTube and
three million you know no you guys are
good to me
no what do you mean out know what Camilo
and hola
Ohio power insane where did through your
man what's up we have gorilla bro we're
really one here calm down Jamelia me a
rope I was going didn't even do anything
you want followers yes 1 million three
days girl Janerio is real then you
freaked out you freaked out David move
you came for me yesterday then you kiss
him at this point bro everything
everyone's kid oh yeah don't I get a
full house baby kiss each other yeah
it's kind of like who really cares you
say I mean wife wife
I'll look we're the same height and I
must stare down look how cute that is
hey get down yeah now take it down
oh wow dog is doing hard height weight
make sure you see good see the stairs
it's gonna be a mean Oh My gods are both
very easy I mean how is that an
appropriate chance it's two guys doing
it come on come on but it's just like
against the wall know that it's two guys
you have extra battery I do you can't
run yes on um Jake Lars I was fried for
you guys and Jake I have a surprise for
you okay what is it sweetheart oh my god
oh hey okay I'm kind of nervous that
I'll like surprises
she might still make dongle
announcements I'm coming too yes yes yes
what's gonna be no uncle I moved all
right oh my god those are oh hey to
monopoly yo you're getting jaded excited
I looked almost like important stuff in
here it's pink
yeah your fragrances are everywhere what
is this for when my ear in trouble or I
don't want you to sit in the back
there's a dog bed he can grab here is
this lingerie yeah this is motivation
for you to work out so you look good in
it no you would wear that no no this is
for you she's funny too oh yeah this
makeup hair straightener you could use
that if you want you and look there's a
P for all
oh my god Wow Wow mr. ed miss in that
cute oh I think it's a seminary
directional okay let's have like a
little slow motion hold on just take
notes for your blogger I just really
entertain like people like it yo you're
moving in we're we're sleeping together
well depends on the day like that's why
the dog beds down there what this is
dope I think for you guys right now I'm
kind of nervous
I don't know this is a great stuff I'm
excited about it she'd really like that
yeah you got a great get you just yeah
okay the moment to enjoy it that for us
to enjoy this excited for you got your
the bag Kate you've always been here for
us you really have been well that was
kind of weird shit like we're really
soaked good we're good yeah I'm just
saying my face what testing on my face a
sparkle oh that's good is there some fun
stuff let's go know what I'm doing I
mean it's our mall I'll do this like
around the time they get married but you
know we've never been been on a date and
then we got married so like we still
haven't been on a date oh my god you're
on a date can we block it I mean when
did we did Margit
mr. and mrs. YouTube right here okay I
just want to be there for you anything
we understand me please all of you just
know I'm phone call what should we treat
should we like test out a cuddle session
a come here this is great this is so
good you got cuddling I love it we can
make it happen I think yeah all we need
a song to get a lot to do my god we can
borrow a song oh my god I just pooped my
pants come on gotta go okay
oh I was trying to get on the bed oh um
yeah oh okay I'm getting out of bed
that's all I'm doing that way yeah that
way
hi Jake you know what we actually do
need you yeah that's something that also
would help out well yeah well seconds
later I told Erica to go change for the
thumbnail and uh yeah I'm just teaching
about YouTube really yeah that's great
that's great right thank you guys could
blow up to blowing up I love it come on
honey
yeah you are views then over here and go
like that try not to pull the truth the
triggers right there and then your were
confused yeah right there are views like
we're moving it we move in together
right like why do you have that stuff
yeah and you gotta be sexy yeah like
yeah just yeah this is great
yeah great no yeah great yeah anything
you need okay sure okay okay okay okay
yeah yes 20 minutes later yeah Jake
polish today has been insane one thing I
don't want you guys to forget about is
the 20% off of merchandising sales guys
this week only summer sale use the promo
code always plug to get yourself 20% off
I'm going to the gym right now I'm going
to do my daily deed there I'm going to
try and help someone out I'm going to
stop my vlog right now just because
there's Hart here trying to put it but
guys always remember to do good today
spread the love spread the joy through a
random act of kindness
keep on smiling keep on working hard you
can change the world like make yourself
better every day bro
and Jake Pollard's I love you guys like
seriously we're so loyal to each other
and they always have each other's back
and it's really special and I will see
you tomorrow because it's every day
whose cake Pollard's what pop and check
out this new March that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
