no get away from you get away from you I
can't believe you did that
your head is first fight I'm camera oh
this is great it's like reality so keep
going they're all your fault good
morning
come on yes i thirsty bro wall here
here's the water you thirsty April you
moron do you need a tree so I'm out of
school okay sorry sorry I know you had a
big guy I love you my ps2 it's gonna get
shot oh are you thirsty bro hi good
morning
take the one you love you love you too
anti prank God um so Jake how's your
how's your first night of marriage bro
not gonna lie it's weird going along
with the whole marriage thing but I'm
just gonna keep on going with it I
didn't know my chances even in either
true maybe they're not really married or
maybe the hell okay guys sleep tight and
good morning Jake dollars I hope you
guys are working hard I hope you're
dabbing on haters I hope you're smiling
for real guys life is so good make sure
you smile today if you're new here Oh
Jake Paul this is the team den house
let's do that
sup Ethan are you doing buddy how are
you you're a little bit ah you're a
little bit salty today
yeah are you mad that I married the love
of your life
no the why you so upset
something else going on life now to set
it all mmm okay a little angry I'll see
you cheer up buddy because I'm pretty
sure yesterday you made a video saying
that Erica is your favorite person on
team 10 yeah and then I married her I
took a girl that's like if I make a
video on my fiance is my favorite person
and then you marry her the next day
not a damn oh no it's not just lay the
same thing oh it's mr. Steele girl
that's embarrassing already it would be
kind of weird anyway okay hey
congratulations
oh there you go congratulations thank
you
it's a joke putting a lot behind Island
helps manage you know hey honey
ah how's your day going it's really good
I just wanted to check in on you and
make sure that you know it you don't
need anything I'm here with uh Ethan
he's a little salty not true I mean we
all know he was the one but I wanted to
marry you and then I'm dr. Cupid are you
doing your makeup yeah you look
beautiful already underneath that face
no way hashtag get Erica to 500 can
YouTube in less than one week is the J
koalas are stronger than all right honey
I'll be home soon
it's weird being like a husband I figure
just to do the angry oh it is an
intrusion of my personal space
don't worry we'll find you a wife one
day hopefully they'll be shorter than
you cuz I mean Erica taller than you so
late we'll get up well that's that's
shorter than you your help dude thanks
oh and you got married or only by the
way let's talk about that
I was thinking you know 26 maybe 28 but
you just went off at 20 like you can't
even drink yet how did you celebrate
your marriage let me tell you about
views people love couples I've always
wanted to be a family of lager now is my
chance you can have kids view you're
married
their college is already ready for the
three rules do don't have chance out of
wedlock you got that covered
graduate high school you got that
covered have a stable job you got that
covered dude you can live life in
America like saying oh and the views let
me tell you about the views that's your
job yes I like to use families abused
yes yeah okay
music yeah but guys we are on set right
now Disney Channel's Buzard vark doing a
big acting we premiere on Fridays are
dark is coming out this Friday like
you're probably like Jake you know what
is all this stuff that you do I want to
watch I want to watch it guys this
Friday it's going to be on Disney
Channel Disney chants gonna blow up 23rd
this small boy always plug and this is
the perfect time to tell you that merch
is now 20% oh I always plug in literally
guys if you want some words we're doing
this sale for this week only it's a
summer sale like I said well do these
sales a lot 20% off if you use the promo
code always plug go now check it out
link in the description Lowe's plug and
let's not let's act because yeah we're
actors bro okay Jamie
so before my parents got divorced
whenever my dad would come home you
would say honey I'm home before they got
divorced
why mommy why dad watch turned out like
this
honey I'm home Erica going on your day
good I was upset Oh Disney ah
you new massage yeah maybe still doing
this shit yeah bro we're married what do
you mean no marital life together
married everyone in this room is
delirious
you know I'm stupid he doesn't like
they're gonna sit right there they just
they're committed to look at okay I got
a hard-on like five hundred thousand
subscribers the jet colors as strong as
that by the time they watch this she's
gonna be at a million keep on
subscribing don't mess with my wife
YouTube we're making a mr. and mrs.
Smith remix yeah watch one more kiss ah
what up a man Nicole did not I'm not mad
I just think they're all fucking stupid
it was weird it's Charlie come here
no yeah no power hey hey Tessa yeah no
you man they're married actually it'll
grow on you
no it's gonna grow down the way Oh Tessa
oh look at how did you guys the first
day of Paris get it on give me a ride to
the gym all right look it we're cutting
hey Nick Nick Nick wait wait look it's
been about 45 seconds on YouTube and oh
wait you already grew two more thousands
think it's working
No
like the old days they are like what's
yeah but Donald chuckles everything
Wendy oh my god let's go wow I love this
already
thank you I don't know if this is just
Americans in general or just you long
why don't you like yeah John great mix
now it's really working now it's really
working
hereis it's like they can hear us and
and it's just like oh it's just like
it's working
really I don't think any other youtubers
got into 500,000 like in like two days
36 out yeah the kid who said are you
happy for us yeah but I'm actually kind
of jealous that you guys actually found
true love and you guys are made I wish
you know I can find something like that
- don't you have a girlfriend yeah but
it's not like what you guys have you
know I'm kind of jealous
it's okay Chad you know I like we still
look a lot like me you're Chad like look
are you family boy that's my battle
ain't nobody you don't need nobody from
my boys yeah well maybe her tonight yeah
it's not something oh my god okay all
right
we're yeah I just want everyone in the
house to know it's real and to show my
appreciation for Erica beautiful
perfect oh the level of concentration oh
yeah yeah let me add something both lit
what are you gonna add watch there's an
arrow that's going to be an arrow we're
not that good at this Arrowhead Oh yep
there you go oh yeah that's what Oh
she connect that to baby David is gonna
be pissed
he can't what Alice David is you can't
stop love
man you can't you can't stop love carry
me carry me but no going to stand in
front of that now both look at me and
smile well why are we doing this I don't
know right now no it's not it's done now
Oh kind of messed up but what's baalbek
yeah they're usually Tessa it's like
right in the main area - we should have
done it like over here something but
nope I learn from your mistakes right
you need a room see it to see Oh
beautiful your husband has a gift for
you oh my god why would he ruin our
house like that
I mean ruin our build is an upgrade no I
guess I'm something a divorce 20 minutes
lay down no yeah yeah what I got its
idea ready this is the Cologne that I
wear biggest Gucci comic and I must
spray it all over Erika's room to claim
my territory and then I'm gonna pee on
her walls yeah oh yeah yeah if any guy
comes in there he makes it it smells
like a guy oh and then he'll know that I
feed a yeah no no retreat
yeah thank you especially because she's
so beautiful like you have to protect
like I have every guys doing the comfort
but I think if I saw a guy walk through
the door I he'll look what I'm not here
let's go
they are social so my god happy at the
bathroom and those dudes in there why
are you guys shooting at foot what is MP
that's pee
why are you doing that I'm tiny like
territory so in case you have any guys
or any feelings or else they'll smell
the pee guys coming here you're spraying
Mobile's all of mine couple goals oh I
like the way you smell anyways I don't
remind me of you when you're not here
do you actually clean that up over there
okay so strong let's go not know I know
oh man
I love the way she smells it smells
really good in here are you blogging I'm
Barney now okay well I will leave you
guys be no no no no no no very good
we're fine we don't all right we're
easing into that stuff
not right away can you get married in
May and expect everything you have some
bitches
no no well if I've been waiting for
every girl i DM i want to hang out sorry
like only if we're getting married
you're endearing that long girls I don't
know where you even talking about no
either love the smell my new my room my
result Oh your baby's your baby we're
here babies that means that Kyler and
Madison can teach us about marriage yeah
maybe lots of babies and lots of babies
that's up here yummy
letting you know wedding I got you I'm
like you we can have guys night Java oh
that's not good yeah it should I be
concerned like I'm kind of new to this
so we're just going to give you guys
some advice
oh the baby she's gonna be such a good
mom in case you had any other friends
guys whatever now got to know it I was
in this thing yeah I'm gonna pee don't
even don't even a little it's just so
guys no no I'm here you know you don't
wait get away forget I can't believe you
did that
Erica was trying a bit just down this
your hedges first bite I'm camera oh
this is great it's like reality show
keep going did all your fault I didn't
do it you told him to do that he
wouldn't do that so you guys need a chat
yeah no I just missed lot because he
peed on her wall basically guys like
where a lot of the inspiration came from
it's like I saw how well your guys's
channel was doing as a family channel
yeah and I was like I want to be a
Family Channel vlogger party very much
what family has children about me when
you're ready baby oh boy I'm not good at
this and we're gonna fix it okay aw see
it likes Eric so I'll vlog and you
parent vlog Harrison to his buddies next
they're saying the baby with this every
day bro weed every day bro we did use me
sense of fun we limited most never them
both and all the baby seems
what are the downsides of the Family
Channel thing or whatever there's no
downside man it's pretty amazing but
there's one rule on a family channel you
can't swear I actually don't swear I
just make dolphin noises like I don't
swear like hold most like I don't swear
it loads just dolphin noises we have
everything else it takes right kids are
like essential so you're going to need
to work on that I think he said I'll be
a great day that's what I heard too
chance what the hell now she's at
600,000 I gotta kiss because that's the
cool thing is yeah literally like an
hour ago I was like a swan McCallum be
good yeah but it's mainly about my
personality gasps I think she wants kids
how many more views yeah you're right
start a family channel different Brandi
goes to Graham's
Instagram subscribers you're like you're
a kid you can attack all the other kid
Brandon could be first yeah like they're
blowing up bro oh you guys had to
practice sleeping together on the best
you get you guys can take turns going
next to each other I mean we're all good
there just so you know nighttime cuddles
is only three months she be honest to do
the other stuff is really only for a
couple very much to the honeymoon phase
and like I say it's a job a little bit
you know fairly quickly okay okay good
you got it
Erica oh we don't even need that she's
already pregnant
god no it was a joke babies come from
Costco some fish
they're gonna be times when you want to
punch your wife oh yeah literally you
were going to punch her out here those
instead orders yes exactly
you're the processes all right inside
elevate in the room Oh when you see this
in the room you know you need to discuss
something oh my god good I thank God no
you guys are geniuses it's like a
talking stick so I hold the elephants
while I'm talking now it's round it's
hurry up you use Bell I feel like you're
mainly in this for the subscribers it
was my idea though I love you so much
baby for you guys especially you guys
are like a power couple on the Internet
I think it's a good idea to mess around
you want your faces plaster that says
Jerrica cheated No
those lives made up about me already and
I don't like it I don't like it at all
there you graduate thank you thank you
surprise driver come yeah it just went
up all right oh sure you know you got to
spice things up every once in a while
yeah oh yeah I guess boring the same
position gets boring all the guys oh
okay okay okay explain when you're
dating you're kind of like walking on
ice so you don't I'm saying you can't
farm you're dating and you're married ah
you're lighter it's all sex okay it's
been sexual for a little while yeah and
I'm a virgin so what does it say on it
right no that's for you chance imagine
that your little hubby and wife
ah hey Erica yeah I just want to say
you're doing so good on your first day
of logging
I literally just saw you like in there
like with all the angles like I'm so
proud I'm watching for a long time
alright guys so what do we what do we
like what's next honestly I probably
need to talk to you and and I definitely
need to talk to the girls
oh there's a couple things that are like
super important to remember but honestly
marriage is terrible you guys don't have
kids I feel like they are walking yeah
plus the views your channel you can't
blow it up Tatum and Oakley yeah that
doesn't compensate what advice could I
give you guys when you keen on that girl
you I mean nothing wrong with like like
admiring beauty
you can't touch and really you just
can't have at all you got to stay
faithful to your wife okay I'm ready for
that but like there's gonna go pro
anyways be in the NFL yeah NFL NBA
rapper maybe I mean I'm a rapper so he
probably is getting that gene I mean
just look we're all a clip that I got
got raw talent I'm happy for you guys
you ready to be a godfather
oh that's ready what if we try and buy
an Emma white married life stop you know
down I don't know some down the wife up
yeah it's really I don't have anything
else to say I mean marriage doc if you
want to check out like his family
channel because we're going to basically
be following all the kids but whatever
he does it's like we're gonna try yeah
so like I'm already gonna be watching
your channel so since I helped you guys
today
all the J colors need to subscribe to my
channel okay Kyler met it wasn't for
free yeah nothing's free nothing three I
mean I love your math yeah like the
links gonna be in the back yes thank you
guys for for for your time today and I'm
really excited for you guys say it and
I'll be at your wedding
as long as as long as I'm late I already
did the wedding yeah happens really fast
all right God please plenty of we're
thinking like me that's a good spot cool
enough said
the girls are having their meeting
hey guys can't hear ya
yeah you trying to come in hi Jake Oh
grab that way thank you
I'm gonna do some secret right now
that's my boy
did you tell your boss he's good he's
honest good let's go see what this give
me a skateboard hamburger at all
I'm flipping care brother ha ha you
can't do that right bro would be a cool
dad like him I'm all flipping send it
dude I'm joking at all it's like a huge
it's like a whole party now we got all
the families out here how are you
getting our UI oh did you see that she
did it back can we do it again yeah you
want you yes okay ah you're just like
shining right now like in this light
just so you know
oh thanks jQuery dude what are you doing
Adam Erica's got it she oh my gosh oh my
gosh I'm Aly later well we take colors
there's so much going on today has been
like it's so awesome and right now I'm
gonna introduce something new to you
guys so there's the same it's everyday
bro which you guys all know that same is
like not always just like oh I post a
vlog every day it's working out every
day it's smiling every day
grinding every single day chasing your
dreams every single day like changing
the world every single day I want to
introduce like a new segment to these
vlogs
that's called do good today basically I
want to try and do something good for
someone every single day or or whatever
it might be but just doing something
good in general to make the world a
better place I want to use that to
challenge you guys as well you can watch
what I do and maybe mimic it in your own
lives every day I'm gonna start off the
first one by like going around and just
giving everyone in team 10 a compliment
because sometimes the compliment goes
the longer way than you think
okay I think you make a great wife thank
you max I respect how hard of a worker
you are bro
thank you bro Chan you're the best
friend I could ever ask oh thank you
Megan your style is just always a one oh
yeah my Linh
I just those glasses are like goals I
love you hey Martinez rims I want to
compliment you and just say how far you
have come in the past like four or five
months of living in the United States
I'm so proud of you
Thank You Anthony you're one of the best
most hard-working guys that I know dude
oh thank you love you love you guys it's
as simple as that do good today
it doesn't have to be something in
saying every single day but try to do
something a little you know just just a
little bit just a little bit and you're
gonna change the world and it's every
day bro so the grind is real hey hey
karyam yeah you're up in my merch oh
yeah goodness Thanks we're still working
on Lincoln by a 20% off now do you do
this off camera what do you do this all
time for me what do you mean doesn't
matter it doesn't matter the cameras on
do you like jannat what do you mean
she's encouraging it she likes it he's
teaching me how to YouTube and I'm
probably not a very beautiful young lady
what's meaningful me what I mean YouTube
I'm Chum to not chance enough now
actually it's bad I thought they were
gonna be how's it without you man chance
is that Betty he hates it but we're
coming soon okay thank you bye our
quarter percent off summer sale promo
code always plug I'm not to go to the
gym you go oh you're going okay I'm just
really good look good for you same you
already look good honey oh nice I'm sure
they've done it sooner
yeah was ideal to the gym
yeah
ah
guys yo my boys are still grinding out
here
Jake Pollard's today was lit our first
day married Oh
how are you we're having a merchants
sale 20% off all uses you could use the
promo code always plug we will see you
tomorrow because it's every day bro
peace Jake Pollard's what's poppin check
out this new March whoo that merch is
hot boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow peace
