oh you guys sure about like just let
just let the sink it now would be the
time to back up here in like the
dressing room you haven't put the suits
on yet there's still time good morning
everyone
who's hungry I got room service oh no
what's up guys Louis look at this we're
soul Jake ballers what's poppin good
morning to you guys look at how dope
this hotel room is I think it's like
really expensive let's order some room
service get what you want kids oh nice
catch
Wow athleticism that's my boy but for
real no look at this view fan there's a
TV in the ground there's a sink there's
a sure there's a TV and a dresser
there's a fireplace fire I spit bars bro
there's a stripper pole in the shower
wait what you can control the shades
with this button yeah and look at this
surround sound speaker system it's
everyday bro with the Disney Channel on
YouTube yeah okay dope I got this hyah
yes yes we'd like the whole menu Thanks
oh yeah yeah boys we got food
okay so no nothing
never stop
yeah I need to stop bro you answered
like they just get married already like
that like why don't you just make it
official but seriously like what's the
deal what's that
no no what was that nothing yes go back
yeah go back to your doing doing things
that we just have best friend telepathy
what we did we just never wait times I
say you proposed to Tessa you're
opposing Erica help was there how we did
actually like legitimately get married
in Vegas all the time why so agressive
my ring pops flowers right we just flew
in a private jet
we have all this room service and you
can't buy rings no we have to figure out
how to do this bro I have a number to a
chapel where they do weddings in Las
Vegas hi I was running if you guys have
the slots open for two marriages at 4:30
what other times do you have let's do it
at 3:30 okay to rent like you guys have
like tuxedos and like dresses and
everything yeah how much would it be
total for the whole entire wedding just
the most basic one we're able to have
our own like cameras recording you don't
allow cameras okay thank you so much and
we'll see you at 6:00
Julie are you okay
we haven't asked them yet Oh guys I
don't my sure I forgot I forgot good
morning Jake ballers make sure you
smiling today make sure you have it on
the mater's make sure you're working
hard and if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul Goods Las Vegas this is Las Vegas
yes is the team 10 sweet yeah this is
petite and sweet and I yeah it's lit
every single day brah we have a proposal
and a wedding now to go to in we have to
get them to say yes we're in Las Vegas
we have to catch a flight later let's do
that trying to take us overseas cuz some
ass is in the scene since the age of 17
screams I got7 bacon cream I got7 finger
dream I got7 bigot dream 7 bigot dreams
I got7
bacon dreams like our second finger
dream
and now we are on the move with the
squad guys and we are trying to find a
ring pops it is a literally 110 degrees
here in Las Vegas we're sweating from
walking like two feet but we need these
ring pops for our wives
anything for our wives this is the
biggest joke of my life what are we
doing guys like what are we doing oh my
gosh pops pops we got them be like Erica
would like blue raspberry
can I have one I'm missing out yeah yeah
hi we're getting married today and this
is this is the rings for our wives have
you seen this before no no completely
three dollars and six oh yeah why do
they make all this type of Oh wedding
rings being so expensive
hopefully they say yes what the hey what
are the odds that you go in this carwash
under the dryers when that cars coming
through you have to go in the car wash
into the dryer small town ready one two
three three
yeah yeah it's good right that's how you
dry up in the United States here's the
plan
I'm gonna call them right now and tell
them to come get Froyo with us and then
you're gonna be like kind of flirting
with Tessa
take it out drop to a knee propose to
her we all start going crazy right yeah
hopefully we get the rest of the lobby
to freak out right which will most
likely happen because they have no idea
well congrats grats just when they're
not expecting it I pull out mine double
Doakes who came up with this idea
bring oh yeah we the best friend thing
well its dumbest you all right I'm
calling Erica hey honey what's up are
you are you with Tessa
we're all gonna get Froyo if you want to
come it's in like the food court area of
the hotel all right I'll see you in a
bit sweetie it's going great
all right so Erica and Tess are about to
be here we got some Jake Pollard's here
hey what's up guys we're about to
propose to Erica and Tessa when we do
that I need you guys to get hype and
clap
we want the whole like cafeteria to
freak out so you guys down that's my boy
Jake Pollard's are savages join the
family fam litter
so known each other for a little while
but uh I think and make it really
beautiful it's good I want to spend for
us
Hey
yo
we're in Vegas
can be feminine here oh they just got
married yeah not even in the spirit of
marriage they don't want us to get
married they don't want us to have
Lamborghinis
yeah what's up with this ring I like it
no I think it's time to take Jerrica
stop think you're so beautiful and we
get along so well since we're in Las
Vegas
I think it's a good time to ask my god
what are you doing
will you be my wife is he kidding right
now please take my hand in marriage you
know we talked about this got anything
you would say yeah the wedding is
yeah the weddings in three hours well
we're going back to LA you can really
only get married in Vegas we're so
motivated yo maybe if they get married
they could get a visa are we actually
getting yeah that's a thing we already
paid for the wedding put a lot they
believe so they want to get married to
me so they can get their visa I say we
have a challenge who is the visa yeah in
a couple hours at Erica Paul at Tyson
Sutton
that blows though dude hey where you're
my fiancee now so we're just like doing
this goal for the blog right I mean it's
not real it's for the vlog but like
we're actually getting married yeah yeah
so like in your guys's heads you can be
like yeah this is for the vlog but I'm
actually getting there
yeah we're getting we're marrying you
guys ballers I guess this is the
definition of what happens in Vegas
stays in Vegas we're just going with it
so this is getting pretty real right now
we are on our way to the wedding chapel
how do you guys feel you got your ring
you know chance I was thinking and bro
you're gonna have to delete your tinder
I already deleted it yeah Nick do they
do this in the UK no honestly I don't
quite sure what's going on I don't know
why do you even have your license so
we're all gonna die before you get
married so it's fine also this is
ridiculous can we talk about how erica
made a youtube channel in one day it's
two hundred thousand subscribers what
she had two hundred thousand one day now
she's marrying you she's gonna have like
two million mr. mrs. YouTube bro sis
we should get married right wait yeah
you'd go up because of my personality
most of the time I'll take it Martinez
look at the Trump Tower you see the
choke Tower
Marian Anthony so you'll get your visa
anyways we have three dudes not getting
married three best men that works sup
Kade you ought to be my best man
actually now
okay so we're getting changed kind of
freakin arrow debris to do we kiss then
when they go through kiss the bride
we've never kissed them before we know
you guys sure like just let just let the
sink in you guys about we're in it
together I mean yeah well now would be
the time to back up here in like the
dressing room you haven't put the suits
on yet there's still time yes so even
think we're committed yeah we're in too
deep but kisses after yeah there's been
honeymoon talk ever
yeah we're going to do a honeymoon just
wait for that part
you
the place that I got this from the thing
doesn't even have a button it's just a
bobby pin look it and then I attach it
to the yam screwed
how does this thing that's a that's a
tie with a boat you know but it's
actually a fake one cuz it's already
tied yeah I leave know how to put this
one huh it's like I supposed to be ready
for me yeah yeah hope you you guys know
what this is what this is gold this is
next
how many youtubers get married I don't
know what's your name Ben hasn't meet
you scared bro you're marrying us I am
do you want to make it legal do you want
to get legally married I don't know what
I want
we haven't seen Erica or Tessa yet this
is a bro
this is a big day here they come
thanks Emilio for walking them out
oh that's Yvonne we always talked about
these days I'm proud of you guys sup
Nick oh my god they look so beautiful
give the bride away
congratulations thank you you look
beautiful
thank you hold both your hands back yeah
at the blog the Jake ballers are here
with us
Jake and Erica chance and that someone
start by congratulating both of you on
your big decision to be there for each
other and to say I do to that special
person this is the moment that you'll
never forget as today you're committing
to that special person for the rest of
your lives this is the person gonna
start a family with yep lots of kids I
want you to Jake to start by opening
your heart to a beautiful wife to be to
express how much you love her and what
she means to you Erica I just want to
say you mean so much to me your big
green eyes and your luscious lips I just
want to be able to buy you a lot of
goats and just
I love I love I love you Erica what
would you like to share today with Jade
alright sorry again yeah I quit being
repulsed by you about a week ago what
we've lived together now for about a
year and a half so I think this is what
you do after that that was a terrible
switch dude you wanna start over commit
stay strong
finally ten what would you like to share
with death Tessa Brooks ever since I've
met you I've had a crush on you and in
this past couple weeks I've really loved
and I just think you remember
mesmerizing in every way everything just
said I love you I can't wait to spend my
life with you was my not that good yeah
playing black ops with you and Anthony
and you would thank the guy from Ice Age
was really cute
he does look like you guys my fish bring
us either side there Jake do you take
Erica to be your partner for life I poo
I do do you promise to comfort their
respect to be loyal to her from this day
forward I do Erica do you take Jake to
be your partner for life I do do you
also promised them to comfort and
respect and be loyal to him from this
day forward I do gesture do you take
chances to be a partner for life I'm
gonna start with your best man join us
love you i Jake take you Erica to be my
partner for life to have and to hold
from this day forward for better for
worse to love you and to cherish you
till vlogs do us part Nick Nick Nick God
okay okay that's well what am I to love
you and to cherish you to love you in to
cherish you till team ten does this part
that happens Erica I thought with you I
Erica take you Jake to be my partner for
life and with this ring I promise to
love you until YouTube there you saw
that yeah beautiful to kiss on the hand
this is the moment that you've been
waiting for with this scent now I will
ask if any objects any objections here
yeah
make your left
and now by the power vested in me by
Chapel of crystals here in beautiful Las
Vegas it's my pleasure to pronounce you
partners for life you may kiss your
beautiful bride yeah what we do at the
same time for the thumbnail yeah yeah
how are you gonna climb it on forever oh
that's good no no no it's kind of like a
joke there's none ours yeah there's like
low-key real it's okay how you doing in
the corner they're just recording stuff
yeah yeah you guys are great though
don't mind me okay okay what do we do
now yeah yeah my man wants some tags you
know the game that was great I'm gonna
be an uncle talking kids already what
about the honeymoon first honeymoon get
changed guys we're gonna go in the
honeymoon
life is about spontaneity capturing
moments and just going for it
sometimes that means getting married to
someone that you really don't even know
or I've never even kissed before or
dated or yo hold on no no don't
voiceover dude sorry bro
dude and sometimes you just got to marry
that person and I don't know what I'm
saying this is a complete completely BS
voiceover the wedding was really a joke
guys but we're gonna it's
and we're gonna play off of it and I'm
gonna act like we're married basically
and I think so is a chance and Tessa and
this this slow motion clip is gone
has gone Mike for a while now
but yeah let's keep going let's keep on
blogging what's next
whoa we're such a romantic meaningful
voiceover or jet is here but guys the
romance has to end
you mean the bromance can't say goodbye
here why oh that's weird to say we're
gonna go on the private jet back to the
team penthouse we'll see you there Ohio
and Michigan taking the team ten bus
back we have to talk to you know even
better we got married and we really got
married in Vegas yeah I just wants your
reaction it's kind of a last-minute
thing I gotta go mom I love you bye
guys on a jet wheels up back to LA and
guys if you want to follow along with
more like private jet stuff you can
follow at wheels up they're the ones
giving us this flight those my boys
always plug shameless before real hit
them up
back in LA it feels so good to be home
we killed Las Vegas let's go whoo yo yo
Erica as as kind of like my wedding
present from me and the Jake Wohlers we
wanna we want to see if the Jake ballers
how savage you guys are and if we get
Erica to 500,000 subscribers in one week
on YouTube I don't think that's been
done before
that's crazy if you want to check out
our channel I'm gonna put the link in
the description Jake ballers let's all
let's all bond together she's gonna
start posting videos soon so you can be
a part of what is your fan base have a
name yet not yet you give me a part of
Erica's fan base before before anyone
else and as always make sure you check
out that hot new March Lincoln bio
shameless plug we will see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bra
