I got all the necessary supplies here
Jake Pollard's turn myself into Erika
Costello for 24 hours gucchi my family I
love your outfit that pretty much
describes my life right now guys
everything is a fail on that and the
worst day of my life everything is going
wrong there's a like one I'm per usual
at the team that how's that you know how
my life is it's all over the place go
first of all look at the fish tank
that's still though I still love the
fish tank but yo I got my Teen Choice Oh
how dope this is only possible because
of you guys the Jake polish the
strongest team on YouTube good morning
guys how are ya having a ton of problems
today guys
click actual real life problems there's
drama there's so I can't talk about all
that but you don't want to know about my
problems like who else know about anyone
else's problems y'all got your own
problems that you had a deal with sorry
it's true though and you especially have
your own problems if you aren't part of
the Jake Paula family so smash that
subscribe button fix your problems maybe
join the madness on a day-to-day basis
it's literally everyday bro that's my
saying I made a song about it has 160
million views choice music web star I'm
not even don't even do music but if you
guys are new here my name is Jake Paul
you guys are the J Pollard's and y'all
just became a part of today's journey
welcome to the team 10 house
that's the squad team ten guys you're
probably wondering Jake where's your
cameraman why are you setting your
camera on this here my cameraman Nathan
you don't Nathan he's like deathly sick
I'm sitting here I wake up in the mornin
every one of the chief that house is
basically left no one wants to sit here
and grind with me cuz you know I mean
I'm grind i'ma grind a baby all I do is
mark well like when I get ill and like
have a fever I'm still logging cuz I
don't have a choice I'm here for you
guys the Jake clothes I love you guys
come here can we kiss whoa Jesus Christ
oh this is a giant Jake Paul face that's
a giant meat yo that's all oh my did you
you just caress it Armani I think your
employee has a crush on me that's sure
you could like Donald Trump or something
shot fired but speaking of problems and
crushes guys um I have a crush and I
have a problem all in the same one and
it is this little species right oh it's
out of focus hold on it's you yeah I'm
mad at you if a girl ever tells you that
that means she's not gonna fix it that
means that you need to fix it or
something like that I'm still trying to
understand the girl language so we're
gonna get you the reason why Erica and I
are having a problem in just one minute
I also have other problems look at this
we put my play button inside of the fish
tank yeah bro it broke me if you're
really asking the question I guess it's
both just kidding yo speaking of
yesterday I did friend Erica she got
pissed but know you're not replaceable
I'm just kidding there was a joke I'm
from Disney Channel that's just what I
do I'm a church but I do have this
surfboard that says I'm good at making
jokes it says look says choice youtuber
it says I'm a good youtuber I am
it says right there boom seat says it
editing tricks learn how to do it fact
I'm walking over here and see this metal
edge boom cut my leg basically off now I
know what your guys are probably
thinking I know what literally I know
what they're thinking because they just
said it but it is not just a scrap it
hurt my feelings but guys we're still
talking about my problems I still got
more to come like I don't know if you
want to hear yeah I got more to come
guys put your vlog belts on and get
ready for today's adventure okay okay
we're gonna bring it back to the old
Jake Paul days I would vlog myself like
this and then I do a camera flip
hopefully I don't drop you guys camera
flip I know what you guys are thinking
like yo Jake these aren't actually
problems bro like your life is so easy
you got a man chain you got a
Lamborghini guys let me inform you on
something
I'm only vlogging my problems that can
be vlog like I'm not telling you about
my diarrhea problems yeah another vlog
of a problem is that I don't eat guys
like I'm busy doing other stuff that I
don't eat today can we get food please
okay
that's my girl that's a flippin - all
Erika's my girl see this is awkward I'm
creating problems I'm so sorry no don't
even break don't even do that another
problem that our money and our Lucas
here are bringing up to me is that we
don't know where to put these giant
sunglasses I don't know if you guys
remember these from the New York and Los
Angeles pop-up shop those are lit by the
way I think you mer I'm thinking here
Armani where are we putting it you want
to put the glasses they're not directly
it's like one of those pictures that
just follow you along like the Mona Lisa
yeah yo is that coffee oh my god it's
that almond milk it's definitely almond
milk she's trying to start problems with
me today there would be an a right here
for almond you lie you lie where's
chance
yo yo now she's this morning bro
I was squatting her and she like broke
my back roll the clip
yeah
I was just trying to squat get my butt
looking nice you know so you're gonna
leave me to go to new bed while we're
talking about Erica going to Wow I spit
all over the lens I'm sorry sorry I'm
didn't mean to do that you know exactly
in the Jake Paulo come here anyway
Erica's going to an event and it all
started this morning when reality Ryan
caught us in a reality moment things got
serious and this is another one of my
problems roll the clip I'm going about
my morning and I figure out that erica
has some important event to go to at
night and that she has to be there but
the problem is is that she told me that
she was gonna spend the day with me I
don't want me to do I said I'm sorry I
didn't do it on purpose
it's I don't like I know it's not your
fault I'm just pissed dude I'm sorry
it's not don't say sorry you don't have
to be sorry
so basically Jake is having a bad day
and I told him that I'd spend the whole
day with him today but I forgot that I
had an event always do come on all right
well yo where's the come on we're going
to figure it out why don't we figure we
have 120 minutes to figure it out okay
not right now
see you're wasting time and then you're
gonna be mad at me
no yeah I'm gonna figure it out on my
own
oh we never just have like time to
ourselves and not that many people who
are here at the house today so we're
good no yes we are you first you yell at
me that you say I had that going ideas
and now you don't wanna hang out with me
at the same time he had to do all this
stuff that I have to do right now like
years ago so I wish he could just
understand where I'm coming from on this
one that just piles on top of like the
already bad day that I'm having and now
I have to like rush and like figure it
out and like we all and I hate like
rushing things like I'm a perfectionist
and like I think she sometimes forgets
like that you have to maybe put
relationships before work I figured out
the idea we're doing you got you be me
for a day and then I'll be you for a day
and then we try to understand I'm gonna
try and understand why you are crazy uh
and then and I'm gonna try you're crazy
yeah I don't know this is what I'm
saying I'm going through a lot and we're
still fighting by the way just so you
know
can anyone cheer me up pull my finger
bro you need Jesus I like that though
that was dope oh no they said oh he said
Nathan where are you oh wow he's
actually really sick okay yeah I'm super
sorry bro bro we need you right now
it's everyday bro there's no sick days
what I'm saying cuz how can I help you
succeed I'm going through a lot today
I'm having a bad day alright you heard
of here first guy's cancer oh that's
actually a good idea why
would you want to do just please your
talent I would film for you guys so I'm
talent I just can't okay I understand
that but what about if I gave you $10
who lives in a pineapple under the sea
Oh God
continuing on my list of problems and it
kind of ties back to the whole entire
Erica thing if you check your calendars
guys Oh yep it is February 1st okay
you're probably thinking Jake why does
it matter that it's February 1st and the
reason why is because it's Valentine's
Day
in two weeks fell into his days like oh
my god
oh my god I'm by myself everyone leaves
me including Erica which brings me back
to my point guys Erica left me it's
Valentine's Day in two weeks we were
supposed to spend time together today
and the reason why I'm so mad because
it's February 1st and Erica and blah
blah blah I'm trying to get to it but I
keep on getting interrupted because
there's so many problems I have a TD and
there's butterflies and stuff going on
but I just launched like some of the do
besmirch that I have ever made guys like
I'm super proud of it I put time into it
it's an all red collection Erica and I
were supposed to like spend time
together take pictures in it talk about
it hang out in it we're gonna go on a
date later and she just left me out here
to die but I come to the merch store the
lights don't work everything is like
rearrange kind of messed up there's just
piles of clothes everywhere but it
doesn't take away from the fact that
this is some of the sickest March that
we have ever created read out now and
forever hoodies read out Jake Palmer
heartbreaker hoodies guys I'm wearing
the red Valentine's Day shirt this is
the sickest row and not only that but
we're doing a 72 hour contest where if
you order a piece of Valentine's March
right now I'm a fan joy taco backs less
Jay Paul and become a part of the
strongest family on YouTube you have a
chance to get this heart guys I'm
putting this heart in the mail with one
of these sweatshirts that you guys order
and shipping it to one of your houses
guys if you get this here heart that I
licked tastes like paint that means that
you won the contest and I am flying to
your house with Erica no to spend
Valentine's
stay with you guys they're gonna be our
third wheel it was just kind of funny
like you're not gonna be my Valentines
Day date but you're gonna be Erica a
nice third wheel for this day like that
is super like yeah not only do the merge
yeah not okay these weird not only do
you get the super dump all red hoodie
but you do have the chance of getting
this car in your mail and I'm gonna be
coming to your house you're gonna want
to do this let's get a dope shot of it
you wouldn't get this for your boyfriend
or your girlfriend we all get to this
this is what they want clothes and you
also want to join the movement guys it's
about getting better every day working
harder every day smiling every day if
you haven't smiled already smile right
now guys but for real join the movement
it's about love it's about red it's
about Valentine's Day right right see
and there's only limited quantity and
you know the Jake Pollard's are savages
we're the strongest team out there and
they're gonna sell it all out so go
while you can tell your mom tell your do
choice or whatever excuse you need to
make to get the dope with sweater all
I'm saying is you gotta hustle nowadays
kids however it is kind of funny because
I have been like single for every single
Valentine's Day of my life basically
so this is gonna be my first one with
like a bay or arrow with Erica or
girlfriend or wife or whatever we want
to call it I don't know what it is
really I mean I do but I don't you know
nothing basically it's complicated guys
but yeah we're fixing all of our
problems we fixed the merge problem we
plugged the March we did our whole promo
things I put blue tape on my cut but we
still have one problem guys uh yeah
what's the problem the problem is is
that like I don't understand why Erica
like actually thinks it's okay for her
to just like dip out when she said that
you were gonna spend time together and
kind of in our conversation earlier I
said like you know the only way I can
understand what you're thinking about
and why you think it's okay just to
ditch me is no the only way is if I
become Erica I dress like her I think
like her I act like her because that way
guys I'll be able to like process in my
mind and I'll understand and then I
won't be mad at her so that's the
solution before you go in that Erica's
that you should probably go up to your
room what's in my room Krista
that's what she gets you are you sure no
poisons my Starbucks gets me a cake
she's trying to get me fat what is this
oh you think of cave know what we don't
want to try it just a little bit just
say goodbye just a bite just a bite but
yo Erica you think a cake is gonna make
everything okay hmm
although I'm a little bit less mad at
her because of that
who was super thoughtful especially
because cake rhymes with Jake you know
animes you know who's hinting towards us
because our ship names cake cake like
like me and like me and you do you want
a date
Wow nice Wow let's do this Erica okay
boys I got all the necessary supplies
here Jake Pollard's to turn myself into
Erica Costello for 24 hours I don't know
if you can do it I'm being honest I let
me do it so then I can understand where
she's coming from why she's mad at me so
that in turn I can understand why not to
be mad at her when you become too
beautiful don't let me try to kiss no no
no I'm Erica cash now oh my god is that
a camera come on snap this thing huh
girl you know it's been stressing me out
you don't even want to know and God tell
me about him he said to me you know he
said to me the other day and of love he
said to me he's like yeah Erica I think
you should stop wearing makeup oh no you
didn't sister you said I look better
without makeup I'm so funny because this
morning big bucks and like it was kind
of like a hinge to tell him it he's fat
like almond almond nope not regular
about what happened getting a little
tubby in the stomach area but if he
doesn't notice this hey don't say that
feel good GG whoo oh my god that's so
annoying
Oh like you didn't need to bring that up
have you ever thought maybe she looks
like you I was gonna say Gigi Hadid
looks like me but no one gets that
because she does like vs or whatever but
like have you seen my pool photoshoot oh
let's go out today yeah without the boys
girls tell Jake that I was going to hang
out with him because it's February 1st
and like like Valentine's Day and like
we're doing a contest a 72 hour contest
where if somebody gets a piece of merch
then we're gonna go visit them for
Valentine's Day or should I just ditch
him I think he would get to you yo yo
that's it we figured it out Erica
probably thinks that I would have
ditched her for an event wrong so she
thought it'd be okay that it's you
Erica yeah I'm not mad at you I realize
why you ditched me it's okay now
everything's okay well I realize that
you ditched me because you thought that
I would have done the same thing yeah
we're gonna I'll see you tonight okay
it sounded like that wasn't the reason
yeah we're gonna have more problems
anyways Jake Pollard's cut yourself some
of the hottest brother game you know
look at this look at this Valentine's
merge cuz it's pretty hot you're gonna
want to win the contest guys I kind of
want to be with you guys with
Valentine's Day or you want to come with
us on the contest they're like now I'm
trying to game join the show you see
mine you do smash that subscribe button
right now guys and I will see you for
another lit venture tomorrow because
it's every day bro peace join the
everyday Pro movement people and calc
your self some of the hottest urged in
the game go right now because the take
collars sell everything out and slash
don't subscribe button and join the most
let YouTube channel on YouTube I'll see
you all tomorrow can't join the show you
see my here
