I still want to drive this truck dude -
so bad good morning boys what I want
hey don't cry no you know I'll do it
I'll do it go on and Jake colors what's
poppin guys it is an early morning we're
about to start shooting a music video
oh snap Jake you're shooting a music
video yeah baby we're back at it we got
the whole squad here we got some babies
we got some Erica we got some Madison's
we got some Kyle oh we got some you know
what you guys are just average before we
start shooting this music video I want
to give you a little bit of a backstory
on what we have going on we stayed up
all night last night to make this song
that we're about to shoot the music
video - so uh Jake back to you last
night
flashback late nights and early day
it'll probably be that way until the
pearly gates got here to the studio it's
midnight the grind is real Jake ballers
you gotta want it Jake ballers I hope
this gives you motivation to grind we're
never sleeping if you want something in
life bad enough you got to get it it's
not gonna come to you it's just a matter
of do you want it or don't you
that's literally what it comes down to
let's make a song wait wait you guys
want to hear the beat but do you hear
that oh is that a country song I'll
fried chicken I were going to go in
losing our minds our country accent if
you gotta cry it's like 2:00 a.m. or
something it's lit yeah give me a lime
chance Oh see that's how living come
around town your body says ah
lay down oh my gosh
we finished the song guys the grind is
real we have to wake up soon um back to
you Jacob thank you thank you thank you
thank you Jake for sharing that with us
we're having a good morning Jay Paulus I
hope you're killing it I hope you're
smiling I hope get to have been on the
maitre I hope you're working hard
because we are and if your new year I'm
Jake Paul this is the team task and it's
lit every single day bro you say let's
do that thing you sit look do that dang
oh so sorry baby I hit the baby with the
camera okay look so guys I'll give you a
little sneak peek the song is going to
be up on my youtube channel in a couple
of hours with the full music video
she'll be able to check that out the
name of the song is called Ohio Fried
Chicken yes we had we had to do it we
had to do it how do you know hi hi boy
oh my god oh there's a feeling music
video oh my gosh this is a cuteness
overload I'm going it's so here so we
have these overalls and cowboy boots
outfits let me get changed into it here
eggs oh yo look at these boots baby I'm
out here you know revving it Wow
I got my band banner I got my overalls
you don't know nothing about this life
whoa wait what
yo put your office on guys what are you
doing yeah wait ready I'll be ready
three two one
whoa yo let's lift them
oh it's hot boys ha boy country ha ha
how you doing good are you got your
country accent all I'm a director Zeke
video uh I'm a director bro first shots
up in five minutes let's get it rolling
that's a chicken that is a chicken don't
hit it don't nope nope nope arrogance
favorite thing in life is goat what's
your name oh okay so the animals are
leaving we're about to go to our second
location yo where you guys going what
that's big what Las Vegas have you heard
of Las Vegas every job oh this is a jake
paul to video if you want to want to
subscribe my jig wall to channel have
you heard of Las Vegas what that's
bigger very guys oh that's a guy Oh Las
Vegas getting like bagels yeah okay yeah
bigger so you guys are going there we're
finishing this music video and then
meeting the rest of season in Las Vegas
about to be lit oh yeah
whoo so we came to Ohio Fried Chicken to
get some shots hopefully they're not
going to get mad at us and kill yourself
it's not a music video you will give you
similar to shot the whole entire scene
here they didn't care we'll give you a
little sneak peek with a different song
though
now I'm getting drone shots oh I see
oh gosh I'm out of breath
this is the most losing video we've made
yet guys that's a wrap
finish the music video now let's go do
something
whoo whoa what's up guys we're doing
some things right now we're at gia I
automotive I just want my first car
Anthony enchants just got the first car
it's a thousand horsepower course no
actually it's not
not the car at all sorry guys exposed
basically this car is a Corvette I don't
even know if you can tell basically
it'll go like over 200 miles per hour
and they're giving it to us for a day or
two I would never trust myself but now I
don't know how we get into the situation
yeah but yeah yeah be cool well I'm down
for it this exhaust it looks like it's
gonna kill someone that was the
intention oh you guys actually kill
people with that absolutely I'm gonna
leave okay I'm leaving
all right who's riding with me rock
paper scissors show the game it has this
is going to happen constantly when I get
my Lamborghini I rock paper scissors hit
it one out of one best try to snow
always going on one out of one just the
way to go you ready rise baby I died
rock paper scissor shoot oh I still want
to drive a truck to get so bad that
Atmos don't drive a car easy do recipes
leave leaving chances legit out bro you
know it's funny we're gonna be in a
homestay yeah my boy Travis is starting
it up let's hear it
oh it's so loud what why what oh who are
you I don't know
it's got airbags to lift it up because
it's so low what are you look good y'all
exactly you looks like to you on
technique if you moments lay down ladies
you want to ride come on you guys are my
type
all I'm saying is there's two of them to
be passed back we got fast stars yeah
they were down
it is that it was unreal bro the power
isn't a guy so we are here back outside
of Azad life
we got the squad did you want to say
something and this is like the set for
today it's a cotton candy forest look it
we have to dive into this are you ready
to die there oh my god I don't want to
dive into this yeah it's not real
caramel that's what's what's bad to like
it what is it tell us methylcellulose
its Matt Matt okay alright Josh we're
like wearing white and we both have to
dive into there anyway you have to walk
into there - I don't want to do this at
all oh gosh this is what we do well
correctly today just sucks to be an
actor Hank Disney - are we jumping in
now there we go
your elegance your Lagoon oh I will set
up the situation I am also very upset at
this situation oh that for right
oh now I want you guys to just be
cuddling in there a great 20 minutes
later yeah Betsy was crazy guys those
caramel stuff stars burn our skin we
like burned our skin off it sounded like
barn
and my boys got signing you the rash
yeah it's fine nothing faster for
Asher's bro yeah while you're grinding
yeah sweet but guys I do want to bring
up the fact that we're all here grinding
Sam I'm 15 I got it I got a job I come
to work five days a week that's not
really impressive well I will say it we
shot a music video today we blog today
we're on set today we're off to workout
today I'm gonna see how high I am okay
I'm sorry I thought came all the way out
into the hallway let's go back to the
musical I can't come to this oh my god
oh oh oh we're pretty tired today has
been crazy don't forget about the March
like I said yesterday we just restock
some new items so go to the link in the
file id know my baby he's repping my boy
Kenny and also the iPhone giveaway don't
forget all you have to do is follow me
on instagram at jake paul scroll down
subscribe too much and i'll turn on my
post notifications and count on you and
comment when you are done and guys the
music video is going to be out in a
couple of hours so be ready for that and
guys we want to see if we can get it to
number one on iTunes so as soon as it
comes out are you ready to buy it I soon
because last time we got the number two
so Jake Pollard's can you beat that
I don't know I think you guys are savage
enough strongest family out there
so let's go I think we got I think we
got a fried chicken like bang and Jake
Wallace I will see you in a couple of
hours with the music video because it's
twice a day bro oh my god
oh my just a couple of times it's it's
twice a day bro sometimes Jake Pollard's
what pop and check out this new March
oh that versus hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
