I hate you right now guys my mom is a
youtuber it's official she just got her
first brand deal
my mom she went to school for years and
years to be a nurse and she got a brand
deal on YouTube now oh my oh snap before
this rant cave can you girl my post face
is here so do you know yeah yeah yeah
you go get it out of my thumb it's gonna
finish this rant okay cool my mom is a
youtuber she literally got a brand deal
and is making guac bro she texted me she
goes I got a brand deal honey aren't you
proud of me haha I don't like no mom go
mom damn you got a brand new vlog mom oh
my god no wait are you quitting your job
as a nurse how's that my post name yeah
I'll get a bite I love you but I'm gonna
have to ask you to stop doing YouTube
it's a pride thing no I'm joking mom you
can do YouTube all you want don't let
anyone stop you follow your dreams vlog
mom mom mom you can do it work hard
every day smile you got a bond the
haters yeah wait okay bye mama I love
you hey good morning wait wait wait whoa
whoa whoa why are all of you up early
morning yoga
what yoga where was my invite Erica said
Americana now
oh my invites in the mail yeah for next
time he's everything about forever we
want it was dope it wasn't really let it
feeling my inner I got never I'd see
that room you couldn't even wake us up
this morning
well good morning guys I thought hi you
want us to go back and bed so you can
wicks up yeah I'd love to actually go up
there I'm gonna prank you okay wait can
we help you Frank Martinez right yeah I
know that like oh my god you've never
been a part of a morning grind up wait
wait Oh what are you like a real jerk oh
yeah dude it's right-field Jerrica
there's definitely tension you got
something sparking like Zeltiq is
something in the room it's like love so
that I don't need to type so much come
on taking that a lot what step at a time
okay don't think about marriage yet all
I can think about is marriage all hate
it like a week all right enough with
this but I'm with this let's go wake up
the Marty Nestor I beg you guys should
just do it and I'll just be there oh man
what do you get what do you want more
Jesus my mom text me are you pulling my
leg or do you really want me to stop
vlogging she's of you let's merge gone
with food yet more troubleshoot some
point blank there are a few moments
later this is gonna hurt ah there's one
Oh
no ammo it worked out I so change engage
just a couple of dudes in the best
results may vary any health or medical
issues are not elf all right to me oh
wait hold on I'm just going to enjoy it
here okay yeah that's like I'm feeling
risky good morning Jake polish I hope
you're having a good day how are you
guys doing good
did you get a shower together or what
yeah the best that good morning Jake
polish I hope you're killing it hope
you're smiling I hope you're working
hard I hope you're dabbing on the haters
and if you're new here I'm Jake Paul see
this is the jeans at house and it is lit
every single day bro Martinez friends
can you hit him with it yeah I got two
good Oh
yo guys are you feeling okay dude you
guys are washing stuff I don't think
I've ever seen you guys clean or wash
anything in your whole entire life
we're turning over a new leaf yeah you
can change for any time that's not all
mending and then that's Ohio things man
how about washing in my car
noisy laughs we invited fans and their
car to wash the car for your selfish ass
car but how it would appear we had
schemes in carwash Erica all lathered up
I feel like that's like actually charged
oh I should we have a seasoned car wash
yeah
t10 carwash where's Erica and Tessa well
when we get all of you like that you're
like our pocket right that's my girl
come in oh hi dad hey what do you got
the oven I'm eating crackerjack that's
so old they what's up to the jigsaw oh
that's my girl she liked how I parked my
car look at how good I parked it look at
how good this parking job is so whenever
you're shopping I already the second so
we're going to Jenny Craig are you Jenny
Craig to yourself okay then we're
leaving cool we get distracted too easy
is that about if these taste good no
they don't
we're getting bucket and sponge and and
Car Wash stuff you good yeah I'm gonna
Bret whoo here we go here we go all
right we got some so picking at the car
wash was in there I go attention all
shoppers attention all shoppers the team
ten house is going to have a carwash
later let me get your car right baby for
you like and subscribe Murch link in by
always plug and Jake ballers that's what
they love you bunnies
hmm all right so now we are back in the
team penthouse we got our supplies we
got the rest of the antenna is about to
be here guys less car wash
we're one transition in the song plays
for one second doesn't let me show you
oh right anus
all right boys oh they were missing his
clients girls the Martinez students we
need to do some marketing no please
you're going to help we need girls we
need we need to go on the Main Street
my feet are so hot all right guys start
hustling come here
oh not the way to we are feeling so hot
the band's looking dirty sorry dad
there's no girls okay look how hot
Janice you don't feel like they should
be wanting the carwash I feel like we're
selling selling we're selling it yeah do
you want to be our first customer
yeah they're down yo we got a car wash
enough with the games what we came for
all right mr. Carr this is like I needed
to collect oh man this is for the Jake
Paul foundation not too much no this is
good
I think they tell him it was only 20
bucks no no just walk away yeah he'll
see you guys later okay one card down
now we're gonna start hustling for more
Erica should be here to say honey let me
tell you something your car is looking
it alright job up over to here $20 for
Carla all the money goes to the general
foundation yeah I would if I had it
right now okay no eventually guys we ran
out of cars we ran out of wash you don't
know what to do man I think my girls man
oh hi guys Oh will you be in our dry
watching showers yeah I'm gonna Keaney
yeah oh my god let's do a car wash
the man gave all
I even
show me how to how to because you can
light up that game
we're gonna provide all the people
together homie in your heart
Cohen I don't need or
Oh
Oh
all right guys thank you so much for
coming to the carwash gonna be me but
yeah that's fine
sorry Maya that's my girl right there
Oh yo that carwash was so much fun guys
whatever it is I so so I'm gonna tell
the story we're inside chillin here I
got changed whatever's going on all the
sudden we're and we know what though we
know that sound line a drum like I'm not
I'm not flying a drone right dude so we
go up we look in our back yard and
someone is flying a drone like spying
into our backyard in the coming into the
backyard it's one thing if you guys come
here which were like we don't love for
you guys to do because it's like a
privacy and stuff like that but like but
like it's wrong a drone ice camera
recording us yeah coming into our
backyard way too far way too far we go
into full defense mode roll the clip
someone else is grown
don't find Johnson - okay you get that
out front we'll talk to you we'll say hi
to you maybe bro in our backyard - pelea
taken out but the drone wasn't broken at
all we gave it back to us and we deleted
the one clip of him in our backyard we
just basically told them like yo please
don't hide the drone in our backyard how
we're playing again the Cree play it
again drone if you if you find a Joan up
at our house it's getting taken down and
guys the next one we're keeping well
you're welcome to try
nah don't try whoo yes baby we are back
at a Disney Channel on set of bizarre
Vaart I got a change really fast you
real oh yeah baby all right
change coming up and I got my makeup on
I'm an actor bro
oh let's flip an axe bro
now I'm smart if you don't read book you
can get out you don't like USA you can
get out what do you think of all this
yeah you don't like you get out whoa
guys what is popping today has been
incredible and you know if you want to
but you should want to you should check
out the merch like in my very shameless
plug I really don't care but usually
guys that merch it out we just restocked
some items for you go and there's a
couple more days left of the iPhone
giveaway all you have to do is follow me
on instagram at jake paul scroll down
right now subscribe to the youtube
channel
turn on my post notifications and
comment when you're done jake polish i
will see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bro
bruce cake Pollard's what's up and check
out this new March whoo that March is
hot boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
