okay guys I just woke up but last night
catched a red laser to the March gun
let's see what we could do
I gotta
we love it
hold on some more good we'll hit him
with the Alpha Frappuccino everyone
likes the Frappuccino in the morning
everyone I should prep with you I feel
like we should see how far this will
shoot whoever shot it outside a few
moments later
Oh depth our neighbours on submerged
flavors got the worst job easily my
favourite new way of waking everyone up
that thing is so much fun but good
morning Jake's haulers and check this
out
your Twitter the fans go to those jiggly
I go what do you mean they go I think
something happened like he's acting
really really weird I'm like check
Twitter
yo guys my Twitter sadness and love
treating the holiest thing oh that's
what do you want hug
Julie 100 Street hey everyone it was
some streets this guy's probably like in
his mom's basement right now like skinny
anon yeah I hacked a koala Stan just
texted the group chat I was like yo
chick is your Twitter like no no no no
we just speaking the truth this new year
new me well played hacker well played by
but now it's time to do it up well just
got to West Coast Customs guys because
I'm about to pimp out a Focus RS gonna
add a little something something to it
you're gonna like it
alright so I'm here with Ryan and the
rest of the squad say what's up guys you
guys gonna pimp out the car right we not
use that word okay uh you guys are going
to customize the car alright so what are
you guys thinking I think we definitely
should redesign the rap I'm about that
I'm about that the Jake Waller the
savage I was I was telling them like yo
we need a pop we need to be out there we
need to be bold because that's how you
guys should live your life we'll make
that happen
we're going to do the wing it's going to
have a phat wing on it but both wings
yeah so much speed highlighter yellow
wheels or something that flashy that
pops with the rap
the rats were going to leave for
surprise the rest is surprising so Jay
Paul's you're gonna have to stay tuned
I'm excited guys bumpy pimp it not
pimping it's lot to be cool great
customized I'm not a lot of sleeping and
is actually in fact not going to be
pimping it is going to be customized
Jake's RS project on three one two three
Jake's RS all right break you know what
you know what we're gonna leave it at
that and just never do it again and act
like it didn't happen okay I ship you
guys ah no no you loved you have a crush
on them I really don't though Disney
stars date even evening your
girlfriend's evening your girlfriend I
mean I said do it would you would you
let your daughter a day Ethan yes make a
good couple
you really wouldn't though look at that
height difference it's not about height
saw personality who do you stop let it
go you go girl let go never yourself
yeah we're gonna happen you just doubled
you just throw my phone yeah I don't
think you understand I have a Martinez
twins case on there which means that it
can never break so our teenagers are
invincible lose that bro
music game bro look at it you cannot
beat them you cannot beat the beauty of
this thing just do it that's a bug with
one hand so I can't fight them with the
other row the Martinez twins cannot be
overpowered look at their how beautiful
their faces are okay you want to talk to
that thank you
you also my father taught my marathon
everybody campus never mess with the
Martinez - we're doing business y'all do
some more business
I'm even think yeah because you know you
know yeah not you okay cool
yeah yeah no no the taxes are coming in
the mail now I'm a little busy right now
I'm trying to get a lot of something
yeah I know okay Oh see what you I'm I
got a baby and I'm on a phone call okay
all right
okay I'll call you back I'll call you
back okay okay so I'm here with my boy
Eric how's it going guys Eric makes
spaceships
I bought rocket ships rocket ships out
on rocket ships so he hit me up and was
like yo yo yo I was like yo yo yo and
then he said yo I was a Yelp and so
basically long story short he was like
yo do you want me to put like your name
or what do you want me to put on this
rocket ship because why not and
absolutely so I had to get Jake's name
and and we're collecting all these like
really really cool people we got Taylor
Swift onboard we got all these people on
board and we London grade just the
coolest people's name on the satellite
to go to space to represent the world
and we had to have Jake's name oh cool
oh cool we put we put his above Taylor's
no that's my flippin boy Eric Taylor
Swift thing got nothing on me she's got
a lot on me a lot but but guys Eric also
put it every day bro on a rocket ship so
like literally we're all going to space
like it's everyday bro and like what
that means like grinding hard every
single day improving your life every
single day working out every single day
blogging every day whatever it is for
you but like so powerful we're going to
space bro on stage thanks to Eric so we
get thanked Eric we're going to space
shake polished oh my god
all right guys so I am on my way to an
acting coach so that I can practice for
an audition that I have coming up you
really want to practice your audition
before you go in as many times as you
can so that you can nail it and practice
makes perfect and like no matter what
you're becoming a better actor whether
or not like you get the role or not so
it's always good to just put like your
fool effort into it let's go to Elle's
latest whoa just got done I'm an actor
Oh oh gosh Jake here in a car by
yourself Jill let's go do something oh
oh hey guys oh what's poppin so
basically I got a new phone number today
right right right so what happened is is
when I started texting people they're
like who is this Jose oh snap no one has
my number and so now we're about to take
advantage of that opportunity basically
we're in a pool prank on Erica and Tesla
it's called the stalker prank or
whatever I'm going to text them and be
like hey I like what you're wearing
well they're like what oh yeah so on
some random person freaked out some
random bursting out my phone number and
I'm gonna be really specific with the
text and try to freak them out and act
like I'm a killer or something inside of
the team penthouse oh that's okay did I
not have this trick using the ocean I
still Mitch I still never police
purposely yeah oh really he's going to
be doing that I'm gonna be like I'm
gonna be the hidden camera and I'm gonna
be texting them in the corner and
they're gonna add to it maybe like God
why don't you go outside and like bang
on the window like edge which add to it
where actor we're actors that's what we
do
look cute watching that yeah yeah yeah I
wish I was that March area no is the
serious way what are you talking about
well then why is everyone here a number
of years ago I can't ask you mrs.
log4net
a band or something or a polymer is
empirical releases calls because I'm
inside here
yes I should espanol beautiful actually
died here and as you're saying somewhere
so people social interactions are
seniors yeah wait a second both of you
yes I got it on our number pretty 16
number with a please they implicate her
and agate and I run over no examine on
me ever
you know I'm lying kind of said no
inside one first typing it out
oh I know there's you typing yeah do you
have your phone yeah and the keys have
no way wrong there's no way out is there
any time oh no not amazing it's a house
from across
yeah but also like this other one result
in a hospital policy yeah no oh I forgot
this is over I saw how much beautiful I
can tell you shit Hey
yeah they're all here the Husky er um I
mean look she's out there remember Pam
Anderson insane it's not that late
you're looking in the wrong spot
I wish I'm gonna say I'm gonna say I'm
gonna talk nice I'm gonna say those
booty shorts are too short I'm texting
Erica don't trust anyone
no one says that
say something funny but oh my god
yeah I'm going to say come up come
upstairs and play whether we know I said
Isis and not come out so not tell the
best on the grassland I'm gonna say
there's more there's a couple of us okay
there's a couple our towel race to get
away from you or he's dead to go to get
away for you or be said to what come
upstairs and pile good Channel yo you
gotta be chill no I got on children Jake
is not straight all over it's not
strange in my room over there
they're upstairs no or close the door we
should all stairs
no no I see we go upstairs go upstairs
okay come upstairs players what
we go upstairs you're the sunrise why
don't we make money online I'm gonna
have a gun can go - I'm not gonna move
the system oh well oh no I don't have a
man
they're over there and they're very
easily someone here
it's typing you need to just attack me
right now maybe it maybe someone in here
near my crack
no one fucks it up wrong with it yo baby
bruh guys now we're getting out is there
anyone else in there no no someone else
along here I don't know guys I was about
to start editing but we're literally
about to die trying to go stairs in the
first place alright yeah we stick
together
yeah why don't we just
oh okay
now hey let me check I ran through I'm
gonna leave my daughter come on one one
one one
close that door close that door well
that's all ya get oh honey oh honey I'm
gonna say good now we have Jake and
Anthony way there's another text
actually yeah Mac Mac and Anthony
I'll call this off
oh I just heard the back door honey open
the back go to the front you know this
is working so well for you with it I'm
based I'm here to end it no no no no oh
you should know yes yes
I'm upstairs sending one of your men is
so freebie oh my god
yeah y'all are dummies
Oh
to everyone besides them I'm surprised
they think that we'd let some you to be
Andrew yeah where did I go I just
disappeared right good job Kane is out
finisher Rick should we film it for the
cops I got a new phone I got half you
didn't see the slipper Rue de que did
you know or were you
yo lohuis we did that perfectly low see
Jake polish well I was absolutely lit
check out this hot new merch Lincoln bio
and don't forget about my iPhone
giveaway all you have to do a solemn an
Instagram at Jake well scroll down
subscribe to the channel turn on my boss
notifications account when you're done
and Jake parlors we will see you
tomorrow because March Lincoln Maya
seriously cop that shit
Jake Pollard's what stop and check out
this new March Oh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
shirt see you guys tomorrow
