Oh shush run what's up guys yeah this
came in the mail I robbed like what this
is a date oh we are about to have some
fun this is a merch cannon launcher
paintball gun propane-powered thingy
thing in the big hole in the front and
all you have to do is I get some March
specifically some God Church merch
step two is fold up the march in step
three is insert the merch you really
want to ram it in there oh yeah and then
you fill it up with air and then you
shoot it oh that's how we're gonna wake
everyone up
I filled it up with
Oh reloading air pressure ready
oh really loving who wants a merge
Lincoln mile she's loaded air air air
bomb the whole oh my god no I got miss
Tony's crew it's so violent reloading
reloading you gotta clean my car Lincoln
my oh good morning Jake Pollard's what
is going on baby
oh you're having a great day I hope
you're killing it I hope you're dabbing
on them haters I hope you're smiling and
I hope you are working hard if your new
year I'm Jake Paul this is the team ten
house and it is lit every single day
Brad we have a really busy day ahead of
us so um then do that okay so we're on
set of bizarre dark and it's divorced
sixteenth birthday so we got her like
all these rule I didn't get her did you
ask the other cat the rest of the cast
got her all this stuff so we're all
surprising her for her sweet 16 becoming
real with the hurry yeah oh do I get
this guy's we're bonding
12 seconds later
okay this is to show you that we love
you what did you wish for
for more views likes and subscribe
pretty much yeah oh you got a birthday
thing we're like one big family good
plug your plug group group hug
this wants a divorce I did none of this
I've logged it arguably more important
to be vlogs cuz you can watch this when
you're about the dot you're gonna die
you're gonna die you 100% chance are
dying but you can watch the vlog
Nickelodeon on three one two three mi
Sabbath yeah happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear of all I let you try to
scream musically in snapchat
happy birthday to you
ah now your room is a complete mess and
you're by yourself
I'll see you later it's like was it a
good thing maybe but was it a bad thing
definitely yeah do you think we should
clean up for her as like a birthday
present nah 20 minutes later Ethan um
bro I've been meaning to ask you I feel
like you're you're lonely door is
working you're 15 years old you're from
Hawaii but you're in Los Angeles because
of the Disney show you do like online
school do you have friends or like how's
your love life bro like oh it's fine I
just want to let you know like if you're
ever just feeling like cuz I always see
that you're mad and like you get angry
really easy like a little elf I just
want to put it out there that if you
ever like I know you come to the team to
the house sometimes but if you ever want
to come more and like you know hang out
with us if you need some friends brother
just the invite is there I mean I got
friends I have friends you know like I
have I have friends and stuff
so I still talk to Maya this is your
room where are they like I still talk to
the kids from Hawaii and stuff
you know you still snapchatting girls or
yeah you're talking to girls yeah yeah I
am yeah how is that going is it yeah
well the thing that the dilemma that I
have on a day-to-day basis that like I'm
honest I'm a simple guy so I'm just like
math one plus one equals two the thing
that's crazy to me and I have the same
problem with the Martinez twins is omn
like we talked to a lot of girls but I
just look around and I never see any so
I you know I mean all right yeah ah so
it's like good night didn't I uh DM one
of your good friends
yeah Erica yeah it's really it's a joke
for the vlogs it's just for the logs
she has no actual knowledge is okay you
guys get your ass get married maybe one
day also what happened here what
happened there's there's little holes
ass stop it a little holes in there sure
I got Arthur I don't do that I don't
have holes in my shirt ah I'm growing
really fast
I'm Instagram or what in like real life
oh you're getting taller mich where
where extension past seven months anyway
yeah anyway guys alright my man needs
Jesus I'm just too big for this shirt
I'm just too muscular to freakin mastic
did you did you flex just there yeah
okay yeah yeah okay
yeah doh
I was like it was like an illusion yeah
but hey you're gonna see something now
and then you're like oh did you see that
and I didn't see anything
let's get a replay on the flex a replay
on the flex to freaking mastic
bro vacuum house how you doing bro I'm
gonna miss you how sir good dude did I
miss anything today not sure it has been
going on I did I'll let you finish I I
cool eyes
did you miss me what's up bro bro yeah
are you doing ah no way no way yeah are
you guys gonna get off of your asses and
do something today I leave you're gay me
I come home you're gaming for the gym
you're gaming
after the gym it you're gaming I know
you like soccer but come on guys
seriously guys let's do something you
guys want to do something seriously as
well tell me what time you woke up this
morning no I turn Q I don't know who I
was up no no I came in the room and
you're like so say now red like oh you
woke up five minutes before oh
when Knicks man it's the best noon you
got our bed you have the easiest jobs in
the world and you don't do them I can I
agree guys I'm sorry it's not easy being
creative I'm gonna do verify you on
Instagram yeah get up Nick in the old
days when our parents were like young
there are imma imma beat your ass you're
grounded and then now it's like you're
unverified just connect your Wi-Fi yeah
right this is what we we now have to do
alarms look no I set them this morning
enough sir
you don't I'm waiting up at 9:30 to run
everyone is 9:30
you realize that 99% of Americans have
to be at work at 8 a.m. at work which
means if they're jogging in the morning
they're jogging at 6 a.m. bro in this
little room explain their lease fall
over 12 12
I won that makes it okay for you to be
live higher bro come here he come in you
made it man we gotta wake up early
no no bro if you want your visa you have
to okay hey right hey I'm getting a job
McDonald's yeah okay something is going
on what's going on we're in Erica's room
alone hahaha so that only means we're
gonna do a prank right yeah we're gonna
do a prank I don't need to do anything
else
yeah oh man does it smell as good as I
think it does
no okay just smells like some sheets hey
drink you're a weirdo I'm more than that
I'm a good guy okay just kind of I'm
gonna leave that in there but I'm gonna
say cut it up cut that out because it's
not alright so yesterday I'm gonna call
them the ratchets because they're all
ratchet the ratchets referring to the
Martinez twins and chance and Anthony
just the whole room the whole room is
just trashed again yesterday they took
my car and put sticky notes all over it
not the car like anything but the car
dude anything but the car right it looks
cool and I like wasn't that mad but you
know prank wash though I couldn't I
couldn't let him just get it get away
with that and that's why today I'm
coming back with some more fire some
heat as you guys know they both have
bunk beds and as we all know bunk beds
on the top are supported by like these
little wooden thingies that you could
take out and so I'm smelling what you're
cooking I'm picking up what you're
laying down oh you poop flushing what
I'm shit
that's a new hate is currently flushing
what up shit uh right now we're gonna go
up into the room take the supports out
of their bunk beds so that when they go
to sleep in them
or lay in them or whatever they're gonna
do it'll fall down and the goal is to
have someone on the bottom hopefully so
that the bunk bed smashes them
yes it's so good we have to do recon I
think some of them are still in there
but let's go they're definitely out here
project you like I said earlier in the
vote all they do is game and like is
this part of this like is this an
extension of the room war ball squad
squad it's a thing it's a thing it's a
thing just can't get hypose on the vlogs
okay I'll put this back to normal why
this video that's chilling but like
that's chilling
that's good but you guys just got to put
it back home chilling dobre pretty nice
yeah we're very homey like they notice
that smile right there just invested
into their video game controller bro but
if you guys know what's better than
video games free food why got you guys
pizza what I got you guys pizza a lot of
it pizza an excess amount of pizza
downstairs I'm down man come on down
let's go see in 10 pizza pizza
is the pizza for you when we talk it's
like um kill me I'll be right down any
grass Ilana it's like a pepperoni
ratchet prepare Oh
the wooden brace is drilled in yeah Jake
how much do you squat cuz then buns are
looking nice oh wow I'm stuck I'm sorry
oh stop I got it
cade where'd you go Jay Paul you gotta
want
yeah Oh Oh No
what's happening what what are you doing
I was just coming in to get my phone
Oh God don't I'm taking the support bro
I'm taking the supports out of their
bunk beds up do you know how long they
took like fixing this room it looks like
shit okay well who are you wrong cuz you
yes are you gonna have you help you I
did the whole thing by myself
you forgot to ask me bro no what about I
can tell I thought you were distracting
them downstairs well I did do that well
the pizza took care of that but guys the
supports are out if someone lays on this
right now it's gonna go straight through
all right let's put the covers back on
so it looks real go straight through
look it's like it's like ice and it's
also like stepbrothers how this is gonna
work Anthony chance you guys wanna
cuddle
Anthony chance bro let's cuddle Oh
always down in Coleman I got front you
got back oh man
oh that's adorable chance what do you
say you and I caught on top mean yeah
you about it
go to beach aid or cants cants kind of
sounds like can chance
alright that's good that's good are you
gonna burn up all the I'll film I'll
film you guys cuddling is this like the
kissing wheel game we're just like doing
like dude dude dude I do stuff with
pictures guys are weird but I'll film
you guys cuddly no ya don't done filming
mainly yeah yeah he's right behind you
we were set up perfectly it worked
perfectly you push them do hands on the
booty and he went straight hey let me
put it up set it up ah ah yeah you want
a cuddle
how about being make yeah Jessica come
here I should talk to you I need you and
Jessica's help we're doing this cuddle
vlog were you most like to cuddle with
oh you too much yeah yeah
Cassidy alright so you guys go on the
bottom just cuddle with tester down
there just you and Tessa cuddling down
there norm our sky would be this is like
the story of my life oh how does that
I'm sick of this shit
no someone else your cuddle yeah Tessa
oh it's so cute get in here get in there
Tessa oh did you get in there get in
there with the whole thing she's got
really yeah yeah Jen's are you doing I'm
chilling bro boom look at Randy office
literally watch it watch
Oh smashing
Jessica are you gonna okay I feel so bad
for Jessica she just takes pictures of
us it
I choose you just to get tormented yo
top 5 funny see we hit like 14 replays
on the beds man the Martinez twins are
back yeah we got to pull the cuddle
thing Martinez you guys we had a
surprise for you so we know you guys
sleep in this small bed yeah all the
time
and so chance Anthony were like yo we're
gonna let you guys test out the big bed
you're a knight really yeah go on the
bottom test it out gonna be all comfy
the mix out the bottom no test at the
bottom row oh no the
that's the problem I was saying test out
the bottom do you know about I mean
nobody gosh I'm just trying to piss it
yeah it was hi bye guys
I'm not gonna unplug it
do you know I was gonna unplug yeah yeah
I did I did go for but I was like nah
that's like so typical like you're
easier friends I'm saying way too easy
oh you a knife my boys got a knife it's
a thumb yeah that's my getaway
thank you Jesus
Primus who are you
I love you guys well have introduced
into our house again
oh my god Jake polish way oh I don't
know it's heavy
let's get some replays on that
I hate when you guys hang out okay you
know it wasn't me right yeah it you
started it you take polish make sure you
check out that hot new March we got some
new stuff droppin I don't know if you've
seen it yet but you got to go to the
description I don't know who is going to
clean this up
that was completely Savage guys don't
forget about the iPhone giveaway all you
have to do is follow me on instagram at
jake paul scroll down right now smash
that subscribe button turn my post
notifications on and comment when you
are done with all three of those things
and you have the chance to win this
iphone ah so Jake Pollard's I know I'm
still in shock I'm gonna clean this up
I'm gonna go to the gym cuz you gotta
want it make sure you're working hard
make sure smiling make sure you're Devon
on them haters I'm dick ball this is the
team tent house but rest in peace team
ten house
Jake Pollard's what's poppin check out
this new March ooh that marches hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 Chuck see you guys
tomorrow
poof
