ah
this is called an anti prank because I
want to do more good but also still
messing people up all right
Wow
guys are just cleaning your room let me
get all this dust out it's an anti prank
yeah yeah well makes the dream work I
wasn't gonna spray you guys got them oh
yes I Frank yeah all right bye Oh mixing
this up - yeah you I totally got them yo
Erica is not home so on the light mo I
ever candles on fire so though she goes
home her room smells good anti Frank
Joshu Erica whoa feels good tonight
oh that felt good and chic parlours what
is popping good morning to all the broom
of you're killing it I hope you're Devin
on the haters make sure you smile today
seriously I stop what you're doing right
now put a big smile on your face and
let's keep on working hard if you're new
here I'm Jake Paul this is the team ten
house is what every single day bro let's
do that thing
yeah yeah so we are on set here is the
channels Buzard mark acting doing the
things my boy was talking that's what I
want to adjust right now and I was
thinking about this over the weekend I
was like I need to know what my man
thinks so you're on Disney Channel yeah
but like do you really think you're
you're like the next Zac Efron yeah no
no no good I'm here to tell you you're
not deserted no I always wonder like if
you ever think about that or do Olivia
and Madison and Devore do their thing
like so you think they do mind your
spacing there the next one in the coma a
few moments later you're gonna scare oh
no no no questions for you yeah we just
have basically I was like I was asking
little little guy really little guy here
I was like yo do you think you're the
next a Kathryn that's all I was like yo
you ever just what you guys ever just
wake up me like yo like I could
potentially be the next Selena Gomez few
inches lay down I feel like we weren't
wanted there we definitely we're go back
in my room yeah we rejected that yeah
bro autism on Twitter at Jay Paul follow
me on Twitter uh and look at this bro oh
it's everyday bro you know we're on the
radio oh my god what are the radios and
school buses when I was like I mean when
you were like what a year ago yeah they
didn't have frickin radio on the school
bus you're poor
cool yo that was fun guys but now with
the Martinez twins yo and we're on our
way to the store we are about to pull a
prank on everyone else on team ten and
I'm letting Emilio drive us to the door
do you have your driver's license no do
you have a visa you know how to drive
no no no you got it there you go all
right
you supposed to drive with your right
foot yeah Oh watch out for that car
watch yo okay don't worry guys you got
me it's a big truck so you just hit save
yo you're supposed to drive with one
foot still like losing one hand one hand
I love it
I'm teaching my boys about feeling
emotion could you see Paula could you
see yeah you're good just take it easy
he's never driven before now here now
put on your left turn signal what here
there you go you will read zero yes you
go left bro you okay - dude there's more
guys now this this is here this right
here is a Jake Paula taking a picture of
us and how so we're gonna have to we
have to pose for the picture Hey and
then and now you're around them now look
no go left
yeah oh
you did it alright I'll see you the
store those are my girls sake fellas are
savages
hi so here's the story guys basically
what we're going to do is cut a hole in
a table put a tablecloth over it hide
underneath the table and pop out
sticking our heads through when people
go to eat stuff off the table I call it
head in table scare prank
clickbait views video with laundry
no you sit in it like this okay I cleans
your butt yeah that clean get out yes
flirting are you guys sweating she's a
little old for you okay
attention Jake ballers attention Jake
Paul and we are about to prank
I don't everyone at the team can now
make sure you like it subscribe force
link in bye oh yeah dance dad what do
you mean dad you're my dad yeah is my
dad all right with that
good ball okay Paul look at my height
how could I be his dad I drink milk
are you group yeah I swear we met at a
grocery store one time well I I remember
it as death pardon me yeah are you my
dad oh you don't recognize me no oh I
thought you're my dad are you kidding oh
sorry
maybe so you're supposed to be my dad
hoo-wee says so we're here right now I
found my dad after 20 years your dad is
getting ready to say goodbye to his son
why
oh don't cry D that makes me sad it use
neither spring dad see I'm at a grocery
store one time my boys the sava joke I
swear
are you kidding so we got all the
supplies we got this lady who is still
following us from earlier in the vlog
we're about to do this thing
bitch a faller yes I see you with your
Disney your Mickey ears on you watch you
watch for guard barks that's my girl you
want to vlog here vlog take it no no
take it there you go hey already okay
hi hey what's up Jake father
oh yeah but you have to put yourself in
there you crazy
I think it makes with you yeah you vlog
okay okay yeah I know that the vlog
inside the blog I don't know how to hold
it I go I'll see you later thank you
where you going
look not about where is it going oh my
god do you want to hold this
boom okay we're in my room we're about
to set up this table contraption we have
to cut a hole in it so that I could take
off my head through it and we're going
to cut a hole in the tablecloth all
right so we're using the Jake ball March
blanket as the tablecloth always plug
alright now we just need to put it to
the chips and stuff on it and I carried
out there
hmm nothing going on here oh cool
just a few moments later
having example gonna choke me
I found it words bro what do you do I
can't what yes we got you but are you
doing and how elaborate is this I just
thought we had like a nice little food
today and we're always ready to eat
cheering I know you're not her famous
let's give me a goldfish leave me go
back I got my voltage I'll be good
please hurry
you want American tips outside honey
right here I slightly heat is that a
favorite yeah I don't know if their
property they might be regular let's
check let's check out yeah yeah what
have you done to this did you hear elbow
just really um I um
it's so hard I heard like I love you
father goes yeah just defending there
ever was that fart I don't know I can
taste it my voice is sad oh you can give
a monkey yeah no I'd like the healthy
Red Bull no no I'm straight up yeah yes
I'm good my name's a I make videos I
like to hide in the tables what are you
doing no air walk Erica don't don't you
do that
no now it's technically pass thank you
makeup hair makeup real quick thank you
another the bunch of might be a
beautiful fucking key just like I'm
actually mad at how well it's working
with person got scared are justly
Halloween I mean you look cute I go back
down yeah alright yeah
crowded allergic done we I take off of
me I'm out free oh that was so messy
actually two L's later okay so that
prank went so well now we're going to do
something nice
yeah we're just got a message saying
that Thomson and they have been both I
let this one have a look at this time
business they got it verified
yeah I'm have no idea I just thought
they're gonna think it's a it's a prank
ready let's act like really suspect to
me like we're yeah we're no no no here
wife so scared why are you just plain
yeah - no come here
do you trust me I'm not doing anything
hey oh yeah I know no Sonia come here
where's just stand right here we have
something to show you
ah okay just phone case
Lincoln vial ah what man
no you um no it's a prank no it's not
afraid it's a nice frog I know Nick told
me he's very nice I don't think it is ro
I think it ain't right you're verified -
oh the end game is over
human josh is gonna be damning everyone
so the girls
watch out aah woman oh it's just insane
this morning to you oh you should call
ah good job okay yeah I got verified
like two years ago well you know we're
not all by parts
Dex find recipes whoa so take all our
guys I got some crazy news I made it on
the Forbes yo they wrote a Forbes
article about me why look if you want to
check out the article it's going to be
in the description it's a pretty lid and
changing colors I'm starting another
giveaway right now iPhone 7 all you guys
have to do is follow me on instagram at
jackpot subscribe to this youtube
channel right now and turn my post
notifications on and comment when you're
done so follow me on instagram at chick
paul scroll down right now and press
that subscribe button turn my post
notifications on and tell me when you
are done and when else to win in the
next couple of days here and as always
check out this hot new March Lincoln
Mile always plug and I will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday bro peace
Jake Pollard's wet stop and check out
this new March
oh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 trick see you
guys tomorrow
