get him get him everyone tasted this egg
collars come on take over this Jack huh
good morning chase haulers guys today
started off kind of crazy so as you guys
know in yesterday's vlog I basically
said I was going to the studio to make a
song don't sleep on me baby I'm going to
the studio
well it's like me I had a whole day and
so I went to the studio and I was
flowing and flowing and flowing and
before I knew it it was literally like 6
o'clock in the morning Oh Jay Paulus I
just got back from the studio I was
there all night it's 6:30 in the morning
I still haven't slept bluntest and so I
was dying and I needed to chug some
caffeine Oh
doing my but it still didn't work and
I'm still really tired and it's still
really early and we should have to film
a music video today and do a lot of
other things so without further ado come
mornin Jake Palmas make sure you smile
and make sure you steppin on the mater's
make sure you're working hard and if
you're new year I'm Jake moss this is
the team 10th house and it's lit every
single day bro let do that thing Rocco
Shane stays back playing us you want a
quick bang got a roadie what i'ma tell
you about Karma
I know it's 12 but if you take this 10 I
promise you you're gonna have a good
karma right that's how karma works man
yeah I think just try distress yeah okay
cool dope yeah I don't know does that
freedom that's free so the first
location that we are going to is the
beach it's not to be late yell like look
at this super lit it's Moody right it's
like a no it's cloudy it's better than a
cloudy actually it's better they get
creates a vibe all pathetic are you guys
dick followers
no maybe after this music video you will
be really not when I tell you about your
bike sir what am i what I tell you guys
are right oh yeah these kids on their
bikes think they can ride wherever they
want see beep maybe meet me meet me beep
beep beep beep
it's a stud finder that's why I was
going off wait wait whit where we going
down there yeah we're going down by the
water okay that I have I have easi down
yeah I forgot to tell you your shoot on
the beach ok first world problems guy
take your time I know it's tough
who got the music video shots what son
what but now we're gonna have a little
bit of an intermission because I gotta
go drop some knowledge on people okay so
I'm here with my boy Luis what's up you
guys may remember him from the white
house video white house video I'm ready
to show you on that exactly exactly what
am I about to do so Jake is here we're
in Santa Monica at the greatness
mastermind this is a group of multiple
seven-figure entrepreneur earners who
want to learn how to grow their business
or their brand grow their social media
following and Jake is the best in the
world at YouTube number one fastest
growing account in real time and I
thought it'd be a lot that they can
learn that's my boy there pump what
you're plugging me hard yeah baby hey
Ohio yo ah ha yeah he's from Ohio like
you know how we do it let's drop some
knowledge yeah let's go do see now yeah
Telugu see now see the apples on my eyes
go red and new Chanel I hear LA in the
summer when the bodies for the tail so
every college dormitory supposedly means
that event whoa I think it went super
well guys and now we are off to shoot
more music video stuff we got along that
I've I still haven't slept still full
savage mode let's go pop star she is 12
21 like Adele
Hey oh hell I stopped its tourist season
bro we're done we didn't traffic
everywhere
so my is is not cool I promise it's not
even celebrities here
no one's famous here they're just
regular people and youtubers who are
also regular people alright so we just
got to the next music video shoot
location don't look at this place baby
God we're out here talk about production
value let's do this people we are out
here tell you what I just got this place
I forgot to tell you I know it's kind of
you can flip through the cracks I'm
sorry Joseph whoa guys we just
finished up the music video shoot it's
like 7 o'clock at night oh how do you
think it went
dude it was so far like so many
different shots were hot I still just
can't get over like this view is
absolutely crazy you think it's good
yeah it's cool dude
like I think it's time to go back to the
team 10 house and yeah let's go back at
the house guys I cannot wait for you
guys to see this music video it's going
to be going up in a couple of hours so
stay tuned for that it's got some
surprises some problem no I haven't I've
been awake still what's going on husband
are you asleep before control I don't
even know my name so how am I going to
know if I'm going to sleep mind blown
why are you still holding my hand that's
what I'm a tada
it was just comfortable oh no no no hey
you wanna make it
okay you want to give this last time
before they callers north you know what
y'all are into doctor Ohio general job
I'm low-key too tired for this
sigh come on Big Jim Jim did you see him
run other side yes hey you got away
get him get him everyone taste a big
ballers come on take over the sack I'm
so tired
nice you jump it over study Lincoln vial
oh hey gain whatever the Sox hold up
really well I know those are my socks
very comfortable clinking bye give them
a kiss oh you want some March just go
back because it's selling like a god
Church gluten buy oh my gosh it doesn't
work you seems excited that we suppose
the Jay Paul is only what hoodie is this
it's the everyday bro hoodie you want
you want me to sign it
you got the whole squad already there
boom thank you that's rocky my favorite
hoodie well I don't know I don't know
why the kissing thing becomes a thing
guys another thing about it's really
weird I don't know sometimes the energy
just builds and builds and builds and we
don't know what we're doing but today
has been incredibly Savage today and
yesterday I mean I haven't slept yet so
I'm kind of delirious I really don't
know what I'm doing but what I do know
is that the merch link is in the vial
and you need to cop some of that and
what I do know is that I will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday bro
please take Pollard's what pop and check
out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time
click the link make sure your subscribe
to keep up with my life on the daily
basis and you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 chequered see you guys tomorrow
