is that what I'm doing
am i doing that oh my god good morning
good morning good morning morning
yeah and go morning Jake Pollard's I
hope you guys are having a great day
we're gonna kill it make sure you smile
it make sure you dab it on them haters
make sure you're working hard baby and
if you new here object all these are the
Jake callers and it is lit every single
day brought this is a team ten house and
let's do that all right
why laughs it looks so dumb doing that
bro I'm really standing out there's a
fire lit every day I keep a house I mean
I go in I'm like yeah what's your sales
guys I understand he goes to hundred
percent and it doesn't look like that
now but it is yeah but can you just give
me a led to that thing but then I can go
okay guy so there is a lot that is going
on right now big day it's a big day huge
and basically what had happened was we
got oh look at that Wi-Fi setup really
one bank two foreign dollar three dollar
we had the Geek Squad come here and hook
us up with nine Wi-Fi networks the
problem is there's so many of us we're
all editing uploading posting stuff and
- I was trying a lot I was trash so we
literally spent $600 on Wi-Fi no shame
no shame got upload got to take selfies
well incident 400 yesterday yeah so we
spent a thousand oh man but literally
there's nine Wi-Fi networks let me read
some of these off to you jay pizzle
Wi-Fi there's real shooters there's team
ten team ten main everyday bro upload
Jake's Wi-Fi network Cades Wi-Fi NICs
Wi-Fi and an uploader there's so many
Wi-Fi networks roam free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi no
row to W so it up phone up gang gang if
you got Wi-Fi and you know it clap your
hands
you got Wi-Fi and you know it clap your
hands if you got one line you know it
any really want to show it if you go I
find you know it clap your head you'll
be able to stream everything that you
you do at nitro awesome Netflix and shit
with each other you watch order a fuck
um I'm coming and then the next thing
that happened this mysterious box our
package shows up at our house and that
bro we don't know should we open it like
what is in there I'm gonna noise you
hear a clicking noise ah get I'm
Chauncey ah open it open it ah no Jay
Paul signature sock no
girl there's so many socks no way you're
gonna stop
you get a sock just a movie to suck
socks preparing clothing son Oh
making your awesome socks yeah you got
some time for these are lit socks
marshalling in vial now available
I feel like Oprah except instead of cars
just stop oh you gonna stop oh you just
stop well if you get a sock Oh socks for
everyone
you suck okay for the feet uh-huh okay
yeah no I don't think I've ever seen
that many pairs of socks I feel like I
need to give them away or something to
people I don't know get some socks right
oh yeah that's my boy I know Luther King
now I can show my feminine side
Sarge Ithorian socks edgy little sister
Rattray little sister oh this is bad you
know I have an idea do you want to go to
set with me today and hang out with
Ethan you would like that wouldn't you
yes you go on a date with him or
something no yeah I mean that's a little
too young you've been learning about
about Disney yeah alright little sis
thanks oh my god love you oh and here we
are on set come on Erica let's go a
little sis I'm not your little sister
this is my room is your boyfriend's room
you have a boyfriend which i think is
clean this is the first half season oh I
don't know it looks a little like chance
me here then hi
hi hi yeah I having to get away yeah
great
cool cool see you guys later what are
you guys gonna talk about you set your
feelings for each other no no like I
like that people feel uncomfortable
Donna do you want to invite you want to
invite her Ethan they ran away I think
we do ah a few moments later
he's telling me to put my arm around you
and I said no oh don't worry I know I
know what personal space is the first
rule is never listen to Jay Paul yeah I
got that I got their back yeah are you
doing
haha my script oh okay okay okay what
you need to play it cool No
yeah kind of weenies very good cause you
think no get in here look at me in the
eyes look sergeant your breath smells
like not good bro no let me help you
well let help me help you in case they
do your strategy to go and put my arm
over her that was your idea wouldn't
work that would have made her
uncomfortable my strategy I'm the
closest person to her in the room I'm
sitting on the couch with there see that
works out like that and that no no no no
no brother
oh I need you to look me in the eye I
need you to get in there and then just
start a conversation ask her about her
hometown
ask her about makeup no yeah go here
we're gonna talk about country go go
yeah your son's doing terrible by the
way he's not doing is what he's doing
Erica Ethan has something to talk to you
about he told me that we needed to start
a conversation for his vlog so oh yeah
yeah we both like country music we do we
do I actually saw your interest or II
about you wanting to be a country singer
I and I was kind of call me cupid you
look at it you live in Nashville right
again you're Amanda Jake yeah yeah yeah
I'm not here camo cow chicken vile so uh
who is your favorite country singer
I like Cristiano Chris Jones good you
know any song for him
I don't know a lot I stick to mainly
like 36
that's where you lie bro that's where
you lying you say yeah it's great hey
hey oh hey little sister
you welcome teach your brother how to
get some dough all right I'm set now
what's up dizzy Hey he has its young
stars yeah LJ is directing this episode
and look at all these people so many
people to put on a production like act
okay okay
Oh Jake you said you're going home Oh
Tim is my home I think something or
someone hit the lens I decisive way okay
good oh let's let's discuss brown
brothers on the round they come cheers
me you can't park here pull me down
oh gosh I like the couch and chips
better the other one Friday night
ten o'clock stab on them hey you don't
know me now there was that song it's
like a Holies down and when you want in
your life because you want the BEC bike
that's been talking that gets you out
that coffin deadline bills pow bang yo
baby's telling like it now you've got a
warning you got a grind you got to get
your body right so your mind is right so
you can think really do you like I'd
sign it
oh you go set me up I love you one last
hit it okay guys okay
yo yo everyone get in here come on squad
I'm planning something yo I'm gonna give
you one second of something and I want
you guys to react
Oh
we'll target yeah like that oh yeah
happy would that be a good beat to make
another song too
Oh
is that what I'm doing am i doing that
oh my god another one another one
don't sleep on me baby I'm going to the
studio well it's like you said a whole
day so jig polish I might leave
something there but um be ready Sunday
oh that's tomorrow yes be ready tomorrow
always plug merch link in bio Maya and
Jake pong I will see you tomorrow
because every day hey peace
Jake Pollard's wet stop and check out
this new March Oh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
put the link make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
