and I woke up this morning to
allegations that were being made by
ELISA towards me in like tying her side
of this story
okay okay course no she shooting me it's
early but you know they're not waiting
for the birth know
know that in yes what is this sweet
wisely know what eyes look so different
what did I do now I have a lot of
questions right now is this a trap is it
a trap
I'm freaking out right now the promise
is clean first of all that's three TVs
what they didn't have a single one they
named it house bed frames and all they
have three TVs to lounge chairs
I set a mini fresh they got I got a
minute what dude okay okay reiax boxes
all of that is cool but they're not here
either because not only should they be
here they should be sleeping and here
they're always sleep we uh prank this is
a prank on us we out right the tables
have turned huh McClellan look it'd be
normal if it was just chance gone
because we're used to that yeah but but
now that everyone's gone they've got any
up the subject we didn't check about you
oh my god the bathrooms anyway this is
how I know something's wrong the
bathrooms clean yo what happened
what happened to your room where are you
you're going to the gym without me bro
you can't leave a fellow frat brother or
two there's two of us here behind
Alfre Frappuccino oh you guys feeling
okay I've never I've never seen them act
like this weird you guys know how early
it is right we go to the gym I guess all
right guys we'll see you there to the
gym oh all right bro Chad up a
prop√≥sito go get big hurt you while
you're fair doing it now we got the
fraudulent presses
that's what happens if you join our frat
look under the United States
uh-uh so all is the gadget James wrong
yes Jane proteins at Rudy's oh yeah HHH
Jiro multi-vitamins modifier man I last
one I thought would take everyone sun's
out guns out Oh back in the team can
house guys yeah yeah I said a lot but I
forgot to say good morning to you guys
so good morning Jay Paul is I hope
you're having a great day hope you're
smiling I hope you Davin on them haters
and I hope you're working hard South
America hey how are you ok how are you
I'm doing good
so like Eric and I are going through
like a bonding phase right now where
were like basically becoming best
friends we are what are we yeah when did
that happen
it's now the so today we're going
through it um
so Eric is good for me too Eric is to be
a YouTube channel soon and so I'm like
her big brother you know like my big
brother I'm like her big I'm like her
big brother I'm older than you
so yeah ba moving my little brother if
anything I'm your big brother I'm bigger
than you do you even lift bro
Eric
you have exams for each character huh oh
my god you know I did you know sorry
Tessa I miss that I miss doing that so
much time even having it happy good good
it looks great guys
it's so real oh yeah
how scary yeah
yeah no I'm sorry no I'm not no I'm not
I'm not gonna do anything again what
makes you think I'm gonna do steak oh hi
sometimes I'm done but seriously hey
guys guys guys keep ten everyone squad
you know what today is
it's not and since we're all best
friends I thought we should celebrate no
I got I got it watch in three two one
let me tell you about my best friend ah
away from me Oh God
and none of you get tags today
thank you okay okay I'll tell you
god I'm swearing too much lately this is
a better challenge how you got it in
hand yeah please watch hey hey whoa what
do you mean we're scheming oh no hungry
anyways oh boy just peanut butter
flicked and that's how we do it in Ohio
rocki rocki rocki rocki
England is too much energy
yes block what's the wrong little
sisters I'm an active row so I'm gonna
ask whoa hey Paul what you don't like my
March she says that a real JP so I'm
just trying to be pretty though it's a
shoot day dad okay
it's a half a mustache that's better I
guess we're getting customers made out
here like it that's right you know it's
real
oh yeah mrs. Hodge you're just saying
yeah it does look like a mustache now
that I think about it I respect that
I need you to make me Dirk yo do you
real here we go this is what becoming
Dirk is like I got a hair spray very
Hollywood oh yeah contouring get those
angles honey I need you to make me look
fabulous the cameras are going to be on
my face dab dab there you go kid I will
be I'm not weird
are you Ethan's little sister yes
Oh oh snap how do you feel about your
brother he is something he is something
out of this world
like when I'm logging I gel because I
think you better sorry sorry how old are
you thank you 13 what do you think you
could beat your brother in a fight oh
yeah no no I think you'd be them in a
fight something on your guy moon Kiryas
are a young Ethan whack trying to block
hi am I gonna kicked off don't distract
them I'm sorry I'm kicking you out I'm
sorry I'm just the kid with a dream I'm
a blogger I'm sorry yeah no I'm sorry
I was just trying to block so are you
done yeah I'll bet $100 that your sister
would win in a fight again see we're
gonna do now bro you're gonna live thank
God God Church thanks that doesn't make
sense
what do you mean selling like a god
Church by the way where was your guys's
last name what's up wacker what are you
doing wagging it one allele okay all
right ladies and gentlemen that's a wrap
whoa with Zod buck episode checking them
down baby let's go whoo guys ah Jake
you're back at the lecture table um yeah
I am guys obviously as you guys all know
almost most of you probably know there's
so much hate so much drama around
YouTube right now like people just going
crazy I think it's time for me to
respond to the hate just everything that
has been said and blah blah blah but
it's time that's what I'm about to do
again I hate uh you know doing videos
like this but there's a part of life man
is without pain you wouldn't feel joy
and I want to say thank you to all of
the Jake Pollard's guys like us as a
family is just so strong and literally
no one can mess with us like you're Jake
caller you know knowing to mess with us
where I'm going with this I want to
thank everyone who in the past week that
is hated on talk smack or you know
roasted me or reacted to my videos or
whatever it is I want thank you what
I've realized is that like being at the
center of all that hey it's like a la
there's like a lot of pressure I'm
totally fine with being hazed I'm like
use me as your punching bag like if
you're a hateful person and you want to
like come out here and like roast me
make your videos about me
get your views like send shots make
stuff up whatever it is that you want to
do about me like go for it guys beat me
up all you out because I'm not going
anywhere
but that's not the case for everyone
being so hateful talking smack and and
bullying and bringing other people down
it's not the right thing to do I am that
kid who doesn't care for one second
about what people say about but for all
of you that may have hated on me or are
singing about hating on someone else I
need you to stop because you literally
never know when your comment your word
your video is going to be seen by the
wrong person where they end up damaging
themselves whether it's cutting
themselves whether they're damaged
emotionally whether they don't want to
go to school the next day what
they take their own lives if there's a
kid in high school who's maybe not as
confident who has never grown up like
been successful or maybe his family life
isn't as good like you could literally
be taking someone's life with whatever
it is that you're saying or putting out
there on the Internet
it's not a joke it's not funny I'm not
saying I'm innocent of this and this is
why I'm thankful that you guys all put
me in the center of all the Patriots
because I'm guilty of talking smack I'm
guilty of roasting other people I'm
guilty of bullying people I'm guilty of
bringing other people down I'm not
perfect like I make mistakes all the
time and like you might be watching this
video and be like dang I've done this
before like I've hated on people before
you might feel bad about it now we me
and you here together we thing like
change that now we could change who we
are because life is about making
mistakes and becoming better after you
make those mistakes because nobody's
perfect guys everyone makes mistakes
everyone's probably bullied someone
everyone probably you know be someone
off or made someone feel lesser than
them that might have been a mistake
but guys me you me you and the Jake
Pollard's or whoever's watching this
video let's learn from these mistakes
that we've all made and continue to grow
as individuals and I love you're
probably like Oh Jo like you think
you're a philosopher right now what are
you saying you're just a 20 year old kid
and like that's exactly what I mean like
it took me 20 years to realize this now
I don't like the drama I don't like like
no one grows from it you bring someone
else down but then you just look like an
asshole if you're the person being
brought down
you're just being brought down so no
parties win it's just like this going
back and forth and the only way we can
win is if we come together as a
community and stop putting out all of
this tastes like it's pointless yeah
maybe some of it as jokes but like are
they really they're not guys like oh
it's funny but someone doesn't think
it's funny you never know who that
person is that isn't going to think it's
funny and they could seriously end up
the dead I'm not going I'm not gonna put
a filter on it's like we've seen it over
and over again I've read articles about
it all the time
I'm guilty of this I'm gonna tell you
guys a story that happened to me when I
sixth grade I made videos and one of the
videos that I was making was about this
nerd who was like this nerdy kid running
around he couldn't play sports and I was
playing a character I was like King I
was like being a nerd and there was a
kid from my school who was a nurse and
his name was Seamus I was like singing I
was funny and in the video that I was
making I called myself Seamus to me it
seemed harmless to me I was like oh I'm
just using his name because he's a nerd
and like sheamus's maybe kind of a nerdy
name I made the video I thought it was
hilarious I was like go what's good like
my friends thought it was funny I put it
online the video gets 100 views and this
kid was so devastated he couldn't go to
school he complained to his dad and then
his dad reached out to my dad who yelled
at me for being a bully and I went I
drove to his house my dad knocked on his
front door and literally apologized to
him a person deleted the video off the
internet and that was talked about
throughout the whole entire school he
got made fun of it was just from this
little video that I made that I put up
on the Internet
and I was just a little
thirteen-year-old kid not knowing what I
was doing for all I know he might still
be affected by that first of all I'm so
sorry Seamus I'm sorry to anyone that
I've ever brought down I'm sorry to
anyone that like I've ever bullied or
whatever we want to call it guys cyber
bully whatever because it wasn't the
right thing to do but guys when you do
something wrong instead of continuing to
do it you have to change and that's what
I'm doing and that's what I'm going to
strive to do and that's what I've
learned over this past week and that's
what I learned when I was in sixth grade
you know maybe you are going to continue
to cyberbully maybe you're going to
continue to hate and that's completely
fine but please do it to me because I'm
going to take it all day long over and
over and over again nothing you guys say
is going to like really bring me down
unless you're my brother he knows where
the kidney but I love you Logan and and
and he's my brother so he can roast me I
kind of just wanted to put all of that
out there share with you guys my
experience and share with you my growth
as an individual and becoming better
because like I'm embarrassed like I'm
into these mistakes before but it's okay
as long as you
get better it starts with one person I
had one follower at one point Justin
Bieber had one download on iTunes at one
point if I can inspire one of you guys
right now to stop cyberbullying then
that's making a change and that's what
this channel this vlog is about and
that's my saying is like it's everyday
bro it's not just I vlog every day it's
not just I work out every day not just
smile every day
let's make change every day let's become
better as people every day as long as
you're doing that and you have eternal
happiness nothing else matters
I'm back guys uh-hum how do I want to
put this so that black part that you
just watched was addressing all of the
youtubers and like videos that are that
were being made on the Internet and now
when I went to sleep and I woke up this
morning to allegations that were being
made by ELISA towards me like telling
her side of this story again I first
want to say ELISA I am so so sorry for
any pain or hurt that I put you through
that was not my intention that was not
what I wanted to do and we both know at
the end of the day we both really really
care about each other a lot and that's
what has caused the situation just
spiral out of control and I never
intended to do anything to harm you just
like I don't think you ever intend to do
something to harm me
ELISA we are both so young we're
learning and all of that crazy situation
was going on while we were 18 years old
19 years old
and we were doing business together
mixing our personalized together and it
wasn't a healthy situation and for that
I am tremendously sorry and to the Jake
Pollard's anyone watching this that's
out there on the Internet as always
there are two sides to every story
there's her story and then there's
there's my story I want to be a good
role model and I'm not going to put my
story out there on the internet because
ELISA
I think that we should be owning up and
if we want to talk about this it should
be in person and not over the internet I
don't think we're going about this in a
bright way I don't think we've ever gone
about it in the right way with dealing
with anything our situation again is
like so messed up we both know the truth
of what actually happened and that's the
only people that should know that and I
really want to move forward and learn
and grow from this situation
and fix my mistakes and so Lissa I'm
going to reach out to you to talk about
it but I want to be a bit of a role
model and say like those things
shouldn't be on the internet I don't
want to give our fans the wrong
impression of like how to deal with the
situation and we're disagreeing we both
clearly have different thoughts on how
things happened and you were her and I'm
her and it's just a really messed up
situation but we're not getting anywhere
we're just you're bringing me down I'm
bringing you down and it's childish and
again I apologize to the fans I
apologize to you Alyssa and I want to
amend the situation but the thing that
hurts me the most is how non truths were
put out in your video I know that the
fans guys anyone watching this is
probably like really confused on like
who to believe or what to believe or
whose ID to be on or screw this person
or screw that person or fighting guys
that's not the way to handle the
situation we're both wrong we both are
acting childish like the facts and
that's the fact of it all you shouldn't
pick aside
you shouldn't have to be involved in our
business because the stuff that's being
put out there is like super personal and
no one knows if it's true or not you
guys are probably really confused and so
I encourage you guys to just drop the
situation and move forward and that's
what I'm going to do and Alyssa I'm
sorry again and you and I both know that
it's a crazy situation and that we're
both extremely wrong and that's like me
putting everything out there and guys if
you're watching this I want you to learn
from this as a lesson to like not handle
things over the internet and to own up
to your mistakes if you're making them
and to not be afraid of making mistakes
and do not be afraid of growing as a
person when you make those mistakes
because if someone does something wrong
in today's society like it's so easy to
come down on them the only thing that
that person can do when they're in a
situation like that and this may be you
one day is to grow from it and become a
better person it's completely
embarrassing for every party involved
that we even have to like
through this and this will be the last
time that I will talk about it on the
internet and in the future I will know
now to have better communication and
guys this is like really really hard for
me to talk about and I think I said I'm
still learning about life I have so much
more to learn and life so much more to
grow and I'm gonna mess up ten more
times and you guys are probably going to
watch it because it's everyday bro like
you're going to watch me go through this
like ways of life and like learning the
reason why I want you guys to be able to
watch that is so that you can then use
that in your own lives and learn from my
mistakes I'll take all the heat I'll
take all the allegations people can make
stuff up about me but that's going to
happen to you guys in your life at some
point it's going to happen to me ten
more times because I'm in this
entertainment industry and that's just
how it is I can only teach you guys and
preach to you what I'm learning as I go
through these situations elicit alike as
you're watching this we're both wrong
it's a message situation and I'm sorry
for any hurt or pain or situations that
you feel that I put you through and
that's why at the end of the day I think
it's best that we both go our separate
ways for a little bit and don't
necessarily associate with each other
but be friendly still maybe one day
hopefully we can you know sit down and
talk about it that's really all I have
to say guys and back to last night's
outro Oh guys guys guys done so great
yes we all need to be better people
no more bringing people down okay I'm
gonna talk to you guys later good
oh I just got really deep on the Jake
polish kind of by the way troll nice
room dude ice cream yogurt yeah I'm
gonna be done in a second just uh let me
do an outro so Jake polish today has
been amazing as always
gotta plug merch links in bio we got
that it's everyday bro sweatshirts like
I said it's a movement it's like it's
more than just logging every day it's
like becoming a better person every day
supporting the Jake callers every day
supporting the people around you every
day smiling working hard doing the most
you can every day
and that's what it's about guys so join
the family pop some merch repet baby and
I will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday Wow pretty I was hoping you
guys jump in that God
Jake Pollard's what's poppin check out
this new March whoo that March is hot
boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
poof
