good morning Jake Paul's okay get this
guy's were jumping right into it right
now put your vlog belts on and get ready
for today's roller coaster ride but I
need to get you caught up to speed a
little bit right so I'm chilling in my
room sorry I'm talking really fast
really hyped up come on join the rider
on the right during the right chillin in
my room doing my thing from blogging
with uncle Nathan and all the sudden I
started to hear some loud noises that
commotion do you hear that this is a
problem look look at what's happening
right now come on I'll walk home not on
my life if you're new here my name is
Jake Paul you guys are the Jake callers
and this is the team 10 I was gonna say
this is the team's in-house but okay
guys so apparently apparently I'm
playing the logical one in this
situation which is usually not the case
but Tyler here I missus when we were
asking for my 21st birthday honey you
know I'm saying that was dope
oh no go homes over this morning with
goggles
hello coming yep skis that are covered
in Jake Palmer so that apparently
doesn't scratch my stairs because he's
riding his skis down my stairs without
my permission well I guess
there on one bro everyone need to calm
down just a little bit man in distance
I'm just having a nice little Tuesday
morning you know enjoying my coffee I
think you're out of your mind bro look
at this view Jake pollens you're skiing
down the stairs of the team den mansion
yeah no no here's the thing though like
actually logically speaking guys this is
Tom you're super dumb you have two
little baby twins cute little baby twins
looking and you're putting your life on
the line yeah well guys I guess we'll
get right into the day here you know cuz
why not uh if you're new here my name is
Jake Paul you guys are the Jake callers
and this is the most lit YouTube channel
on YouTube and this is the team ten
house
that's the squad team ten guys like I
said we're the most live family on
YouTube speaking of the everyday bro
song since we were just singing it is
you know I saw this crazy video it's
actually pretty funny bro it's everyday
bro you know it's everyday bro are you
actually gonna do this yep is there
anything I can do to talk you out of
this now I think you need more like
pillows ER or something and you need to
go for a blogger okay can you just put
it on the edge of the camera is it there
did it really happen you'd only find one
it's Anthony's hey we know what we're
doing all you need is some duct tape
duct tape and wh oh sorry I punched him
in the face
it's my video today what he punched me
in the face I got you bro
also if you fall fall to your left
because it's always had the pillows on
yeah if you haven't already joined the
family specialist subscribe button right
now
okay no no no right no stop no we're not
doing the break stuff thing now Apollo
Apollo that's my rug like I said guys
I'm on this like crazy life quest to do
the most fun like dumb things in the
world and I think I'm doing a pretty
good job but yo before we go any further
guys today is a great day
I'm smiling we're at the team tent house
you guys are here with us I hope you
guys are smiling chasing your goals
becoming a better person every single
day Roka vibes are let however today is
a day
today is a day of not only construction
as you guys just saw but today is a day
of revenge here's the thing Erica she
literally been pranking me non-stop I've
like not even pranked her at all okay
like pranks yeah so much fun haha laughs
laughs laughs like at some point I'm
gonna get you back Erica and that point
is today she faced that she had hickeys
on her neck she acted like she
spray-painted my fish tank but now it is
my turn guys and you know how the Jake
Potter's do it bro we're the most savage
YouTube channel I'm gonna get it back so
far huh so take two I'm gonna get it
back so hard can we do that okay I'm
scared you I'm a scary ghost but before
we scare Erica guys I gotta get you guys
caught up to speed oh I got an echo Oh
this morning some drama ensued basically
Chad stole Anthony shoes to go on a date
with a girl
welcome to team ten reality TV guys like
I said you know Ryan he's rolling on our
whole entire lives yeah it's a lot of
fun cuz we're not on camera enough this
happened this morning no one wants to
wear you I don't wear your shoes bro you
stole my shoes to go on a date yeah you
did bro
no one wants to see your cheese anyway
look at those pears yeah my problem why
I get so upset with everybody wearing
this I don't have a lot of like nice
stuff and when I have something nice I
don't want Anthony's Sasquatch foot
stretching out my shoe we're all
forgetting on why we came here in the
first place is because this man Chad
wore my to go on a date with a girl I
can't even fit in this what do you mean
I wear your shoes look at that dog I
can't even fit what do you mean no I
don't you wear my shoes everybody else
wouldn't want their you know $300 shoes
stretched out the size Antarctica
because he wants to wear it to go get
postmates keep talking about this Gucci
jacket it's it come on let's go let's go
to the front I wore it this is where the
arguments started this man wants to
about MEAP wearing his shoes to go get
post mates I don't even know why I mean
this went from being angry to fully nude
Tony
honestly we learned a lot from that
encounter there we learned that Anthony
doesn't wear underwear bro I was just
sitting there and like I looked at
everyone's here and I'm like everyone
needs haircuts don't wear my shitty
Anthony I don't want a beer this
everyone everyone so much drama bro I
love it
but while we're here guys it's also a
good time to bring up the fact that
chance here broke the team ten hot tub
sorry you can't just say sorry at some
point he's driving around on a drift car
this morning out of nowhere
just crashes into the side of the hot
tub roll the clip
who's gonna be the next hot tub to be
Instagram famous I wanna Instagram
famous hot tub bro are you kidding me
you can't just do that cuz revenge and
construction guys that's what we were
talking about gonna have to do
construction on the hot tub now also as
you can tell the house is currently
under construction we're putting it oh
my god what yo yo what don't look now
okay
what if someone behind me never gonna
believe who's here right now I didn't
know this was going down
across the sea I got your tiramisu for
my birthday bro obviously and then I
didn't try a piece who you brought the
chick with champagne great chance
ting ting good I missed Andi bro
yo there's just perfect timing actually
know what Jake just goes yeah I was
learning about the show the Jake
Pollard's like the new construction that
happened inside the house
I finished part of my room it just so
happens to have to do with Italy I know
you're Italian let me show you this let
me show you guys the Jake colors I'm
excited for you guys to see this I
finished the one section of my room I
didn't open the door come over here come
over here
first of all Jake polish
he painted that ish but Andy welcome to
Italy no no no no
I think it's time for some revenge so
the idea is guys um I'm going to put a
pair of girls underwear next to my bed
and make Erica think that like I had
like a side chick over or something like
though you know what I'm saying cuz I
don't know I don't know how to do
women's underwear here I don't even know
they even just holding this is like
we're just super weird for me I don't
like this at all cheetah okay cheetah
like this I'm sorry yeah okay boy Jake
ballers if you're watching this please
do not do this to your girlfriends like
this is mean but but you know I feel
like this is something that Erica would
actually wear like an Erica cast down
subject ballers hey guys that what it
looks like wrong it is what it looks
like I'm behind underwear oh man this is
weird
meanwhile
now is a good time to talk about once
again the fact that the jig ballers have
the number one selling poser and Walmart
that me up their back squat during the
Jake Potter family today like I'm
subscribe you guys came just for the
poster there's none it's sold out action
alley looks like we're gonna have to get
underwear somewhere else guys hi what's
up squad early no don't cry
Oh minutes later alright guys Nathan
went and got the underwear and a hand
brought from Ross I can just a picture
ain't Nathan in the store doing that but
at the team 10 house guys Erica is about
to be here but yo I'm settin this stuff
up right now I'm gonna put it like on
the side of the bed make it seem sketchy
that's too bad up a little bit this is
mean is it is it is this mean yo that's
cruel that means and now we wait 20
minutes later
well what is this who this is
it was
whose is it if I'm ready take us a whose
is it
this is a minor breaks your head do you
hear me who's here
there's something wrong everywhere next
year back was it like was it like
babe
yeah we're so done yo chill that is not
a nice trade
Ilana if they're Nathan's actually
Nathan bought it at Ross Dress for Less
mm-hmm take motors thank you so much for
watching copper stop stop - horse in the
game banjo and aiko backslash snake ball
get it before the Jade color sell it on
join the movement
aah I will see you guys tomorrow because
it's every day bro Bruce join the
everyday bro movement people and count
yourself some of the hottest urged in
the game go right now because the shake
cars sell everything out and slash
though subscribe button and join the
most lit YouTube channel on YouTube I'll
see y'all tomorrow
