five good morning guys we have such a
big day ahead of us
yesterday we decided to throw a concert
in one day you know we do music videos
in one day we do songs in one day we do
vlogs every day and so we're like why
not make a concert in one day so this is
what happened yesterday no there's not
even a phone in here when you guys do
the work but I got act like it back to
the transitions of us figuring out how
to put a concert on in one day
the concert at 7 o'clock has maybe Hank
in LA and it's not my mom commands
anything we're just going to do a
donation if they want to the Manchester
victims with a delivery waiting for best
you get support that they need and
otherwise everything's all sense we have
that we have to be with you because it
holds like 1,800 people and that will be
a really great show all right Thank You
Man I really appreciate that so I'm like
I'm like making a song putting on a
concert and one day is actually really
easy
the concerts going to start at 7:00 p.m.
at the exchange in downtown Los Angeles
and if you want to give a tip to charity
it's going to go to Manchester victims
what I got Justin what are you doing bro
can you just give me one scream Justin
go
so we literally have a full-blown
concert tonight two thousand people but
that's a two thousand people come
getting two thousand people will come
yes better calm take Paula I hope you're
smiling I hope you're working hard
oh you're damn it under the high doors
Lester
what is this you guys are getting bagels
I got you bro that's more you know
you're friends with someone that get you
food you know why yeah robberies in this
world
Oh what about when somebody gets you
this Oh Chad you got that for me oh my
god it's got the sleeves cut off sorry
no it's mine and then I got you this too
so whenever I'm gone you're gonna guys
are gonna miss me so so thank you you're
welcome
love you family dad yo I want you to get
on stage today and a rap can you do that
for me rep you want me to rap yeah well
bro I'm their reps
I'll never rap because there's one time
I know but you're cool and you're
smoothing you got you got that thing oh
thanks I'm just a standard nuclear white
boy for a while but maybe that's what I
said my rap I don't like what the great
Polar's want you up on stage boy outside
effective they're gonna want to laugh at
me and that's fine and they're gonna
like copy it in a go viral that's fine
you'll be out there dancing like a
goofball that fires and you and Logan
that's fine I don't think it can be seen
Logan
oh here's why whoo look at their room
now it's clean ring life's over what is
this device I'm old-school and I just go
raw bro our gloves cut at it just you
know when your dad's a vlogger that's
how you know your life is over and you
can never come back so I don't stay
still stay still hear it come up a
little bit there yo it's not even on his
face hold on ready let's transition
you're gonna do a transition oh oh I
find out pull it back pull it back go
back I can zoom on my transition watches
look like Nick how's your day going
going good dude I need you to get on
stage and rap tonight well you're gonna
rap right tonight at the performance the
concert in front of our people go
there's probably gonna be like four or
five people there maybe 50 well your
honor
please you're on season wrap bro you
actually have to drop now you can
lip-sync but I still is you'd be like yo
its Nick Compton um I call escape pop it
and you learn these might fit yeah I'm
down England is a city it's really not
and guys I have a special what we're
what we have a special jacket that I'm
wearing tonight this thing is look at
this my last name on the back
Disney Channel ears Lamborghini logo the
gun jet to its every day bro team can
repin hard on the front and then oh ha
oh that's lit right actually wear this
right that's super fire show whether it
represents everything Jake Paul on one
jacket it's not to be live tonight oh
all right bro keep on messing up it's
about to be lit tonight today's not a
good day to mess up wrong you're taxing
to go rapping I give me time give me
time to warm up warm up guys this
everyday go with the Disney Channel pump
closet closet positive bonds deposit my
phone drops oh it's
I always plug Murch Lincoln by that's
just a preview
oh and investor Lambo tooth and I come
in with the crew they didn't just a
previous disapproval oh what's good guys
we are on the set right now because I'm
an actor bro I had to come to set really
fast like right before the concert oh
we're doing some Disney Channel stuff
you know we're actors you guys are
actors I'm an actor too amazing on top
of script and I'm literally in don't you
yeah why why you I just said I could
no no just nothing about it but y'all
how funny is it that I was making fun of
my dad for vlogging on his iPhone and
then like 20 minutes later as you can
see I'm vlogging on my iPhone because I
forgot my camera that's karma karma will
eat you alive
and it'll suck your butthole coming you
want to be in the vlog the iPhone log
the iPhone vlog do we have to go do some
Disney Channel stuff you do you have to
come down and rehearse it'll be great
okay oh and Mickey grabs yeah you got to
go
we are done I'm set he's almost done
what he's done a max I'm sorry but
anyways yeah you're really hyper we're
going I'm an active role but now I'm
about to go be a wannabe rapper bro oh
so he just got here what's up guys
it's already lit there's like three
hours till the show
wrong it's already over four hours
before this thing starts it but not
their fence 9:00 equate wait wait let's
look at look at this venue bro you got
your blog camera back how do you feel
yeah thanks James UFO we were holding it
yeah I was well I had to go iPhone for a
second it was weird because I was making
from my dad and then that happened loses
a fight oh yo you guys ready to get lit
yeah I mean right they're not ready to
get lit Martinez go Mikey oh except the
Martinez twins are out there they don't
have Wi-Fi for example I buy or phone
the Martinez twins are going to die what
he does did you make it
where's your brother where's your
brother yo you just came from the flight
right I missed you bro also Jake callers
almost everyone on team 10 is coming
there's also a surprise guest they don't
even know about it
whoa what's the bet they don't even know
you'll see you'll see this way guys roll
and ends the rest of the squad 12 squad
of a squad for some spawn let's go on
squad oh hi our cuz hey Nick hey Tessa
what's up a while Wow ready to kill it
I'm ready are you ready
yeah take polish I'm humbled the line is
around the corner like this we're back
in the building I love every single one
of you like if you I'm here for you I'm
gonna crash I'm gonna crash
hey Donald Trump Donna tub Wow my boy
right there yeah I get old is it dead Oh
dissen arrow you know what can you get
my be so please know it's about an hour
until the performance guys like I said
we put this on in like one day so we're
like running all over the place trying
to attach the loose end figure out stuff
tracks guest performances what we're
going to do who's going to be where
there's a lot that goes into it but it's
possible oh no it's all gone what's up
BAM it's like father's our little way
did you think I was performing in this
no oh here we go twice whoa whoa
I love y'all that that swag oh yeah
you
yo look out listen there's logos of
UPenn all the way around the whole
squads out here shows about the start
baby huddle up team ten squad I let
every one of you years so you know it's
been an incredible journey incredible
journey I'm trying to talk I'm a little
bit nervous but guys this is just the
start
we're family through thick and thin hey
let's go out there and kill it they're
chanting oh it seems they love the
chicken that means it was a smash hit
he's back at it again are you going on
are you going on stage no oh yeah yeah I
save it forever yo we're out the prank
that they had rigged all the kids here I
really am I'm a teaser for going to the
back guy box so we're gonna be like
behind this I'll be like yo they're
gonna go okay yo
- that though let's go Oh
thank you all for coming out
ready okay I always fog who want March
Lincoln mile
Oh music there was an Instagram
you know I think about
No
it's apparently protect again oh it's
never the future
Oh
it's no man come on a fast yo yeah you
know we do it right right we couldn't
just come in here with justice that we
want to wrap my life are we really
raffles and what I really rappers home
for our special guest Andy ready you
ready you eat is the life this guy's
very important I pulled a bunch of
favors for this you guys know who Jay Z
is would that be Delta jay-z was here
hey yo Jay Z bringing a little thing
about it's not the real Jay Z I just
crank the de callin only thing that it
makes us better
oh never crowd surf man I'm trying to
get my dad to causa yo I'm getting my
dad to call sir no yeah
my dad you guys want to cross her what
blog dancer
I knew that was gonna happen Aziza
formal
Oh
we must you all thank you for standing
in line I will see you tomorrow but rise
so I saw so we've ever had doping
yeah I was let out on it we shall talk
good job Nick I don't know what the
Martina Swindon and the rest of team ten
are down there
don't die oh my god this uber drivers
probably so scared for the ubers gonna
give them two stars take ballers how was
the show
yo hold on yeah yeah whatever
all right we're leaving oh my god over
here over here so chaotic but I was such
a bad get away some chick purposely
threw herself down right as she walked
by you and that was an action movie we
would have all died if he did die all of
it was an action movie I would have been
running in autumn in on a clockwork
because I would have known everything
about the moves just like your crowd
says right that show was absolutely
insane Jake Bolin's I want to say thank
you and everyone on TV I love you guys I
can't even describe like how I feel
right now but the support is unreal the
family is stronger than ever it's stone
cold crazy baby let's go back to the
team Ken Chris ow ooh so Jay Thomas
today has been read as always don't
forget to check out our hot new merch
there's always stuff dropping guys you
don't want to miss out on it it's in the
description so go there and check it out
and if you want to know if you want the
easy go to my Instagram story right now
if you're a winner you're going to be on
there I'm going to DM you guys for all
of your details the family who rose
thank you for like those such an amazing
experience that will have for the rest
of our lives so I'm saying baby and take
Polish I will see you tomorrow because
it's everyday bro
every day bro it's every day every day
bro
Jake Pollard's west pop and check out
this new March whoo that merch is hot
boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check see you guys
tomorrow
