is heavy like paper happy I can watch
this to us but low-key like our high P
actually I have so much anxiety
right now it's like 10 o'clock I didn't
want to vlog today I was so like
pressured with the decision of what to
do with this that I had to think and
take myself out of the situation and
really like make sense of what exactly I
should do with this I talked to everyone
chance
Anthony ray okay my dad I asked you guys
like what I should do with the second
verse after a term of headache and
discussion and figuring out what to do
and listening to your guys's feedback we
came to a conclusion but I don't even
know what I'm saying
well I can't think it's not an easy
choice I think we decided on the right
thing you know basically I'm going to
have I'm going to have like chance
Anthony listen to it first and watch it
and maybe a couple of other people and
then together as a group they're going
to tell me whether they think I should
watch it or not and then after I watch
it and listen to it I'm going to make a
decision on what to do with this I won't
know whether to show you guys I don't
know I won't know whether to like delete
it or there's only one thing we can do
but we just have to watch it and decide
right well no monkey yeah we're here Oh
the dishes were whatever that's no joke
that is too far yeah I love you swatches
knowing the whole thing and like
everybody what happened with you guys
remaining yours was playful playful
serious like his was straight serious he
was pissed when he taught us no watch it
I'm going to watch it just cuz I want to
give you feedback too but I really just
don't like the idea of this right now
because I know what it feels like I have
to just briefly hear what they were
saying think it through
don't just watch it so yeah you know dig
game and try to remember Grossman he did
this in like 30 minutes
now this cottage folk yo J yeah
different so be straight up with you
like he said something but if not like
hidden go people are nothing are the
worst thing you did was bring your ex
into this I'm just trying to figure out
what I should watch it or not how do you
see how yet no I feel like you should
watch it anyways it is heavy because
like paper heavy I can't even watch this
yet but low-key like I are high fee
actually I have so much anxiety I'm
actually I've been waiting for this
honestly for like I hate fit allow okay
I actually like Kate I'm really
everything about this all right here oh
no that's wrong percentage no no way
replay that part yeah usually like I'll
come up with like something witty if I
need to say to like lighten the mood but
like you and Alex
like honestly on both of their ends no
you don't talk about rather your little
brother to you like I think that the
definition of family is a lot different
than that in this current family that we
have right here if one of us left for
whatever reason family doesn't do talk
like this now
nobody would ever pull that will never
we both know yeah honestly I think it
was a little too far playful like
whatever falls out was kind of like dig
dig dig I think you should for sure
watch it watching I thank you appreciate
likely you have in your life watching
this make me and I'm not even a part of
this video but it makes me grateful for
what we all have and I'm gonna watch it
now join us all of you
no I'd like to do it along okay my time
before I watch this I just want to say I
love you Logan
the past like I mean our whole lives
have just been incredible and my
spending time and growing and playing
sports together and making videos on
vine together and growing up in
Cleveland Ohio moving out to Los Angeles
to conquer the entertainment industry
and not knowing what the hell we're
doing and look at where we are like
we've accomplished so much and like we
have our saying like the rise of the
pause
obviously we're super competitive and
like that's why these like few drama
happen and we both have dirt on each
other more than anyone else but I love
you and I really want our relationship
or Brotherhood to be better thank you to
all the Jake callers who support me and
again on the other note like I'm sorry
to you Logan and I'm sorry to the low
gang for feeding into this some of the
play
beyond to take the girl that I love and
do that sometimes things just like cross
a line it's so demeaning and like the
jokes and stuff in like yeah the dishes
whatever when you bring in someone who I
love to cheated on me into the equation
it's not it's not cool I haven't been
like to that close to crying in years
Wow Wow
and the moment that I just had I got
over I got over that thing that human
being that's just worthless yeah I
didn't think out but I didn't think you
would take that just make sure you get
over someone I feel so relieved like
that just proved to me that how
worthless that human being is she
deserves the you know what no no let's
stay positive like still amazing right
now like I could care less but it's
still messed up I like so much good just
came from that I've never had a home
like this I'd rather look so dumb and
vulnerable yeah I still can't put the
video out there because Logan you would
look like I'm trying to like you you
gave me the verse because I think you
knew how real it was you're the good
brother for doing that not just dropping
it and I would be the good brother for
continuing not to drop it like first of
all family over everything like this is
between Logan and I and you guys you
just watch family over everything like I
I didn't love you Logan and I second
love the Jake parlors and I pack in love
the low gang I love YouTube because you
could be who you want to be and know
I can stop you you can do whatever you
want and I've never said this many times
but uh I'm a sissy channel what what am
i doing everyone just needs to come
together and love one another like
YouTube like we're a community like
everyone tastes on me like people talk
smack back I talk to Matt I say whatever
like me Logan like I realized that now I
had an epiphany it's not about that like
we need to come together as a community
and support each other versus trying to
drag each other the fuck down oh my god
that's a I mean if you're watching this
welcome to the madness you know I feel
so like Bill al-azhar is out there like
we're so connected right now I don't
feel so powerful and I just feel so
loved I don't even know what I'm saying
this is the crazy ride that I have this
is the crazy journey that I'm
experiencing since the day that I moved
to Los Angeles and it's absolutely
incredible and if you're new to this
channel or if you're watching us right
now get out board guys cuz like we're
just giving boards up like this is the
most list this is this is the most list
thing ever
you're a Jay Paul or now you have to be
a Jay Paul now I cried in front I did a
form of crying in front of you you're
Jake's mother now like I just put
everything out there for you I tried to
smash this and I cut it so now I'm going
to go tear this up I'm not saying the
f-word
don't say the f-word kids don't swear by
this marks but don't swear course thing
about but don't swear yo let's destroy
does take right now we heard you
Oh what is that
ya know we just heard you
we knew we all watched it we saw what
you get done is it destroyed the second
verse may you forever
rest and as we smashed it
what very smart so take pause I'm going
to copy my brother and do a dramatic or
doable it just makes everything better
but an honesty Rico like the ferio the
moral today's blog is to stop the hate
to not let negativity bring you down to
be bothered to expose yourself to the
worst things your worst fears in life
and don't fight primitive and don't let
dippy what my jokes holds you down and
always remember that family first and do
not let anything else get in the way of
that I don't know if this is dramatic
enough I'm trying my hardest okay
I'm done with the voiceover back to you
Jake hello so Jake I know this has this
wasn't like really like a vlog like by
the beginning of my day to the end but
that's my life guys like not everything
is Lamborghinis and rainbows today was
incredible
today was beyond incredible I feel so
good about life right now and Logan if
you're watching this bro I love you I
love you so much and throw is before
toes you mean the world to me and I'm
sorry for anything that I ever offended
you with I'm sorry to anyone that I ever
offended anything with thing I realize I
hate hate nobody's perfect and I'm just
trying to be the best version of myself
it's okay to be vulnerable people like
it's okay it's been such an amazing
experience like it's everyday bro and I
don't even know what I'm saying anymore
but I'm hype and I'm about to end the
vlog but before I end the vlog I'll talk
about some other stuff five pairs of
Easy's are being given away all you have
to do is follow me on instagram at Jake
always plug merch link in bio become a
Jake polar become part of this
incredible family represent wearing your
merch guys literally just kill it every
single day that's what these lives are
about I'm freaking out right now I'm
just gonna I'm gonna see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bro is that
actually someone everyday bro peace I
don't know what L seen Jake Pollard's
what's poppin check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
poof
