all right 200 our neighbors hate us so
much that ha twinkle twinkle little star
how I wonder what you are up above the
world so high like a diamond in the sky
twinkle twinkle I know you get all that
legal wrinkled face like a morning tape
Paula karma acapella honesty riding with
a group Cossack Easy's on my feet you
already know me my name is shaky what if
you're new here I like all these pants
we do it every case gives a split all
right stay tell me till Thursday I will
utter take a spin so go to the store
down on the bed yeah dabeh
yeah sure
whoa all right guys so we are here at
ofc is our first chain here um so it's
pretty lit today's vlog is all about
giving back to the fans so if we want to
bring you guys ofc so we're getting a
bunch of OSU guys and we're gonna do an
Ohio fried chicken stand and like what's
better than fried chicken for the fan
exactly
okay so uh let's just get some chicken
oh how the like just a big bucket Ohio
fried chicken so no we have a store in
LA yeah this is hot we have a lot of
change that's hot coming soon
nice view oh wow Wow
results may vary any health or medical
issues are not helpful yeah
what how did you get here I heard we
were doing Ohio fried chicken how did
you get a chicken in your hand I'm on
the shirt bro I have to have chicken
okay he is on the circuit let's time
let's let's do it
and
what's your plan my plan is we can still
put a circle but we can put my face in
the middle so your face instead of
chances
yeah yeah I mean he probably saw more
oh uh ordered the OSC Murr that's my boy
that's the boy you got the OSP March
Lincoln mile shameless plug
turtle van bro we finished the chicken
stand you want to see it get out there
he's in charge so we do all the work and
then he disapproves all right tell me
what you think it's great on it it's not
a phase nobody go great no that's your
face you win yeah it is when you're when
you're older
well then show mati dance maybe show how
you do it Oh baby ooh baby how you do
that man ooh baby
oh why do that let me show them he got
this way
oh right check it and I'm like you guys
to pop up all right cool oh we got it we
got it
well you hear the whole day yes I and
how much are we selling for ten I
thought of doubling it you're driving
margins what do we do now okay what's
your name what are we selling how much
is it all right who's the best team in
the world
you guys want a high fried chicken all
right guys $10 each we have samples you
want to try a sample sample yeah they're
not gonna pay bro it's a lot like
Kentucky Fried Chicken cut it from Ohio
which makes it better
I've never had a high fried chicken Oh
too bad caves vegan yeah thank you
can I have a picture of you Oh guys like
the chicken chicken ofc ofc ofc what do
you guys know about bro it's a good
crowd tonight we'll take them out yeah
go for it bro
I think he just really wants to eat the
chicken instead of being the colonel
what are you doing been doing that
are you eating on the job then how is it
almost yeah the colonel approves so we
just pick our own chicken and go you
know where we got it we have a stand no
give it to oh no the chickens back there
guys
tell the chickens back there this is my
boy right here what's your name yo he's
looking at me now I'll fry chicken
that's what life's about shit don't let
me have someone ask for debt you want it
you got a daddy I guess yeah is now a
bad time to tell you that we put cyanide
in all of the chicken
no I don't you keep that yes we should
have a concert one of these days okay
lit oh my god I just came up with a log
your marketing tactics aren't working
bro you only sold like one piece or two
savage we have so much ticket all right
guys let's hit the streets start selling
there yourself i'ma go north oh oh our
neighbors hate us so much time
that's my girl this is it sellin any
chicken but I'm having a blast you want
chicken
we got chicken for you my man five
dollars it's Ohio chicken my boy you
want chicken chicken oh you got it yeah
yo let's go hustle she's on the phone
making calls I got I got four buckets of
chicken no we should take over the pink
wall and sell it all to them here's the
game plan
you see this pink wall over you there's
a lot of people there if we get every
person there to buy a piece of painting
we're gonna be rich Oh see like Osceola
Oh see double chicken chicken
and how fried-chicken new brand you want
chicken give him that chicken who wants
some I mean yourself I think we should
shut down the business what do you say I
love her
we won't shut it down but we should just
eat it yeah oh yes please
Oh see let's just walk back yo that was
little actual day Bobby when did she go
how fight over the speaker yeah again
you were the only one that had an
outside perspective of that Phil what
did it look like the people's faces
priceless they didn't even know what was
occurring they just knew that they were
about to eat chicken with some force
here is amazing no no guys guys guys
stop stop no gang collars guys family
that's my brother I love him
alright then we got the same outfit on
show him how we do it
look at the outfits bro then your star
look at the mic is blowing up you don't
have to be afraid of them they won't
bite you she's taking all that she's
taking all the fans don't look at them I
don't think I want pictures with me the
Aussie thing went super well hey ray
all right I'm les my personal assistant
you I'm kind of digits than your hair
here's the specimen yeah oh yeah okay oh
the fans do yo know guys hold on hold on
t10 peep 10 hold on I don't know if I
trust them take a bite of the sandwich
who the heck are they the fans said you
were breaking in and pranking us so
what's the prank wanted to give you guys
watch there's been a lot of beep going
on all around the internet man I've seen
it and it's like I think we should all
just be friends I'm down for that
there's also some phases in the bag yeah
we got season two we have tasers for why
why are you doing that bad idea I'm with
Donna oh yeah let's do it fitted taser a
shelf in the key hole assignments man
yeah where you want you in our blood I
go ah why are we doing this I get it
that one's so loud oh and yo yo yo chill
chill chill
no I can't do you make me it's only fair
bo the destroido's out I'm gonna buy are
you sure like seriously I mean it's my
idea man
all right look yeah ah already three two
oh right here come on in the chatter oh
you're a large come on
oh wait
Curtis Oh yo yo yo Curtis car you broke
all my love I would watch y'all go on oh
I want to do this I'm gonna look like a
tick Curtis yo damn shit what do we do
yeah my friend got tased in the heart
and I think it's a joke I see this a
little time and I'm freaked out
yo in the show Curtis row is this a joke
Joker he's a friend get away laser brain
this is not doing the ring now why are
you vlogging this bro code
a few moments later Jake's - he doesn't
wanna just in case it's real yeah real
paramedic this dust level and yo another
break heart is hurt oh these are friends
on another no they got an ambulance
well Curtis I caught you we thought you
give it up man you can't even get them
in way but how'd they get an ambulance
it just turned into a beat up
whoo we taught them in the prank baby
that's what's up hi miss deal you
graduated from high school okay
may 5 are big ballers the Cavs game is
about to come on today we're so much fun
Jake I love you guys like I just want to
say team ten Jake callers low game
callers like everyone it's just it's all
now you want to get in better okay can't
get in here get in here guys coming I'm
going through three six and two it's in
we group hug each other also shameless
plug merchant in bio guys we got all
this hot stuff Ohio fried chicken Jake
tall joggers you know what it is we're
always reppin baby digit spinners
favorite and I'm also giving away five
pairs of Easy's now guys there's a
response were so good that we change it
from three to five
so all you have to do is go to my
Instagram right now follow me at Jake
Paul and follow at how to kicks on
Instagram you could get these we're
going to see my parents on my feet okay
they might be fat that's not true but
they're going to be new ones in your
size we will see you tomorrow because
every day
please Jake Pollard's what's poppin
check out this new March whoo that March
is hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time click the link make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on a daily basis and you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 shirt see you guys
tomorrow
