yeah yeah' nicole' know what to do good
morning good morning
oh good morning good morning good
morning good morning good morning good
morning good morning good morning good
morning
Fitness on swing haha y'all's room needs
go either one scared of me bro I don't
know I heard you're walking fast and I
heard the record button yo dude good
morning Tony how are you big guy
are you good you look good somewhat and
good morning Jake abolish your do your
oh jake paul the team ten house and it
is let every single day bro make sure
you're smiling make sure you tap in on
them haters make sure you're working
hard and let's do that sang mama told me
to play nice I'm having trouble with dad
cause a lot of people click to Taco Bell
me when they ain't be knowing the fact
that thought it was pretty clear last
time I guess I'll just say it again I'm
scared
loke if this hit someone will cut their
head off yeah this is sharp
hiya Mendes mom I am
Amanda's well we're asked to get to know
each other here really I married your
daughter actor law yeah what I'm a Viner
to you go I used to bro and I guess I'd
am I like your shirt I just want just a
second can you be my best man miss
Madeline see like we know we already
know it's going down you're my maid of
honor
where's a girl dog oh I can't put on a
dress yeah yeah yeah know the best thing
about this is that I like I'm not joking
at all so we think how many kissed you
won how many kids do you want Amanda
that's not with man I'm down for
whatever you have facts no no not for
man he's a liar I tell you
there should be mommy mommy yes my
behind blog a lot your mom does
instagrams kids yeah and I are gonna
take all you on oh yeah teen mom my
mom's almost black so she'll stab a baby
back at the team Oh God with the squad
we are about to go to a charity event
but dad what are you wearing dude
looking good I'm looking good
hashtag who wore it better who or better
oh I don't know dick at the shoes only
the comments will determine who are
those better Oh careful be careful be
careful be fun to say it duck YMCA it's
fun to stay at the YMCA it's fun to stay
at the YMCA those good guy
well we just start a band right yeah
order to drop a rap song no no I'll do
that now don't do that okay yeah yeah
it's not like it would get like that
well yeah and even if it did that
doesn't mean it's a good song right
right I don't watch it I wouldn't get it
out of it yeah yeah are you a Jake
public you're not a Jake baller are you
a great part yes yes yes yeah maybe my
dad's vlogs are blowing up okay so we're
here at the Brooks Brothers st. Jude's
charity event that's right and really
good my dad has 310 Instagram numbers
are growing
Oh No so then go home now do you oh snap
yo look how cool these stairs are we
should totally get a shot in slow motion
of us walking up it already bigger words
right out of my mouth and I thought you
said we'd never think that I didn't even
take the words out of your mouth but how
about to do we just bond like we did all
right let's do the stair shot how my
words back
Kane did look good
lid
look at all this wrong for this dream
hmm
Beverly Hills is so luxurious yeah it's
great I wake up to it every morning
you all go shopping on Rodeo after Oh Jo
you mean my home address
ha ha ha I think all these people below
us must be tourists ha ha ha
put on today and crumpets already ha ha
ha I'll see you on hole 11 later ha ha
ha ha
rich people play golf right yeah 11 more
than nine holes so 11 would make sense
yeah I'll see him on 11 yeah yeah like
11 Cole cool dad if you're gonna get
girls yeah yeah this is the spot man
don't look it are you ready I don't know
I mean can you hug it
Martina coming out you need to help my
dad and to learn how to get girls oh
yeah
what's the trick give you one well
everyone go to the drill okay
I'm grateful I have followers you want
me to and that's it so I just walked up
and I go I'm Greg palm I am follower
yeah
I'm grateful
it didn't work like you the road you
have to save that sexy Spanish voice yo
my man and you play it every day bro by
Jake Paul you don't have that that was
awesome bozos thing right now we are
about to prank everyone everyone in exam
so Alex had this idea he pranked me like
a while ago year ago I prank Jake and I
sent him a text with this as a
screenshot and I've never seen anyone
panic so much so I think we can do it to
the rest of you exactly so basically
what you do which Photoshop and make it
look like their Instagram accounts have
been hacked and that like the hackers
are posting like terrible pictures on
their stuff it looks a little like this
I have Emilio right here for now and as
you can tell we keep the three lower
rows of their pictures so it looks more
real and it was like some random girls
and like an advertisement and then it's
like on their page so it looks
completely real this is a screenshot so
it's actually a like it's not real at
all but if we go up to then we show them
that we go oh my god and there's a
little bit and now you know what to do
no I think we should give it a try
can we go for it Martinez Martinez oh
they're so addicted to their Instagram -
yes verified prank yeah this other car
yeah are you trying no no don't you hate
it when youtubers tell you guys to do it
like obviously you're not going to say
anything you're just by the screen
anyways because I'm probably going to
keep on doing it it's like
I should be like busting the door like
panic country and you know but you guys
you see that that's me
oh yeah hacked shut up to the pro
there's like a bikini up here doesn't
know no it's literally my friend just
sent me that he said your account hot
rule it's on mine oh look do you have
Wi-Fi guys broke Emilio oh no what are
we gonna do so bad but is like a very
long there's ad means no talk to do
around it yeah I change a pastor China
change a password enter password quit
you have fooled like a hundred thousand
people already saw this fall their
phones that updating bro yo nigga oh
yeah yeah hey yeah hey yeah nickel know
what to do they got hat meet you
upstairs like this like girl there's
like and this is their account no it
sucks is that like it's completely fake
it's Vegas it's so bad yeah yeah it's a
prank hmm
I almost evil ain't nothing on well I'm
nervous right now little bit they don't
have America vol bro they have no
American called you guys up no service
alright yeah yeah I think we should get
dressed I have stuff ready for chance
and Anthony future
Justin why you posting to to this girl's
god forever
oh no forget about that this is bad
why do you post that we might do to
their town had know what the literally
has everything on fix it it has a
picture of like the early has when you
log in change your powerful you know he
texted me he said you read naptime
it's up it's not mine to I don't know
how to react to this you kind of like it
the girl I said like I have a lot more
followers and that's what my feet look
like do you know anyone Instagram oh do
I yeah I do
could we that's above no no no I
actually have 3000 more followers just a
lot of I checked well it's just a prank
bro
I actually thought someone did this but
I didn't know how to react kill are you
I got you look I'm look seeking anything
anyone gives me bad news I'm always like
yeah okay
please Eric dude fuck what happened to
your Instagram what do you mean why
would you post that you talking about
Dean what what what is this dude it's
your Instagram I want next your home you
have no no are you serious bro are you
serious
you don't even follow me bro I see you
like everyday you don't even follow me
yeah yeah that's fine but like that's
all we were tighter than that like you
know I'm like it's fine you know those
people in Instagram right it's not a big
deal
I'm more mad about the fact you know
follow me bro go first off are we gonna
do either you ever been happy for and
also just follow me right now so thank
you dude no no you're like getting free
promotion and I know what is this
something to play with no to you how
they work on all the layers falls into
Instagram
no one is households anything of them no
no one else you won a Grammy Amelia
College Oh buddy take care of like what
7 million dollars you know a single
person that works missed again we picked
it no no oh yeah I want to do I don't
know obviously I know what to do I don't
know what the guys well here what just
we'll just hold this vlog wiser the
corner ah
oh my god ha ha Wow
how do they not see this like I'm like
you have a camera in your hand holding
it like literally like this oh you look
like you're always carrying anything
about it's not like a weird thing for
Jacob I guarantee if you go my real
Instagram I'm following you I got an
editor to do this yeah follow because
I'll go just everyone fo Justin Roberts
verified but what is that bro you can't
be posting that fast
I'm hi Jake
what are you doing hi Erica hi
yeah this is just your dude where girl I
am ago I'm sorry I go Justin you can't
be posting stuff like that here is going
to this hat there's like Aang why did we
post that or is it hacked what is that
that's your Instagram my friend sent me
that yes yeah he was like dude you can't
post up like that I didn't post that
really bad for you man I didn't post
that my friend next we go hard to get to
100 there's no Wi-Fi here you won't load
it I've never been hacked if you need a
like I don't know what to do I don't
know I've never been have you been had
never been oh oh oh my god oh you're on
dive your phone dies and you know what
the worst part about this is like not
only is there a picture of like a butt
and like promoting stuff but it's like a
print yes they all say anything on Ted
no I know how much he cares about his
Instagram because it took me that 100 K
don't worry you're still there okay
Justin I thought all my videos were
gonna be gone you mean
yo what my friend just sent me this know
right act like a mighty time with you
get hacked for what what what turns you
sent me it is any speech other than what
you put me bitch
what no no you mess with me bro Yui I
was gonna literally go crazy this is my
you know got me good yeah I thought I
was good they call you the man by chance
Anthony are here to now it's just ended
to me they would never think I'll do it
and it's a great thing to rent I said I
think you should take my camera and vlog
it they don't know I have a YouTube
channel they don't know I mean I guilt
so we're getting rain do the plane as
because we know they'll know if it's
Jake
we don't know where their their public
test is I'm gonna pretend like I'm
holding the camera down man okay so if
you want to open their door so we have
to find a way to trick them into letting
us trick them that make sense would you
panting yo and if you can't anyway you
know what's the yo way why
while your hat Oh No well hat her up
yeah
dude wipe em we gotta do anyway oh man
we're gonna get all yelping out but how
I can't get more real that I wasn't
there right yesterday he told the camera
I'm like what do you do that counts up
he's like oh you know I'm just trying to
figure out a new channel again I'm
trying to figure out how to focus the
lens oh you got him so I was good at
murder me girl let me go check my phone
do I need to say a word Ross guys check
out this new 10 is everyday bro sweat
Sergei knows matching with the Oh with
the joggers baby oh it's hot what is
this March no huh-uh
if you guys don't want to check this out
the March link is in the description
shameless plug always plug oh you got
your phone Anthony yeah yeah oh wait oh
what happened oh oh oh that's available
now I just set my down because I was
everybody plugging it there's my phone
phone case March Lincoln by oh I forgot
one other thing iPhone giveaway no no
you give away oh I'm giving away three
pairs of all white geez guys all you
have to do is follow me on instagram at
jake paul and follow at how to kicks on
instagram guys we're going to pick the
winners in three days we're going to ask
you for your sizes and then ship them
right to you so follow me on instagram
at jake paul i thought oh how to kick
kind of missed you today bro yeah bro
yeah we didn't have a lot of long didn't
know it's cool come on bring it bring it
and jake follows we will see you
tomorrow Alex we kill it good job we
will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bra piers we have to answer a
little few long hair day sorry Jake
Pollard's what pop and check out this
new March
oh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited-time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow
