I've never been on a private jet before
you know we just punch of kids from Ohio
the dream we're going to do it for the
first time it's about to be lit 7:00
a.m.
swole gang yeah big day ahead of us but
you know we had to get the listed you
don't know about these games baby swole
is the goal pain is the stick yeah is
that your boys cologne started balling
Quicken Loans that will mimic Lapindo if
they all copy me
but this obscene acknowledge paying all
designer hook and they happy what I make
I said attending their Rose always dogs
much like oh I'm dead Calvin 700 back to
you Jason
yeah okay get this for real son oh is
that how you do it I don't know I want
to burn his name though watch TV and get
her done easy
oh that's nice so no that's good I
probably really dumb now it's going to
go down there fight it off
alright chance you got it cash uh-oh
we sell like take two we can even borrow
oh we couldn't even burn his jersey good
let's just download this yeah there you
go
we've never done this before we're
trying to act cool yeah go yeah
okay all right guys it's really they're
gonna call the cops again that's pretty
bad
sorry good morning Jake Pollard's and I
hope you're having a great day we sure
are
I hope you're working hard I hope you're
smiling I hope you're dabbing on them
haters if you're new here I'll take
Paul's this is the team 10th house
literally lit lit first and and it's
literally lit every single day let's do
that time whoa baby
on our way to San Francisco right now
Game one we got my boy what's your name
the G I'm so excited for this game right
now we're going to the airport because
we have a private
so regime I'm going to need you to drive
faster because we're going to be late to
the private jet also forgot the dad wait
no but seriously guys I've never been on
a private jet before you know we just
bunch of kids from Ohio the dream we're
going to do it for the first time it's
but real it Cavs are warriors where is
this NBA Finals but if you had to pick
one would it be the Cavs of the Warriors
I think the worst
oh yeah no stop cart just know that if
you said that in Cleveland you get chat
yeah yeah we love you The Bachelor we're
driving five stars I'm in ratings going
if I could give you if I can give you
sick I will test my boy give you all the
time oh we made it
I ever heard this song before you
haven't heard it oh I bang it's alright
never double folks test all the
competition man Beauty fires nice you
like it it's good right yeah just go to
where the private jets are yeah whatever
yeah yeah just go that right that that's
right so we're on the tarmac we're doing
our thing just joined us we were like yo
we got a private jet over there you see
that one but yeah what's better than one
private jet put two private jet me I
want to private jets that's little and
supermodels oh oh hey wait wait but
they're going online right are going me
I don't care bro Rose rose rose
no we don't need a book I really I
really wanted we did we do have a figure
fuck around isn't better right
ah Oh yo bros before very nice young
ladies yo but we're going on a private
jet look at that way yeah we're a hole
we got to get a cool shot ready what you
doing start over we gotta get a cool
shot
go go go I'll get the cool shot at you
guys
you want to make it what up guys brought
it back just like boomerang Lima wrap
pollutant came by really quick this has
been a tuna like we're vlogging with a
private jet ah not ourselves I mean it
is
this is so dope
oh snap they got brownies yo we made it
oh man what else do you need in life
nothing
is there an ox board we're not going
they found it there let's go whoo so no
aux cord I'm trying to play it every day
bro summer to Hodgins translucent and
pavo 28 it whoo all right we're coming
in hot it was a short flight it does not
look good right now oh my God we're
going way too fast I forgot to put my
chicken on is all the moment Oh Oh let
popped up the plane in San Francisco
with its app we're gonna win again let's
go today oh yeah
get off the jet into the whip I think
we're going to get lunch and we're going
off to the game guys let's go in the
back you always a party in my way this
light leave that light that's little
kids that in the back another week
speakers I know you got an aux cord he's
gonna he's actually mad right he's
pleased actually mad oh now he's mad
never seen him not answer I've been kind
of wearing warrior City bro like there
was a guy over there laying on the grass
casually in New Jersey for no no the
only ones in this city wearing oh my
gosh they are when oh they're everywhere
if you start to look who is gonna be
worried
have you ever had an espresso shot
before so this will be my first
they doll one time
oh you handle it like a chant though I
thought you're gonna puke it up whoo
at the stadium guys let's go for do this
thing I might have to sleep the camera
into the stadium
I don't know how strict they're going to
be my turn into an iPhone vlog if you
gotta do what you gotta do I feel like
we're about to get shot yeah we'll just
say oh he's a miner you can't find him
oh no way I want my LeBron to work oh oh
my voice I wore my LeBrons to work bro
oh my boy yo Aaron hey in 2007
I mean peasant yeah okay so we made it
in guys just hanging out we're at some
like rusev Golden State Warriors party
the owner of the Golden State Warriors
is here the Commissioner of the NBA in
here there's a bunch of like famous
planning for they're all everyone's like
staring at us but we realized something
we were afraid we're going to get shot
but then we realize we're in San
Francisco which is where like all the
tech is and so we realize they are
they're just going to hack our iPhone
and put ads on content so even worse if
you enforce so yeah it has maybe haha oh
and guys if you remember in my song it's
everyday bro I said catch me at game one
just me at game on God breathed on the
scammers by the way the different camera
guys I had to put my other one away I
just wanted so it's lit its lit we're go
into our seats
oh wait
Oh wasn't us Oh yo it's literally all
warrior stance
oh we're just waiting plugin yeah we
lost the battle cry we have to wear the
jersey ah
you're like the whole contestant we've
raised of yellow the king the to LeBron
let's go we both may bury any health or
medical issues are not helpful gosh look
sorry bro try
let's go yeah I did Hey oh we didn't
yeah we didn't we don't even come here
not to ya
nylons why are you sitting and asylum
silence why is there a guideline who are
you guys ruined for this half time and
we're losing so we're just getting the
dog to everywhere all words are saying
is who won last year yeah I do it we're
really happy all right so we upgraded
see we wanted to grab the back so we can
appreciate the front boy that's my boy
calories let's go guru
let's go LeBron baby there was
up-to-date caller
let's go around I use do that yes like
you to come
is
we're not a witness something we're
getting to store numbers but you want a
picture only if you say go can Oh big
fan big fan you want a picture who are
you rooting for
crying I'm not crying
don't know that number what happened
last year that's the Queen and I mean la
I'm family beforehand we lost it
one thing is for sure though and really
kind of premises to the commercial who
jacob haulers today was such a fun day
I'm absolutely exhausted I might be able
to sleep I was yelling the whole entire
day guys has always make sure you check
out that no March we got some cool new
items in there for you guys and Jake
Paulus I will see you tomorrow but god
this every day bro who's Jake Pollard's
wet stop and check out this new March
whoo that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 shirt see you
guys tomorrow
peace
