my older brother Logan Paul probably
never heard of him he basically uh this
if you could even call us that his
YouTube video he just he dis it's
everyday bro the song badly if you want
to throw bars let's throw some far so
now we're going to make a diss track
yeah you like that don't you try myself
Oh Nick I'll put the mouse oh yeah
there's another one fun down yeah more
who wants it who wants it the best one
is it oh my god oh I don't even have
bags hey you mate what I got back oh
good morning Jake Wohlers today is going
to be an awesome awesome awesome day
this morning we woke up and the song was
number four and iTunes what's the flip I
hope you're working hard
how have your dab it on them haters I
hope you're smiling I seriously smile
today is an awesome day and if you're
new here I'm Jake Paul this is the team
ten house and it is lit everything of
their brothers to go to you guys like
when I do that don't you you want to do
it I like it better when you guys do it
ready go together close like cute twins
that you guys are too let's do that
oh yeah I have something that'll make
you feel better
oh yeah yeah we made it in one day we
complaining we had like three days to be
better God so critical everyone so
critical nowadays Erica yeah this could
be yes but you playing and you're not
but if you wear it would be you God the
vlog miss you yeah I missed the vlogs
too actually
oh you just missed a pop tag which makes
you grow followers hey wait so are you
guys
is it Jericho back I mean was it ever
hear cut yeah was it a thing yeah why
they that's our baby
wow you're such a good mom really yeah
cute they are
yeah movie made them sure it wasn't that
nice or you know do you know all these
babies right yeah we on yeah you got to
say that you got them from us oh we a
daughter now from Jake yeah oh yeah oh
this is telling us that's why let's go
somewhere else chance oh goody some
things oh my gosh yeah what oh my god is
this oh yeah it is raining outside Vicki
Chucky come back come back we cannot get
rain on our new planet the Gucci Brella
okay I'm gonna get the Gucci Bella
oh my god I did not move to LA to have a
listen rain how are they gonna get a
tragic
like oh my god you need to get down
you're going on a date with Brad Brad
think we're good to go
like let's go oh did you have a Miss all
quarters yeah no um yeah guys so we're
at the mall right now and we have big
news
tomorrow chance ante and I sorry Justin
are going to Game one of the NBA Finals
and we're gonna be repping the Cavs so
hard haha baby kill you before I'll be
there oh you're going yeah so but we're
at the mall not to dress to get Cavs
jerseys yo I'm going LeBron who you
going with Anthony Kyrie you're LeBron
LeBron was like oh hi so we should match
yeah boys are you get anyone yeah I
think we got to get a curry Jersey but
wait what we're gonna burn it before the
game that's what we're gonna before the
game Davenport is you down
oh man bro gotta be swag we're gonna be
wrapping so well chance has this idea
we're gonna get cash shirts and throw
them at Golden State fans in the stadium
I think we're gonna get shot yo my man
we need to add for these two we're gonna
throw them out at Oracle Arena yeah god
Bless You Man
he knows we're gonna die he's so gonna
sell it to us know what chili with chili
oh oh that's good alright we got the
stuff time to go
oh shit under my legs oh but we got a
fire yeah yeah come on
okay okay that's funny okay I'll go get
filament filament filament Jake polish
my uh my older brother Logan Paul
probably never heard of
he basically uh yes if you could even
call us that
yeah it's YouTube video he did he disc
it's everyday bro the song badly with
his little crew learning the name of his
little crude weeds is wanna be wondering
though the help me need or to help me
need you or whatever before we keep on
going with this the song is number two
on iTunes
give it up but um we made the number two
song in one day yeah and one day and my
brother decides to come in here and talk
all that smack talk that stick talk and
so you know being the Jake parlors being
the team ten being the savages that we
are we don't take L yeah Logan already
took an L because I think their song
couldn't even break into the top ten
yeah we we reach the top two seem to be
number one in the day well I don't even
know yeah it might be number one by now
we're like yo if you want to throw bars
let's throw some far so now we're gonna
make it this track low yet we head into
the studio are you upset okay haha guys
we had to do it like that we're making
another song to it we're making another
music video to it oh and guys this time
the music video is going in this vlog so
keep on watching you're going to see us
make it a little bit and then you're
going to get a music video and within
this one yellow man oh man two-for-one
deal yeah cuz because Logan isn't
important enough yet to be a separate
video I don't want to give him that much
clout yeah so again we hit him with a
song a music video all in one day
unplanned off the right now we're going
again but this time it's a bigger
challenge because it's three o'clock so
we're three hours behind let's go yeah
back at the studio in this beauty hang
guys while we on the drive here I got an
email from kids FM which is like one of
the biggest radio stations in the United
States and there was a put its everyday
bro on the radio in our hometown
Westlake is about to hear West fake oh
man they got radio play we're gonna make
another hit Logan Logan a source I bro
not really not really at all you did
this to yourself this is on you bro oh
yeah yo what's up bro we're back at it
back in action this time it's a diss
track it's only the that's what I'm
saying fam number two on iTunes right
now baby radio time Logan just know that
if you're watching this and I want the
audience to know that we're only going
60% the full 100% it just wouldn't be
fair it was a warning
we're only doing this piece what if you
did you try to come back with another
song we're gonna roast you like and the
only way you could come back with
another song as if it was today after
you watch this because if you take two
days to do it then you're just a bitch I
agree one Ally latest Mars bars bars got
the first part of this written mother
jump in the booth baby you already know
it's about to go down
whoo check check check check for phone
I'm gonna be right back guys we're gonna
start the music video soon I'm Ally loca
ah so we're finishing the song now
chances in there doing some some some
ad-libs the you know like the good type
of stuff but we'll give you a sneak peak
get just amazing music video for this
but first I gotta get my hair cut Oh
rich link and bio
Jay Polar's see you tomorrow because is
every day
bro boos I'm sorry love
how to dish you you started but i'ma
finish also did this a one day I helped
me help you make a better song bitch ya
know is dolak although logging is shit
by the we is the Walmart wonder Russian
the take palace on top and we say
question
no it's t10 and you know I stare up and
where to buy all your blog look like
mine reflection you talking trash about
the song we made we did it in one day
you had to spend 60 turn on your radio
cos man just hit us with a place only
thing worse than your song is I'm all
gang why don't we talk about higher just
a rebound baby came to you after a Jay
Mitchell wasn't down till I just go
there that's just my bro my mr. Donald
Trump there I don't really love him care
come on step hop beat so everyone knows
that mess with me cuz you do movies but
are you hard in the business I've never
done not a script to a stopping on vine
but now your content shit shit why you
drop a song and take me to promote us
current job what happened mr. Fitz now
everything you make got my name in it
it's my second song but I'm already on
nothing with it can we book customers
but you don't know how to draw the shit
a dog on top and I will never stop like
I'm running from you make up better song
bitch huh numbers don't lie the logging
is shit and why don't we is the Walmart
one direction I'll make a list on top
can we stay flexing let me help you out
I'm all rose myself now you got more
followers on Instagram wow I thought for
like 20 minutes of how else I can roast
myself and that's all I got
but I'm sorry Logan j/k I'm never sorry
okay thirsty pulled up you call it tell
us sorry water fuck buddy can time
mystery is on - just appears I'm a poop
buddy
tell me help you make a better song
bitch numbers don't lie the logging is
shit why don't we is a Walmart one
direction the check Alice non-stop we
say flex increase daily day oh sorry
love you for real oh I love you but just
know that Jake Pollard's what pop and
check out this new March whoo that
marches hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time click the link make sure
you're subscribed to keep up with my
life on a daily basis and you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
poof
