you know whatever you Oh yo what's
poppin Jase fellas good morning to you
this morning I woke up super super super
early because I think it allows sweet
last night yo what's poppin it's like
7:00 a.m. only I know what I'm doing Sam
but I'm looking still alright let's go
and good morning to you guys I hope
you're having a great day
I hope you're smiling I hope you're
dabbing on your the haters um and if
you're new here I'm Jay Paul this is the
team's head house and it is lit a
vertical good bro let's get is a sonic
boom okay ladies and gentlemen we are
here on say I got my BA reason with me
hey I was school today
well until today I learned much like
first of all there's this one planet
named Uranus aha why in the Siam hail to
die now planet after mine that is really
weird it wasn't a half there you know
what I think man there no roll over the
river from Cuyahoga County in Ohio and I
ever heard this thing like that hair
area your items now we're just talking
about drinking beard
shootin the air if there ain't beer or
deer I can't do that our good friend Lea
friend Neil with a freaking moon and
then he said hey man there's no deer or
bear up here and I said then why in the
Sam Hill did you go and Anna say hey
Neil did you leave and yeah oh dear
healthier I'm out of there
all I need is a 300 Ryland six-pack of
corn line I can literally limb up
literally million years after I agree
with you by direction jr. Bobby Bobby
Johnny Joey Joey Joey zamyla forward I
was having a conversation with it one
gentleman when I was in to yoga county
and we were talking about about football
the American sport right and I said you
lived in Cleveland your entire life he
said hell yeah I did and I said well do
you like the Cleveland Browns you said
no and I said what in the Sam homazooma
as always guys around
that's so damn disrespectful and makes
me want to pass out with it I was right
hell yeah
and if you don't like Ohio yeah you know
what we sound like that one turtle from
Finding Nemo
oh hell yeah you're been to the Rock and
Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland I love
Aerosmith man that dude looks like a
lady yeah rock and roll baby
you like country I love them like a lady
yeah if you ain't had Taco Bell stop by
KFC oft and milkshakes in the same day
then you are not an American or not in
America and you can get that's my boy
put my camera damn near close to my
mouth it's just comedy if I ever seen
comedy what in the Sam hell are you Jake
Polar's doing right now you need to be
laughing you better have your pot off I
heard on this guy he was gonna freak
what stop right there
none of their friends I'm gonna save the
environment and why in Sam hell are you
the environment doesn't need to be saved
you do let's act are you an actor I'm a
I'm an actor bro okay
and so we acted and acted and did some
Disney Channel type of things and then
it was time to go home okay I get to see
ten house does the song is number 20 on
iTunes and it's been like an hour
yo you know and let me tell you it's
everyday bros the Jake Pollard's up
popping my penis wink at a represent the
espa√±a ah dad what's up where you been
I've been making vids baby we're all
over quick look at popping baby
oh you're with Logan Paul vlogs I'm a
Greg Palmer I'm a jig caller I'm on
Logan caller I'm a baller Oh can you
listen to the song I love a song man hey
proud of me I've always been pretty
Jake's my boy that's right I'm part of
you when you were a wee little one
before I had subscribers my first
subscriber you were my first subscriber
it was a so dad that's how you know it's
real
yo you look it's in the fall no it is no
way no it's not it's number four on I
know I am in the morn oh wait hold on
hold on
oh I just thought about it per second I
was like oh you look fast beaver a real
fast what do you think oh hey what is
Logan song get to like 11 it's trash Oh
I personally watched it like ten times
I've literally watch it like more than
ten times like it's so good every time
oh is it just because we're in it maybe
it's baby baby you'll have to watch it
but not if you have a watch again I'm
saying number one baby iTunes number
four but yeah Justin Bieber - who's that
give up Drake's no worry about good
you know is he confident my god okay no
I'm not gonna Compton I realize we says
a male in my city but it's really our
country it doesn't matter so that we was
chilling we revived in we were doing our
thing and then chance brought up to me
that I should call Anthony to check in
I'm like where he has been but at this
point I didn't know that this whole
entire thing was a prank they basically
set me everyone in team ten you guys
they set everyone up and it seemed like
as Denis was leaving team ten so this is
kind of how the story like lays out but
the chance was like rubbing it in and
like made me call him before everything
happened
yo Jake Pollard's what's poppin hijacked
the vlog really quickly to tell you guys
something I'm hoping you're not too bad
just know I love you and this is a
one-time thing just to see how it went
no one's ever really done it before but
basically we've been pranking Jake all
of team ten and all of you guys there's
no fight between Anthony and I he just
went to Ohio for this visit family
whatever is actually coming in tonight
and we're going to surprise everybody so
I'm going to go stir up a little
something-something with Jake tell them
to get Anthony a call see what it does
again guys it's prank wars I'm sorry now
you're a part of the family you wanted
to be here we go you want to see the
prank on my channel well our channel
chance and Anthony like you subscribe
make sure you give it a view it'll be
worth it yeah have you got the handy one
off yeah she give him a call on the
FaceTime or something I didn't like
trying to text him but yeah I was just a
thought nopal yeah I was doing see
missing his that way it's like I got my
game a little bit I was like why was he
in the saw
which isn't my song yeah I think he
would have killed the verse - well maybe
he'll get in the next one
kind of still with Jake follows from
yourself taking back Cory McCall Anthony
I guess yeah so bro stop you a chance
bro
we miss you I miss you guys too
please come back well I'm thinking about
it and my husband and I talked a little
bit yeah much back soon really sorry and
no talk about it like I've been friends
for a while but we're still at it like
officially got like it confirmed yes
yeah well that makes me so happy my eyes
are getting like a little watery so I
wanted you to FaceTime like kind of tell
you oh yeah I'm stopped blogging so I
got off the phone with Anthony and then
I don't if I don't feel up what if I
told you and you just got Frank's you
know whenever you know you got denied
having ever Li Ren yeah yeah we
apologist and everything lots of pride
really agreeing oh my god yo I was
literally so shook like I didn't even
know what what the thing I was done a
lot for my best friend I didn't know our
thoughts of compute R oh I'm just glad
you're back bro drill is wait wait have
that mean renko well that was like four
days five days Frank buck why cuz you
want in the music video I need to sit
down you really like hey let's pull good
old Jake into thinking that Anthony's
leaving
team time yeah I was playing it cool in
the vlogs but like low-key I was
heartbroken
we realized that we saw everyone's
reaction like it wasn't really bad like
we like we talked about it like you're
going to cancel it and I was like maybe
we should just play into it like really
get into a fight and just feel like we
made up it has quite a lot of control oh
oh I'm gonna get you guys back like
you've never seen before but at the same
time like I'm still in shock you should
know if it's really good I don't need to
see good you haven't even said it in the
vlog since he's been gone yo I mean I'm
pissed bro I don't even know what to do
right now I'm I'm um but the good news
is that it was a prank so we had to
celebrate now that he's back we have to
celebrate is gonna be something about my
best friend
hard person to learn Mathilde men we
didn't know what to do
so that that protocol it roll it that
was a little abrasion I miss those
things
yeah what should we do now do some more
I'll stuff like oh come on guys else can
you guys possibly do that normal people
don't do do you watch the blocks where
he said what is Ohio stuff
yeah let's comedy come on no that's kind
of what I have you ever been Ohio that's
just a subway who's in the finals
oh this Cavs the defending champs oh
it's only teams ever come back from a
4-1 deficit in the final
oh you want to ask about the more hot
because we can keep on going no I want
to be engulfed in Ohio stuff dear and
Pierre Ohio brushing results may vary
any health or medical issues are not
helpful always plug DeMarco Lincoln bio
to chop your folk many plugs emerge on
the back of it oh oh oh it's like maybe
you could teach us some Cuban stuff -
sometimes it's all about the hips and
legs like I just humped boy next Monday
we're gonna go that slow Tina we're
gonna dance salsa I don't know what that
is but um down just four guys in a
garage and a camera
alright guys so what are we gonna do for
celebration ring for what for him
returning we we just know we did it yes
well motion was you could tell the
trampoline the cart and yeah basketball
was the celebrate oh yeah I mean he's
really not that important he's just that
he's just like the kid
okay okay okay
but all this is blog right now are you
guys trying to do well we just did car
do not go do some game yeah I think
talking about the gym anyways are you I
love the lip from Jax beating but for
real the let's go live every day bro
with the disney channel flow pops mill
on youtube in six months never done
before past all the competition man I'm
not gonna stay open
yes I can't read and no one knows
ah so small kind of working on it but
guys back at the house and I'm always on
set of bizarre bark and you guys haven't
really maybe some of you haven't seen
the show before but you probably know
Jake what are you always working on like
why you always there you spend a lot of
time there and so I want to give you
guys a sneak peak of like a little
something that basically we worked on
just check
I'm going to take over the internet and
replace every video with this I'm a bag
Jake callers today has been incredible
guys we got the song so far right now
it's number six on iTunes like I cannot
thank you guys enough the Jake collars
are so strong it's truly a family thank
you guys for coming with me on my
journey of life every single day if you
haven't heard the song you guys gotta go
check it out as always link in the bio
we got hot Marsh baby and I will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday bro this
every day go hey Derrick booth oh oh I
got stuck in the table boys Oklahoma
phone case is now there one piece Jake
Pollard's what's up and check out this
new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 shirt see you
guys tomorrow
