we are about to have the team ten
Grammys we have the most hated person on
the internet award most likely to leave
team ten Awards oh my god
oh my god are you good well just another
day at the team tan house say oh good
morning Jake polish what's kuchi if
y'all in new here my name is Jake Paul
you guys are the Jake callers and
welcome to the team ten house
hey oh that is the squad team ten guys
we got babies we got really fast
vehicles that jump off of ledges we are
the most lit youtube channel on the
platform that is a fact
so guys put your vlog belts on and get
ready for today's rollercoaster ride in
oh boy do we have a rollercoaster ride
today and the reason why is about to be
a rollercoaster ride is because we are
about to have the team ten Grammys like
I said it's the most lighthouse that
there is probably in America you know a
lot of America anyways we have the most
hated person on the Internet award most
likely to leave team ten award biggest
liability award most girlfriend's in the
last year award most whipped award the
dumbest thing to be said award war style
award and worst employee award that's
the team thing Grammys guys we're about
to get into that and you know it's about
to be madness guys but you know that's
pretty usual at the team tent house it's
about three madness but the madness
actually started last night I thought
the boys we're gonna have to like
literally get into a fistfight to be
able to be cool with each other like
things were getting pretty heated but
that is why Ryan you guys know Ryan he's
literally rolling on like our whole
entire lives now so that we can capture
like juicy moments like this yeah oh
don't try Jeff cut yo blow time Jeff
Karson up garage bro don't drive drift
carts the garage one of you idiots are
gonna run into my car you both suck at
driving no it's straight if they're
drifting like I love these guys I'm not
mad at them but I know they're idiots
and I know they're also not good drivers
so the chance of them crashing in my car
are high and honestly if they crash into
it how quick am I gonna see them pay for
my car oh you guys chill you're coming
inches from my car bro
no maybe you are it was right did you
are paid came in hostile as you gotta
understand this is my baby bro like but
just say like yo guys like my car yeah
and it's like I mean like these things
are easy to be like crash into a wall
like I slammed yesterday I don't know
you know if Jake Paul runs inside my car
I ever like any of that about any of
that
we got a respected bro I'm not gonna
drive the car if cards in there anymore
but we're thinking you guys are problem
bro I know she had to leave in the
middle of the day I still love them
don't get me wrong but like do it if
you're being an idiot you're being an
idiot that car's my baby and they're
gonna crash in the side accidents happen
I don't care how good of a driver you
are or if you're a pro if you're Jeff
Gordon I really do think though that the
main point of this guy's is toners
single oh so much drama idea what the
fight Gator what no guys it's fun drama
it's it's it's honestly it's drama but
it's fun it's like it's fun like
literally I love drama like Pharma mom
you probably didn't even know that
Anthony hooked up with your girlfriend
in high school Courtney you probably
didn't know that that's like I love
drama so like what happens it was gonna
happen
okay cool cool cool cool anyways guys
and the madness ensues at the team tent
house there's all types of madness yo
can I Drive it if I were him I would
never let a bomb kid that looks like me
do this but you know it could guys like
I said there's a lot of madness that
goes down here and the presidency
yesterday's madness first of all smash
that subscribe button right now join the
Jake Paul the family baby it's the
strongest team on YouTube but I actually
bought this here Hummer for my friend
Armani Oh what is going on right now are
you guys also yesterday we jumped the
razor off the ledge
and then after that we are well sweet oh
yeah yeah we are Matt neighbor Jake who
has a pet pig that was dope
what's his name oh my god this is the
coolest little piggies but guys yo you
saw the madness from yesterday you saw
the drama from last night but what you
didn't see is the madness from this
morning basically we woke up early this
morning to lift because fitness is the
first step to greatness guys and yo like
lifting is like a brotherhood it's like
you cannot miss a lift and we realize
our boy Kade y'all know uncle Kade what
he was sleeping on the job no no no
honey no I mean though so we took care
of the situation about the workout
where's Kate you guys actually want to
get serious 8 a.m. lifts four times a
week
I'm it let's go income up
politic does smell like that's not a
joke I love you though Chad your chance
that's Chad but Ted you know we love you
dude Oh guys we won't k-dub what mission
accomplished and then the whole entire
crew got a workout in we woke up this
morning feeling great smiles on our
faces I hope you guys have smiles on
your faces and I want to share something
with you really fast I have all of my
goals more than here post it up in my
shower so that I never forget what my
mind is focused on it so I can
accomplish all the things I want in life
so I challenge you guys at home write
your goals down put them in your shower
so that you could see them on a
day-to-day basis smile when you wake up
in the morning and I'm gonna share one
of my goals with you which kind of ties
into this whole entire thing so as you
can see one of my goals is hi Jay Paul
will have a six-pack I say it to myself
every single morning guys and that's
what life's about that's what this
channel is about just in general like
becoming better every day smiling every
single day when you wake up getting more
fit every single day eating healthier
every day getting better grades every
day whatever you got to do every day to
get better as a person in general it
will seriously change your life but to
be honest guys being the church I am
sometimes their goals like specifically
that one because I like food you know I
really like food a lot that goal
sometimes is a little bit harder to
follow and this morning was a true test
of that to continue the madness things
got things got really weird this morning
so here's a pizza content I was trying
to be funny it's like a piece of content
pizza content it has to do with feet
what do you mean no Jeff you don't know
children we literally just weren't down
you turn on this voice in your life hey
now get back I don't care
hey you're supposed to be on a diet we
agree to do the diet together this is
the coolest mom and dad they brought us
pizza you can need a hug 8020 rule
though I mean what's the 80/20 rule %
nutritional 80 percent I don't care 20%
I still okay some cheese small some
pizza me trying to understand girls like
are you serious I'm joking
good joke I mean your life's a joke are
you swearing again this is the most evil
baby in the world first of all it
doesn't like me like I don't know why
and second of all this baby literally
curses the baby is the devil she's a
cute devil but roll the clip no bro what
are you teaching your kids what is this
called
you can't bring Minnie Mouse into my
house no baby I'm just kidding you know
I would like to drive your a new vehicle
well you can't because you see here it's
broken
oh yeah well I was like driving
yesterday it was like it was like I was
going and then then like all of a sudden
over that about sums that up what is
happening when you don't know what's
happening in a vlog you have to throw
something I'll buy your new one
don't tell Erica do you know what's
going on no I don't know it's no no
neither things get wild here at the team
den house guys I'm telling you yeah
we're doing a lot of talking and not
enough award-giving it's time for the
team ten grannies welcome to the 2008
it's live in the team son hello and
welcome to the first annual team ten
Grammys I'm your host Kate speiser here
with my co-host snake Paul oh yeah how's
everyone doing tonight I'm so excited to
be here
wow the vibe is great already the
sunsets falling in amazing everyone's
clicking really well on the red carpet I
thought this is going to be an epic
night absolutely phenomenal casts we
have here one other book that's
beautiful absolutely beautiful I'm so
excited
in fact the celebrities are starting to
pile in let's check in right now on the
red carpet
yeah so a great group of people here
everything is going good I'm so excited
to run man we have a lot of awards to
give out tonight what is it
most the most hated person on the
internet most whipped in team 10 it's a
big night for us guys absolutely this
being our first two were so excited to
host many more we're gonna kick it off
with a bang let's get right into
tonight's award ceremony thank you thank
you so much for coming beautiful this is
the first annual team Sam Raimi's and
I'm so glad
like I said we have a packed show here
we have some amazing awards to get out
this evening
things such as most whiffed were style
most likely to leave team 10 things I am
incredibly excited to and without
further ado let's get right into the
awards show I'm gonna be an expert
presenter here the first award we're
going to be presenting is the dumbest
thing to be famous for and cheating I
know a lot of you're thinking that's me
that's me what if someone here we go we
have our winner here we have our winner
here
Nicholas Crompton with England in my
city yeah
right into our next award this is a
tough one we have a few nominees the
category is most girlfriend's in the
last year in no particular order okay
and our votes are in and I have the name
in this envelope right here a lot of
lucky gentleman's in the crowd this
evening let's see who it is oh my gosh
the winner is
oh man up no chance for a couple of
years now and he truly is a player
honestly not a shocker to me either
hahaha what's next hold on I mean shoot
I forgot I'll see you on stage next
category is biggest liability so you all
think it's you let me check here we have
Chad and Jay Paul and beware because of
all the dump does and specifically the
broken private jet handle goes to
every fear is that a to push no sale for
that guys get to accept the award thank
you guys oh man I thought for sure that
was shed it looked a lot like Chad man
and I thought it was actually Chad but
you did win so Chad if you're watching
this from the Quiznos two-for-one sale
congratulations you super deserve that
one now and up next for your award is
the worst style Oh a lot of contenders
in this category our next category is
worst side Wow I've added a lot of
you're thinking that's me that's me but
only one can win of two nominees here
again in no particular order
manager keV champ Sutton and Chad temper
thought you weren't here
I think Quiznos I need a medic a bro
what do is being weird I think about my
senior would leave oh hey not any
further review winner of worst dress at
the team ten Grammys goes to chance up
for not owning a pair of jeans
find you one morning me the trifecta
terrible style man
she reminds me of that uh what is it I
roll the character for my sake I
actually have a juicy one as our next
one whole easy category the most likely
to leave teen town let's get right into
this one for our next one midway through
the team ten Grammys here it is most
likely to leave t tag our nominees are
in no particular order
Erica costo justin rather bull nicolas
Crumpton mange Paul that's what will it
be okay and I have our winner right here
in this envelope
Wow oh my gosh I don't even think
anybody will be mad at me either I mean
who like Jake Paul am i right anyways
let's get into the next award all the
town looks like
not me I'm unemployed I get it trust me
- we have a few contestants here they
are now assistant Sydney oh she did
argue for Nathan yeah agent Joe and
Krista who could it be
oh okay and with talent out of the
budget sit down with the employees who
is the winner of the worst team ten
employees I have it right here my one
and only brother
dude never know this is why you're the
worst never set the camera down dude all
right fine fine
speech speech I love you oh my gosh that
kid gets fired like every day almost
every day
you must be terrible every day bro
literally every day truck which whoops
leads us into our next category this is
a big one this is going to be an intense
one she's gonna break some hearts mrs.
Merton some feelings tears III for see
tears in the near future
we have some special nominees that you
guys are going to be very eager to hear
but before all that we're gonna jump
into the commercial break we'll be right
back
join the everyday pro movement people
and calc yourselves some of the hottest
urged in the game go right now because
the take callers sell everything out
our biggest category of the evening get
on the edge of your seats because it is
the most hated person that is one of you
here believe it or not I have the
nominees right here on this table
they are Jake Paul that's it yeah that's
him
Jake Paul
Donald Trump of the biggest category Oh
seriously what do you mean dude Jake
where'd he go
Wow unexpected appearance from longer
Paul out of nowhere at the team ten
Grammys someone say a turn for the best
it this has been one for the hooks guys
Wow on first one yet we really picked it
all for the bang well guys thank you so
much for watching top yourself some not
a bad doing that cold backslash sake
Paul guys you already know that was
gonna ask me teen 10 Grammys I hope you
guys enjoyed that video and I will see
y'all tomorrow because know join the
everyday bro movement people and count
yourself some of the hottest urged in
the game go right now because the take
collars sell everything out and smash
that subscribe button and join the most
let YouTube channel on YouTube I'll see
y'all tomorrow
