it's so real oh man here we out here do
anything less I'm saying like I don't
think this has ever been done before
shut up a mother freestyle ah here we go
I said good morning Jake parlors I musta
pop my collar
I'm bout to make $2 I'm about to make
this mark I'm about to do it every day
cuz it's every day bro I got the phone
got your girl got your ho got it like
that gotta get it I gotta go got my crew
with me keep tank a result yank on
throat yeh from roads s everybody knows
I got the VJ ha Patrick's with the
filming Bell talks make sure you step on
them haters all day long will convince
this up what the flip is up I put the
drink in my cup and I drink it all up
our hop up there yo oh my god good
morning Jake Pollard's we're out here in
Los Angeles if you new here I'll take
pulses the team ten house and it is
everyday bro let's do the third
what do we do to that yo-oh guys what do
we do today
Martina student have you met say what's
up say like hey nice to meet you you had
a great night last night so guys I just
want to say one thing honey
no issues are that good I don't know
what just happened yeah now that that's
cleared up we could go on with the rest
of the day I don't know what we're gonna
do Michael is alright
he literally left yeah yeah those are
dope but your your brother though she
was alright guys
oh my gosh gonna move know her off
better get breakfast no no no no better
J guys guys I'm gonna tell you we make
no no yeah hot girl we make um yeah yeah
bro it's a music video
sure yeah that's the law that's what we
do we have to make a song and a music
video all in one day you need a pen we
don't know what the fuck we're doing oh
I know people I know people people I do
business bro I'm an actor bro I know
people imma get on the horn and start
making some phone calls you guys call
girls get Lamborghinis Martina swings
start thinking of your first row cuz
you're gonna rap today and it can be
okay guys let's go a few moments later
yo no I'm trying to make a music video
make a song and a music video
all in one day and so we need cars girls
everything probably one card we have no
idea where or what time this is going
down yet we're trying to figure it out
but like my house today I have the 675lt
and then I have the f12 which I have
like a full kit on when seconds later
guys I got the perfect guy to call for
this his name is guy to make a music
video in one day I just changed his name
to that hey what's up man how are you
fucking hate you're not working out yeah
so basically I want to create a song
like a rap song and shoot a music video
all in one day so we need to make it a
song first so I don't know if you have
like a studio or like a someone who can
have a beat or exactly regular I have a
recording studio in all the woods that I
manage and I have a better advantage and
the problem is I need to do it today I
won't be able to make a specific for you
let me change my boy doesn't 1 he
doesn't know that it's everyday bro why
we're going to keep on hustling why did
I think is this idea come on several bad
puns later my boy bro I need to make a
song oh my god using mix I need to make
a song today like right now yeah I need
a producer and studio time you got me
all right text me bro thank you so much
we're screen tells you we got you two
songs about to be lit let's go my boys
guys like
studio and I got us a producer oh let's
make a rap song just got to the studio
we got the whole flippin the squad
literally right here guys and right now
it is 1:30 p.m. and we have to make a
full rap song and shoot a music video
for it oh and this is the definition
this is the definition of its everyday
bro my boy da yo what's poppin bro
say what's up to the Jake Pollard's
what's up homie we need a song done in
like maybe three hours four hours okay
we got this bro
that's why we got the best team they
said we couldn't do it I said we
couldn't oh we're gonna do it it's so
real oh man here we out here doing
things less I'm saying like I don't
think it has ever been done before like
a full rap song and music video in one
day that's what we're going for
Martinez wins you have to go on tinder
start swiping and Matthew has girls and
invite them to the music video shoot
later you got that I'm gonna pick the
beat ray you look good chance you got
some chicken I'll be right now ah Chad
you just yell stuff Oh max maybe you get
food Justin yeah are you guys trendy bro
I'm tracking the aggressive traffic hard
okay like we're out here you got one so
yeah I think what's the one I'm singing
all the time I always I like yeah yes
yeah no this is it this is it yo we got
to write some stuff for it Oh step oh I
got Nick Crompton coming I got a singer
coming I got Tessa Brooks coming give us
time you must I'm you can't rap
Oh bro I've already got likely this rut
look at this bro
I've got like a whole rap written if you
write it then I'll read it broke we need
a British guy on this you need to be
like it's Nick pumping in my color I'll
write it I got you okay okay
whoa so I just finished my rap 16 bars
first verse of the song guys everyone's
in here writing we're hustling hard we
got snacks everything is in here with
our baby so I'm about to go and record
this you ain't nearly just wrote this -
this is in like a prank refresh yeah
just what we were doing everybody just
did maybe a little sneak previous comes
like oh it's every day bro with the
Disney Channel just wasted a song baby
Oh give me some give me some like future
auto-tune I sound dope I can't hear them
they're talking to me but but you guys
can't hear them I'm about to go in guys
like what's a song without vocals you
know what I'm saying so I got the best
singer in all of Los Angeles to come and
sing on this song not sign up for this
yo you got it she's gonna sing the
vocals but oh my god this song it's
alright Nick no Nick you got there I
don't I wrote his rap there with me we
got the rap right here you know it's
Nick Crumpton and my Colorstay puppet my
name is Nick Crompton and my calmest a
popping oh oh you got this wafer with
the beat oh my god
what yours wins to go in has Oh Tessa's
in the booth finger boy you don't yeah
yeah yeah yeah bar Briana's putting the
final touches on this song guys we're
almost done this is so fired just like
wait ah are you ready
I'm all ready my mind equals blown we
just finish the song right now it is
5:30 the music video shoot starts at
7:00 I need Lambos I need cars we need a
mansion we got this guy's we need a
cover art for the song right it's gonna
be on iTunes gun can you make the cover
art yeah you're gonna master it right
Diego yeah I'm gonna get the song signed
to a recording company
you're gonna choreograph the dancing
yeah yeah this is how things come
together with the hurry let's go let's
go
oh snap bro we just got here
look at this crib we got a mansion oh my
god let's let me do this you serious
whoever thought we'd get this mansion
look at this pool oh my gosh
Eugene now this is actually the hawkers
house guys so yeah this is in our house
but it's lit though all right so now we
need girls you are on tinder right guys
okay
cars cars I got the cars coming I'm
freaking out I've never done this before
oh snap we gotta we had a sports car my
girl amber hi thank you so much for some
info we got a Ferrari oh snap this is
lit so this is gonna be in the music
video it's gonna be late I mean all you
need is a rap song a sports car and a
mansion all right I'm trying to think of
like how to start this whole entire
thing
avoid kind of shooting it we got the
squad here I think we have another
supercar coming because one isn't good
enough let's get the shots going bro so
where are the girls
that's a ambriano but yeah we're Tina
bumble there's some over here whoa come
on I got it I got three do sex change
okay ooh chance is going in get them
chanting yeah all right I do I don't
remember my words that we made it an
hour ago oh snap what do we got what do
we got what do we got
my boys big that's good dude that is a
music video that's all we have to do we
just stand in front of that and then the
music video is done by so the shoot is
going good it's hard to shoot the vlog
and the music video they're going to be
two separate videos guys so if you want
to see the music video it's going to go
up in a couple of hours so be ready for
that baby yeah okay just broke her up
here my director it's actually hard to
do all this in like a day I wish we had
more time but we don't huh yo look at
this scene look at this scene right now
wrong oh my god yo oh you can't hear the
song anymore cops on our show this music
video is like the most literally this
vlog is all over the place I'm sorry but
it's harded music video and vlog I'm
gonna give you a behind-the-scenes sneak
peek at the first scene here
yeah talk about you here will you keep
then we have to keep it down but guys
that's a wrap on the music video thank
you all for helping I'm gonna keep on
talking
what so challenging all right guys we're
getting the shot in the Aventador we're
just getting some drone shots that's a
wrap flippin wrap on the whole time
music video Vick my boy fist bump
thank you so much for letting us use
your Lambo let's go back to the thief
townhouse which is the steam train house
and guys the music video is going to be
up in a couple of hours so stay tuned
for a second upload today I'm so excited
for you guys to see it I think it turned
out incredible I still can't believe we
literally came up with this idea to
somehow make a song just use all the
connections and people that we know to
put it all together and make a living a
full rap song and a music video all in
one day guys
world record and so I want to give a big
thanks to everyone who is involved
parker sunglasses GI automotive for the
cars Victor for your car Connor for
helping to film team 10 with everything
guys well Kevin Asajj for helping to
film and guys the iPhone winner goes to
shook Natalie so Natalie congratulations
you want an iPhone I'm going to DM you
as soon as this is posted everyone go
congratulate her and Jake polish as
always merch link is in the bio always
plug and we will see you tomorrow bright
and early because it's everyday roll do
this every day bro with the Disney
Channel flow pop spill on YouTube in six
months
Jake Pollard's what pop and check out
this new merch oh that merch is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
put the link make sure you're subscribed
to keep up with my life on a daily basis
and you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
