I really seen that trend online are you
sure it's a trend seen it everywhere not
like we're going to start it let's do it
take Polish good morning
totally look at this car it's charging
right now I'm bored I unplugged it so
his charger let's go going to go to jail
so we got good morning take five
let's do that yeah it's breakfast time
what do you want
don't you want doughnuts
there
yeah I told on us yeah that's better
than Duncan yeah six shots boy guys what
is top and Jake Pollard's good morning I
hope you're working hard I hope you're
smiling I hope you're dabbing on them
haters hey if you're new you're on Jake
Paul this is California
this is tan three part of team 10 it's
lit every day it's literally lit every
single day guys and right now we're
going to treat ourselves to a little spa
treatment we're here at mutti lounge Med
Spa because guys treat yourself take
care of your body if your body's right
your mind is right if your mind is right
your money is right if your money is
right I don't know if your health is
your wealth kids take care you come it's
Sunday morning guys let's do it all
right guys so we are in here with Jaime
Veronica I don't know your name but
that's all I'm out and yes you make me
sexy right yeah we're gonna try was
everybody sexy time here again I don't
know about that right you're just gonna
take my face off yes I'm gonna actually
remove the top layer of your face and
then I'm going to put it in a jar and
they see all the stuffing on it okay
you look at my baby my face bro fellas
you look good oh you look so good should
we did kiss
what No okay so much all right you just
felt pretty also what do we got here
IV hydration and the vitamins vitamin
b12 what what is that well I you put in
IME yeah this is all gonna go in you
okay okay pain is beauty right just
commute pillow feel oh yeah you know
you're glowing ro I'm chillin man do I
look sexy or what if you were dude I
beat you yeah boy come on we're here
video squad goals what's up dude we're
gonna be sexy hahaha
Frappuccino most facts they just give my
alcohol thanks but I'll try to you know
we just had grape skin that gets all the
girls were born like this guys it's all
natural not really thank you for the
stuff guys it was so much fun okay what
is that we're gonna be back more and
more and more and more especially Han
but he really needs it Oh
back at the team cathouse guys we got
Justin here
we got Ethan here we got Isaac here we
got raising Rick raise raise raise no
son are you doing there Rick
sorry yo look at these two Disney stars
your Disney start I know but you guys
are Disney stars like you're the
definition of a Disney star absolute
like young look at how old are you do
this
look my boys got dog tags he's got like
a nice out watch my boys got you Z's the
ripped jeans like neither Disney star
I'm just a kid you're just a child I'm
just yeah yeah
there is a little chop well as nice car
Kuban I'm CUBAN he's Cuban just like me
oh you guys do look alike wave it nope
Oh yo yo you do look alive both
extremely ugly yeah so basically I have
this merch we're gonna turn this into
Jake Palmer right now oh yeah like that
we're now officially wearing a Jake Paul
yeah I have been onset of bizarre bark
yeah you were off the episode last week
it's hard dude I mean like who I don't
have anybody's room to just go into you
know oh so you do love me I like your
camera little bro eaten too bad Erika's
not here so this is this is actually
Erika's desk how do you feel bro you
know I feel at home you feel big pimpin
I feel at home and she was compatible
with her I do the energy for the
connection yes
what's he doing this is knowledge sure
it does my boys they know smarts well
you got it what no you're going straight
for the bed no you should FaceTime are
gonna oh yeah
I'll hold it you sit on your bed on her
bed and just like I'm ready
she better answer she never asked her
something first of all she plays hard to
get
Erica what's up I was surprised I was
surprised for you he's ready yeah I
don't know I picked the lock
no it was open yeah you're gonna come
home he's ready for you where are you
right now - Ville right yeah we're
talking
engines for silly-string um tactically
entirely cool who's probably at a girl's
house that's gone boy boys a legend yo
Peter straight-up tackled me that's how
you handle prank in the team penthouse
for her commotion I just went for it
pull us up Martinez trans clean that
hurts my phone phone case is now
available 15% off is your home cause
it's a team pants shirt no no one's ever
worn that that's exclusive right there
yeah he's famous on Disney for me the
biggest Disney star J criminal in my
opinion they may add like 40 40 million
yeah probably
where were you yes yes I said where were
you yeah where were you like well yeah I
got new verse I was another fella yeah
when you where were you where when you
burn Souls Universal Universal that
wound over good good your book is
somewhere over here just yeah I don't
know keep on reading that I'm looking
your face why is it more handsome been
Judas just 15 I'm you know I'm trying it
was trying to be like yeah he's trying
to be like yeah cutie people when I was
18 yeah and I was just as cute as you
guys really yeah my Instagram was poppin
now I'm 20 not as many like you only
have one more year ago I've been
relevant since I was 10 bro you guys
just came from Spain and now you're
popular so you have nine and a half
years to fall off
good luck thank you okay you better
learn English too you're gonna get
interviewed and you're gonna die it was
good I was feeling oh no no I asked you
I asked you what's your name I was
chilling how about this right someone
said oh you look familiar
where do I promote Monday where spend
so you guys really got to practice more
so guys I invited Ethan over today to
prank him basically he thinks that like
we're going to do some sort of video
idea but really I'm going to tell them
that there's this trend going on where
you can try and see if you can hang
someone from somewhere using duct tape
and so all of us we're gonna like duct
tape him up and hang him from the stairs
the only way is like a hundred pounds
and then we're living in a tournament -
like a human pinata punching bag yeah I
wasn't gonna mess with any yata that's
you know the pinata nope no pink pinata
is how we say in America penis being yes
oh is this Spain
no no fuck why do you work yeah
peop yeah yo can we just let's just
measure we're gonna dump me I just
thought about it anyone would do it
latest trends thought about something I
know I'm an artist I operate program you
know Disney are you ready to do this
video we're going to try and see if we
can hang you using that day tell me
about that I don't really see that trend
online are you sure it's a trance
everywhere no like we're gonna start it
yeah yeah set the trail blaze a let's do
it oh so guys Ethan's going to stand
right here we're gonna put the duct tape
around them attach it to up there I then
pull out the chair
once again
the men behind the plan like what we're
engineering I think he's already hanging
I think you're like already ready to
hang ready our engineering skills are
getting better and better as these vlogs
go around
alright ready see if you can come up no
we did it does it hurt
I've been yellow pull it out move that
chair guys now everyone got a trend
pinata did you actually think that was a
grand night told me let's do one don't
ever leave me to dig fall do don't wear
take phone hi bro huzzah the best actor
on Bazaar bark wait wait who is it who's
the best actor okay fine fine fine fine
Logan Paul gets dark
hello who's the best actor good call
yeah I'm sorry bro you're a good sport
all right so this is a gym eject yeah
so you need a five yeah this is heavy
and just start curling it they might
fire you though you play a nerd on
Disney Channel so if you get to Shawnee
they're gonna fire you
so maybe it's just do cardio if we make
him a tank are they just gonna find
someone else like a jack little even lay
on okay guys I feel like that wouldn't
happen
hey Erica look at her be my friend
here we go yo dude dude dude what are
those are you doing when you were 15 did
you have a job for you on Disney Channel
he was doing ninja 15 I was in the DMS
oh sure sure he gets lit in I have to
slide it it's okay sorry I love as well
as levels you're building your building
can't concentrate too much like a
rent-a-cop debate my state of mind is
intoxicated updated Adirondack and
faking this crazy I didn't want to take
that phase plot undercover hospital in
the play by side my homie when you get
it alrighty guys welcome to the DFC that
Disney fighting championship of the
world
today's contestants we have Isaac
Presley versus ethan wacker place your
wagers place your wagers I got my money
on America nothing hey hey no Cheney no
Cheney
what does hey Nino hey whoa I don't know
if I can get in trouble for making a
good player
yeah this is your eyes idea racing makes
me a serious we want to do it that's my
boy
carnage a Konami I'm gonna touch close
okay minute round one round the timer's
a champion three two
please softly sorry to freak you gotta
eat there now yeah for Mickey go for
Mickey Mickey Mouse the Disney fighting
cabbage oh come on Ethan service
aardvark
hey Ethan like I took oh come on Oh
nobody had a body head body head body
head okay pull back back back pull back
away it's so real I got it to fight the
Martinez twins ready
thirty Seconds volitionally body head
body yeah oh I see it
come on Ethan you got it Oh Oh is it
yeah you yeah yeah yeah I said
differences of metaphors more crazy
Rossum was getting me here Lily did you
see this put it on the slow-motion ones
it the one - it was so clean season if
you had them at the end there together
then the whole their whole rest of Isaac
was in control
hey Jackie that's just raise both your
hands and the winner of the Disney funny
championship me Fighting Championship is
a true Oh Jay Paul vlogs like and
subscribe baby
back from the gym Jacob Carlos today was
so much fun I love you guys don't forget
about this iPhone giveaway guys is the
last day I'm announcing the winner
tomorrow all you have to do is smash
that subscribe button and follow me on
instagram at Jake Paul don't forget
about the murder
guys we're constantly dropping yourself
I encourage you to check it out the link
is in the description the 15% sale and
in a couple of hours we extended it one
day for Memorial Day so guys the sale is
going to end in a second here so don't
miss out on that and Jake Paulus as
always I will see you tomorrow because
it's every day bro man what someone's
gonna say push Jake Pollard's what's
poppin check out this new March oh that
March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake fall
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 shirt
see you guys tomorrow oops
