it's every morning bra good job
aha
well yo i'ma start changing the same to
its every morning bro you guys this room
is still so ratchet
yo I came in running in the room and I
went to go punch Anthony it wasn't there
Jake father's come out of breath good
morning and I hope you're having a great
day wake up guys make sure you smile
especially your debit on the nitrous
oh yeah make sure working hard whoo is
it seems Hannah
I'm Jake Paul this is the team's
henhouse and it's lit every day bro I'll
do that
consecutive stuff from these warning
shenanigans
I mean Martinez are done just going to
take callers we got a plan you're
getting revenge
it's so deep and intricate like we could
film it on our channel and have a whole
video but no we're just going to film it
on your channel and your intro they're
so pissed that I wake them up every
single morning and now they're going to
give you bird okay I'm ready bro we're
coming for you just know that whatever
you do on 4th accident and pour
excellent you're four times Indiana's
back all right
it's a war bro I was gone I was going
it's fine
oh go in this door like I left oh I'm
sorry honey
so guys we came to the store because we
wanted to like break a world record
today and push ourselves to the limit
and say like yo let's build the world's
biggest visit spinner that's what we're
gonna do we break records that's what
I'm saying fam so it's not make a
business spinner and they kick this out
social media our audience is getting
bigger go play somewhere else cuz I
haven't go to Lowe's about being
recognized we just get kicked out there
like you're the guy from YouTube when we
go to Home Depot their competitor that's
even better
ooh Jake Pallas they're trying to stop
us them they're trying to stop us do you
post it what's your thumbnail all right
what's your thumbnail do yeah you're
gonna call the cops
yeah I like your earrings those are hot
you get those in some work oh and please
your staff they do their course with us
I didn't know that was extra lit I'm
still asleep yo it's like 11:00 a.m. on
a Saturday I'm like I'm just trying to
make the world's biggest finding out and
they're like just sitting there trying
to think of how this could possibly work
and all of a sudden
which to by the way guys we have no idea
how we're going to make the world's
largest midget Center but we're going to
do it
store number two we're getting the
fidgets the hell hawked up baby
thank you stop stop I don't know how to
do you say world's biggest for just
finish while I'm done this a long time
Wells biggest fidget spinner yeah yeah
spinner hey why you get a fidget in it
I'm fear of you
I said fidget been on you just tumblr
crazy Roger econ's we're green light for
go yeah we basically have no idea where
we're doing here Rafi cans gonna get her
done
Bob the Builder built some stuff we're
gonna put some wood in the bucket and
screw in some bangs and just well in the
world your fish is fitted flipper flat
oh now we got it done honey
it looks like you need Oh hahaha she was
a dope vlog transition
well put the J or flipper and I'm going
to saw the the Horsehead no let's do it
here you take that air out of there this
is definitely like a midget midget
magician Bob spinner thing they said I
couldn't do it and we're doing it with
Balu
now he's got a maker spin was through
that
it's time to put the fidget in the
widget yeah that looks like the center
not bad for a couple of dudes my
calculations are telling me that we're
almost done
um no it's done Martinez twin what's
this
are you doing we killing what do we do
now
but this exactly we got spin it bro do
you JJ max world's biggest bitch it's
been aa minute
Oh deal watch your head it'll take off
your head oh my god okay that's down you
know you cannot use this in class oh my
god oh god yeah yeah well what about
Finny if that was that well that's the
point yeah work so good it's like too
good they run out of wheels or something
here yeah yeah that's what happened so
that was cool yeah like three o'clock we
got a lot of long time we should see how
fast we can get it to go we got to make
it a thousand miles per hour bro oh
Jesus this is a mechanic's behind it you
grab onto this this is like the middle
section of the fidgets wheel and then
the rest of it spins and these tires on
the side of our would keep it weighted
and it literally does not stop like this
thing will go forever we're gonna try
and get it to go as fast as we can so we
gotta get it going so fast oh can you
imagine right here ho all this and with
I don't know how this worked I actually
didn't even think it would work when we
were talking about it biggest spinner
was sick but guys right now
my brother is having a photo shoot we
had Intel from radius' he told us that
my brother is doing a photo shoot right
now for his March so we're gonna go
there with my March on and flip him
crash his photo shoot he has no idea
that this is about to go down but Logan
I'm sorry bro Jake Paul is overlooking
everything is a week no one's safe from
Ali later today Palmer's we basically
got a ton of cans of silly string Adam
all March we're gonna run up in his
photo shoot and crash it on the move one
move yo bro
we're like pulling up right now is he
there shooting right now man and all the
way Amanda's there yeah right I love you
brother quick let me step off by heart
by go go go delay so he has no idea what
is going up and we all turn the corner
spray no man are you cheating on me Jake
Palmer is let us never forget never
shaken by oh oh giulio what are you
wearing
my house is supported are you cheating
on me crying I was a maverick virgin
mother
yeah we're supposed to be Danny get away
from her Amanda's Makana my girl she's
always been my girl she's like she
respects you that's what she does your
things but like this is how it is I
think no I'm the magnet coming to me but
you know 15 I wasn't I wasn't God you
know I wasn't kissing her neck boy now
who's about now like I do a kids dog so
she don't you'll kiss me on the mouth
right now I'll kiss you right out of all
city I'm an actor bro I'm an actor an
actor you okay I don't know we have to
act because if we're actually brothers
doing this that it's we're here I'll be
Amanda Cerny
oh it should be a lesbian scene I'll be
Katya I hole I had to have an Australian
accent main character hi hey baby what's
on your lip can't do it
I ain't just a cold sore now yeah what
guitar pieces
that means everything it was from my
kissing challenge with Amanda she bit my
lip it got sexual right it was all
camera we played a spinning kiss duel
game with like five dudes yeah it's fine
it's just like really quick
I don't kiss my brother with herpes no
no we're gonna have to see in
parentheses contagious boom I guess I
gotta counter 200k in one day yeah but I
got deleted cousin low game strong and
they know it's wrong and not Wong who
why do we make that I rhymed you want a
cookie or what he's feeling wrong go run
up ah he's gonna be my thumbnail today
we're making him fly oh look at your
struggling struggling come on to Daddy
row I don't know what's going on with
these boys be a maverick anyways well be
a maverick only gets you three roughly 4
million views per day on your vlogs I'm
gonna be honest with you miss fly low
don't get don't get that closer with
that thing on your liberal I'm going
down to allocate their food it smells
good in here we're gonna have a little
family dinner guys hey where's Logan
yeah he's not here was I yeah yeah yeah
we're gonna move when low is not home
Oh
Oh
no no I choose why oh why did you have
my shoes yeah Logan yeah Logan I got my
shoes back though king of the castle
oh hey Logan hey buddy what's up dude
hey thanks for the food we're doing my
house yeah I just watch out for your
toothbrush did you put in your butt like
you did last year bumper fun and not for
prank oh yeah how did you actually know
that that's exactly what I did I let me
put it my butt did you poke all my
condoms that's just cruel bro this is
real life dude nine months later tonight
what's your dog in Marty mugging what's
common oh thank you guys all for coming
to the family dinner let's all say a
crit say grace do your heavenly Father
thank you for blessing me all right I
already ate that is that supposed to do
for you boy
I don't say my great until I ain't clear
the whole plate first I just say the
word but when I say I think of a girl in
high school I mean even grace you're shy
what is this vlog on this angle when you
put your camera guys funny did you know
that like comedy that's like it's like
this is just like this is like me
talking I don't like what is this no god
oh my god - do you - I do
I really flip and do all right
team ten when you say we do some real
and get out of this oh these teams are
bidding to say okay Jake he wishes the
beauties would happen but they're not
here's a hole oh snap
what is this what is this Oh
Oh God let's go back to the team time
house Oh so guys today has been an
amazing day thank you so much for
watching
there's only a couple hours left if
you're watching this to get 15% off all
this new March we're not going to be
doing a lot of these promotions guys go
now while you can use the promo code
always plug the link is in the
description and don't forget about my
iPhone giveaway guys all you have to do
is hit that subscribe button and then
follow me on instagram at Jake Paul's to
stop what you're doing right now scroll
down smash that subscribe button then go
to my Instagram and follow me at Jake
Paul always plug baby in Jake Wallace I
will see you tomorrow because it's every
day bro
Jake Pollard's what stop and check out
this new March whoo that March is hot
boy new items of merchandise limited
time put the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
