I call this one the Orbeez wake up
we got my Dean and you got yours on
Lori's well your morning je polish and
welcome to my life if you're new here
I'm Jay Paul this is a team Kent house
and it is let every single day bro let's
do that
whoa so you're probably wondering like
Jake's why is this Lamborghini here
basically we're doing some rich people
stuff today Lamborghinis I'm here with
Parker from vehicle versions he's about
to drive me around in his Lamborghini
you know Stewart I just doing some you
know just just adulting oh my god oh my
god okay yeah let's do it
Oh
Oh
No
they're working and you know one thing
about these cars I don't think it's loud
enough oh my god hey mother Mary oh my
god Lisa twelve seconds later a few
inches later good I'm good are you good
I'm good
holy cow there's a turn there's a charge
there's a tard Oh
if you moments later oh it's a lot
different than a four-cylinder car I
don't know dude I think we're going a
little too fast we're gonna be bad
several bad puns later
oh just wish to stay here for say I'm
legit carsick that driving was so much
fun guys I cannot wait to get my
Lamborghini Parker thank you so much for
taking to me you're very well in yours
I'm gonna need you when I get mine tell
me how and then maybe we could like do a
race or something what want to do a race
all three you your brothers and mine do
a three-way a slower will I kill my
brother sucks at driving low gang so
we'll probably destroy him but guys you
could check out his stuff at vehicle
virgin he does a lot of cool stuff with
cars so if you like that go check them
out always plug always plug promo code
actually always plug the merchandise is
15% off heard about it so go and get it
only 48 hours left and let's go back to
the team tent house
pretty soon back at the team 10 house
babies we are so out here guys what is
poppin what a fail
Oh God what kena says what's popping up
Oh Ohio
Justin he's in school right now get in
home school
yo that's actually you guys yeah you
should be in school we should be with
you right no I do their news look you
listen 15 another laptop keyboard
keyboard computer yeah yeah what else
you got butter water you know this is
this is a cup no to this look uh boss
yeah person oh yeah what is this job Wow
like a rabbit yeah and you got it right
the first time but it's not a mouse is
not like a rabbit Oh oh my god I got it
no no no it's a condo a condo and wait
oh that's that's hard electricity I like
chicken it's a battery but yeah by the
way I'm at your party that's good I like
to make fun of you but you guys are
actually good hey hey she's so scared of
me weird how's that we are very normal
thing to do yeah I look yeah what normal
what's up what's up Jake nothing what
are you doing today um not much I'll
just ask you the same thing
good now what do you think what I think
about what this amazing oh is that your
merch I was thinking affair but yeah I
think it's yo what's poppin what's up
I'm getting the game bro everyone wants
chance and Anthony back our low keep
guys it's pretty sad but like I don't
right now it's things are just kind of
complicated right now you have a fun day
okay all right all right yeah are you
done with your homeschooling
no way so what did you learn Marta Cole
was your run you know it's just normal
stuff like history math all that boring
mom did you learn how to move your
nipples what is school is good for
anymore when I was in school they taught
me how to move my nipples watch
ooh look at him go yeah my maths teacher
taught me that elbow crappuccino so as
you can tell by the title of the video
guys we are about to go to Amanda's
house and prank her we're gonna put I
see ha in her lotion we're gonna sneak
into her apartment
Justin is texting her these are in there
always making videos together
he's texting her to make sure that she
like is getting in the shower because
she just got done working out Justin
knows the key I do know the game I know
the game he keeps leaking so I'm gonna
put icy hot inside of her lotion and you
can get out of shower put it all over
her body and she's probably gonna freak
out yeah yes Adam told you to come
through stay up with a cool reload
Oh alrighty guys we just made it here
and now we're about to prank Amanda baby
step savage savage so even better
justin is calling Amanda's assistant to
let us in and Amanda's assistant is
going to tell us when she's getting into
the shower hey now it's Justin Robert
are you a Samantha right now I'm down at
the side entrance can come down and get
me yeah sure yeah thanks ok guys come on
come on this is no prank let's go
Frankie I mean let yo is she almost here
she's taking a while she's probably
waiting till Amanda's in the shower huh
she in the shower yeah yeah yeah do you
think a magazine that you feel is in I
guess so where are you from yeah no same
with them oh oh it's been great turn the
music off we have copyright issues I'll
get that adsense one second do you think
it's too far if we put a camera in there
it's fine really
if you just edit it and come on VIN me
continue and I feel creepy yes you can
you edit around it and then send me
whatever is left ok baby because I have
to get married one day and you had
basically fine
everything set up now we wait until
she's out of the shower he was so much
bro
goes way too much actually she is my
Ritter Disney Music Awards so it's
probably worth the photo shoot more than
eventually
it takes like a minute to start burning
she's not bi Scott
oh yeah
oh yeah okay what's wrong oh you're just
longing what's wrong my skin is like
freaking out right now
like I'm like overheating Maccabiah
probably a pre-workout does it burn all
over you my face is like I'm right what
if someone puts yeah and like your
lotion or something like a youtuber with
a blog yeah I put I got ya I got in
there it's a really good thumbnail
especially cuz you're on your towel I've
been through this before it wasn't
pretty
we come in I know how to fix it you need
a lo I'm going to kill you I'm gonna
marry you - you can come over anytime
you want really yeah I paid her oh my
god like on fire I felt like the whole
fall on me it's called I see how it's
like I see and then hot so that's
probably what you're going through the
hot part right now yellow it goes away
it doesn't go away like my skin is
bright red right now oh you're gonna be
flying Amanda and honestly it's not that
bad it's okay
sorry I'm gonna need you back now before
I where's my trophy by the way I feel
like I have a right of passage to prank
you as you get the trophy yeah
how are you I was
like not oh I'm hot attack me a man get
your revenge I'm ready I'm ready to be
attacked I'm going to kill you all right
no no no it's not as bad as mine though
I've bathed in it for like ten minutes
why would you do that to you I got 7
million bees what's not the helis oh
there's a second camera in there but
where's the craziness it's all right
you're gonna cut around this one around
anything bad yeah my thing was like yo
we're going to get married one day
probably anyway so it's fun yeah so like
I'm gonna be nice guy so it was cool you
know what this could be good because I
just worked out that's what my - I
learned it after I worked out today I
put it on the nori so yeah you may used
to look great let's ship it Union I'm
sorry Amanda okay that your skin is
really smooth that and now though well I
also just shaved before so then I put
lotion all over my body with icing on in
it so really you sure look sunken okay I
guess I guess where's the GoPro at in my
toilet papers - do they kind of blend
them into circle Emma you know what else
is camo I March 15 percent off of the
next 48 hours and the promo code always
plug we'll see you in the second no no
no no I mean I'll see you have one Oh
what does that mean 20 minutes late now
manda you're on a shower
are you okay so little bit my skin is
like a little bit red but you look fine
oh yeah it's good for your muscles let's
do a picture right what are you thinking
like I am a woman as her my mom I'm
gonna get it out no I got it or anything
I'm gonna hold you because I'm strong I
am woman that is Instagram and it's a
photo and it kind of displays you know
how much stronger I am than you with the
pranks because what's coming for you
gonna be way worse than the ICR thing
you - did you get your revenge yeah you
can fight me whenever you want - I'm
sorry
so we always excited checks yeah now
it's hard to focus hame buttoned up no
no I was reading that says guess it does
yeah Randle a 15% off like you see here
and then
on your shoulders you are you you're not
worried that we're gonna die I just you
you know the first step to marriages
trust almost there all right
yeah yeah I know I'm ready all right
Amanda let's photo shoot hashtag photo
shoot goals bro
let's see what else is popping me you
want to do it for me yeah no I say let's
do that dang it's like let do that
Dankers back in the team ten house guys
and right now we're about to do
something so savage basically our friend
max you guys have seen in some of the
vlogs he is having like some of his
family and his girlfriend over here and
the whole entire day he's been telling
them like hey I'm gonna take you to
Jake's house but like he's on roids he's
really mad don't look him in the eye if
you have to call him mr. Paul he's a
really mean guy and so they're all in on
it too anyway so basically when he gets
here with his family I'm gonna be like
acting like I'm pissed off I'm like
start throwing stuff and I'm gonna go
like introduce myself to him like this
and make hey I'm Jake and they look me
in the eye I'm gonna freak out on them I
think they're going to be scared out of
their minds you're like yeah he like he
thinks he's like really Hollywood and
like famous and so I think they're going
to be like really scared I don't know
how easy it is going to it's going to be
to film it but let's do what happens
oh my god address okay what well because
you want to meet message friends my
girlfriend's outside but I just barbecue
friends yours one in you shortens Jacob
hi max me me me yeah I'm sorry
no I'm talk I'm sorry stop game you
could then just just meet them bro
goodra good show
if I don't upload the why not because my
Wi-Fi is not working the old Love
Generation Next to geothermal what hi No
hey guess what huh little bit there's
way too many people in here
get everyone out please please please
that I need to talk to you bro everyone
out
I don't want don't bring Brendan people
on my house every time I'm at don't be
yes please leave I love you I was so
mean I'm gonna say that anything I was
just like in a biggest asshole no you
were hyping it up all day though I was
like I thought you were bipolar know
what was happening
I left Gary row but I like I kept it
together died you know that was good
that was good I didn't know that's
called the Hollywood prank oh I'd say
mothers that way I'm sure really well we
got them I think I want to start doing
that too like everyone who comes to our
house today has been so much fun don't
forget about this iPhone 7 giveaway guys
only a couple days left all you have to
do is smash that subscribe button and
follow me on instagram at jake paul to
stop what you're doing right now scroll
down a little bit push that subscribe
button and then go to my Instagram
adjective en turd to room suits iPhone
and don't forget guys there's only 48
hours left for the 15% off of our merch
guys using the promo code always plug
typing in you'll get 15% off 48 hours
left thank you so much for watching I
love you guys I don't say it enough and
we'll see you guys come on because it's
Bruce
Jake Pollard's what pop and check out
this new March Oh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow poof
