you know they can they can deliver yeah
we'll be down there soon yeah good
morning Jake Pollard's what is going on
guys today was one of those days where I
had to deal with the situation in the
morning it started off with some bad
news but overall today was such an
awesome day stay tuned I'm gonna be
narrating it for you guys last do not
die guys um we're dealing with a
situation right now Anthony and chance
got into a fight and now Anthony saying
that he wants to go back to Ohio
and he's like packing stuff up being all
ready got a flight in the morning we're
trying to figure out what to do and I'm
gonna try to figure out more details why
is like I don't what happened so we just
like got in a fight we just like don't
see eye to eye on certain things so yeah
I don't really want to talk about on
camera but that's just an escalating
over the past couple weeks we gotta like
we had to try and something sick one day
em guys I didn't go to sleep but I'm
we're going to just try and do
everything we can to get it get them
back yes good so then I woke up early to
try to decipher this situation and fix
it because I'm a fixer and I was trying
to fix these things almost crashed the
drone I'm trying to do both here I want
but guys I got up early to talk Anthony
out of leaving just watch I have insects
now yeah there's no reason for use on
your
I still understand like what happened I
said about fixing situation I was more
about which would turn around for a
while especially correct fix this is
like a lot of times communication is why
these things happen so you guys should
sit down and talk alone when's your play
not properly can UN just like figure it
out and convert LAX remember like all
those have been best friends over like
10 years left for you to not wanna work
is through or you can't chance an
article when you get it like together
we're going to figure out like yeah this
opinions a clean clear there just did
some like space from each other or
something
these sequestration a lot of the kind of
nearly fuck you yeah I mean of course
like we just like see where this goes I
guess well well come on I need some
clothes this a little bit
don't thank you excuse to think about it
sucks watch like one of your best
friends go I'm gonna like handle this
situation and face it and have everyone
communicate off-camera like what's going
on between them is no one else's
business really except theirs and I
understand the situation and no one is
at fault
they just you things are complicated
I'm Jake Walters just no team team
tenors just know that I'm trying to I'm
trying to fix the situation but I'm
going to stay positive about it it's
just I don't think I want to really talk
funny
so guys I'm still gonna you know try to
fix this situation and it sucks and I'm
kind of affected by it but sometimes the
only thing that you could do is let time
heal like time heals a lot of situations
and you can't you know do well on the
negative things in life so I wanted to
try and stay positive
keep on moving forward and bring up the
energy in the house because everything
was kind of like mellow
whoa so what does that take fathers I'm
being positive let's be positive when
life goes like this you gotta go like
this that's some deep stuff right there
Jake I know thank you
but good morning Jake ballers I haven't
said it yet I hope you're working hard I
hope you're smiling I hope you dab it on
them haters and if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul this is a team ten house and
it's lit every single day bro let's do
that thing yeah sure yes yeah I'm gonna
cheer you up for in Ephrata Martina
swings
I got ghost pepper popcorn I'm down now
who are you tell Matt it's American
popcorn but this stuff's like insanely
spicy and hot early the whole house like
is going to reek if I stop this the end
of spirit okay cool okay so I've heard
that if you pop this in your house like
everyone starts crying just about
holiday
Martinez Martinez okay it's starting to
pop we're not crying yet
I can never saw so oh yeah it's strong
right yeah Shiro I want to like try it
but I don't want to die we'll put it in
this and be like ionic and climatic and
popcorn of American seasoning oh oh oh
wash your hands wash your hands don't
touch our American popcorn American
popcorn American paws what are you from
America no you need to try it
the Thailand trust it's an attic and pop
one smells good yellow ones have more
butter out of it gets better
yeah only one good yeah that's my boy
good that's hot oh gee American Bob
going okay how many did you eat
oh sorry Martinez oh you don't like
America not wrong bacon no you can't
swear like that it's not good to swear
so then guys out of poop in nowhere the
cops came like what
excuse me sir I'm looking for a Jay Paul
yeah hold it
what's up I'm signal hi Jacob my musical
Mountain station answer to questions why
I had a lot of complaints from the
neighbors about cyber quickly so you
having complaints from the neighbors
yes handle complain to my neighbors
about all sorts of things just are going
to peds violence we need you come down
the station answer the question so I'm
being detained yes
yeah we should go so you pleased about
that yes this protocol and you put your
hands behind your head i mistake united
stations with blessing okay don't get
protocol er you can believe that
can you call me call my common protocol
yeah call us every get your hands on
your back though you don't to be ok
honestly not okay here stay here okay
that's it I can't do that do anything
wrong but everything to worry about man
just don't read it he's on his way
Scott stay right here you know they can
do they can do that bro no we'll be down
there soon yeah watch that I get got
this coming i watch Lincoln watch yet
always yeah I didn't know if the next
two more days 48 hours the code always
plug 50% off in the merch you can get
this even when we're arrested we always
plug didn't know but seriously you'll be
fine
it was another oh nice daddy let me now
no this is crazy right this is nuts
always have to login
well comer know yeah
what yo that was that go is that Joe is
that Curtis are you counting yeah
yo that was Curtis that was attorneys
from Jegs that dress Lee Curtis I saw in
his in his mom's video they were talking
about getting him back yo we have to
revenge Frank yo get the counters to
scrub this stuff looking at that stuff
you can stop silly string yeah let's go
if that's Curtis if that's Curtis this
car that we smashed the windshield has
got to be around here somewhere find the
car let's go another cars right here on
the court I yeah that's it yo yes now
don't lock the door y'all right now come
on open up all right you want open up
string of chittim boys oh you want to
get up get a game looking in the back
all right no sausage gets tiring of what
yeah ray you gotta be arrested
I don't your blog come on Remy hola
guess these blog every week don't hold
it carefully okay I'm up
yo-yo I really need the game another
break what's going on right now where's
Jake you guys got any room with some
teams n-no you cleaned up all right oh
yeah oh god I am a fool you must eat and
you mess with us we're good citizen all
right we hope clean
we're cleaning up the trash in Hollywood
there's the first thing yo team we out
we're out that's right yeah what I'm
talking about Tim Tim please no you
don't mess with team campaigns totally
mess with us man
I literally didn't even know I was
getting pranked until like 10 minutes
into the situation guys what the heck is
not about something as well you do that
yeah that's why you don't wait oh no no
whoa bro come here yo right right what
happened geez it was Curtis I know we
got it we got his car with a boy we
title and maybe watch my brother's music
video
oh no no not Logan horrible nah I'm back
make it official take the vlog ding
follows I'm back ok honey 1 anyone and
then Jake parlours it was time to
confront the ratchet because we don't
want we ratchet any more than who wants
ratchet so we had to get the ratchets
out there's where I hang out in the rest
you guys need to clean dude I'm telling
the ratchet
well it broke
please go get this place give this place
cleaned up huh yeah
you see through it you see all right dad
I don't know we've been doing violet use
are going up doesn't have nothing to do
is do cleaning your room you gotta clean
your room still you gotta be a human
mighty nice come here wait tom has only
one marking at 20 meters one is Martina
and two is Martinez all this trash and
there's a trash can
well there's nothing in the trash can oh
it's so bad right now you guys are the
worst roommate ever what do you mean it
looks the same look organized yeah my
opinion and there's more walking space
we got a place oh yeah yeah last take
all the clothes throw it that way and
set it back up oh oh my god you guys are
the worst
frat bros ever oh for Papa - y'all are
ratchet Spanish Ohio I'll look for hours
Oh y'all me Jesus well go ladies
I want to spend a night at a team set
out have to face but look at it we're
running low squeeze in the last and then
guys I wanted to talk to Anthony again
and I check in on them Anthony for
watching this bro I love you need to
come back to Los Angeles I've been
through these situations before take
some time off think about it bro roll
the clip
no the clip yo has a ha gay bro just
landed a couple hours ago what do you
guys have to do um you know the usual
bro you need to come back it's just like
what's a chance nice time to talk more
dude but three bros like out here taking
over Hollywood together my man we got to
do this like whatever communication you
guys need to have I know it's a weird
situation but
then I do them I miss you guys already I
check my figures about alabanza
I didn't give you a conference at all
yeah we want you back so I'm going to
keep on talking to him
think about it come on man we got this
like came ten Ohio there's a lot of good
things tell me anyway
so oh come on in and then guys I was
kind of just chilling and I was really
missing Tessa and so I confronted her
because I missed you yeah there's the
new girls you got a haircut notice oh ah
ah like the next 20 seconds ah ah holy
that was another one too Simon you
enjoyed it are you mad at me or what no
no no you're not
you know so Jake Pollard's today has
been an amazing day guys and I challenge
you to keep on working hard keep on
smiling keep on dabbing on them haters
and then let me finish the rest of this
intro downstairs because I got something
else for you guys whoa
so I'm going to finish I'll show here
guys don't forget I'm doing an iPhone
giveaway I'm going to be doing one like
every week guys this week's the iPhone
giveaway all you have to do is hit the
subscribe button and follow me on
instagram at jake paul and don't forget
guys for the next 48 hours the
merchandise that we are selling is 15%
off we're probably never going to do
promos like this so this is kind of like
your one chance to get 15% off all you
have to do is use the promo code always
plug and get yourself some new merch
baby and Jake Pollard's I will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday Bob who's
Jake Pollard's what's pop and check out
this new March
oh that marches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited-time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
