what's up guys I don't don't I go hold
on one second just wait for this sick
intro give me one second come on I take
baller as the coolest interrogates I
could think of if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul this is a team townhouse it's
lit every single day bro make sure
you're smiling make sure you're working
hard make sure your Davin on the haters
today is going to be a very different I
told you it's lit every single day bro
about the ride that's away you some no
future music water oh my friends are
good they my family good to Ally
Hollywood doing what I should do
everything I dreamed I be getting used
to wear my ring all I getting goodness
boys be working natal day with nobody in
it snow chances is just and right now
we're with the squadron and guys my dad
is driving run away the Holmes Avenue
Elementary School you're probably
thinking what chick I'm like yeah that's
what we're doing today we want to visit
a bunch of team 10 fans in school
hopefully make their day better but
first we're going to police station
because they're gonna please escort us
there how cool is that
I heard the police were going because
they want to make sure you're not
messing stuff up while we're driving
there you know that is probably true but
it can also just be because we're dope I
don't know we don't transition child hi
thank you Anna and perfect we beginning
weighs like 30 we are gotta freeze in my
circle we I got belief in my circle we
up now what do you say when people ask
you what team ten is one number of team
nine ah baby guess when I go down and
they come back like oh my god
Thank You sitar me down any wanna know
if we could turn up
oh we're good he saw me on the spot a
fine name that we thought up you blow it
up we've been busy just going now just
got to the police station we're going to
meet some of them I think and then
they're gonna escort us to the school
but guys everyone guys we're at a police
station act natural yet we're not doing
anything just a couple of kids with a
camera and a dream no Mike you know
littering that's all I'm saying
Martinez whoa no Marty doesn't go this
is what I'm saying act natural Alysse
yeah everyone shut up everyone shut up
of the port your ass I'm not hiding a
China you know I'm sorry I'm sorry
shut up with their hands behind your
back oh oh it's a drum I do it John very
nice he's really strong take don't you
guys know usually when when I see you
guys are run but now we're just on the
same team we're partners for the record
I've seen you run and honestly I could
beat you
those are cameras these are camera you
blog well we sort of vlog
ah you take a selfie yo that's yeah I
wanted your number anyways do you think
that Oh a prom pose glad we got prom
pose dad good amount of time could you
please tase one of the Martinez - of
course I can we all you get Emilio
mark always immunity of knowledge the
family I've been learning we have a long
way man look at their reading pages this
is great just we but me we're at a
police station this isn't good put it
down away well no okay okay
you go back to space honest 12
China where we launched our police
helicopter from and maybe even riding up
ah sorry I'm sorry you seriously you
gotta stop my dad's pissed but I think
we might go on a police helicopter oh
these are cool
sometimes moat sometimes these police
are cool Newton Police Division LAPD I
love you guys damn no GG do it dude you
get to dude we get it from heavy no he
be in every good I don't even know
there's so much going on I'm sorry Jake
problems were all over the place
get him bro I didn't mean to do that
I'm not a low gangster I swear yeah Chad
said he loves the low gang this is what
happened we always searched them okay is
there anything on you that that I should
be over dad dad on a you he can't
separate your feet will neatly how many
subscribers do you have ten I'm at 250
on YouTube why you got arrested not
enough you want to pick a guy all the
cop cars yeah baby
no that's lit yeah let's go squat roll
out yo Nick you're from the UK you don't
have your license on you
no you don't have a cop without it no
I'm putting it in my cup no it's how are
you driving right now
you think just cause we're with cops you
could drive on our side the law just
using it so boss we're going in the cop
car so we're ready hey I'm usually in
the backseat yeah well you're there
let's roll out oh this is Leigh
there's a whole assembly and we're going
to walk in and say what's up dude you
guys are awesome so we have the whole
squad we're at the school running it
like a game this is that team time boo
boo no that's the hot entrance if I've
ever seen one
I know there's the role in like we're
really cool you have to walk in and like
slow motion or something right let's do
it let's do it that was fun right
oh it was so cool
now it's time to surprise some students
this is your first time in a school yeah
we want to learn English now yeah we'll
hide behind the curtains ya have to be
quiet because that's going to be some
max about five minutes why would you do
that
guys guys get back if we're quiet he'll
take us to see the police helicopter go
back so we're gonna start off the
meeting kind of thing you know you told
us about this and we'll work it out
right now with the kids and you want to
talk to you about what you're watching
on TV and then we'll open the curtain
sounds good
they're just watching a lot of
explosions mainly Thank You principal
Gonzales here I kicked out of my last
school and now I'm just getting welcome
that's how life works kind of crazy I'm
dead get in the back they don't want to
see you wanna see chance and Anthony and
Erica and the Martinez twins I'm just
kidding mom your star I like your March
to Lincoln vial no test is a star to
look at oh you know cute she is
guys I don't know if this is a bad time
to say this but we're doing a discount
on our merch for 72 hours
hi what's up guys I don't I don't I
what's up would we need a drink
empowered any diffusion Paul does that
say good things about me I heard them
talking about me did you guys say always
clog 15% off I'm in here to be able to
get the chance to be mr. Jay Paul and
all the team members happy bring it in
bring it in go for Lily
ah hi you gotta set your vlog game up
mom they're not taking pics with you
sorry it's okay you're working your help
there's a biggie favorite my there is
still Erica you need assistance to
someone apart
hey we still got a blog we gotta up that
watch time and make more money from Adam
Degas man
I love this school well you guys say to
Erica erica grew by P parson about my
music oh yeah we have to get out yes I
good at it okay you really am i real
yeah are you real yeah it's me I'm here
right here
you wanna August are you in the pot oh
right here who's your favorite team
members probably been little been you
know then what what no no no it has to
be Anthony she's a champion yes my girl
all right what do you say we get a
thumbnail come now all right cool cool
cool oh you guys want to play a trivia
game we're going to give you guys March
if you guys get the questions right
first question what city our chance
Anthony that's the state what city what
city Cleveland yeah
yeah he gave it away gave it away what a
nice guy what am i what is Nick Crompton
afraid of most he's got to say it was
that high she's good
he got tomb who's the mom of the group
what is a dog named that we're here
let's go let's go
they want the March at 15% off online
though so you guys can get it to promo
code always plug I'm plugging what do
you say
everyone gets phone cases
I'm still here
they believe
hi Jake Pollard's we just left that
school it was so much fun meeting all
the J polish there but now we are going
to fly in some helicopters such a fun
day
did you ask in epic op here's the back
of the team ten bus I never thought this
day would come on and everything help me
cap it you get teased with the dart and
that way the person is still not
cooperating or resisting you then you
can you could do what's called contact
shot and that's where you put the Taser
on the actual oh but that we did get an
additional five second person Nick all
right Nick I'm here with Jay Paul doing
in our Thanks Thank You Misha have
access ooh ooh
helicopters I like it is good no
everybody good - all I get is good knows
everybody good Joe now who's gonna stop
me tell me who's gonna be making more
money than your whole Papa for my heart
between he wasn't change people it when
you run and when he jump the wall they
get you with this that big old spotlight
bro and then you get you get arrested
like fruit has a little bro it's lit
pilot Tony I don't think these ones have
guns I said that he doesn't know he just
wanted to shoot some things because it's
like GTA yo I think it is actually GTA
he'll watch me type in the sheet code
come here I'm a spawn one of these
helicopters like GTA Saha
I got the chick code right here ready
folks boom oh boy I want grass bro I got
that G code online if you just gotta
look it up a google it yeah I just might
be mine that's yours
hi guys let me go fly it I - II like its
drive always loves to flag look at the
flag
wrong we're so absolutely grateful you
guys have no idea how how much you touch
the lives of those kids I mean it was
clear you guys thought into faces it's
all amazing for the Austin Police
Department to have this support for such
an amazing amazing popular group of
individuals ask them so much you know
that's my boy I'm a very very very
bottom of my heart thank you very much
guys
thank you King 10-month you know there's
always something seriously you love them
they're like my new best friend ticket I
got you buddy if I get a ticket you got
me all right I get a lot I'm getting a
Lamborghini too and so my need that guy
I'm gonna need them a lot okay I don't
think you should be really nice to those
officers make good friends uh-huh 20
minutes later yo what's up bro I got a
book in front of your face oh it's it
damn you look good though I got a
package savage so AJ just FaceTime you
guys and he has a black eye
I'm not a little girl Johnny Jake ever
decides broke me like he doesn't real so
hope look at you yes he does cuz he did
mine
what is life come to when your parents
are arguing about who has more
subscribers you need to stop our
generation is over when Ali Lopez oh
yeah oh yeah it's not even a prank but
oh yeah even a pro gun we're friends
dude well isn't so much fun the Jay
ballers haven't even seen your bus
before yo they haven't seen the cool but
yo yo yo yo yo what what's happening I'm
in a bus right now grab my head ah is
that long I mean Kong
that's claw yeah I'm longer as well as
you know this my brother's bus it's the
cool bus I named that he filled it with
10,000 balls and goes a hundred songs oh
my gosh that's a thumbnail and a title
you can even make two videos out of this
well we're gonna have fun on his vlogs
so check that out hey quick least in
part a moment of silence did you just
tell the Jake toddlers to check up
oh really I know how expensive these
balls are and I'm just trying to get him
his profit back we're literally driving
all right guys I see it a little bit oh
oh
today has been so awesome and I'm
vlogging up yes guys what if I come to
this is absolutely insane one more thing
before I leave guys don't forget that
for the next 72 hours if you use the
promo code always plug you get 50% off
of the March always plug baby and Jake
parlors today was so much fun visiting
fans hanging out with the family and we
will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bro please Jake polish what's
poppin check out this new March
oh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
poof
