- okay me on the side of the head I
don't know if I can see right now Canton
Anthony forgot to go to an audition
are you throwing that next time of no
dishes you'll remember okay Oh
ah Oh what happening you guys are late
to an audition this morning so do you
know that one lit they're just internal
like that oh snap you didn't even go
look for God
yeah that's where Hollywood you at
Hollywood on the roof no we had to get
with our today chance and I were talking
about it oh really
we're either gonna watch Jace you know
you can be a good point if you go
survive you're gonna get some hits on or
work straight up does not your eye a
favorite flying boy just to be on the
ground so guys if you don't know before
we start today I'm fighting a
professional MMA fighter today who is
also undefeated at the UFC headquarters
that's what they think is going to
happen anything I'm going to get knocked
out the thing I'm going to look like
that that's all what happened to them
that's why they can run Abilio I said
but I guess I watch I'm actually really
really nervous for this good morning
Jake ballers I hope you're smiling I
hope sure you're working hard
I hope sure your work I hope you're
working hard make sure you're dabbing on
them haters and if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul this is a team ten house and
it is every single day
Mama's you know what I'm doing today no
I'm going now I'm a quite a professional
MMA fighter no you're not yeah yeah no
you're not
yeah that's all I'm gonna do okay good
serious what are you really doing numb
I'm fighting a professional a fighter
why would you be so stupid that's not
stupid
what if your face gets all messed up it
all is messed up see worse what did you
lose your teeth then maybe document for
how's Jenna off of you
but I've always wanted to do this it's
like my bucket looks like you have to
fight a UFC fighter one day you know no
I don't know you come and watch and
support me you know well the only reason
I will so when that if somebody has to
call nine-one-one really quick it's me
at least you're supportive okay thanks
mom you're welcome it's gonna be really
bad if I get knocked out in front of my
mom I need to warm up and you warm up
right yeah
come on fight you want to fight well
you want to fight I've been waiting
people's gonna bite so I wanna fight so
yeah
hey you should imagine father wheat
barley wheat and Raunak Kaul but in the
course victory in the left side is
ringing backup is this attack beep I
don't know who's gonna win it by money's
on Jake Paul oh you feel so I was gonna
warm up Jake Paul yeah I think I'm ready
yo this is by far the stupidest thing
you're in your life yeah yeah I mean I
support thank you but there's no like
I'm honestly I'm nervous like actually
I'm trained for this hey oh no no I mean
I go to the gym I list but I haven't
started that that training yet do you
thinking what I'm thinking
no no no idea what you're thinking when
we need to change yeah
oh we should train three I should train
right now right yeah might as well the
fights in like three hours five hours
Wow yeah literally four hours yeah we
have to Train bro
Thank You money
good
last night what does this have to do
with train you for a fight
oh I just kind of do my laundry folded
thank you
you ready yeah you know that looks like
someone's fun I need that for my fight I
need to wear that for my flight
I'll only be invincible Ola hold on back
baby shake call this one is dropping
guys so you're probably wondering I go
I'm the real Jake why are you this
stupid like why are you fighting a
professional MMA fighter and Jake Paulus
let me tell you something number one
it's on my bucket list like I've always
wanted to see like what it would be like
to fight someone that is that good
number two is I love to push myself
outside of my comfort zone like right
now I'm not comfortable at all I don't
want to fight this guy who would want to
fight that guy but when you put yourself
outside of your comfort zone usually
great things happen ninety percent of
the time now with this situation great
things might not happen but you still
could get into the habit of pushing
yourself outside of your comfort zone
and I challenge you guys on video today
basis push yourself outside of your
comfort zone when you live in a box and
you're comfortable nothing great
happened the example I use is I could
have like stayed in Ohio and just like
went to school got a nine-to-five job
and be comfortable but instead I took a
risk and had the hustle and move out to
Los Angeles at 17 years old and so
that's just an example of how you can
like push yourself outside of your
comfort zone I have a DD sorry I guess
there's only one thing left to do and
it's to fight in there's no one's gonna
be like you got it yeah yeah yeah all
right cool I got this
alright guys so we just got here
it's really starting to get real am i
nervous don't be no no I'm ready for it
yeah I'll Tiger Pete where's you he's
scared I guess yeah look at you cake
coming in deep though I got the squad
with me you know I'm almost wondering if
I shouldn't have brought as many people
in case I lose it was gonna be more oh
yeah yeah ah terrible Minh yeah you're
right yeah yeah they're here they're is
holding back Phil I got call me back
Jake I'm done Jacob I'm almost by time
we got this Jim here I'm starting to
really regret bringing my mom that's
right dumb right wait wait
in fact the Chichibu days boy well I've
wrestled bro I can do this I think you
can do it
I need your support team ten oh yeah
he's bonding with my dad hey next time
go log within that a go Vlad wait huh yo
you're gonna die Oh your boys better
hold me back you don't want no I'm not
holding nothing left you don't got a
hold of my back she's gonna be crying
when she sees hey you take that back all
you have to do is look at this vlog
camera compared to this one that ended
let's do the fight baby what's your name
my name is AJ AGA's arm
how tall are you i'm 5-8 165 pounds
what's your area of expertise in
fighting I'm a black belt in Brazilian
jiu-jitsu a collegiate wrestler and
all-around badass how many years of
experience to a fighter practically my
entire life I've been fighting see your
beast on occasion Louie things can
happen during the fight I don't think
that anyone should underestimate Jake he
comes from the state of Ohio which is
the best wrestling but he doesn't know
jiu-jitsu and he's never had an MMA
fight
so I don't give him a fighting chance
you'll be taking a knockout and first
time no knockout ah we'll see we'll see
how it goes
but I hope Jake brings it because he's
gonna have his hands full all right
sounds good one time of question for you
um it was very important so what is your
favorite flavor of pop Texas state your
name Jake Paul how tall are you 6 foot 6
6 1 on a on a good day 199 good before
the donuts yeah all right
what's your fighting expertise I'm
really good at Twitter fight Twitter
fingers yeah know that yeah ok yeah
social media what do you thinks gonna
happen during this fight well mm-hmm you
know I think I think AJ is a really good
fighter I think we're going to have a
fight
I am me a lot of use this is a really
good title and thumbnail probably gonna
bleed so that'll be a regular on now
hundred thousand followers subscribers
where they don't call at least applause
is a big place for you how long have you
been fighting is my first fight do you
like blueberry pop-tarts absolutely not
can I have a donut yeah sweet do you
think we'll make it past the first round
I don't know I hope so do you want them
to lose No what's his name
cake who's the fighter hey Jay you're
gonna just tell him if he loses no but I
will call neighbor wanted to ask help
I'd be pretty embarrassed my son loss
might be embarrassing but I love him
anyway
I'm not going to Tommy no I think which
relationship with Jake he's my son
so did you train him well we were kind
of don't think together I'll know
fighting experience here's what he
doesn't know I'm gonna tell Jake that
Ajay took his dog it's going to change
bite game oh I don't even know if it's
to do that Jake's an animal which cake
flavor done
every gun every time what do you think's
going to win this fight who's fighting
Jake Paul Richards agent all that was
that a question I mean I don't know who
agent is so I don't even think that was
a question I got Jake what's his
experience terminal hot we all wrestle
together it's all unique with the
champion wrestle you know like the key
yeah hey we were all champions what are
your opinions of blueberry Pop Oh fine
hello mate Oh what chap do you think is
going to win this fight I feel like I'm
the only one not seeing sense here and
not this is the dumbest thing you think
it'll get too rowdy don't just yeah
Jake's probably going to die from the
first second or third round only the
first like ten seconds what do you think
about this whole situation
what please fit it what do you think
about what we're doing what do you think
about Jake fighting cuddly links those
books are working great so you alright
thank you for your time hey Chad you
have to be back yeah what do you thinks
gonna happen
um Jake can I kick his ass shouting I
would take this people rounds round one
I'm gonna go with swinging I mean have
you seen him he lived here Jake Todd I'm
gonna be honest with you I'm not putting
out there buddy all right thank you
Chucky what do you thinks gonna happen
sing em away you're gonna win what are
you winning fine you've been there like
three bucks of that yeah but like I'm
really good at fighting he show some
moves LG chillin
are you feeling how you feeling I'm
ready to be the warm-up baby started
kicking oh I spell out how ready okay
don't do that again please
oh I hit my arm on that thing don't do
that
on you
you got it you got it are you ready are
you ready yes I
you got a good
come on come on my lady if you like
we're going yep yep feels like
yeah yeah you got this this is great
come on boy
what no no water till water
Tony run it's a strong point both you
guys that the dollar is going to the dot
can grab a doughnut triathlon the end of
it they're done without you yeah well
I'm gonna choke oh yes
how'd I look oh great oh great okay yay
thanks dad I guess this guy
Murch Lincoln Bob who is he strong
hi Tyler
I think you fellows thank you
where did you put my hand disgrace what
happened
your dad called me up before he got you
guys what the hell that one stars echo
oh yeah I was happy it was done
you got this day
there was the donut goodness thing he
got me an i/o honestly I thought oh he's
part of rage and you're just gonna knock
you out with that big boy
seriously Oh getting me on the side of
the head I don't know if I can see right
now and I'll have my head oh how do I
look to heat it it was violent it looked
like I sucked no I won't let your hold
your own push the official decision
supply the original decision winner by
submission armbar awesome job monster
legend hey first fight ever ever I was
undefeated before the first fight ever
so the rule is first loss I won now we
have to stick together
okay polish that was an experience of a
lifetime
I'm okay my head hurts a little bit it's
so tiring like and fun and you couldn't
stand up I know oh yeah you had to take
me to the ground I'm good at fighting
I'm good at box a me like through yeah
I think he looked really strong yeah
yeah like he look ever driven but it was
like three minutes yeah no he at me I
lost beside my head is really hurt but
Jake polish oh so much fun guys thank
you for coming
whoa you're sly man she's got balls hey
Jake brawler's got balls
that's all I'm saying we're savages fam
guys don't forget about the merch in the
bio it's always hot we got new items
coming soon we will see you tomorrow
because yes every day bro please I'm
gonna watch my head Jake Pollard's
what's up and check out this new March
whoo that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
peace
