my boy Chad doesn't got this at all I
hate you day you got a cat you got it
right you got it bro yeah I don't know
if I want to do this good morning
this is Savage very good morning
Martinez full-sizes
okay so I mess up the laptop that's fine
today how are you your hairs wet you
shower already
yeah whoa good morning shake solid I
hope you're having a great day I hope
you're smiling it's early here I hope
you're dabbing on them haters and I hope
you guys are working hard if you're new
here I'm Jake Paul this is the team 10
Houston it's lit everyday bra so let's
do that
whoa quick workout because we're small
grow and now we're about to do business
meetings because we do business bro you
guys gonna do some business
those are some adult business stuff man
that was a good meeting maybe yeah we do
business bro hey guys we all have yeah
Compton shirts on look at this look at
how cool is right all right shut your
shirt off put your shirt on
I know you have abs but what absurd us
let's go hump knee which I saw you
submerge bro back that ass are linked in
description right now
always why does this work watch oh no
it's work Oh yo why should my gosh stop
Portman I want to tattoo of me on you
I would do it honestly do you see No
yeah well your is it whatever I won't
want to chat all day yeah it's real talk
I'll be on right now I would get Jake's
face tattooed on me and I would get
Nick's face but as of right now that's
it Eduardo you can pull your ass around
right now okay I know we taught the
Martinez twins American like slang and
like catchphrases
I'd say it's more like talking yeah
we're gonna see if they are utilizing it
remember yo Martinez twins you know why
penis when you go to the store and buy a
bunch of
for me to get up my dear
so a couple weeks ago I make upset with
Chad and that is he cleaned the pool I
would fill it with foam blocks so we
could jump into it you know no no no
we're not doing foam any more ponies
average because you're in a big time so
right now we are about to go to the
store and get a random stuff and fill
the pool with as much random stuff as we
can
like I paint Saul's nose off saying
stops off things ray if you like you
will tell you in the altar sauce no but
we want to create our own like homemade
foam pit out of like pillows beach balls
foam things teddy bear mattresses yes
board matches on what else
I got it did you buy these easy to hear
what ha easy mom Rosie we're testing to
see if we can use these balls as a pump
try please touch your hair I really want
to touch it you'll hear five dollars
five dollars like it touch it yeah I'll
make sure I got five in five thanks ray
three six six dollars six dollars hit
alright oh yeah oh my god that's looking
good I got you I'll see dad yeah dad is
that you
taking a hug no like that unite father
what's up mr. Paul yes hi I don't know
you guys you don't but I really like
that I feel bad for you guys we got a
hundred and like fifty inflatables to
put in the pool and we got to get more
stuff oh my gosh
these are flowers for me huh okay chili
pepper I love you you guys dig ballers
yeah you know what your vlog here take
the vlog take it take it down it's heavy
now look in there and say good morning
Jake baller such a big moment morning
Jake ballers that's my boy you hear my
dad is in town for a little bit
trying to meet new girls no instead you
all see a picture of them at least no
that's okay thank you
what you're my dad yeah Wow one study
show that there's a 30% chance that he's
cheating on you
yeah hey hey hey you better watch him
exactly No okay see here that condom
condom Jake Paul the relationship expert
did you see the shopping no no no I was
in the car and - is there a school
that's a Power Move right that's a good
idea no we didn't steal it
Oh killer psyche 30 minutes and this
I'll be good
Oh baby
okay guys after like an hour so I'm
blowing we finish the foam pit thing it
doesn't look bad right this is a bad
idea not quite the only it's gonna work
no no this is the worst thing anyone
jumps over here under stairs really
gonna practice jump I'll go first yeah
yeah okay jump here we go here we go it
works all right just right there jump
right there dog
Oh kind of litter right it works
Max and I want to interview you come
here how do you think how do you think
the foampit work I mean I like that foam
pit how old are ya
someone's got to go for my bathroom are
you skateboarding in skateboard in bro
I'm good a lot of ticket Martinez yeah
Martinez which one of you wants the view
but it's someone jumping from up there
but I'm going to try and convince Chad
one morning will be a little money
color-wise $10 yeah in the ground I just
ran up to that heart Oh
this foam bits up there oh I did dad you
love me yeah I do you made fun of us you
said we can't play with the toys I'm
McDonald's yeah they never got to play
in that is it about hanging up for now
do you regulate I don't know her story
back in show you trying to go from the
bathroom oh my god it's right there row
yeah buried on concrete so far there's
organ if we're gonna back out you gotta
go off off the bathroom I'll give you
$10 $10 in attack and two tags boop-boop
that's laid out the message maxilla does
it ask to all convinced Chad do it okay
we would have really needed a good
thumbnail it's a river of the mercy
right we got yes Martinez or Chad
there's one we're down as you might any
other line I'm gonna jump from Howie
yeah that is a good time now yeah this
is Matt hi
no dump or be gone Tranmere you go jump
over you yeah love you guys all three of
you just stand there he's gonna jump
come on Chad you can go ahead it doesn't
even look that big on camera it looks
really big my boy Chad doesn't got this
at all
I hate you dick you gotta tell you got
it right you got it bro yeah I don't
know if I want to do that you want to
talk with my brother yeah you come up
here I mean I job judges he jumped off
the roof oh my god okay what do we got
here
honey you hit okay okay he's alive
okay leave that well my foot laid around
the ground oh my god he's crazy
who's next you got a dad I'll talk about
your vlogs you talk about my vlogs don't
do it oh you talk about my vlogs first
now there's the next day oh yeah how's
work
yeah you know what's going to happen I'm
going to jump in them and fails you
won't put me in and I'll be like wait
what happened I can leave jumped off the
roof I should have jumped off the roof
there's not that much higher rose the
clip
you know the best part about this is is
now the Martinez students don't have to
sleep on the floor
yeah we all made it your thing and
shopping cart going in Chad that's sick
right I like the paint job - oh wait
step in and out into everyday bro oh
yeah just a couple of dudes with YouTube
channel doing it big one alligator you
can't tell me that no again Matt's
tattoos the dumbest thing you've ever
done
what are you guys were the tooth is
little retailers it still goes are you
talking smack let's just pull up on oh
yeah you don't want right dumb dumb dumb
dumb dumb college so dope it's what I
like in real life we were just people
what do you think about these are cute
ones that's the best thing ever I'm
thinking about getting one just like it
Oh sack get one here yeah get it drag it
it look good yeah I don't mean if I
don't like like you're like can I get
home keep the way it is man looks good
yeah yeah Chad's awesome and dad know
why you and mom got divorced we didn't
want to go into that you want to go into
the drama room the drama wheel
our great head alright guys so I had a
problem and when there's a problem you
need a solution so the problem was I
have this March right Jake Paul March
that's my signature really dope
sweatshirt like what matches that like
what shoes match that and so I said to
myself I want to get a dope pair of
shoes that matches my sweatshirt but I
couldn't think of any so I was like yo
look at these white easy look at these
white easy let's tie dye then that makes
sense right
it's gonna look good I think let's tie
dye some Easy's we got a bucket we got
white Easy's okay yep nope nope nope
there's friends right yeah yeah oh this
is gonna look amazing a horrible oops
pool oh gosh lit oh look at the inside
it's like all leaking in that's dope
though I want to leave that white yeah
yeah yeah before and after that's fun
though guys I think they're done so Jay
Palmer's we solved the problem now I got
Yeezys to match the J Palmer it's happy
people are gonna think that the uses are
fake bro you take Paul no one's gonna
think those are fake if I were to wear
maybe him 100% makes it okay does it
doesn't you're going following bro oh
yeah you're going fast
yeah so Jake Paulus today has been such
an amazing day oh god oh god
oh my god and as always guys make sure
you're smiling make sure you dab it on
them haters make sure you're working
hard make sure you like and subscribe
always flow and as always we will see
you tomorrow because it's everyday bro
goodness Jake Pollard's wet stop and
check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on a daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
peace
