come on let's do it I'm gonna strap up
huh
hey Dad yo what's up you want to bond
today I love the bun let's do it Oh with
you yeah yeah I'd love to
I thought you met with yeah Heidi Mel
with the Mad Ants but no I love you with
you let's mine let's do it yeah doing it
okay what prank 80 bucks I did know what
a body
okay so since since you guys do the Navy
SEAL training yesterday the military
flip over your beds awake epsilon C
there with chance we're bonding
wake up to bonding or binding yeah good
morning and good morning chase haulers
today is a great day
I'm really tired from Special Forces
training that we did yesterday my dad
and I are going to bond on this fine
Sunday and do some adult things if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul is the
scene 10 house and it is lit every
single day and drink follows as always
make sure you're smiling
make sure you dab it on the haters and
make sure you're working hard let's do
that bang
ah what a great way to bond dad for sure
look at this view this is us bonding
right now we're bonding look at this yes
look at us bond uh-huh and that driving
is bonding too cuz yeah what we riding
down the mountain I'm totally trusting
you and I'm going to tell you there's a
lot of people know who the pinna curve
and screaming and freaking out no I was
going to speed limit oh yeah I know I'm
talking about two people on the bikes
I've gotten away that's a baby
yeah look at that view
oh you don't on the way out oh my god
bond Wow I love you dad later bro a
little bit on for five hours I'm pretty
sure you're standing in the same spot
doing the same exact thing can we get a
replay on earlier yeah good morning
you just haven't moved or what no you
know what the child is doing how you
feel to the training course yesterday
I'm dead ah you saw me and then you jump
in my own little world hi mom what are
you doing
thanks to you how are you gonna take me
for a lot of lunch yeah McDonald's good
Oh No
see results may vary any health or
medical issues are not alcohol one of
these loves and merch come - I don't
know yesin crazy okay sorry
yeah no but seriously though yeah why
are you here in LA right your house yeah
you're always with Logan you didn't
switched up Blagh Blagh mom I get more
views so you should be on you should be
in my vlogs what do you want me to do
sleep in your bed with your dad and you
I got upset as oh are you trying to hit
on my mom no no I'm just trying to say
let me know how it goes is a plan from
high schools happening we want to talk
about it that's for another time if
Logan watches this you know what we're
talking about bro no don't merge guys
like Lincoln bio baby oh don't Lincoln
bio we just dropped them oh yeah usually
there's nothing easy yeah beautiful um
no I'm over here because it's Logan's
uptown hmm
Mogens out of town what are you thinking
UK Logan's out of town yeah how long
okay
a whole day are you thinking what I'm
thinking Tony what are you thinking oh I
was thinking we prank him or something
thinking thinking again
haha we steal his poppy no you are
Anthony named Kong we should steal my
brother's dog let's do it let's feel mom
you're gonna help us I'm gonna be so
much trouble
bless of you did you brush your teeth
this morning on a mission right now to
go steal calm baby I love you to fuck me
right now we're gonna have to try and
break in we got the whole squad in here
my dad's on the back of this truck the
whip game is strong it's like we're
basically in the military and after my
training yesterday I'm gonna know how to
break into Logan's apartment Logan if
you're watching this
screw him I'm gonna take your dog baby
that doggies cute he's okay you know
well we go steal him we all do what's
right okay guys so you're not a lot of
filming here do it anyways we snuck past
security my mom knows where his
apartment is I'm gonna have to use my
special forces training to break open
the door you bring your idea so she goes
right here I heard it
oh yeah oh yeah they're gonna bring me
Oh chance when you're filming try not
stop the light you like them my channel
is not at five million they told me at
one I'll take that security oh oh oh
but you want to get a better owner you
want to get stolen if you do yes you do
we're gonna steal up oh you're so cute
yeah come on come on come with me yes
yeah hahaha I got your dog so again it's
buh da same bad does he just copy
everything you do titles thumbnails
ideas and now you got the same bed oh my
gosh Paul beat him copy him true conquer
what's up with that photo though oh my
god what is that oh my god it's the
actual size Logan's rule is no shoes on
the carpet no yeah that's what I heard
oh okay give me my blog take your high
taking the black camera all right
this is change bro oh I thought you
always have to poop I proved four times
today
even again in Logan's bathroom give me
over five and Logan I'll try oh cool
thanks bro
what are you doing mom even the jump
water you give the dog water from a
water bottle how la is this dog I don't
even drink out of a water bottle
sorry love it
that was the funny game song because me
why let's go in the game
oh let's do it everyone strap up go go
go
you're gone are you ready to have a new
home are you more excited yes Jake I
like to chase Boulder sorry Logan free
dog free dog you want to fight you want
to lose you oh no don't get a prize if
you're real dad is your real bad Kong I
need you as I did your mind the truth is
that Anthony actually named Kong and
Logan did it so this is his real dad
that's your home bud anyone want a free
Pomeranian big one yeah he Jerris Kong
welcome to the team ten how yeah welcome
home your new family you like that you
like that better don't you
he gets so much more attention here he's
locked up yeah where's Logan he went out
of town your owner does love you how you
helped you you know there's a reason why
I need you you want a treat boy I'll
call you want some March gonna get some
Jake Palmer chocolate yeah get in your
bony finger Jake Paula are you doing
that make my grandbaby some Jake polymer
you're making Kong some custom J Palmer
well this is actually gonna be the first
of many piece of merchandise for all the
other animals out there that are Jake
Pollard's that's not true at all oh oh
you like that better don't you do you do
can you say you can buy you somebody go
hi
oh that's good yeah look he's limping
doesn't like it you better like it we
should sign them in pen right yeah Oh
someone get a contract oh god I was
quick make it official okay it has to be
consensual though I'm hereby agree to
everything on the tape
you swear to god you agreed everything
was paper as a father of the dog I agree
all right let's consider let's get
welcome to team 10 Kong now that your
team 10 member you have to sleep in the
ratchet room and I'm gonna wake you up
wake up wake up mom thank you for
inspiring this idea and letting us take
Kong it was not mad yeah the bus no I
feel like he's just our dog now well
you've got the merge he's on team ten
yeah I think we just have to rename him
what about Wang Wang Wang instead of
Chong long you guys it should be
opposite of savage but Wang is average
long is average see if the Instagram
account is available if the Instagram
account as bridge is available yeah no
their new name Wang is average look at
how good-looking this dog is and look
how good-looking this kit is they will
donate what's up guys we're just
chilling baby well how long is email do
we think that's cool yeah a lot of email
yeah yeah that's fine okay so everyone
go on Instagram and follow Wang is
average literally take callers however
many views that's how many people should
be following this Instagram account
let's see if we can get that account
more followers than it has actual
account me a my real dad hashtag Wang is
average leave this first post it's okay
bro it looks beautiful
he already knows how to take good
pictures already has three followers
you tell me about my best friend the
ball hard person to love me Julie and
about boy am I wrong so since you joined
team ten we're throwing you a party yeah
we made you food good job buddy wake up
I know you're just average but please
wake up
guys guys meet four new teams head
number yo Sam Erik's gonna meet the new
team this ten member his name is Wang so
get a quality tavern yeah that's wrong
yeah that's good English yeah well look
at your big dad your fake dad you want
to go for a walk go for a walk you oh
yeah yeah
Savage is attention time oh why oh yeah
where's on video oh my god oh my god
Wang is that you
I can't really come down don'tjump buddy
no behind you go behind you from all
right so we're at face time Logan and
reveal tool that we have is dodge can
you see me I can't see you well I can't
see your face but look I'm going to save
them Oh
oh my god oh we're same you know all
right Milo you will you'll finish this
oh man I think exactly pit right yeah no
he's mad
yeah my brothers texted my mom and says
WTF mom why'd you bring Jake Wong I'm
going to kill you it was your idea so
you guys want to play football
yeah oh come come in alright alright P 1
we take ballers today was lit as always
make sure you smile and make sure you're
working hard
make sure you dab it on them haters make
sure you buy our merch cos Lamborghinis
don't pay for themselves and I will see
you tomorrow because Jake Pollard's what
pop and check out this new March ooh
that marches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake fall
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
