we're exhausted we made it I can't feel
my feet you can't is he I'm good
I've never hiked this far in my life we
were 5,000 feet up the four miles across
from the airfield
wake up habit marking it up you like
Tony Frawley Martinez what the crew do
my god do you know what time it is right
now you take your scissors it's like
6:00 a.m. right now
that's really mean it's like a Saturday
morning but today guys I'm going through
a Navy SEAL training course which is
about to be insane to chance and I are
getting into character I will see your
lazy sector no no it's nothing ops to go
in 120 rows the GPS says we're gonna be
one minute late it's just a minute no
slow down
Oh with your one minute late to a Navy
SEAL training camp it's not like school
they just shoot you one devil
you know the worst part about this is
what I'll be doing like setups and this
is gonna fall down and even then is that
John dad to sergeant have you ever even
shot a gun yes sergeant
have you ever shot at someone no
sergeant
oh yeah we got here oh my gosh we're
finally ready hello
we're late is he gonna shoot me you're
gonna sue me now get down I don't trust
me I get down every good we're five
minutes late I'm sorry look clear okay
we're good we're in camo Dez no they
can't even see you I'm an Army veteran I
went through airborne and Ranger
training we're out here today to work
with Jake Paul yes dear if you give them
an idea of what a good team is all about
what the Army Ranger program is all
about we're going to smoke them a little
bit and then we're going to take them on
some pretty long land navigation course
so guys Mikhail Bennett over here I'm
also Army Ranger generous I could be in
the 2006 best Ranger competition we're
going to be doing some some survival
training work them until they're either
crying or sweating and after that what
we're gonna do is gonna go ahead and
continue the workout so basically we're
gonna die so guys you are done right we
are basically out in the middle of
nowhere and today I want to be doing
some Special Forces Ranger training we
have two army veterans here they're
gonna try and break us down they're
gonna throw us out into the woods and
let us try and find out where we're
gonna go I'm wearing camo so hopefully
it's gonna go okay
I don't know guys said it was gonna be
really hard and Jake polished good
morning I hope you're doing well I hope
you're smiling I hope you're not gonna
cry I hope that on cry right now let's
do some military crazy stuff hard work
out demoralizing crazy mother flipping
things boom
young no that was lit BAM how do I look
no you look Dan the light is to listen
to look crazy the whole time I was
wandering out you a jig Paula I am now
that's my boy that's my footprint boy
that looks like a little girl be honest
I mean I don't think I did bad you
didn't do bad you can do great Robert
Martinez private ball do you need to
live more guys we're living in the
middle of nowhere yeah no phones works
that's just the first part of our day we
got a lot more stuff to go
I wish the Martinez syndicated oh my god
would be like what the heck is this a
mechanic doing with like insulin all
right I want to play soccer my boy is
not playing around and I think we could
take him I thought those guys have to
it's real he felt as my Israel you know
McHale I was just running
oh my god oh my god okay don't test them
this is not okay Jake pause I know
they're not playing games around here
I'm just like white kid from Los Angeles
please don't hurt me
so someone like duct tapes us up and
kidnaps us we can get out of it yeah so
if they duct tape you throwing block if
that happens to me a lot so now you know
I got out of the truck so frigerator to
tape up Matt and Jake we're gonna give a
few minutes if they can get out of it
and then Mikhail is going to come on
screen and show us the proper technique
for getting out duct tape you ready yeah
oh oh oh my hands nice that's a lot I
feel like he gave me more than him what
the heck what you guys go ahead and get
out of this no Jake Pollard's I didn't
expect him to get out of it so I I
clicked then on the recording but he
broke through and he's free I did tied
up a lot so it's fine so what are we got
going on Jake you're gonna be in charge
by the line charge oh you're going to
find an airfield abandoned airfield
you're going to lead the team to go find
the damn an airfield up there so where
are we
we're down here where we have to go all
the way and really severe children ah
how far is that this is like how long
will that take us it's going to take us
two hours and I'm a jarton you're in
charge
are we gonna make it by Sun Sun the
first trip I'm gonna kill yes theory
guys the good news is I got my sleeping
bag all right snakes that's another
household off shopping we got a ha ha
we're going this way
come on boys prisoners this way we're
going that way come on boys yeah buddy
how is your house you got blood all over
you look like you peed did you pee
yourself I was I was going on one pitch
themselves are you having a fun time or
now I'm having an okay time
and I want to blame you three and
there's another one of you sons of guns
so I get a text message per usual how my
videos happen hey bro you want to go
into the woods and go through harmony
things military training yeah so Jake
always said that he wanted to be a baby
seal and he's pretty jacked dude so I
can all think I can believe it and so we
decided to connect with these dudes who
are just ripped out of their minds well
trained and they said they'd kick our
ass today so Darren is the first one to
go now i Jake polish if I die you can
blame it on your theory but uh let's go
let's all right I'm actually going to
try and figure out this how to do this
I'm just gonna make he'd be up there 20
minutes later yeah okay boys yeah
somewhere over there
we're gonna go to the butt crack of the
mountain yeah that seems better one
alley right here oh god I am tired real
water or wash where's Taco Bell keys
Alec detail oh yeah you got judge girl
you good rough right yeah Roger recon we
got a 44 Niner
that looks like rest oh my god only a
couple couple of hours to go a few
inches later cuz baby you're a firework
come on let your colors burst make em go
ah ah several bad puns later you know
what they say okay guys let me compass
when there's a fork in the road you go
with the spoon all right let's go two
hours later so we're looking for an
airfield well to me this looks like air
and that looks like a field yeah it's
definitely on air that Lisa cos are we
there not it oh oh oh my god ladies and
gentlemen there's a snake right here I
think we're going the right way
oh it's gone now hi oh there you go I
read this book and you're supposed to
watch out for the snakes Oh probably
should leave now one utility atm
well it doesn't look like there's a
trail but uh oh it's that way where's
our sandwich Lena that the old narrator
got tired of waiting and they had to
hire a new what hmm guys guys who stay
here yep my spidey senses says we're
about couple feet away
congratulations boys thank you whoa we
found the real boss leave this airfield
so much air and field let's celebrate
whoo Jake polish for real though guys it
was such a long hike there's like two
and a half hours horrible exhausted this
special force of stuff that a joke and
we had to actually find the map we found
this abandoned like farm thingy - let's
keep on doing this guys later all right
guys we're exhausted we made it I can't
feel my feet you can't is he I'm good
I've never hiked this far in my life we
were 5,000 feet up the four miles across
from the airfield oh my god they're
right here right there huh how you guys
doing it's tough like I work out every
day I sent a lot of crazy stuff and that
this is hard but not over yet the last
phase of today's training is going to be
all about in hand combat takedowns with
knives pistols it is very important
because so we're trying to give you as a
flavor the military mind and okay
mindset look whatever obviously you're
not going to look like that but it's
going to be a quick movement if you made
the decision of trying to take the gun
away then you have to commit to it you
can't half-ass and just like oh oh oh
and you're going to get shot you're
going to do it you do it as you're
coming here the footwork is very
important moving your body out of the
way and then you're just using your
whole body to jam them down it as he
comes down going to go down go down go
down go down he comes here I I hold on
to his hand here I'm also hold on to his
gun and then there's different things we
can do here we want to take the gun away
i Jake follow so if you call us to be in
the streets of the gun yo I heard you a
limo candy all right that was in the
technique dolly the practices I take
home say gosh
Vox was that you Doug he's just getting
his gun out hold on Oh
real-life scenario yo dawg
where'd you get that bird huh look in
the description
hey hey guys congratulations
yeah you guys have to go one more day
right here's it coming right oh no no no
see the thing is is I upload every day
like every day it's like thing like it's
it's every day right so like about that
wasn't my saying I could probably come I
gotta upload this but you guys are going
another day and if you guys want to see
that all that video and more exclusive
footage you can go to their channel at
yesterday I will put that link in the
description guys I was actually like
extremely hard for all these things ever
done and I guys I challenge you to push
yourself to the limits every day and
just keep going a bit working well which
is yeah you probably and I thank you
guys so much hold I didn't do too bad
now you guys are great you gotta grow
yeah go for broke on Def Con no we
should go to broke oh yeah oh good
alright hi guys yeah well I'll see you
tomorrow
because it's everyday bro wait by that
much uppers Jake Pollard's what stop and
check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake wall
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 trick see you
guys tomorrow
peace
