you said your dream the car was a Hummer
h1 do you remember that uh-huh back at
it again good morning Jay Paulus
this is called the two wheel challenge
okay okay listen up listen up I saw a
video online it looked like this
and I got so inspired you know me guys
if I see something I got to do it or do
it better that's how we about to do it
better baby good morning once again
are you ready cage ready look at that oh
he's ready they say we're a lot of
things smart is not one of them guys do
not try this at home so the goal is you
guys see this ramp here we go at it go
up drive on two wheels and yeah here we
go
we hide that up so much for that bail
we're about to do it again then we're
gonna fix it
oh sorry we were going and then it was
like that closes a fire to my face oh
good morning Jake Pallas and welcome to
the most lit YouTube channel on YouTube
that's a fact if you're new here my name
is Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's and this is the team ten house
hey that is the squad team ten guys
welcome to our family welcome to today's
journey put your blog belts on and get
ready for the roller-coaster ride we
have to flip this back over Erica I've
been seen you do them squats honey why
are being Tona the only ones not seeing
this Meier I don't see it either hey
guys I feel like my life has taken me on
a quest to do like the most employment
in the world like for example yesterday
any pepper sprayed in the face
I think I'm having allergic reaction
like who does that my lip is like still
swollen guys that was one of the
gnarliest things I've ever done in my
life I don't know where my life is
taking me but it's lit and so his
neighbor Jake Faber Jake guys oh we come
down to the cul-de-sac he has this chair
and he's driving it down this giant hill
bro what are you doing like I'm saying
guys some people are just meant to do
fun stuff oh my god my boys a bitch it's
so windy here in California it's Sunday
Funday
I'm about to buy my friend a brand new
car I don't know what car yet but his
dream car whatever it is I'm gonna get
it for him I'll explain in a second yo
favor Jake has a pet pig what are you me
I'm a huge hot desert tortoise like this
big you have a turtle you have a giant
turtle huge turtle no neighbor Jake is
my new best friend it's crazy because
our neighbors like you used to hate us
it's literally a favor spell like crazy
he's leading us through some back alley
way no oh my god I love him still
confused as to what just happened on
neighbor Jake you're a savage bro but
guys um yo yo yo guys it is time let me
explain a little bit you guys know our
mana boom he like helps us build
everything helps us paint everything he
built with my bed things oh wow so he's
about to build my whole entire room in
my apartment they've literally been like
living here for the past month just
building painting non-stop every single
day
and the stuff they're building is
absolutely amazing like there are so
talented guys and so one to give back to
Armani and the a-team with what I love
the most cars so basically what's
happening guys is that Armani is
downstairs kind of just hanging out we
need to figure out like what his dream
car is like I want to buy him his dream
car now cuz like you could give him
something you think his dope and he's
like I don't like it kind of like do you
not like it but we love your money so we
got to figure out what his favorite cars
yeah this might work but it might nope
illicit I'm just gonna knock that one
out for nothing gotta fry our drives
never looking forward to from the new
magnet
it was the lamp on your back like you
just have the beaner almost nice what's
your dream clock that's such a loaded
question about you know like a Ferrari
had 12 TD athlete Bugatti straight up
might sound crazy but like I've been
looking for like a specific like Hummer
h1 bike is where like the 18 so I just
want to highlight for the crew like just
like a beast ass heavy doe I'm like you
know I mean that's be like a
military-style yeah I totally got the
two right like the actual millage I want
like an old-school one I only buy
Hummer h1 once Angela well there's no no
Armani bro this is expensive that's it
hard Tilly 12 minutes away bro this is
what life's about guys being spontaneous
Sunday Funday
yo yo exotic your old cars I'm gonna go
talk to I'm freaking out guys like ah
I'm a 5 both of you a car one day whew
don't worry and you too Nathan but yay
one at a time
20 minutes late Dale got there talking
to the guys Armani's Hummer
they pulled it around it's right there
guys I'm not gonna show you yeah we have
to finish the paperwork I'll be right
back
about 45 minutes later ha ha yeah boy
got the keys yo check this thing out
it's like literally is the perfect
vehicle it's time to surprise our module
now
woke up with a cold my greatest fears
trying to get an old and never living
life to the fullest here's to a better
life bite the bullet it's a better night
than last week i'ma get it right don't
ask me why I
so weird now I've been facing fears now
what's happening no what happened no is
it really broken darn Astarte why does
every damn car I buy for my friends go
get it get it well this is weird
this thing is dope is it really broken
or you joking no it stalled out I almost
got t-boned by a naughty coming through
the intersection no gasps we made it no
calabasas vibes so the plan is get the
Hummer back to the team 10th house walk
in super announcer lightly and be like
yo Armani you know how you said your
dream car is a Hummer h1 tossing the
keys hopefully cries it gets emotional
you know better for the viewers then we
all live happily ever after
okay everybody know it stalled that's
good enough that's a good spot when you
car no no no it breaks down to what are
you
actually it's like a true like the
latter kambou
I need to talk to Armani first thing
good you Dell will go back you know how
you said your dream the car was a Hummer
h1 do you remember that uh-huh
is it like I'm part of the crew now so I
get pranked is that like is that I
bought you a Hummer h1 no that's right
outside no way bro this is come on stop
no you're running I'm not kidding y'all
are helping us build stuff in the house
and it's like it's honestly the least I
can do I'm not joking look are you going
on right now
are you guys I've been looking
everywhere for like dope Hummers I
better just seen one like this
anytime Jake buys the car for somebody
doesn't start well lose another Sunday
Funday guys copy stuff some of the
hottest boy to the game fans Ratko
backslash jake paul and i will see you
guys tomorrow because it's every day bro
join the everyday bro movement people
and count yourself some of the hottest
urged in the gang go right now because
the shake collars sell everything out
and subscribe button join the most lit
youtube channel on YouTube I'll see
y'all tomorrow I had a fire I couldn't
see how how what happened but now I'm
seeing it I think it's we yeah we
flipped it I'm so glad you guys made it
out alive
okay is he friendly oh yeah
