whoa what you doin
where's also multi-with good morning J
koalas today is going to be popular
Oh what we're doing today I don't know
what about me so much fun we're here
with the Dudesons I'm really here
alright let me out okay okay take
ballers we have race cars a race track
we're gonna be doing some racing of
contests Wow are you ready I'm so ready
it is the best wake-up call ever yes
come on in Jake brothers let's get this
thing popping through the side in this
in case we die something like that okay
oh that's fine once a week I sign my
life away sorry mom can't do them so how
fast do these go 120 miles an hour 2.5
seconds from 0 to 60 these are the beast
of a machine I'm Daniel Wow but my hair
have to stay on my head so I truffle dry
because it was like all over the place
and fashion comes first you know fact
this is LA so I'm about to drive this
for the first time and the main thing
that's concerning me is that the
steering wheel isn't attached right now
so from room is one of those sales
driving cars is this a Tesla place
Greece oh yeah lady
yo-ho was a book bro
it was a lot of fun how long ago again
how long ago bad
I like a sign let me go fast I want to
go
oh you're good bro that wasn't it I'm a
little too old for this I got it ready
deal win the racer yeah
you're going down Finland you think so I
don't really know to be honest we're
really close
what are we gonna do it we're gonna race
right now oh yeah all right so let me
explain the race so we have to do two
laps and three doughnuts over here and
then get out of the car and do ten air
humps get back in the car and do your
finishing lap no I'm really good in
there fastest time wins I'm gonna air
faster wonder wondering what my fastest
time wins the loser has to get a 120
mile per hour wedgie dude my fucking
take see you're hard weird way out here
but a lot of questions suspect a lot of
questions let's race
this race is about a start think Jake's
gonna win I don't want him to do it well
that's how I feel I think you get is
probably taking I think Jake's gonna win
he's a good driver but like I really
wanted to little baby oh here's this car
baby here we go
Oh
oh here's the Stradivarius you take bit
we King this very wise very wise very
overcomes the drift Hey
the first ones a little rough you can
raise all of us on it
straight shot boys no dude you gotta go
in slow beauty this is not the Jake Paul
I think we know but I think you might
catch an L right now another whoo ooh
another Y time did he go stag now
Madonna
okay good don't oh
persona very wise okay oh oh no he ate
the cone no stay calm
take all going down let's go here comes
arrow complete when he's guarding sir
come on you bitch
oh he said Oh get it
devout you're not we're boys you can die
come on Ricky Bobby
the last the hump game might have
brought him back he died last laughing
that last lap he saved it hard now easy
to do dammit he didn't needed that juice
finish I don't know the official time to
2115 okay well honestly we all picked
him to win but we wanted you to win
after that I think you can win yeah
welcome back riders was a college to
2115 I got so much better on the third
lap I you get your turn
alright if you're going down you're
going down yeah
not terrible start let's go boy you know
after that start now you don't know I
don't know now those bad as it stars you
could have he's coming around for the
humps guys the donuts and the humps
you're going out you're going out the
dirt the dirt
no I'm time pop-ups can you hump
oh my god he's going always I didn't
even go down oh my god hey those are
gonna get out the way you know what bro
I always don't uh sit dr. song his dog
game was so shocked did you help them in
that's not fair
145 145 oh god I think is gonna win
you've got you oh man hey Jonah and
Hough time were just phenomenal crash
crash oh there we go oh no no no no lot
can happen is working second stick I'm
sorry Jake ballers he doesn't win them
all
what's the time you one bro 14 seconds
split whoa like hard when you're
actually against someone's racing the
rest screwing it up there it's higher
standing by
thank you thing better than Martinez
though yeah way better 120 miles per
hour Reggie okay here we go so now
they're attaching a rope to my boxers
he's gonna go full speed and give me a
wedgie with this rope tied to my
underwear like this is really darling I
thought you're just gonna yank me
backwards oh yeah there we go
gonna make a proper knot now nice undies
too by the way they're grandpas Thanks
I think I'm just gonna go find Jake Paul
this it's everyday bro like that I
haven't waiting to do this for years no
hopefully don't just be like it when you
pull a tablecloth out from under the
table and I like greatest a very quick
have you ever said that's what I'm
hoping here we go yo oh my god here we
go ah
I won't let you go here yeah
oh that looks so painful
oh good know how was I was doing that I
didn't feel a sense well look what the
cat dragged in Oh smells like
strawberries 20 minutes later alright
guys I'm still recovering check this out
for one second if you want to see the
rest of that madness going on you can go
to the Dudesons logging up with the link
in the description guys it's lit we're
just getting started with this morning
baby whoa everything's cooler in Reverse
baby let me show you is maybe so how you
do that oh there baby
Oh J so how you do that there only Peter
Piper Peter Pan ooh baby yeah baby oh
he's gone he's out two hours later Wow I
gotta sit down and look what we found
oh oh oh you gotta get your face on a
pillow grow on me enjoy now got a
description always plug it wait do the
face oh oh what's always knit rocking
here there you know was that for long
alright now go get a cookie
so then what we call to you what what's
up Dan how are you good morning good
good guy you doing great how are you how
you doing good doing great it's lit
today yeah Anthony team team team team
Ohio squad most middle club in West
Fargo really our Midwest where else
might see how many people we can dunk on
oh like this and just jam in their face
not just groups we have to go crazy Alan
you're the dunker I'm the hookbait or
you'll bring them I'll bring them to the
hoop and you're the a looper Midwest on
three one two three skip to the Midwest
you put on the hoop I black and blue are
covered now we can't don't get anyone
else or can we y'all to do the shot for
my blog I'm seeing if everyone can do it
i chen she has to go like this
cover your eyes make it every time yo
what's up guys I'm here with Justin and
I you want yes
yoky get this okay yeah I'm gonna be
like here so what's up guys today I'm
going to meet when we go
so I was chilling inside and then I walk
outside everyone's out here is basically
a party because of this my boy Chad dead
what what are you doing dude can you
explain Rattrap drop in you're gonna
drop in yeah I kinda want to put catch
it down there Jack you understand that
this isn't really a drop-in it's like
it's like you're just gonna fall
straight down yeah I mean without the
past great I don't want to see someone
die today are you got a Chad
I think oh no I want it filled it do it
great West what Oh
oh my god are you okay Jed yeah yeah oh
you want to do it off no one prompts
them to do these things like you would
break my toes oh not you all break your
toe bro yeah Jake the vlogger and the
doctor oh you're playing catch with the
rat trap I'm done with that game okay
okay guys so there's a situation that's
going down right now
right it's urgent hmm and nobody messes
with us oh wow I got sent this video
which I'm about to play for you guys we
gonna have one team over there another
team over there I want you to throw
maximum eggs as you can right don't fall
the time if you ain't for good you're
gonna have all the stuff from here but
watch out because it can suck us from
here so you just come back up on the
side you got it yeah so Curtis and his
crew has a leg up baby
so we got a and we're gonna get them
before they get egg up
so boys boys just warm scrapple day and
girls oh yeah hey are and this is
non-organic if we don't care about all
not even organic eggs them they're about
to be here I don't know when like 20
minutes I was added we ready so we're
gonna get in positions and when they
come up to egg us I don't know how
they're gonna do it it just really
doesn't matter we're gonna destroy them
turn assemble
okay so all of team 10 is in position we
got people on the roofs
we got Tristan in the trash can over
here ray is in a tree somewhere we've
been waiting for a little bit now I
think Curtis is going to come any second
I'm gonna confront him first
and then we all planned out a code word
for them to pop out and then we're gonna
ambush him healer has no idea I think
he's gonna be shocked I even am coming
out of this van and then after the code
word happens I'm gonna run back in here
grab my eggs and start attacking two now
it's just a waiting
oh yeah yeah he's in this blue car it's
in that car
he's oh screaming something stops we go
Curtis oh hey Jake Paul himself what are
you guys doing you're not the only
blogger in town Jake Paul you want to
explain yourself it's a prank war buddy
it's a pink ward yeah roughly close
Curtis it's also a kissing prank what
what are those eggs well thing is
running bro you know what this is what
is it this is done this is what you get
you want message beep - run we won the
war is over
we won stay out real Jake Paul got our
ass you come to my house Curtis I'm
telling you this is the type of stuff
that might happen
you brought your dad with you you
brought your dad yo that's peep we're
actually bleeding yeah a little bit it's
not really intended I really made sense
man yeah we should go yeah
I will cool man yeah cool yeah if you
are Jake paws want to see the whole
video it's on my challenge okay yeah
well okay that's a plus I mean we broke
his windshield so we might as well get
him something you broke it didn't you go
inside you have my back
yeah you go inside Billy hi Ron you know
I don't know it was I think it was one
of your guys one of my guys milk you
gotta treat me give a treat everything
we treat all right bye guys
good luck with your car I can't live Oh
not perfectly I feel really bad oh no
bro don't have this one
ah-choo oh yeah shatter the windshield
of an m4 it's like it's $90,000 car but
they shattered it if you think about
yeah they asked for they rolled up yeah
well what's next oh no you're not gonna
believe I listen to what's going on
right now guys basically you know how we
always get into these arguments on who's
a better kisser
last time Anthony won I won the first
time so now you still talking smack I
know we had to have a rematch but then
my dad if I was in it you guys would all
lose no no I got the wisdom card right
now my dad is like yo I'm a better
kisser than you I have more experience
bro yeah well there's no other person
like you like like straight years ago 80
years 100 years man got 75 years of
experience I don't think you understand
man like just because you're my dad
doesn't mean that Oh - if I had a girl
here my age I could show you she'd be
like smashing you guys I think those two
tiny would come back every time one of
these stupid argument starts it ends the
same way
the way it always ends did you guys go
we'll look solve it but all using the
same rule and then that happened so are
we gonna do this again okay I mean I'm
down this is why it's going to be this
like part we don't we don't have a girl
chance no right what are you looking at
me for
we have that not that there's only one
way to settle this we have to catch the
same girl so my picking the girl is my
linh have a friend here Olivia I got out
tag she's down if I just give her a pop
I have somebody over 35 no he's talking
smack it should be over 35 yeah come on
dad please you know I have my hair
Alyssa we'll go see if you down
good girl the girl might not want to I
mean you know that good-looking though
you're a ball you haven't blonde oh yeah
I'm staying shut look uh yeah hi hi are
you doing what's up video yeah we wait
wait how do we put this bear with me
here an argument broke out almost a few
of these men today
good-looking gentleman mainly raised
good-looking yeah right there looking Oh
anyway they came to conclusion that
there is only one way to sell this
argument back to a collective what the
argument was about
so you kiss each other this is where you
have problems is that we thought about
like giving them you know it doesn't
work like that because we're thinking
like if there is a female so basically
like we're asking you to kiss I'm sure
oh wow yeah usually it's a lot harder
than laughing it's rhythms issues and my
dad at me it's me Anthony
my dad I mean I was working lips it's
not like they run out after two guys bro
I mean she was a pup tag YouTube pop tag
yeah let's do that
bang alright Olivia was blindfolding you
and then we're all going to kiss you and
then you ask the guest you have to say 1
2 or 3 was the best ok make dad give me
right we have to figure out the order
let's figure out the order
hey you go second you go remember you
can't say anything we have the older
sister Olivia you have nothing to be
worried about I brush my teeth every
morning I don't know about Anthony okay
today on who's the best kisser three
fine contestants here all Ohio born and
raised in Maya always plug first
contestant we step on
okay contestant number one good job that
is it for contestant number one
contestant number two are you ready okay
he's ready contestant number two step on
up contestant number two great job last
but certainly not least contestant
number three step on up good job okay
that concludes our contest today Oh
who's the best kisser down to one last
thing the vote so I know it's five a
very tough decision those all great the
hard decisions oh wow okay no pun
intended
oh my gosh haha I'm gonna say the last
one number three was that
oh my gosh whoa I don't waste it crying
- crying okay Wow okay
we should hide just leave them windows
interview winners well this is my block
I'm gonna lose to anyone you wanted to
be here only my dad Wow
that's horse shit what was this little
night we're gonna do that to somebody
that's the challenge we all got to kiss
somebody with the spin to each other
equipment what oh no no no no no sorry
Joe is good I was an impressive display
that's experience right there and credit
where credit is due
be quick but don't hurry I don't even
know what that means but it's some
knowledge and I'ma get all up in your
face with that money
whoa so Jake polish today has been lit
make sure you guys are checking out the
new Mertz as always all of this I messed
up I messed up this is March though -
all you have to do is go to the bio and
guys if you buy the March you screenshot
it and you send it to me I'm gonna be
following all of you guys I'm gonna be
showing some of you guys out go and do
that cake polish it's been lit make sure
you're working hard make sure you're
smiling make sure you're dabbing on them
haters and we will see you tomorrow
because it's every day Oh
whose cake polish what's poppin check
out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
