oh it's good that you surprise it's just
that thank you one good morning kick
callers guys what is going on I hope you
have it I almost broke that I'm gonna
have it a great day today we flip and
killed it I'm going to narrate the whole
entire thing for you but before that I
want to make sure you're smiling you're
working hard and you're Devon on them
haters man then men all all I just said
that this morning everyone was asleep so
Justin and I were like yo let's vacuum
their faces off know what Papa Chak
colors I'm here with Justin everyone
else is asleep so we're gonna wake them
up by vacuuming their face
haha
ah I'm done done we don't have to shower
clean
ah I feel like the Martina strings don't
know what a vacuum is so they didn't
know what was happening but you guys are
just showing really it's just a vacuum
but I think they thought it was some
sort of alien device Wow now I had to go
to me about business stuff cuz I do
business
so you know the meeting went well
and then and then just just watch what's
going on nothing you do I know it's been
like a while no it hasn't
I do have a question for what's up you
tag your mom but you didn't take me on
the last vlog oh no way
yeah and my fans they lit up they're
like people ripping on me there I go you
know I didn't think you needed a tag oh
come on Rodi because you're already so
popular well yes that's true but the
fans right what's up with Jake they're
favoriting mom over for you I'm going to
do that yeah I'll take you right now
ready there you go nice yeah how's that
feel it feels good I didn't I mean I
haven't been tagged by yo let's do some
stuff today
let's do it alright I got big plans
nowhere I hear my car's beeping and
yelling and smoking and all of the stuff
is going on I lost my mind
yo yo Jake something jakers are yelling
yo no no are you kidding me bro
something's going on you what you guys
took his car do be stalled out a couple
times in minutes run over oh my god oh
no way to go Jake even with the register
you know what did you do I don't know
bro stance was driving here oh oh you
you guys took his car actually bro
actually you ruin dude are you serious
you went to the Panasonic politically in
or to get something dude dude we went to
the prop story get something below and
not ya know hold on before you freak out
yeah yeah oh my ha ha oh it's just a
prank
thank you ones were walking but I was
scared and I knew about it it looks so
good so good so good it was at a point
where I like was just so angry that I
had to walk away because I would have
punched you guys in the face yo its
prank wars oh come on dude ah this is
like my baby yeah
come on he'll pissed that you guys drove
it do you want to help us out to our
vlog again no tape ripping Buddhist
smoke bomb in my car
I was like on fire guys in my car's my
baby no woman's my baby so I had to get
them back you know how we do it Jake
Pollard's well guys you don't have to
get you back now stop Frank words though
you're always laying but you're always
behind on that takes you forever that
long life consumes you bro you're not
obligate I would say like two or three
days what do you like take this time to
think about it yeah please and your
smoke grenade and throw into the room
okay chanting Anthony back oh media
revenge you know they had the extra
smoke grenade that I spotted taste their
own medicine you put that doll teru in
their room I'll just go in there go with
others yeah Brian put it in there and
I'm going to throw it there balcony
doors open at me well it's good about
them though and then you hold if you
hold their door you come out come out
bigger let's do it also and you just
take this off and put on put on mine you
much that's my new March oh this little
back oh yeah but we can't have any of
that low gang merch take it off you
actually the first person to try on this
new sweatshirt oh oh oh
thinking BIOS on shameless plug I ain't
met look what book would look you want
that come off it there Falcon doors off
I have to make it there oh you'll do it
already
Anthony Frank where's man
what you do we can't across con us
against God's mind it's like really
listen won't go no way do you like my
throwback thousand or even more even
that throwbacks where it comes out on
fire hey help me predict and then Jake
crank me yeah why can't we be friends
why can't we Hispanic boy then fix our
boy man we're going on tour all nation
100 more baby boom you mess with me
you're getting messed with back so I was
doing my thang you know I was chilling
in Los Angeles do whenever being a Jake
pollen and then guys I drove to the new
house that we are trying to buy it's a
long process right now we're going
through all of it being an adult sucks
man but here's a little update okay so
we are at this house right now can't
afford anything is like risky adults and
stuff and act like we don't want it well
so you get a lower price you're a Kappa
we're not tossing this anywhere we can
put it on my blog but not Jake's it's
too late I've already posted about it
I'm a savage bro we're trying to buy
this house I'm excited bro but there's
like still so much to go through I'm
gonna keep you updated me man and all as
hard yo do you like the house I do
everything else to say always
everybody's all nice you can do
literally anything you want here imma
build a swing set and swing on it you're
still mad at
okay come on look through it yeah well
there's a lot okay we'd turn after the
house I had the ball on them haters if
you know what I mean baby I had to play
that basketball game today we got this
game I forgot you're not even that's all
you guys got it oh yeah we got it we'll
go right yeah they're not that's all bro
oh okay all right let's go home put your
shoe back on let's leave let's leave we
gotta go see you next week I'm you don't
hope they were good they're better than
us so Jake college I hope you enjoyed
today I enjoyed it it was fun yeah what
does chilling man thank you guys for
watching make sure you smash that
subscribe button guys check out the new
March the link is in the buy off
shameless plug you know how I'd do it
and Jake Paul this Oh see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bra piece Jake
Pollard's wet stop and check out this
new March
oh that Mercy's hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it
see you guys tomorrow poof
