like we're closer now yeah good so that
was a good game you won yeah so the
other day I get home from the airport
and chance and Anthony hold mainly
Anthony thought it would be funny to
throw water balloons at me so uh he's
sleeping right now and we're gonna get
some revenge also good morning Jake
Pollard's after this first oh my back
just get younger kids to do stuff for
you and then you just BAM Wow looks like
a bomb went off in here
ah so bro so skillfully bro oh you want
a wonderful daddy huh hit on Martinez
show how you do in Spain here's how you
get one to LA your sweatshirt ding
security search on this ball oh oh my
god damn is killing
oh this went wrong Cassidy oh I love
with a lot of balloons and good morning
Jake callers I hope you guys are killing
it I hope you're working hard I hope
you're smiling and I hope you're Devin
on them haters Sam it's you're new here
I'm Jay Paul this is a team 10th house
and it's lit every single day boy we got
a lot going on today so let's do that
thing
morning kids my penis get them why would
you pick the Martinez with robotic aloof
not 80 yeah they always play soccer
yeah Tesla okay people have been telling
me that you having driving issues it's a
green Kade communicate no more than more
than just an okay no but it's fine cuz
you got you you only in the driving for
what five six days yeah so I think yes
you taught by the best guys I want
advance order you already know how to
drive I'm gonna take you to the next
level all the way up that's the low I'm
gonna take you to take you that level
hello
are you excited I'm excited we're gonna
have to play really cool music and walk
out of the door in slow motion like with
the movie isms
Oh
that straight straight the way out
straighten the wheel Seany
straighten the wheel number four oh no
all right more more more power fries
more power Christ more shine the whale
spa right that's it we're done here are
your test results that's my note that in
case you want to learn from those yeah I
told you I smelt it you did I barely
okay
barely okay at best no no no no no logon
throw okay so chances like disappears
like this is the second time this has
happened whenever chance like starts to
talk to a girl gone sucked in I don't
know who he's talking to or where he is
no one even know I got the thing is like
we're just a side we had all of this
where his boy like I'm talking eyes
tells us everything and we don't even
know what he's doing right now I don't
know it's like 11 o'clock right now so
two things one when chance comes home
we're going to water balloon him it only
makes sense and the second thing there's
only two Ohioan so we have to call in
reinforcements like there we have to get
another one in the chemical balance is
off another one another one another ohio
and grows we can't be repaired to exact
you long so we have to call in one of
our other ohio and friends
yeah it's here yeah oh wow
we breed athletes right yeah Big E is
champions bro shell being is that like
low flashy kinda yeah what's good say
what's up to the Jake polish what's up
somos gang it was original States I'm
gonna kill you I'm average socks oh wow
oh let me get it no I mean you
absolutely do this panel opium bro i J
koalas llama make them apologize yeah
until then chances about to be home I'm
gonna make them apologize for saying
that so it's like Baltimore you don't
say those words like a nightclub you say
you're sorry to the je pars I apologize
so you love the Jake polish I love you
guys alright well guys this is Billy
he's from Ohio ah
he's our friend from Ohio and he's gonna
be with us for the next seven days or so
I always comment others news pictures
and his followers attack me in my DM so
like attack the Jake Paul is our strong
okay so the chemical balance of Ohio is
right again we got all of these water
balloons for one chance comes home from
this girl's house
where were you can I let you replace you
know I ripped my easy
oh no that's tragic problem of the day
that's tragic oh my god
I can I read my easy yeah alright that's
that wall out chance you're good we're
out we're just waiting for an
explanation you're getting food you
spend the night at food places usually
so is that your explanation okay then
you're granted access to the front door
oh yeah that he actually didn't even
mean to do the house that's the worst
part he got any time dinging bro hey we
missed you only gone for like a half
hour really yeah dang that's crazy it's
all like alright when you woke me up
this morning I don't know where you were
yeah oh no no I would say what were you
doing getting some food where'd you
sleep food place if the food's good
enough you should sleep there and only
slept me thirty minutes I slept for a
while contradictory no no I still did
the food place but I was only gone for
30 minutes I'm just already starting to
not add up ya know what's happened let's
go just go yeah we got you take Paula
Jake follows guys now it's time to go to
BAE's house let's go to base out whoa
hey that's a cool trick yeah did you
like that yeah I can do other stuff too
Amanda I can do like put yep we'll push
ups in alright let's see how many like
one or two all right one yeah yeah also
I take you on dates and like violent
flowers and though if you were to take
me on a date oh gee Teddy yeah I live in
here that's what my other yeah so if you
were to take me on a date where would we
go probably pick the answer Taco Bell
what's up
aha it was a joke hello we would go to
like a steakhouse we would go to a salad
bar good that's like a good lunch date
yeah yeah I'm funny right guys yeah I
like a guy I go Nick you uh yeah any
pointers you ever want to come to one of
our frat parties just hit me up I have
no idea what you're talking about
yeah we I can give you the initiation to
the frat as you want yes on her
Instagram okay a 16 million wow you
really are a frightening frat guy I mean
girl wait how is it afraid if I'm the
girl in a minute it's 2017 everything's
the same
Love Wins yeah Frappuccino this is dope
she really is bang I have um this new
trend new trend is happy on YouTube
wait no no so there's this challenge we
have to figure out what you're touching
no no I saw what you think it's what she
thinks
first off I heard you whisper to the
camera again nope nope basically I put
on a blindfold you guys place my hand
wherever give me oh that's that's that's
bad but it could also be who's that wah
I like this already
Oh someone film this I'm getting tied up
a bit oh that's a title and something
alright ready first item oh this is a
hair dryer who's my man I'm gonna text
my cell phone off you
our stylist mr. Kendall Wow wow that was
quick there's a Apple Mouse Wow oh this
is a oh the candle oh you smell that
yeah
Oh Amanda as I you it oh wait no that's
Anthony middle I actually kind of you're
not my house you just have to guess with
it okay Oh what is that oh my god I
don't like that
what is that it's Gucci what is that I
like that oh it feels like a mouse no I
got some ones but no trinitramine yeah
oh god this is falling off could we
retire
I mean this is Amanda I'm guessing no
fuck no oh sorry what can't see so I
don't know what I was Hey
no no no sorry the vlog is off anyways
I'll just pick some ISIL so next one oh
hey Amanda and now go oh well you won
the game
oh I think we're closer now yeah so that
was a good game you won yeah I was about
yeah whoa that mean bigger me I'm not
shaking here 15 million people wanted to
do that you have to tell them our foe oh
my god my god there's like a swedish
fish all those would bow yeah like yeah
we're gonna do we're gonna treasure that
moment for everything yeah yeah okay you
really works out yeah yeah that
experiences your best challenge ever
20 minutes later whoa we just finished
filming a sketch for Amanda it's gonna
be on her Instagram and my Instagram
this is Ohio right yeah this is what we
do in Ohio
I'll see you later cake club you know oh
oh you guys yes I'm ready Hollywood is
hopping right now let's capture some
vibes ma'am whoo my capture
don't know shots I'm a blogger wrote but
guys right now we're working on what
we've been working on something for you
guys for like the past four or five
months and it's finally coming to
exposing stages of it we're gonna be
done with it soon but I think you guys
are gonna love it so just stay tuned but
we're gonna keep on working on it right
now the grind is real bro I think you're
going to love this surprise we'll be
right back Jake Poehler today has been
absolutely incredible thank you all for
watching and guys the iPhone giveaway
winner is Denise Linares nice community
with that follow I'm a DM you girl thank
you so much for subscribing and turn on
my post notifications guys I'm going to
be doing a ton more giveaways coming so
stay tuned for those and if you want to
see more content from me on a day-to-day
basis make sure you follow my Instagram
Jake
Paul I'm going to be lowering some
people back liking some of your pictures
so go do that right now make sure you're
working hard make sure you love yourself
make sure you're smiling and make sure
davin oz and haters and Jake Paulus we
will see you tomorrow because Jake
Pollard's what's poppin check out this
new March whoo that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
