are you Jake Wallace no you're not a J
Palmer will help me until my vlogs who
are you on the phone with girl I'm
trying to get that number
hi i'm i'm jake paul and i'm single and
ready to mingle
what about you guys married mom oh
that's okay I like that better actually
I love you I love you she doesn't love
me
whoo I love your head can I touch your
head with that can I touch your head
yeah yeah really yeah it's so nice dude
you got a nice head keep on doing it
though
yeah we do fine through with a nice head
you got to touch it will you tell them
that I love them
I love you love you okay all right my
god I'm so social people just say I'm a
social butterfly you need help what are
you doing here I was going to get out
you need to get out of here you're not
allowing myself I was just wondering I'm
is awesome butterfly I don't care who
you are doors open feeling like suck you
know I'm just I'm not here to steal
butter for fun just on being a social
butterfly this morning and I want to
take the morning to you guys Jake
toddlers I hope you're killing it I hope
you're working hard I hope you're Deb
and I'm them haters make sure you smile
as always it's a beautiful day in Los
Angeles let's do that thing I got some
vibes for you let's capture some vibe Oh
yeah guys it feels so good to be home
back at the team Ken house you want to
just get in the vlog no Justin - close
tie your cheek well okay it's back up
Tristan bro we missed you I missed you I
just got home - you were gone welcome
back bro also look at Justin Bieber over
here we all are you Justin Bieber yes
kids these days embarrassing other
colors yeah you there's other talents
for you guys to work on I think blue
eyes yeah that's been the only talent
you probably don't have it yet you
better speak English for you yeah hey
hey did you miss me mm available she's
mad at me okay we'll work on it right
we'll work on it
okay Chad I miss you Rome if you love it
this is like okay what is this oh my god
oh my god this is an industrial-sized
rat trap it has about to take it I don't
know if you should this look at this
watch this watch on audiences ready oh
my god dad got it roaches he's not boo
honey you eat it's like you're gonna
smash your finger while setting it up
you got it Chad I don't want to be like
the accomplice to using anger yeah I put
this on the glass what ah
boki I kind of missed recording that but
don't tell Chad what okay okay well he
wants to do it again anyway that's why
we love them Jan you doing - yeah I'm
ready - you got it Jake forgot to record
we gotta okay yeah I'm good bro
a split every day at the team 10 house
told me that he's getting ice for his
hands
Oh oh my god hands okay they're like
black and blue so we just had to
distract him well he's like sticks his
hand in there to get the ice so it
doesn't see it Chad no your hands hurt
yeah really bad we should I sit
I took a got your bag oh I use it
anyways really good we're gonna throw
this Rattrap out my camera and see what
happens this is dumb how much is that
camera work like five grand
okay do you remember five twenty minutes
lay down how low can you go get a water
break already started to think of bottom
up Oh rain with that March on your hat
oh well uh
are you thinking what I'm thinking I'm
thinking what you're thinking for the
first time ever electrical electric
Limbo enough we'll get an electric dryer
will connect it to a car battery and
then we'll put it across like this and
we'll go underneath it if we get
electrocuted
we might gosh I know that's a challenge
on who wins who survives yeah let's do
it
and electrically but whoo yo my bad yo
what's up bro yo your dick fuck
oh he's not a dick smaller but we're
here at the store now now we got to find
out how to make an electric limbo wire
so that we can limbo under it and if we
hit it we get shocked in almost died
let's go battery wire and some message
oh yeah I'm actually buying that one
yeah so you can't have it
so fine you have that one little vine
excusing did you just put something in
your pocket no he didn't just steal
something you might empty now your party
please excuse me sir I work in out they
call it I saw it too how does the limbo
remember all right already
ray got stuck my dad no no mom no mom
you gave birth to me how could you
forget this Michigan Wow Wow
yeah yeah no you can't come this yes yes
and put the Applebaum yeah no I will
give you $5 you say hi I don't think no
one wants to limbo hi you're Jake caller
please report to are you in the dick
ball she is not a Jake caller but
everyone please like and subscribe
merged link in bio we have some hot new
marks raise up in it
I feel like they're coming for us right
now anyways I care to get like three of
them we can't videotape no I'm not
videotaping the camera makes you think I
don't we picking up our phones either
okay yes this is just for my mom I told
you not to stress bachelors in all yeah
yeah shopping here you getting softer
that's it got it nobody was taking a
signal phone guy yeah I mean you want to
he was flirting
it definitely was hi hey you're good at
it do you like this you put on yourself
you say it's everyday bro yes every day
broke hey that's my girl
it's a terrible idea you're not supposed
to do this yeah there we go look at it
burning it look at the bird
oh yeah put it on put it on Wow so now
it's live
Chad touch it and see if it's on yeah
just really fast don't like go quick -
you just actually feel it oh is it on
like a lot wow this is electric limbo we
got the stuff hooked up to my car
battery I thought shad was jumping over
in a skateboard
no with the limbo like I did electrical
in bow don't do it bro don't this is the
first round everyone goes through you
want to be in this oh yeah I'll see
Angela what are we doing you're a dancer
Yoshi can limbo really good this is a
lecture it's a register no no Zoe what
is wrong it's electric nothing yeah
collective here my boys are confusing
first round here we go over here we go
clean clean
ah some of you live stories if I could I
go sad
there are levels to this level to this
oh wow - ooh goddess yanna me left oh
whoa I really how many electrocuted yeah
this is dangerous
oh man look how loaded as we get lower
here I just want to show you what we're
working with
oh that's going through this cable just
know just know just casually know it's
just a car battery
whoo round three
here we go look how low it is what's
about like what do you say Jake leg
waist level oh man all right
oh wow ah you guys Chad your hat
whoa that's cheating
but again hey she's the new rule yeah
liquidoff oh my god it's close Wow yeah
that's gnarly
oh my chest so your heart oh yeah work
on your heart no come on we're not
low-key oh my oh well he's like
colonists willing to shave the face did
you shave you too
whoo also don't try this at home I got a
CI easy easy
I do a lot lower
yeah like six inches that's it I call it
the Shaq around jig do a reference how
low is it oh man oh man just get low get
low oh oh my god oh my gosh oh my gosh
hey co-op - shifu's on double thanks to
my frog wait
oh my god either way to check outside
we're going lowered right there yeah
hey rocky follows it a lot electricity
Oh put it ain't gonna win who do we have
money on and I Oh baby
so how you live Oh baby Oh Oh baby
we're your chinputs no no but like you
feel it yeah but you got it come on baby
someone remember baby
oh boy to myself oh that was Sidewinder
but oh nice too short doesn't come
looking
Oh Oh the cameraman
no one said all right you gotta Tessa
okay
maximum model Wow that's it can anyone
do this
just walk okay if the reference follows
it okay
I don't know around this is right so how
you do that dang diggy oh baby oh yeah
oh yeah so are you little baby did you
go first okay no wait what
no no oh I don't like Ali I don't really
get counted out now bro I did get low go
get the flow go
here lies jake paul here she stopped ow
yo in the neck road straight though
actually I think I blacked out I don't
remember a bit though honestly you guys
a ton about I'm gonna be honest who's us
that's our Justin and my Christian right
now - I've been dating
oh whoa whoa the ultimate lunch
whoa I implore is the program you ain't
gonna get there Oh
it all comes out of it and then there
were two is actually you know is that
she's done I good
this is he said are you gotta fight it's
me I know you're saying
Ameena you got it I don't know I don't
know why you're starting so far away
what not China back why why why are you
starting Bobby this is right you're too
close
why twice you for the shop ah I'm not
doing it again that is a lie you have no
choice you're fired you boy you still
alive yes their lives oh my god what do
I win you wanted that Jake ball March
come on calm down nobody okay pick it
off gross there's more all bizarre does
it die ah actually going in what
happened guys I don't even know you're
having a good day I'm having a great day
we're just kind of chilling how why you
take a moment your has arrived get away
from Tessa I literally haze on the truth
I'd like China I don't know we all just
started
he's Ohio fast so I was reaching no well
can you just tell them the bomb emerge
in the Bombers school and turn your
poster the cages on yeah yeah 1810
tattoos that is I don't know that's a
brooch on YouTube rocker I did you know
yeah that's funny so that doesn't brush
hair on eBay and 99 you can have all you
want it'll go higher maybe 20 yeah hold
on hold on update what happened to get
bad oh my god you did it for the vlog
I'm out here for the Jake bomber Sam
yeah this is this is cool oh oh don't
get why he got us love Jake Pawlenty
today has been a inaudible thank you
guys for watching and I don't forget
about the iPhone giveaway red one 32
gigabyte I'm announcing the winner
tomorrow she have 24 hours from now to
subscribe and turn on my post
notifications guys well I get a chance
to win your phone yeah yeah no no no I
take polish don't forget about this hot
merciless oh it started thinking mile
and Jake Paulus I will see you tomorrow
because every day peace huh Jake
Pollard's West pop and check out this
new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
