okay my mom's gonna be home in my head
minutes I texted her we are in my
brother's old room spying out of this
window waiting for them to come home and
then surprise good morning Shh Pollard's
what is up right now I am in my hometown
and chances hometown where we grew up
bringing in bringing a theory though
best friends for life and here is why
good morning Jake Pollard's what is
going on you're probably wondering Jake
why is it nighttime because right now I
am flying to Ohio it's where I'm from to
go and surprise my mom for Mother's Day
and we're gonna add a little bit of a
twist to it I might tell her that I got
in a new car so yeah we're taking an
overnight flight there right now we're
gonna be landing in Ohio at like 6:45 so
mom just know we went to a large extent
to pull this off I love you happy
Mother's Day
you're a great mom very beautiful very
awesome and so funny and always make me
laugh and you tell me how to work hard
as well I love you put up with all that
nonsense we have a six-hour flight ahead
of us Thomas is driving us to the
airport chances in the back - what up
were you like poking your head out the
whole time yeah I just came out cuz I
heard screaming oh are you ready for the
throw hype I think my mom's gonna be
like I think she's gonna freak out my
dad's helping us with the whole thing
so we just got to a hahaha that was weak
it's early it's like 6:30 a.m. got like
four I'm exhausted
horrors of sleep in a chair literally
like this we're too grown for this but
back to you future Jake so guys we JA
here and the plan was to get a rental
car to surprise my mom with an make it
act like I got her a car for her
birthday and then surprise her that I
was even here oh she still doesn't know
I'm here but then this happened what's a
car rental place we find out that you
have to be 21 in order to rent a car and
so now we don't have a car to surprise
my mom with which is like a whole video
that's like the prank yeah so we're have
to figure this situation out so Jake
I'll give it back to you bro you got to
figure this out so we got an uber and
we're back to my dad's now dad get in
here yo yo what up what up what's up
with all the clip oh my god oh my god oh
GPU guys I'm home this is where I grew
up for half of my life the other half
was at my mom's house which you guys
will see you later
early Jake callers have probably seen
this before this is where the old
YouTube videos my dears bro Wow Wow
you're waking up it's getting better
yeah Wow haha we'll get a proper one
later dad dad where are you
so my dad is going to help with this
whole thing and help it run smoothly was
all I tired never card cuz I'm a savage
he's the seal the whole thing is humid
and then guys after that happened it was
like 8:00 a.m. and we were here we got
really tired and laid down to take an
hour along that before start our day
well we overslept
way too long oh oh yeah well it's like
two o'clock oh my god what it's like two
o'clock you retard you try waking off
bro why didn't you wake us awesome you
guys are big adults you do your own
thing I figured you were tired you need
your your baby your binky rest you know
oh my god everything's fine
everything fine I just took care of it I
got the car I already put the bow on it
I actually delivered it to your mom it's
done nah these
to your log instead she's happy I just -
wait till you see the outfit that I have
for magma you're gonna love it
I'm all sorts of confused so right now
we got ready in like ten minutes
it's like 210 right now we're in Ohio so
guys it's like a gentle oh good I love
you so guys it's like 2:00 in the
afternoon right now I guess we're just
gonna have to just surprise my mom I
don't know where we're gonna get the
color from but this is this is where I
grew up and I'm going to capture some
vibes for you right now in the meantime
while we figure out what to do so vibe
capture
whoa capture some Ohio vibes it actually
feels like really good to be home
I think that's well that's what happens
when your eyes what is it and we figured
out what the move was so I'm going to
call my mom they have your mother's day
like I kind of forgot about it like blah
blah and then I'm going to try to figure
out where she is in that convict oh
where are you like what are you doing
today and we'll see how it goes this is
all after you guys collecting all day oh
yeah yeah yeah we really messed up here
when you're wearing it at this point but
our flight oh there's another thing I'd
imagine our flight back to LA is in five
hours
yeah we you guys basically spent more
time flying than you were awake here you
know high flying leaving yes what the
upside is I was on high happy Mother's
Day I love you you call David spawned
into the same thing like the bhagat what
is the world coming to
all right I'll call David's own so you
could vlog it are you following this
yeah hi vlog bottom bro oh I love wow my
dad is blogging by Sharon you're taking
over though I told him how much I made
on YouTube in this thing okay
alright so my dad's logging and I'm
calling my mom back to wish her happy
Mother's Day so that she can vlog it
okay hi mom happy Mother's Day I hope
you having a great day
I kind of forgot about Mother's Day hi
family
did um did Logan call you already or am
I the better son picture of me and I
when you smoke and tag me
oh man what are your plans for the day
branches around talking we found out
what she is I got something delivered to
your house it's gonna be it's in a we
told him to leave it there if you
weren't home because I didn't know where
you're going to be Disney sent you a
present
all right Mickey asked you all right I
might call you later
but happy Mother's Day you're the best
mom ever thank you for being awesome
better than Logan look but we found out
where she is home to your viewers she
said it's gonna be killing that for the
rest of the day we don't have a car do
we just go out a car or leave cars I
have cars we have you know we're gonna
fight sweet review cycles let's go let's
just do whatever we're gonna do I don't
know
Oh
welcome to hot that's the coolest
transition you'll see oh so we're on the
way to the store to get flowers and
stuff for my mom but we're passing
chances house we're going to stop by say
what up my mom has no idea we're
clubbing
so we're surprising to mom's old one
yeah so many memories in this town oh
it's great it's weird to be back like
damn oh my god I forgot Ohio driving
very precise let's Frenchman why you
want to park down the street yeah this
let's do this AHA that's where we grew
up and we'll cut it on neighbors lawn I
broke my ankle there once what this is
my baby
that's your tongue isn't she a beauty I
haven't seen this one there's medium
bowling with everything that's my baby
right there why is it unlocked hey hey
high five anyone's a until hey mommy oh
it's no magical hopes to be in this
corner of Larry oh hey hey hey
well even ours on there too magical
change is giving his family some March
always plug oh I didn't make it yet oh
your dad watch free March it's a lie
I go after March there's nothing I'm not
gonna give it to them really followers
look what does that say hello I don't
know
now it's time to get some stuff from the
store and surprise my mom mom I love you
bro you're watching I love you thanks
for being my mom and also thanks for
birthing me out of your vow this is a
biga flower selection they have here
what do we even do they're all so nice
that's a high offer yet possible all the
way here I can get a row so you guys are
probably wondering where we got the
Seine Ohio from and basically if you say
Ohio like this in Ohio this is where the
saying comes from
see that's what I'm saying bro like the
Seine is not just from anywhere right
Jan who's young like there's some guy in
the back of the store bro you know how
things happy Father's Day
he's like yo sorry tonight no that was
good no this is good
I'm sure the bulbs not in no that's fine
she's a gardener yeah that's fun I'm
super lucky to have you in life happy
Mother's Day this confirms that I'm
better than Logan love Jake okay guys so
what half a mile out my mom is at her
friend's house we don't have a plan I
don't know what we're gonna do but I
think we're at the sneak around the back
of her friend's house hopefully she
doesn't see us before then but we can
get on camera I'm nervous so you know it
is exciting I think she's gonna cry new
chance no idea we haven't posted on
social media or anything we're at the
park dominating it okay so they're down
there where all those cars are parked
let's go
hard flowers we saw are suck the tulips
you can plant them will be a lasting
memory of you we actually have to hide
I'll even see your car she's still here
let's just go for it
how did this here
the mom right here why is how you guys
would know she laughs sorry no nothing
is gone right today I really surprised
okay so my mom's not here they said that
she went back home so now we got to go
back home we got to go back to my mom's
house you know we suck damn bro we flip
it suck dude we can't get anything right
alright so now we're going to my mom's
let's do it so we're in my mom's
neighborhood now I know we've done this
like 4 times hours but our actually
about to pull up I mean hopefully she's
home gosh and we just do the garage code
busting as fast as possible how do you
know my grass
hello what we're in a cero home play now
this is a problem mom we got a flight to
catch
oh we suck these dude okay so we have no
idea where my mom is so I'm going to
call her like this is that absurd hello
no way we're hat test driving a Tesla
tie yeah I'm what I was wondering if you
have any uh pictures of us like on your
computer at home
how long will it be others wait
alright cool oh my god yeah bro we might
be stuck in Ohio after this well today
has not worked at all well we might as
well have some fun watching
this is my room Jake Pollard's tree hump
it I think it's only right so we have 45
minutes to kill a little bit of SMS food
and foot use make that up yeah let's do
some F&F have you guys tried the new
Ohio fried chicken no where is it juice
deluxe yeah try that
aha fried chicken Oh results may vary
any health or medical issues are not
alcohol oh is that where you used to
work one year ago you can catch me
they're grilling up steaks and stuff
oh no you catch me on the tube Oh
YouTube oh oh oh talk about how thing
baby you wouldn't know the thing you
wouldn't know with this what are the
eyes as you go on the center of X all
this texting and you know hi Oh as long
as you can
1 2 3 to show while we do it
yeah Gillett ah so we're trying to see
if they have my book in my hometown if
they don't yeah that's that means I'm
I'm irrelevant do you guys have this
Jake Paul you gotta want a book on the
title is when you gotta want it Jake
Paul yeah zero in store in hardcover I'm
seeing it as oh wait a second oh six no
I'm sorry
yes Nixon store yeah biography whoops no
way yes later I'll take a lap thanks
drew okay what's my name
Logan Paul and whose do you like cake
you like Jacob is better than mine yeah
it would be Achtung I told you I'm
actually Jake it was at this moment that
you knew that I'm not that ugly am i
they got it my boy
oh they have more than one copy bro this
is what I'm naughty relevant sorry this
is my book I'm excited the great read
you can banish a church oh hi I'm Jake
we saw a lot of coupons you sell a lot
of them I did
Oh mommy room okay I'm still youtuber
and kind of an actor I'm an actor hey
I'm working I have to get permission we
film not really is that guy kind of
permission the Jake balls are strong out
here in Ohio like y'all run deep it's
been like four minutes yo ah
thanks to the fire truck I actually want
to reminisce something right now this is
where Anthony I met like literally like
right to the ride your bike up and down
like that's so cool actually the thing
about it is though Anthony if you're
watching this I love you bro I'll find
where we met one day one day yeah we
can't go back to that place to learn a
role yeah I basically told when I left
my high school I said what do we baby
know do you babe now I don't even baby
bro all right peace bro when I left my
high school I told myself that I would
never go back there just because of the
amount of hate and stuff that I got from
like everyone there I told myself I'd
never go back there unless I was in a
Rolls Royce rate can't go back and less
them in a Rolls Royce yeah and that's
where we met yeah so oh wait dude they
destroyed the school that we met in and
kind of food
okay my mom's gonna be home in my 10
minutes I texted her asking her when she
was going to send me that picture said
I'll be home in 10 minutes and I'll send
it to you then we are in my brother's
old room spying out of this window
waiting for them to come home and then
surprise its hopefully it works like I
don't know what else could go wrong at
this point no no no no no no the
neighborhood kids ruined it do you think
it's not coming through they're all
laughing and pointing at the house
behind again hi to pretend I'm not here
for my 10 minutes in the basement
oh you are not here I'm frantically
searching for you are here I love you
mom you do not know what we went to find
had mother's name this yo did the
neighborhood
you just not they did she was waiting me
totally I'd like you're not here you
guys and then they're like oh they must
not have gotten here they said they
might come but they're not so I said
okay so then I walked in and totally
quiet and there was nothing here I did
you rip out your leash it works it works
success have no idea what we went
through what did you go through a lot
and then we thought the neighborhood
kids ruined it like live second what is
our less coming to I got you these
flowers
oh my gosh yes wow I missed or whatever
yeah they're from Romania yeah from
Italy I mean they're from Hawaii you
jump like crazy I thought I was seeing
something
mom it's so good to see you we have to
go that's why today I play you're like
Logan posted me and tagged me yeah well
guess what Logan I came in real life
baby that's hard to top Logan Jewellery
can't top that we did it we did it my
gosh thank you so am I better in Logan
huh yeah that's the first time I've ever
said all right mom but we actually have
to go the airport you're luckily you're
coming to LA this week though I know I
would be so bummed if I'd lost it so we
get spend more time together
oh just a young football-playing kid
young will wrestler like us thanks for
being my mom thanks for being my son
dadís thanks for helping absolutely
I'll see you in LA mom you're gonna
drive us to the airport we might miss
our flight so we gotta hurry well if you
miss it then I get to see you longer
like she really a win-win groans she's
like slowly to drive on Jake Pollard's a
surprise work so well it paid off in the
end it's so magical so magical
BYE MOM are you sad we're here at the
airport guys oh I'm not gonna stop
we'll see you on Thursday okay in LA
okay Bob I'll miss you this is it I've
blogged about one last Ohio ready oh wow
guys Jake ballers thank you so much for
watching today things are kind of crazy
but that's how it is and don't forget
about the iPhone giveaway read hundred
thirty two gigabytes guys all you have
to do is hit the subscribe button and
turn on my post notifications I'm going
to be announcing the winner in the next
couple of days chance thank you so much
for coming along with me it was truly a
mission bro guys check out his channel
he's always helping me with everything I
love you bro I love you over the link in
the description to his channel I got you
bro always plug anywhere in the marchó
which is also antibiotic and Jake
parlors I'll see you tomorrow we're
gonna land it like 1 a.m. Los Angeles
Times the grind is so real you gotta
want it make sure you're working hard
make sure you're smiling and we'll see
you tomorrow because it's everyday bro
goose cake callers what's up and check
out this new March whoo that merch is
hot boy new items of merchandise limited
time put the link make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake vol 2 which you guys
can subscribe to right now and if you
want to see more content from everyone
in the house our group channel is called
team 10 chequered see you guys tomorrow
