good thing as well this morning
something wealthy as always for usual
Martinez town
wake up we're doing wealthy thing ever
rich to do oh yeah I told my wife I was
like hey honey I'm going to the Lewis
store this morning and I'm buying four
bags ha ha ha ha ha that's more or less
than last week ah so you losers coming
or what yeah then I don't want to be
normal because normal is poor and poor
is boring ah seriously let's go do some
we're not that but let's do some adult
stuff we're gonna adult right now
if this is an adult think I don't know
what it is
do you like my new rolls-royce yeah this
we dollars on the ceiling we got the
ghost of our I thought it stood for a
really rich but it just said four
rolls-royce ran I think you can deny
dancing over the wall and inside me the
rolls-royce wasn't flashy enough so we
turned our lamborghini aventador into a
flippin mere one can see how their cars
are you guys want to drive around with
all of these expensive cars or it's all
I know
expensive sounds great alright guys
you're about to see a fleet of the like
the most amount of sports cars all in
one place at one time we're at the gold
rush reality the start of it we're going
to drive with them for a little bit guys
it's gonna be insane
you see is me son Oh Audie r8 v10 plus
I must listen for the table set
1:12
it's all loud oh my god I just lay down
I was like groan its aggressive sound
what does it do money in a bank if you
feel it rock down yeah you could be a
hot red really don't care you know
whoa America yeah they both let me draw
a thing a video game
I felt like I was Ricky Bobby I don't
know if they could hear like the rubber
and the tire screeching and like see the
sideways Ness to the store to film back
here to our Glade oh yeah okay so we are
back at the team penthouse all right now
the car stuff was so much fun guys we're
having an awesome Saturday
Martinez window and I wish you could
have came with me to the car thing
oh yeah I was wearing man with the boots
here we're making progress right now you
know I like this March mine is better
oh yeah we can be a good thing can be on
my merch
not your Lincoln and bio ah link yeah
yeah not be oh oh my oh this is Bo Bo Bo
bio there's no way your merch is better
yeah you didn't see this
yeah Thank You blue cheese now well how
can you might be better if Jake's was
just in the big name retailers yesterday
yeah I'm gonna make more money than the
other like is yourself in H&M no yes
it's not what
okay so the Martinez twins have been
back in LA for like a week now and it's
been a long time since I've pranked one
of them and I just walked out back bro
we have buckets of slime oh no from the
pool they're gonna get every disease
known to man but wait now they have read
it literally talked to client I mean
quite literally have you smelled it I
want to dump the slime on that but one
problem is I don't think we'll be able
to get both of them so I want to get one
yeah and I didn't have the idea to this
ruthless I do it in mind my YouTube you
know what your way down the pipe the
other one yeah always a million figure
this offer is on YouTube this trust
gotta be on top of your stuff okay so
basically what I'm gonna try and set it
up where you go and do a photo shoot
okay with the twins and I have like
Yvonne gulped Emilio yeah you want to do
a photo shoot if they stand under this
balcony that's up here I'll be like
acting like I'm framing up the shower
really on your record and Ohio
dumpster Donna let's get a valedictory
or la quick man will do it Instagram
pics show yeah yeah and then we'll run
out there that God it'd be really quick
we just got a snapping turtle Yahoo so
we had guys cleaning the pool and they
like we had some extra gasoline and they
just poured it into the pool we're so
like these hey my god this is like
really I said a long way and Max tells
me that somebody all right okay
do you have any good day yeah
oh my gosh this is really so good what
with Orion bro if they don't die oh I
love you I almost phew
we're just gonna tell them were throwing
this out just for like hey you wanna
carry it now
oh it's the gasoline bro that is what
was poured oh my gosh like on like
spewed out do we have like a doctor we
use I think they'll just get deported
China fly smiling like that yo
put it out of your way fancy it I wanna
sneak oh we need Anthony yeah it's good
we need to answer so I can see
this money I got the Advil wait is that
my gosh
why are you hoping with my harness fire
you pool with the black yacht I'll be
honest with you I think you guys are
buggin and do all small problems with it
yes I do i I like that marks though we
only had photographer Heather house I'm
in here hey do you want to introduce
yourself to the day cause I'm Jessica
I'm a photographer
do you like me yeah how are you uh-huh I
love you too Jessica are you scared of
the vlogs
no all right here yeah yeah it's when I
like Todd whoa whoa whoa whoa Kika when
IG want to check out some service okay
so here's Rick Spanish Oh si si speak
Spanish for people I am Oh Mac yo hablo
espanol your x1 chica okay yo some
savage don't tell them I didn't use the
other okay - no smells good it's muy
importante porque necesita oh I've been
trying to tell them for like four weeks
now I got you and it is that whoa you
know what it was at this moment that
evening you have any good days all right
yeah okay cause I wanna I just wanna
make sure you have a good day
oh we got that too by the way oh yeah
brand-new cool did you maverick yeah not
a paid endorsement by DJ oh they
actually wouldn't even give us one in
the mail we asked for it oh we ain't
that poppin oh I want to prank your
honor
why because you guys recycle welcome oh
yeah okay okay I need you to ask him to
go on a photo shoot with Kate in the
front yard there when he walks out there
we're gonna act like Kate taking
pictures of us and we're gonna dump the
slime in the backyard on
okay yeah time let's meet my brother
okay yes I'm cooking no chance when you
get to fly these moths are 500 days is
Savage we got trash bags for our hands
just to carry it we're dumping it on
them yeah yeah oh my gosh it's so gross
Oh who's Rubik with I leave your handles
there so Kate is downstairs and he is
going to initiate the photo shoot and
Yvonne's gonna get them to come out with
them put it in the trash can so that we
can dump it in there and it's going to
make less of a mess and then he's also
gonna have to get out at the end we're
up here on this earth we're getting
ready to dump all the slime on a clothes
X camera well he's filming to see this
I'm going up on those ladders to get a
shot on the roof the Martinez think
they're gonna go on a photo shoot I'm
going to go get up for the photo shoot
no really go shoot we're going to be
like oh like the lagoon is finally drain
right here more like make it will make
it seem like you might even be in it but
if you like get in here I'll shoot it
from this way right here hope you like
till you owe me yeah I used to be a
Tyson and like that
yeah I think I was like yo we kind of
miss these you know what
oh no no no no no also I'll throw up
no no that's up why do you want you bros
mouth it does smell really bad
it does smell really bad smell-o-vision
they would Oh Stan whoo sorry bro yeah
yeah as opposed to throwing open why did
you throw up all right Oh
get out of time
oh my god it's so bad babe
oh no don't you you guys even its own
ass know what happens what happens your
pool grow why is it pink though what did
you eat today
I need this I'm like crying yo I'm so
sorry bro you cleaned up right you're
okay yeah you're good no he's good he's
good he's good but I feel bad for you
know that I'm licking my Allah my Allah
my Allah my Allah today has been so much
fun
don't forget about this iPhone 7
giveaway all you have to do is subscribe
and turn my post notifications on sir
stop what you're doing right now scroll
down a little bit hit that subscribe
button and turn on my post notifications
when you're done Sam and I'm gonna be
announcing the winner soon so stay tuned
and guys it is still daytime right now
but I'm planning a huge vlog for
tomorrow it takes a lot of effort and so
we start prepping for that right now so
stay tuned to make sure your subscribe
so you can see that guys and this new
merch is always hot you know how we do
it baby
you already know we're twinning actually
has you ever been in a vlog in a while
given how I'm you're gone hey Jessa
Jessa Jake Paulus the squad is out here
and the last thing today's post
identification shoutout goes to Turner
whirling Connor thank you so much for
having my voice own business do you want
to shop how to take videos roll down
subscribe comment
and turn on the post on vacation Jake
Paula we will see you tomorrow because
every day we take callers what stop and
check out this new March whoo that merch
is hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time click the link make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on a daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
poof
