good morning Jake ballers good morning
Jake Pollard and welcome to my life I
hope you're having a great day
make sure you dab it on the haters wake
up guys make sure you're working hard
and make sure you're smiling guys
seriously smile right now just like this
have a great day let's kill it baby whoa
oh okay
it was worse there's really artsy and
creative you're new here
I'm Jake Paul this is the team penthouse
it's lit everyday bro
let's do today baby
I'm a marketer all yeah so much effort
for those shot let's Disney bro let's do
some Disney stuff
six hours later whoa alrighty so we have
been on set for a couple hours now it's
a shoot day I got my makeup on my boy
Ethan here with me what Bob you kind of
suck okay yeah you want to elaborate
you're so bad at acting we were doing a
scene earlier guys you have a Jake
polish context we're doing a scene
earlier today and he had to say bullet
and he can't say bullet right now bullet
executives are getting pissed off and
even stuff that doesn't make me a bad
actor that just means I have like a
slight speech impediment you're good for
the vlogs because you're short and
you're easy to make fun of that's the
only reason why I put you in the vlogs
but like you said I could be put in the
vlog for the pop tag yeah because it
grows you a lot of followers so we're
both great actors
thanks also just so you know I'm
dropping this major bomb on you right
now they're writing you out of the next
episode because my braids are too high
so razor marseilles Adsense acting Oh
can't afford it has to bribe me out of
that episode it's like picking a thorn
out of a foot if you want the foot to be
fully operational again you got to take
the thorn out you're kind of a thorn you
know what sucks
yeah at the end of the day I can go to
acting classes and get better at acting
but you can never get taller where it
how many armpit hairs yeah like seven
Pinos whenever I'll do Tesla do Tessa I
got a new car is the Honda Civic just
like really good for driving me to my
dance classes that fat fat you know that
hey guys I'm a vlogger now vlog life
yeah hey Jake so my assistants assistant
sent my assistant fish and then my
assistant send it to me but like I don't
have enough assistants so I'm going to
hire another assistant to be my
assistants assistant boss so it's
basically going to be my assistant
assistant and
existence will be my new assistant and
and yeah I went to stagecoach and it was
like fun and I saw a bunch of people and
I got like really tan and like itay on
the roof yeah oh my god I literally hate
you guys stop not wearing makeup stop oh
my god I literally hate you guys oh my
oh my god stop it Bob I'm Martinez when
he's on a roll
he's on a roll today was the worst hi
dad how do you hit don't come for me yes
Hey shoot something at my balls let me
guess
named Nick yeah it's really hard to work
while you're making noise out there and
screaming and you're just so barbaric
and you know I'm trying to do my job
Jake barking meow you like hired me oh
here we go add a bizarre part behind the
scenes hey I'm an active role yeah you
got it you're vlogging look I'm blogging
the directors voice as a Disney Channel
director ever vlogs before know this
history their missionary social media
stars are important acting isn't easy
Hey ladies and gentlemen to rap for
Ethan and a rap for Jake
you're the first-ever director vlogger I
appreciate you asking it thanks JP your
office boy here's a mugger let's go back
to the team penthouse yes miss me yeah
we miss you basically what is this oh
you know we're actors now bro what bro
I'm an actor bro what happened bondage
in Terminator no oh you guys finessed
YouTube and now you're finessing acting
oh my god how long do you live in Los
Angeles six weeks young people will move
to Los Angeles and they're gonna hear ah
is the best results may vary any health
or medical issues are not alcohol how'd
you even get the audition though our
economics agent Alex oh my agent it is
how do you even know him we got an
actually no well are so so easy oh thank
you for I appreciate that
I like your swag what we need to talk
about is this you have a new pizza J
Palmer time every day that's right I
think those could be in stores well like
have you ever thought about trying to go
to like actual like zarathos have you
very good question I have an app thought
about it but like you just like made it
real in my mind like all the big stores
we should email them and be like yo put
Jake Walmart like Jake Paulus would you
go to the store and buy the J kwatak
yeah
even easier but the emails will take too
long Paul why don't we go where's
everyone
hey Doc hey Rosco why we just go to the
store and put my merch in the stores
I'm the mannequin but we can buy a
theoretically how well it would sell oh
I bet you people will come in there like
Haley I think I saw the camo shirt on
the mannequin out front how much for
that no yes let's go right now
no all right so we're at the ball right
now I got a bag full of Jake Palmer
Lincoln vial we're gonna see how many
stores we can put the march on they're
mannequins for we get kicked out and
then we're to try and ask the workers
like come on this one's but this is the
right time the work was too hot daaamn
be apocalypses we're prepared
sometimes you guys have layer yes hello
to play a joke or what
well Jake hollers I left it there you
guys wanna go get it we largest it yeah
like so hot ideas you get any more of
those
I'll show him
I get the same brand
my man is searching so far yes work
here we are now you look good honey
big 3 2 1
grade
then
you go kamiya garms on the floor this is
so savage I just put it in a store font
like the being something had yo bro I
really dig your style killing it
there's literally a security guard like
right on the other side of this that's
watching us a bunch of you like my man
on on the floor throw a is arms didn't
fit I'm going to ask them to happen I'm
talking to the front of the store I
can't find them anywhere is it roll down
like that sure so you think it sold out
bill don't is that more of my money
wait is that Anthony oh what's going on
this type of question that you guys want
to know but and how are we not getting
kicked out right now
can we talk about how no one inside
anything
I just assembled this whole entire
manicure you took it apart put my March
on it and look at it look how good it
looks
they're like the ball it's actually
amazing and no one said a word Hollywood
they were so not - that's why I came
here it's like selling out like crazy
it's the new Jay Paul brand that's why
yeah it's a new Jake ball brain so just
like it's not like crazy you can't take
it off the mannequin now hold for you
yeah and then once they take it off then
they'll give you all comments you know
that it stretches the new Jake Paul
brand and they're just selling out like
crazy yeah I know the only thing out to
do is just put your names
put it on hold for you okay can you do
that okay
oh my god
I told you everyone's trying to get it
do you know who that is
but you know that it's dying allocated
Big Mac and Paul it's for the jig Paul
shirt the jig Paul blue camo shirt Jake
callers what way did your game yeah okay
she just put your own words on hold from
you but I was like yeah can you put the
Jake Paul camo t-shirt on hold it she's
like yeah what's your name I was like
Jake Paul wait that's your name it
wasn't yet okay we've the times well
believe it on Jake Jake Pollard's what
looking guys now that's your guys's
Street colors that was so successful
yeah so typically no and no one even
said anything let's go back to the house
whoa Jake Paulus today has been an
amazing day
thank you guys for helping me with that
we're about to go to the gym it's
already really laid out I was on set for
a really long time today but don't
forget about this red iPhone 7 giveaway
guys 132 gigabytes
all you have to do is subscribe and turn
on my post notification
make sure you do that right now stop
what you're doing scroll down hit the
subscribe button go a little bit over
turn on my post notifications and guys
also to size the merch right now is so
like I put my heart and soul into it I
tried to create like really stylish
stuff that's well wearable affordable
and it is selling really fast like
actually so if you guys want it go to
the link in the bio and get from Jake
Walmart's become part of the family baby
and Jake callers keep on working hard
keep on smiling keep Devon alma maters
and I will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bro who's Jake Pollard's West
pop and check out this new March whoo
that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited-time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Church see you
guys tomorrow
