now I have a big update for you it's
pretty funny it's pretty savage these
are our jobs bro it was the two thousand
dollar hard drives that didn't work at
all
corrupted all the data what's the
company Drobo drove oh you got called
out bro you're stuck we got that too
you're filming so we saw it coming a
mile out bro hey come on TJ follows I
hope you're having a great morning make
sure you're smiling because when you
smile you feel happier and when you're
happier if you work harder and when you
work harder success levels growth and
when success levels grow you get more
girl we made it so Jay solace let's flip
it to today
tell me this I'm like I'm so powder oh
my gosh they're learning like a parent
most kids read you know we go man I'm
their mom you're learning Braille what
do you learn and now it's talking of
your tongue give us a word give us a
word there's a console oh thank Jesus
station right yeah yeah see how like
normally there is castle there is a
castle bro this book is actually worked
well yeah well no I'm actually like I'm
the best okay give us a word give us a
worthy she's coming to my heart
Oh from gender I'm going to look your
book what what did you say make your
bison I'm pretty sure it doesn't say
that I just ate your book he's like what
learning is about girl make mistake hi
in life when this tinder girl comes
she's gonna think he's 26 are you on
tinder right now wow oh my god alright
guys so life has been crazy as you guys
have kind of seen and I kinda just want
to like recap everything give you
updates on everything and there's some
really really funny stuff that you're
going to want to wait and like stay
tuned for but I mean I kind of check in
with everyone so let's do then Nick you
want to go first
what are you working on big eyes I'm
just removing old team time numbers from
the door time that's average we're just
disappearing
going they don't want it Sam they don't
want it you're gonna get your raced off
the banner mmm the family is stronger
faster and more unstoppable than ever
join now or forever hold your peace you
have any updates what are you working on
what's going on
no we just happened off a couple
projects but recently I've seen there's
more people now specifically two more
girls so I'm like I'm like like there's
never girls here so there's got to be an
explanation figured out Erika got an
assistant and her assistant got it it's
an assistant as an assistant another
assist yeah but the one assistant here's
the worst part is that Erika is Jake's
assistant
that's me I'm Jake so that means that
that's an assistant assistant assistant
what are my assistant I don't think in
the I need one if she's got three Jake's
got three now
Erika has two and the new one even has
one I've been here that long I don't
even have a single one maybe the
monstrance could be your assistant she
will go for the price of one
I know it's legal to employ them but at
this point I feel like she doesn't even
have anything left to do now she's full
influencer ever since she here or under
K on Instagram she switched up on us I'm
going to talk to Erica what's up nothing
explaining how are you how are you I'm
just checking in on everyone's lives you
have any update um well we did a lot of
cleaning this is my assistant Bella
she's helping me with a lot of stuff
first thing she says I said do you have
any update she goes this is my assistant
Bella no honey no there could be a watch
a vlog tomorrow I'll be like oh you have
any updates for us I am I'm asking
everyone about their update a chance and
I I actually nerd he likes a gain so we
have this little team ten gaming thing
that we're working on that's right it's
pretty good don't sleep on us so Jake
Pollard's if you're gamers be ready for
that do another update I know I know you
have another ones you need me to remind
you
my boys are the fourth fastest growing
YouTube channel
yeah y-yeah that's all sigh if you watch
your YouTube channel
a month and a half ago I mean that's
good news Wow gee thank you me you're
number one
no way then load unit number two and
then some guy from Spain's number three
yeah my boy your dad and then it's not
yeah so we're above you so guys now I
have a big update for you it's pretty
funny it's pre savage let's go what's
update colors cool come over here
gathering so the first update is I got
this yeah this is for like 5 million
subscribers that's cool
that would kill you and then the second
thing guys we're still working on
getting a house it's like a really hard
process takes a lot of time it's a foot
like money in escrow get Pitt she thinks
she owns the world but guys we're
working on getting into a house we're
really excited about it a lots going
into it boxing
we basically have to convince our
neighbors at the new house to let us
like pave this one road on the way in so
hopefully they'll be able to agree to
that or if you convince them were nice
Oh a neighbor's Bubba yeah well actually
actually that's right including my third
update which is at the end of yesterday
we got a letter an email from our
neighbors from our neighbors lawyers
because they loved it so our neighbors
hired lawyers to try and scare us to
stop making videos but it's every day no
and I'm stopping oh final blog yeah we
actually have to stop yes yeah
retirement yeah so my final vlog from
you yeah because look it says my client
is resolved to take legal action against
you to stop the ongoing nuisance at the
property accordingly demand is hereby
made that these nuisance activities at
all film production immediately cease at
the property if you do not reply within
seven days of this letter Commerc as I
was saying if you do not reply within
seven days of this letter confirming
cessation of such activities than my
client shall have no choice but to take
any and all actions available at law and
equity including but not limited to
filing a lawsuit against you for damages
and seeking injunctive relief Wow
very efficient I'm scared we have to
stop logging i'm remiss to say this we
have to stop the vlog for like until we
move into the new house it's going to be
a couple yeah
ah
that's ominous that comedy so they know
that is everyday bro you don't want to
take caller sick on your own
it's very comical so I mean obviously
the NIP the neighbors are probably
watching up this right now so hey hope
you're having a great day we are
cylinder thank you for this letter by
the way great read there's a lot of
typos in here so tell your lawyers or if
the lawyers watching this you really got
to work on your typing I dropped out of
high school and I'm telling you that
serious knowledge they went in on this
letter and I'm going to read it to you
doing his glasses yeah yeah it's good
art this office represents the owner of
a property on the block of kill Kia
Drive in Los Angeles where your property
our address I mean you guys already know
it so is located the current occupant of
the property are engaged in continuous
non-stop film production and business
activities on this residential block
without a film permit or business
license in violation of applicable law
this includes disruptive and often
dangerous activities for the benefit of
the cameras we're professional dangerous
mother yeah we're always everything's
always under control one of these
residents Jake ball chronicles these
various unlawful dangerous and
disruptive activities occurring at the
property in webisodes on his popular
YouTube channel thank you fell off the
high horse shake come off the high horse
not bad just another kid from behind
the purpose of this letter is to advise
you of this nuisance so that you can
take the steps to stop these nuisance
activities and advise you that my client
will take legal action against you if
you do not do so the list of outrageous
disruptive and dangerous activities
create an ongoing nuisance does not stop
there over the past months mr. Paul and
his associates have used trampolines on
the roof of the property creating a
danger to themselves and a great
potential liability to you
they have brought a live kangaroo to the
house when the other world that even
illegal though kangaroos are nicer than
most cats let me tell you I almost died
from a cat this kangaroo I could have
made out with it yeah what would they
have set up a kissing booth outside the
house for their droves of fans
Jake Pollard's give it up for you guys
this is my favorite yeah
in addition if you're dropping
watermelons from the roof and throwing
footballs from the roof you're trying to
get us kicked out because we drop the
watermelons oh my cousin we have fun but
the latest and perhaps most dangerous
incident occurred on Saturday night mr.
Paul's YouTube channel shows the
creation and lighting of they put in
quotation marks the Saturday night
bonfire as they called it Abby Lee
calling in the episode as Jake Paul
himself says this is a legal as I did
say that and you can clearly see
numerous young men at the house tossing
random debris into the empty pool
including a sofa chairs and even popcorn
popcorn was experienced popcorn was
score but they then doused the debris in
gasoline and light on fire it was
acetone it was acid exciting you guess
if you're a rookie at making fires you
get professionals we were used as amount
because it burns and like oh I need to
drink yeah but I will say that was
probably the dumbest thing we do oh yeah
that one will miss the most rule is no
pun intended no literally stomp on
someone it is a kind of a pun intended
in their video I clearly say this is
illegal
that's because I was in the moment how
do these neighbors don't know if we have
special effects how do they know the
fires are completely fake and it's all
video entity it could have been it could
have ended things we don't know we are
I don't even I don't even maybe I think
it was special to know we might even
know didn't we have a green eye but
that's beside the point
even if there was a fire how is hosting
a bonfire a bonfire illegal I did that
all in line when I was a kid we advised
you to instruct your tenant to preserve
all footage whether or not it appears in
his rebus ODEs or has been edited out as
evidence of this activity in fact
destroying / deleting such footage would
now be spoil a ssin of evidence so
you're saying that if I deleted my video
battery's residence I think where
they're mistaken is the fact that for
even one second they thought I would
delete the Secret Service came to my
house and told me to delete the White
House video and I said I slept in the
flippin White House curricula middle ok
dry paper The Secret Service them like
we're on different levels yeah so we
used to the end of the letter here again
they say if you do not reply within
seven days of this letter confirming
that you're going to stop these
activities then they're going to file a
lawsuit against us basically what I got
from that is the Jake polish yeah we
welcome any day caller like it oh goody
that is an update from our neighbors I
almost forgot guys where I wanted to
take this whole entire thing I'm just
going to drop some knowledge on you guys
so this letter is a prime example of the
many many roadblocks and haters trying
to stop me from doing what I do people
trying to strip me of my dreams we know
who it is it's the lure the people right
next door to us
this lady is such a hater like I make
these videos and put them on the
internet and whatever happens happens
with them but what has happened with
them is that millions of people watch
millions Eva left like I think that's
why the Jake callers they last you guys
are excited you like to drama you like
the entertainment value it makes it
could make your day better they could
inspire you guys like even right now
watching us to be like oh there was this
kid even a kid at my school that was
saying like you can't go to the NFL like
don't listen to him this is that letter
this is just a different way of this is
how were getting --have them this is how
people are trying to stop us take this
same lesson that we're going through
right now and don't let any haters into
your life
don't let anybody try to stop you this
makes us sound like were the worst kids
in the
well we're just out there trying to
entertain millions of millions of people
to inspire and to create a massive army
of people who are just have the right
mindset they work hard on a day-to-day
basis they don't let little things drag
them down take this what we're going
through right now apply it in your life
you're gonna stop think you got one on
nah and so it's likely to take this
energy you listen that's a real life
advice like I would tell a young
non-english-speaking Martinez twins that
that maybe has both of them yeah they
don't know who they're coming for but
they're coming and they're not letting
anybody stop them don't let it get to
you just keep doing your thing baby that
all silly we should light this on fire
because that's why that's why they
emailed us and accused us of lighting a
fire we'll just use our special effects
again we'll light this up fire a special
effect boys right three two one whoa
whoa wow that is marvelous thing fake
smoke fake choke
I'm an actor bro let's keep looking Oh
actually speaking of acting let's go to
set bro I'm Ally later
oh yeah what's up bro good afternoon
get get after your why so positive today
I'm just having a great day we're on set
we're shooting yeah then yes oppa said
laying purple shirt together hey what is
that what is that I have one question I
have a question how do you feel that
your stunt doubles a girl is it you know
it's just uh hey stop it's just you know
just how it is oh god I'm just small
okay there's no like as like men grown
men my god this you admit it kid yeah
I'm growing though can all the debris
which ones which you guys look way too
much alike
this is the best demo that's wrong
apologize for telling you you look like
him you're not that ugly let's go back
to the team ten house all right what
relax last we're gonna dump that on you
let me just trigger a nice sleep look
that's but you could be a Navy SEAL so
Jake callers today has been an amazing
day I do not forget about this iPhone 7
giveaway it's red one hundred thirty two
gigabytes all you have to do is
subscribe right now so stop what you're
doing scroll down could subscribe and
then it turned on my post notifications
guys all used to do is click on that
little Bell thingy and that's how you
enter the giveaway that's legit all you
got to do guys I'm gonna be picking a
winner here and in the next couple of
days and today's post on occasion
shout-out goes to Gabriel Marcus and
Gabriel thank you so much for having my
post notifications turned on my voice
guys if you want to post notification
shout out and if you want to win an
iPhone all you have to do is subscribe
and turn on my post identification and
comment when you're done and also we
just restocked a bunch of merchandise on
the website it was all sold out before
so go while you can it's not going to be
up there for a long time it sounded like
hotcakes so go check that out guys you
know how it is bro it's lit every day
and I will see you tomorrow because
every day bro who's Jake Pollard's west
pop and check out this new March whoo
that merch is hot new items of
merchandise limited-time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
peace
