oh it's only Khurana good morning je
polish today is the Martinez twins
birthday let's go destroy their face so
the question is do we sing happy
birthday in Spanish a lot of English
English happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday happy
birthday to you
Oh guys I got you I got you this
normally no that's for a giveaway I'm
doing enter now like and subscribe to
our for certifications if you want to
win Satsuki yeah I'm gonna get you
something later though okay okay be
ready we have stuff to do but I'm
serious about the giveaway guys I let's
do some stuff oh my god oh no what's up
guys um eight people in my car right now
how many should be new cars so basically
we're trying to do trick shots right now
I have to sneak everyone into this court
we all have to go in my car which is the
source of sanity if understand why I am
seeing no blood dude in a truck early
morning singing some YMCA and girls
recurring but it would be dunk we had
some girls laps up there's nothing no
one can do it let's see if we can get in
through security
laughing cremated - there's a hole all
right good morning Jake Pollard's we
finally got to the court we made it past
security it is a good morning here in
Los Angeles I hope you guys are smiling
I hope your debit on the mater's I hope
you're working hard baby because that's
all we know how to do we got chances
cane and then legendary shots what's
poppin baby oh you going oh baby and
then we got juggling Josh over here some
bands already a 700 and guys it's about
to be super super lit this court is a
I'm feeling good I got my Jake Palmer
John always plug and let's do some trick
shots and juggling stuff and just do
some dope stuff with our lifes Wham
you've got my merch on so that's cool
all right time for my player card watch
this
the whole song so this is the three
throw juggle double combo trickshot
thingamajiggy I like it yeah yeah yeah
that he makes the shot then my boy
juggles it and now it's my turn
Odell Moneyball
this is called the ring around the rosy
posy mozi shot I got this whoa I like
this money it shot did the double juggle
trouble waffle cafe run applause well
excuse me sir this is my friend we're
doing the trick shot video
he needs it back stop being a jerk get
out you do not know about
this is the calls to Jake might die shot
but what the shit birthdate what I lay
down here sweet mother of Jesus what did
I sign up for sharp right hello sharp
yeah what is the shot actually lay down
and I'll walk over you and then you make
sure sorry mom like I said I'll buy you
a car one day from this stupid day yeah
I'm ready
he's going to be honest he's really nice
I don't want to look Wow three mother
Jesus okay
oh wow
oh are you Jake Palmer I just called hey
hey this is going to take polar shot
it's kind of weak but it's not man you
have to go to school no I'm cool you
really don't have to just get a camera
dude next shot is called the juggle dish
this is the double bridge double drop
juggle flop do it just do it here this
here this I got you
yep juggling Josh oh this is called the
ski tree wet Willie nature teacher
mother nature shot
oh yeah oh we're not getting excited
we're not gonna excite it I was that was
not a good okay all right I was gonna
get hype alrighty guys we killed those
trick shots legendary shots juggling
Josh I will see you guys later boom just
us now so uh let's do some stuff we're
all gonna jump up on three and creamy a
really cool change we're gonna go a
little more right wall ready three two
one
oh we are that's an outrage we don't
know can do we gotta move
what how did you get in here I was just
weighing your for you guys you're in
here what I will do jigs Roomba what are
you doing brother
swirly Wow since you only go to Disney
schools yeah we have to give you a
freshman beatdown what all the things
that happens a real freshman in real
life I was a real freshman for the first
semester no you aren't you get a beat on
- you must whirly or come on Eva don't
make out already but go fan out of leg I
got a leg oh I get them in the toilet it
tastes oh my gosh keep the fights out of
your job I don't know a few Tony he's
swinging ah
hahaha Adam boom bad was that mean just
give him an extra pot Oh Bravo can I
have like a longer pop time system yeah
already popped egg you maybe give him a
second one too this is your way okay
thanks guys
it was worth it is worth it was fun
right all right in ten assemble oh my
god baby from you did you just happen
during the transport Oh sometimes things
go wrong in these transportation things
we got one jumping what happens if we
jump twice try it bro alright ready
ready three two oh wait and I seen
something ugly merch oh no my boys have
March you literally two months ago yet
yo subscribe oh my god and oh my fucking
gosh look at this oh my god the pool is
the lagoon is no longer look how it this
is insane
I had a bet with Chad that if he cleaned
the whole entire pool that I would get
foam blocks for it I never thought I was
just standing in this ever again well
now I have to get foam black we're going
to fill this whole entire thing so
that's what would take callers now it's
time to give the Martinez twins their
kids no happy birthday guys we got you
American colors is your gift guys happy
birthday to
only to be happy birthday
- hola como estas muy bien so little air
machito's puta puta
hold up bro make a wish yeah yes made it
taken when I was their age I was twice
the height in places rich are you good I
opened it when your guests open your
eyes like this is from everyone on team
10 bono anyway oh and hurry up - because
my batteries only have 5% everyone's
going to be able to tell them apart
hmm oh oh okay yeah Oh a Muller spade
easy yeah and there's even lang for Ohio
in there like you can learn how to live
in Ohio a gig a piece of steak Oh
progress already yo but wait what is
this new March go guys the last birthday
present per usual if you're on team ten
baby everyone go subscribe to their
channel Martina three link in the
description let's do it let's do bring
get them a hundred thousand followers in
one day light
go now the best part about that your
birthday's coming up wait wait which is
really the same Channel just yeah yeah
you're gonna be 18 one day yes you are
Oh Erica yeah we should be the family Oh
Oh what do you think Oakley he has no
comment I don't know okay longer and be
in the picture I'm like this and blogs
are basically my I wasn't even that bad
no I'm still closing
oh okay guys so we're on a mission right
based off of this title you're like yo
you're selling the Dolan twins warehouse
something right done that's my son oh
very much self-explanatory to it than
let's do it all this light but you're
still throwing shade honey
all this carpet but our relationship is
still rough all these people here in
this but still no one to talk to
all the things I did for you but you
still took me for granted granite is
logs good morning Jake Palmer
bye I love you do you want to I love you
you know what
well not all new same Martinez twins I
need you all this bleach but you still
did me dirty on a grub spider
don't sign we're gonna solve it don't
work wins warehouse what do you think
they're going to be sleeping with the
fishes yeah is it weird because it's our
first time like reuniting it's kind of
weird like it could have been more weird
if you brought like the Martinez ones
with you or something that'd have been a
lot more the twins don't like twins and
I love the Dolan twins
hopefully they'll love me
that's Duffy the door
damnit I hear your voices the lights are
on
three down
Oh
hello
Oh
Kanna
thank God oh that's more you what are
you doing here Oh Jake Jake guys why
don't you just ring the doorbell
there's a doorbell Jake guys Jake I
missed you too you've been I think I I
really got a new phone so I couldn't
text to bring it here guys open your DM
u DM me yeah oh my god just like the
good old days how about a good old don't
win sandwich oh it's no one love you
ah
well now there's just six dudes in a
warehouse never any girls guys what does
it mean go back your teenager fun
that was a fun day right
it was I missed you guys listen to you
okay well we're gonna go okay this is
nice yours really doorbell don't sneak
in anymore yeah yeah I mean you could
those come form okay Jake polish make
sure you like and subscribe check out
this new fireworks that's always poppin
baby and I'll see you tomorrow because
it is ro peace or have to tell you the
Peace Park it's on this yeah this is the
peace thing every day bro be a my cool
no Jake Pollard's what pop and check out
this new March who that marches hot new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
vol 2 which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
