are you ready yeah okay I have a big
surprise for you
listen to me guys listen to me I need
your attention right now I am super
super excited can't even contain my
excitement so as you all know this is my
900-horsepower whatever guinea
Budokan for monday is my baby
Oh literally this car is my baby hey hey
hey shut up
anyways I also have a friend a mini
friend his name is titus also known as
mini Jake Paul y'all know him
mini jake paul slash do i do do i do
that and titus loves Lamborghinis as
well he legitimately cannot stop talking
about them that is all he wants in his
life he asked for it for Christmas
roll the clip all right tell him what
you want a Lamborghini and not only that
he has a poster of a Lamborghini in his
room and said he said this said he was
gonna have a Lamborghini one day and
guys that day and hard on this project
for it to come to fruition but I
legitimately created an exact replica
literally I created this car in a tiny
little miniature perfect version for
mini Jake Pollock it is a mini
Lamborghini perform on Tesh
same color and
everything and it's an RC car and it
actually drives and I'm going to give it
to mini Jake Paul today he is coming
over he has no idea what's going on I'm
going to surprise them I'm freaking out
guys like this is all this kid wants and
I just like to make people happy so put
your vlog belts on get ready for today's
emotional slash awesome rollercoaster
ride if you're new here my name is Jake
Paul you guys are the Jake Pollard's and
welcome to the team and house
chimichanga it's good morning party
people are welcome to the most fun house
on the internet that is a verifiable
fact it feels so good to be back in Los
Angeles here at home guys oh my gosh
this is the guys I just wake up and I'm
just like yo look at that my yo we got
to go pick up this mini Lambo I want you
guys to see it this is like a big deal
for me I love giving gifts to people
although I gave I bought I bought Chad
pepper a car you guys know Chad pepper
also one of the killer Klown suspects
but I bought him a car and he bought
himself a car yeah he disregarded that
and then bought him his own car and this
is his car guys
yo why would you get this bro this car
dude look at you you look like a soccer
mom with this dude or like you just look
like come on Chad this is not as cool as
the one I got you like let's be honest
dude 100% true but stall me when I pull
out in traffic you know it's about
character Chad that's what makes it
unique so what the hell is this one
yeah that's Nick Crumpton you're Nick
Crompton's killing it dawg
I bought you a car and then you bought
another car no one has respect for me
around here man she could sell I love
Instant Karma moments queer oh oh
we just take a moment and give ourselves
like a little a little pat on the back
because I feel like team ten has like
the dopest car collection out of anybody
yo check it
they're so dope man we have taste in
that car yeah no one else appreciates
cars sake I'm gonna know it's just like
buys G wagons and calls him me at ease
and then thinks it's all like cool I
mean it's dope but like everybody has G
wagons anyway so
good morning Apollo come on what are you
doing buddy the Jay Paul are say hi
they miss you they miss you while I was
in your have you been good guys i Jake
polish that we have some good news we
have some bad news the good news is is
Apollo has a lot of followers on
Instagram the bad news is I think Athena
is pregnant legitimately we have to go
get her checked but like if Athena
actually is pregnant you can go to fans
right I call back sighs Jack Pollack get
yourself a puppy right now agent Joe
yeah the fans want to know if we're
going on tour info is coming very soon
morning chance any chance what are you
doing ro wash my hair why don't you just
go all the way in you guys are out of
breath I've been training for this CSI
play Tom and kept topshe I know that's a
problem like if this fight happens
without DJ his little brother I
legitimately am going to eat a pizza
while boxing him I say bolt won the
Olympic gold medal before you at the
gold that's what you're trying to say oh
it's chance ananthan you guys complete
each other okay
look at these kids man yo if you're a
gamer like I respect that but don't let
it take over your life you gotta go out
there you got a smile every day you
gotta work hard every day you got to
chase your dreams but if you just play
games from fun like seriously don't let
it take over your life you know like
look at this guy he used to film my
vlogs now fortnight only rest in peace
Nathan Cirillo nation we gotta go bro we
gotta go look right now we're stopping
boom guys yo here at West Coast Customs
the one and only guys I had to put down
on my Dillon in charge of this project
for this Lambo to turn out like a God
Church yo that is gnarly it's literally
a mini Lambo game we just better pray
wouldn't you
down at the bottom by the day when it
should open bake it but I feel this bad
I say what he chose
counted a lawyer but yo this brings me
to my next point everything in life
comes full circle look at this car right
now guys that is literally like one of
the sickest cars that I've ever seen and
it's the exact car that I bought for
Chad this could be your car bro like
messed up you're messed up Oh bro
instead you have a mom car what are you
doing like legitimately look how cool
Chad's car could have been man yo house
reyne bro it's guys if you remember I
jumped rain bro
roll the clip I broke like the front
radiator thing and not only did I break
the front radiator but like the frame is
broken the a-arms it's destroyed but yo
without any further ado its mini Lambo
time let's go let's go
Titus is here
it's almost time guys oh my gosh what's
up buddy Apollo missed you I missed you
those ice cream cone shoes guys yeah
they're pretty low huh
okay I have the mini Lambo set up here
red bow and everything how sick is this
right
I wish you love me like that as a kid
well I did and that's why you bought me
a Harley I just wanted to know Titus I
love you little buddy this one's for you
let's go getta and what do you want
Santa to bring you
what
a Lamborghini
a Lamborghini Lamborghinis we're leaking
this the Lamborghini
hey you want to go fast know what you
want for christmas you wanna play with
my Lamborghini okay let's go come on
buddy are you ready yeah okay
I have a big surprise for you do you
know what it is okay good what did you
ask for for Christmas
oh you asked for a Lambo
Wow you're only three you can't get a
Lambo yeah do you like this color do you
want one what if what if tightest I told
you stand right there
stand right there all right what if I
told you that I got you a Lamborghini do
you like it do you like it you like it
are you happy I just push the pedal oh I
think I think it's dead I think it's
dead there we go
it's dead it's dead I ruin everything
bro yo ready put the gas down put the
guess down is it going it's going it's
going it's going
yeah oh my god Vinny Jake balls in a
mini Lambo let's go
yeah high five high five is your day
better now is that better now is this
what you wanted for Christmas are you
happy are we best friends yo but now
it's time to take the most epic
Instagram picture so smile at the camera
so he's literally getting all the girls
already are these your girlfriends
Savage oh my god he's a beast join the
strongest team on YouTube that's that
but thank you so much for supporting me
on a day-to-day basis I couldn't do any
of these things about you guys so just
all I couldn't say is Ellie and all I
can say is like I can't describe how
much I love you guys you're my mouth all
right join the everyday drunk movement
it's the hottest brand of apparel in the
world that's an absolute fact guys and I
will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday Roberts join the everyday Pro
movement people and count yourself some
of the hottest urged in the gang go
right now because the shake collars sell
everything out and subscribe button join
the most lit youtube channel on YouTube
I'll see you all tomorrow
