oh my god shaking yeah
or water think I'm having a logic rash
110 baby there pretty late watch out
maybe watch out
if you're new here my name is Jake Paul
you guys are there Jake colors and we
are the most lit YouTube channel that
there is hashtag fat guys put your vlog
belts on you don't even know what is
about to go down today that's the second
thing today you need to calm down buddy
I know this is the most lit YouTube
channel but calm
allow me to explain just just a little
bit guys that's not what we're doing
that mean we're doing that but that's
not what we're doing in the vlog anyways
there's a lot going on but here's the
thing and it's a big thing that's the
other day you guys saw Erica had a
little bit of a problem you know wife
Erica she was too beautiful so
everywhere he went every guy was like
looking at her whistling at her and so
this was our solution no you're too hot
what do you mean over gone however we
have a little bit of a problem now
because if she goes out into public by
herself and a guy is hitting on her she
needs to be able to defend herself
unfortunately I'm in a teacher how to
pepper spray somebody and that somebody
is is me and whoever else is down it's
about to get late guys you can get like
seriously hurt or like lose like vision
I don't know but like it's for Erica
she's BAE you know sometimes you just
gotta take one for the team because no
one else here was down to get pepper
sprayed I called Tony this morning and I
was like yo let's keep pepper sprayed
and he was like mm-hmm roll the clip
team 10 gets pepper sprayed
however guys it's a beautiful day here
in sunny California I want to make sure
you guys are smiling I want to make sure
you're dabbing on them haters
I want to make sure you guys are
accomplishing your goals chasing your
dreams changing the world and joining
the everyday bro movement so smash that
subscribe button
put your vlog belts on like I said and
let's get ready for today's madness
just arrived in California straight from
ass shot going
are you trying to hit this ledge shed
you ow last time we hit this ledge guys
we're at Chad's car and it went
completely wrong
oh when the Jake Pollard's taking out we
come back for the W baby cuz all it is
is a little bit of shake and bake baby
but guys let me get you caught up to
speed because a lot of stuff happened
yesterday guys we got these here mini
drift cart thingies and things got wild
also yesterday guys I got the dopest
bedroom fish tank I'm actually so
obsessed with the guys if you haven't
seen it check it out oh yo like I've
seen a lot of dope things that's dope oh
no so however guys you're still not
caught up to speed yet after the vlog
yesterday we decided to go out as a
family and celebrate my 21st birthday in
Los Angeles of being a little social
butterfly
so cool I'm a social butterfly I'm a
social bot
I'm a social butterfly
hey but yo while we were there um how do
I say this some drama unfolded
what happened was we invited someone who
and I have to kind of be quiet here
because Nick is in the other room we
invited somebody who we think is gonna
be a great fit for 14-10 he is a new it
would be a new member we invited them
out to hang out with us to get a vibe
hang out hang out with the crew nope but
Nick let's say doesn't approve Nick was
Nikki's mad he's not he's not stoked
about yeah he's not and so this
conversation happened this morning guys
we've been having Oh Ryan your ID
follows around with this reality camera
to capture moments that like normally
wouldn't be captured he's basically like
recording on everything that we're doing
uh and and this this kind of happened
this morning Nick so salty though I
don't know why we're still talking about
this yeah bro here's like honestly
here's the thing is is that like we like
team ten can't just be like like we need
a grow team ten it's a business you know
what I'm saying like
I think I I think I like him he's super
no look I
I get where they're coming from and I
know that I sound stupid and insane and
just selfish like he was a nice guy but
no you're saying you want to be the only
game man that's exactly what I'm saying
I mean it's what we you guys are so
different
you're so different why do you want to
be the own like I get because it's what
makes me special and then if I'm but no
but yeah you're Nick Crompton bro that's
what I'm saying like dude yeah I get I
know buddy since the opposite it doesn't
matter if he's gay or not like there's
true she's like work yes Nick's gay I
personally didn't think that Nick would
have like gotten offended by it at all I
didn't think about it until he like
actually brought it up no you want your
respect you're all like leaned over like
scrub I'm just making a bagel there's no
point talking about this anymore
what j√°nos in the last so you're
actually being serious though yeah
charlie just trying to sign another
weight your gait you Chad I hit change
and especially bringing someone else in
you into this and also them being gay
look at us bro look at us take the head
off fix your hair we're the same cha-cha
school football player I do see where
he's coming from and you know sometimes
you have to make sacrifices and if
that's what he wants like if if I know
that Nick would do what I wanted to do
and so I figure I have to do the same
for him but at the same time like I'm
gonna still try to get this guy to grow
on him are you on whose side are you
guys on yeah he's super cute it's a
mixture of everything no are you gonna
listen to what the fuck is going on in
your head right I am a logical person
I'm pretty smart so I know how pathetic
this sounds but I still can't help but
feel because I want to be the only gay
person I don't know why it doesn't sit
well with me what are you whispering for
now just speak
I think it's better for the team and I
think in the long run Nick will agree
with my decision no no I just think it's
gonna cause friction Nick will
eventually start to like them and maybe
date bro now he's more easy he's really
dope actually so as you could tell
there's a lot of tension uh it's we're
gonna work it out buddy come on
bring it in bring it in we're gonna work
it out I actually I'm grateful that you
all are being patient
everything dog family first I thought
you know unlike other team den members
however guys had just checked the watch
and it's a pepper spray time who is your
Donny hello Chad you're always down yes
in your eyes it's crazy
it goes in your lungs - you guys are
going to how bad it is I know this down
the guy from last night
no I'm down bro I feel like you just
need to try everything one time it is
gonna suck and like bad for Erica it's
for Erica it doesn't really help cave
caterers and Jake years we need to get
pepper spray and we need to get milked
and milk is gonna drown out the hotness
from our eyes guys
all right we're getting milk guys um one
percenter thin stuff I'm gonna pour
organic milk on my eyes yeah you stay
healthy kids bujji the pepper spray guys
oh no it's bedazzled so that she can be
fierce but still protect herself
oh my god just like fierce and
fashionable it says so cute it hurts oh
my god
I honestly think that we're screwed
correct you're getting pepper sprayed
later if anyone wants to come
you want a pepper spray your dad let the
strangers but baby no now in a grocery
store like there'll be a scene in a half
I'd win a Grammy
I wouldn't what's the movie whenever
Oscar the Grammys are tonight though I
think that's like relevant just say
crabby it's an award what do you mean it
does matter
Grammys means he's still rolling yeah
okay you're fired
finally offer you like if a guy comes up
and hits on you in public you gotta beg
and I'm volunteering exactly kids
whatever you guys do do not do this at
home like seriously don't try this don't
play with pepper spray do it straight
shot this is so easy to air
hypothetically saying this is what the
scene would be you don't don't spray yet
but it'd be like this hey are you okay I
think you're hot yeah this is for you
this curves
figure out your line of aim off to my
left side or Jake's right side and then
across komak oh that's the same guy yeah
bro you're about to do pepper sprayed oh
my god finger and she touched herself
video is over Erica pepper spray I
always have my shades alright new I
don't say this a lot this is dumb ready
okay guys I think I'm having allergic
reaction I feel so bad I'm back I've
recovered CJ got his mouth I just got it
I'm across my forehead of my eye
see I was chill cuz I never opened my
eyes and then I wait for a severe
glimpse it ruined it yeah yeah they you
so much for watching Jake followers you
have yourselves a house the Richard that
gave that door a go grab that tape all
right I'll see you guys in Bob Wilkins
every day ropey join the everyday Pro
movement people and count yourself some
of the hottest sports in the game go
right now because the shake collars sell
everything out and smash that subscribe
button and join the most lit YouTube
channel on YouTube I'll see you all
tomorrow
well to the right you guys look for me
