good morning Jake polish what is going
on people hope you are having a great
day the day for me was awesome had a lot
of ups and downs which I'm going to talk
about make sure you guys stay tuned make
sure you're smiling make sure you're
dabbing on the haters and make sure
you're working hard we're about to hit
the gym but let me narrate this day for
you so it started off on set oh boy cuz
I'm an actor bruh je crois give me a
hard hat one day what did you throw at
me a light bulb British I don't know
probably anyone ever scream that loud
before you're done can you give me a
heart attack
yeah the power is really fat Jon food
you want you're late
oh this is something they'll actually
get us fired this will get us fired yeah
I let's do it no that's the keys bro we
did it now you want to be a part of the
fun I'm not down to go out throw you
later
no don't jump pipeline don't you look at
my whip game I'm marking I'm marking it
okay I use this for a second what are
you thinking you're gonna hurt yourself
go 250 class to use okay exactly as
easily use it you got it even driving
something even he stole the thing
someone the fire and people say that
Ethan copies everything I do and I've
been believing until now yeah what is
that
nothing was that nothing man is that is
that a blog camera bro you copy
everything I do it's actually copying
Logan okay who's that
looking at all I don't know who that is
see that just shows character no excuse
are you vlogging when you start vlogging
I'm not lying we should scare one more
time yeah sorry I love you I like your
hat you like my hat on Disney Channel no
okay back to you Jake and then I flip
and came back to the team ten house and
for usual thing just sexual
we friends really need friends
we have each other yeah so the police
emailed the person up on this house
showed them the video : fire a boil they
showed them the video of the pool on
fire
so emailed me and said call me ASAP have
you call them no we're probably getting
you kicked out yeah we're moving into
that house Sam bro you guys might get
deported though China are you joking no
no it's very real
I like a here I mean I would kick us out
yeah I kicked myself out yeah I rescued
you
well Bobby are some eyes on his own do
some more great stuff now yeah see is we
got 30 days is the most crazy stuff on
that that is true because if we're
getting kicked out then that means we
have a countdown of the stuff that we
can do in 30 days especially it's just
coming yeah all my supposed to go
tanning at night if I don't have a place
to stay yeah I don't go tanning but you
know I look just super super tan and
there's no Sun in LA I want that a stone
basic make that stage oh my god us
stagecoach who did you go see Jeff iake
did you yes yes yes was it worth the
time oh my god wait wait
you didn't have artists passes Oh
hashtag or or yeah you're paying enough
well now you're fired yeah you know no
there's no sorry Bobby demon in there
I'm not trying to take out your sister
fourth grader you like ah you're so
annoying I was right then I came up with
this crazy idea you know and it's push
things up a love it
watch team 10 gather gather gather up I
got a game I got a game are you ready
for game you want to know what the game
is tell me oh wait yeah yeah oh did you
guys make up no I didn't talk to him yes
but I love this is awkward right now or
no the other you're back you back up
right now like for real
like to brand new camera stuff this is
all the motion I'm a probably picture -
oh no any time the stimul comes out I'm
slightly worried you spin it you waxed
it what kind of wax what are you talking
about we write down like leg arm bus
body wax chat nipple spin it you getting
waxed off - cool man you down Eric are
you down you're hairy
if you were hairy if you airy wait till
date you can leg no back
yo yo yo wait wait why wait
face face face okay you like it nipple
Oh God took us explosive that's yeah
armpit oh you've got to do it Martinez
no no
you have a lot yeah we're putting it
down I'll put it over here like you got
really unlucky stomach so if you pull it
if you let the wax dry I think it's too
much or if you pull it up there on
English and they like rip your skin off
your skin your skin oh yeah who wants to
go first
either oh wow I wanna get it out of the
way whenever you wear short you look
like an idiot like at the gym tonight Oh
Erica
can you accent yeah hey which one you
want
now there's melted wax these strips
aren't working ah ah that you got it my
brother we should go to what I feel like
when you were in Spain your English got
worse yeah really
Hey Thank You Man not a compliment no
okay okay really yeah
cool man are you just talk and they
don't know anything they're just like
really you know what they're saying what
did that Sookie shoot him Tony
I feel like turn my mic up for you guys
to just like Oh Thomas fine the mics not
even taking it alright whenever you get
you guys Wow
come on all right you're up oh yeah -
same reaction oh my god yo selling on
eBay
Martinez - is there a link in
description
- I feel like somewhere that you buy k2
got it still on tinder you have a hairy
stomach bro bro
yeah I'm able to label the hair so we
could sell them on ebay later I smell
money
ah you think Kate has enough popularity
to sell his on eBay or no yeah okay
he's literally crazy it's the devil this
is the best day of my life
all right Chad how do you tell em what I
think you got this one you're running
back you axes what now you got it
you're still going over there ready Chad
you're getting your butt oh I've always
want to get my boat wagging my Erica hey
is that on your attender profile waxing
professional vault waxer because I would
swipe right on that you are what do you
do where you at right now
willow
Cheng's I can't fill it oh geez turn Oh
nipple ooh I swear every lines on the oh
I'm gonna cry no no oh wow whoo baby
Erica baby baby
let me become wax alone and dead already
still it's so much Jill come on ah I
love you mom it's just how we do it
oh ha ha last one save the best for last
please you nipple I want back here like
leg I want more something stupid
nipple Oh baby bro oh you want to do
your back and said yeah I don't mean to
be weird but I have to stand here what's
going on with that was good I was like
what did I or the camera adjoint be man
oh my god that's so much I feel like ah
holy moly no no no I think that's
sellable on eBay
we're almost there almost anything like
okay I always plug I mean I can't be mad
and that's why God we're gonna wax
off-camera we said we're going to speak
West Nick and he heard us he started
running then guys like I said at the
beginning of the vlog and I hate to
bring the mood down because you know how
like I'm a positive person I am but like
this is my vlog this is my life
sometimes things aren't so beautiful and
so golden so as some of you might have
heard one of my friends big black was
his name he died you probably saw him
from robbing big I literally watched him
growing up and like he was such a big
big inspiration to me and I always
looked up to him I always aspired to
create my own fantasy factory that's
what I like I'm trying to do it seems
head and create this like super fun
environment and to find out that like
someone who is literally in in these
vlogs like two months ago died is just
like it's so sudden and heartbreaking in
that I only got to spend like a day with
him but he was like my hero growing up
and I really think he like changed the
entertainment industry but I think these
things like happen and the only way to
deal with it is to remember him for how
great he was and how many people he
inspired and how many people he made
laugh on a day-to-day basis and how many
people's life's he's touched so I just
want to give like a little montage of
like the moments that we had together
because he is awesome so here's that
I mean Jake Paul is like I'm heartbroken
I texted his manager my wishes go out to
his family hope everything is okay he
was like it's so crazy and I kind of
want to use this moment as a lesson to
like have you guys live your life to the
fullest and never take a day for granted
no one knew he was gonna die happen so
suddenly we all can learn from that to
like push yourself to your limits every
single day pursue your passion never
stop living life to the fullest because
you never know when that moment is
coming for you or for your loved one I
hate to like again bring the bring the
positivity down but this is real life
and I think you guys can all learn from
this I know that I'm going to take this
as a lesson and I'm going to continue to
inspire as many people as he did and
work my hardest so big black I love you
and rest in peace thank you for all your
work Jake Pollard's go out there and let
me kill it for him to live for him take
Polish we love you big black everyone
use this as a lesson and go out there
and change the world today Jake cause I
will see you tomorrow because it's every
day bro Bruce
take Pollard's what cop and check out
this new March whoo that marches hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow poof
