Jake how do you know you just tell me to
stop reading he's gonna read and check
it yo he breathing is he breathing is he
breathing sorry
good morning Jake Pollard's and welcome
to my life right now I'm standing in the
middle of traffic hopefully I don't get
hit by these cars that are coming but
guys today I hope you're working hard I
hope you're smiling and I hope you keep
on stabbing on the haters man we're out
here in Los Angeles we're gonna start
this morning out with the flippin bang
let's do this thing
yo what is up guys but uh good morning
welcome early a.m. how are you guys good
what is this it's a tennis ball cannon
suits about 40 95 miles an hour so
basically I got a text and it was like
Oh bro come on over and we're gonna
shoot tennis balls in my garage at 95
miles per hour and try and dodge them
yeah well I'm not only half of also
locked in my garage right now thanks to
the cubicle I think of less Super Bowls
I was neurotic by the way we have no
idea how this work that's right okay
it's gotta be coming here we end up by
either swim ins with Piper's in the pool
or the doctor and that's why that's why
I love you
Louis gay you know what you're like
you're like the older brother that I
never had aa satisfied look because look
look I got the hair so I'm saying bro my
older brother's low then you don't have
the cojones to do this so I'm saying I
want to do this a lot boy let's go away
let's go you test it all right the
Asians and their brother
you've got efficience in there
I don't know this one this one oh my god
we're gonna stand it well is there we go
I was going to make it so straight yeah
that was cool of course let's stand in
front of it now first shot here please
and I got hit in the dick
okay well good morning I am away the
capper - what is over no one yes sorry
take long far out do
yo all right awesome hanging out guys
later yeah and then it was time Jake
where'd you come from
ah hey I'm just helping to narrate the
vlog don't mind me don't mind me but
then it was time to go to set because
I'm a doctor bro okay so I want to be
mean to you because it's your birthday
but um in this week's episode today they
literally have a line where they call
you a human mistake so how do you feel
about that in this week's episode you
literally have three lines are we
bringing up the episode and value of
importance I would rather have three
lines thank you cause thank you God that
you want to say whatever you need that's
how unfunny you are they give you as
little lines as possible the reason they
call me a mistake is because I'm a comic
relief of the show I look funny anyway
how old are you 15 then why do they put
four candles on your birthday cake
please for your four you know why bro
it's because that's how many gold medals
have won the freakin Olympics I don't
want to be like too mean to you it's
been awesome like seeing you grow up how
is it were we when you met I was 12
I'm like his big brother guys and so I
got you a gift that you ready it's a
small small get you with me yeah it's a
small there you go bro I got you this
for your birthday
you got me your merch for my birthday
yeah well done bro it's garbage you like
it dude look look we could twin and
everything you like camel I know you
like him oh yeah I know you're like
basically from Ohio you're eating KFC ow
oh my gosh I forgot it's Ohio fried
chicken not Kentucky Fried Chicken
oh wow
see results may vary any health or
medical issues are not alcohol oh wow
that's I'm saying bro you look good
right now like that's the best you've
looked in a long time thanks man
I was just about to compliment your
merch but you know that little
underhanded swipe comment on be that
wench down that the merch link is in the
bio to tell the buzz yes lighting okay
hey guys make sure you go to the bio
because uh this is actually insanely
comfortable for merge so go buy it and
like really good prices super super good
friends always plug kids always on blogs
we gotta have money for Lambos ambo dirt
back I'm converting everyone to Ohio and
then it was time to act so I acted like
I'm not I'm on Disney Channel multiplet
and then I made my way back to the team
ten cruiser one hey we might go bro did
you miss me today been gone all day
I like your shirt - yeah I like your
shirt yo we're 20 I'll let you finish -
be nice I go that's awkward yo told you
did you miss me grow I love you let's do
today let's do today did you miss me
mm-hmm you didn't miss me mm-hmm
everyone else missed me nice nice
barbecue
yeah you just Rolly barbecue it's not
good no it's not with me L don't tell
why she's the watch of the vlogs
yes that's it all right cool no what
nataly's is going on bro poppin bro
besides a father's closed the door
all right we need to talk to you plums
are down interesting what the hell
other's ears yeah you don't like this at
all yeah we're gonna talk to you about
it right so then should we plan that you
think we're cute Hey a steak dinner
this is what we actually want to talk
about ready three two one oh we have to
go or are you going on your tinder
profile how they got me on bumbles and I
actually saw my ex-boyfriend there did
you just let right at us I thought this
way
so let's mmm and a lot thickens so you
looking for a boyfriend I'm just curious
if you hasn't known enough they're good
enough
like what's up at that oh there's like
there's a multitude of dudes here no
there is you're right but you guys both
have girlfriends I heard no so clarify
that yeah well she's me over here so I
don't I don't say so I really like Tamas
are you guys are normal no okay girl
we're done here we're done here
you're fired you're fired their
microwave ex-boyfriend Rick obsession
your ex-boyfriend
which one oh my god you are not funny
kid you're fired too
look Erica go go now you're fired max -
yeah you're good
oh yeah yeah party and air concern but
yo I just fired all of them they're
coming back that's all hump her bed
hi oh oh you know and give me my fidgets
on me this team can finish your wardrobe
anything - Oh Josie oh sure give me the
fidgets better now available you can't
fire the CEO must yes but
whoa man I miss you measure back that'll
jump let you back in get him out
come on security move faster ah yo y'all
ready oh I love this house and then it
was time for me to get revenge on Amanda
because I lost the fitness challenge the
other day and so I've had this whole
scheme to get her to kiss me
check it all right guys so we just got
to Amanda's house so we're about to play
a serious prank on there guys basically
I've done this drink before and if you
guys know the back story you know that I
keep on trying to get kissed by Amanda
she actually took my RDMA from it and
it's time to get a little bit of revenge
so the prank is we go up to a room and
we tell her that we're playing this new
youtube trend called hold your breath
challenge I was gonna hold your breath
challenge so I stick my head in water
and actually I'm trying to hold my
breath I'm actually gonna let go for as
long as I can and then when I come up
I'm going to actually get passed out and
then you guys has a prompter freak oh
good what do you need one pump yeah
welcome all unless you get it did you
get a kiss me so this is the video clip
of me doing it before and it's
successfully working so I think it's
gonna work again yeah work if it was
Rolex light rolled on my god ah and uh
no are you Amanda
oh you're Amanda honey we're gonna shoot
hey Amanda do it hi oh there's that easy
hi I'm good how are you oh yo what's up
how are you brush your teeth
Agassi kale so healthy and fit that's
like white gold
so there's like this trend on YouTube
it's called the hey come on I got on a
toilet paper come on into the bathroom
there's a trend on YouTube called the
hold your breath challenge just going
viral
oh yeah sorry yeah so basically what you
do is you put that I've only brought
that know I hold my breath and then yeah
and then you see if you can beat it are
you betting something again no it's just
a challenge I basically take my head and
like you have a sink you have one of us
yes I stick my head into the sink and
see how long I can hold my breath kind
of Neil go after me and why do you need
the water for the design you can't
breathe you can breathe through your
nose without so let's find us a good
question does she wants to stay she
wants TV Watchi boots no girls don't
poop we're bad bad bad I can only
imagine that Anthony's got a timer do
you think you can beat me yeah you get a
hold in your breath hold your breath
challenge
Tony ready on the timer oh I'm ready
okay Rick on your mark Tony's gonna set
the timer accordingly times on how
pretty yeah that was good oh wow little
gesture Jake feels like it's a lot of
work to keep your head in the water
you're saying that's going to take away
from me about yeah just like not the
most comfortable position yeah she might
be right she might not I feel like it's
easier that way
any bubbles no bubbles don't years are
out so you can talk Oh Jake Oh like the
Titanic
oh wow guerrilla tactics ha Oh
42 close or just drop it out already -
OH
don't you did you good that's tough
yo Jake oh hey straight no jiggle shake
shake nice chain Oh Jake how do you like
this yo you just stop you to stop
breathing he's gonna grade and check it
you always be breathing lazy breathing
keep breathing
yeah reading no yo yo yo your mouth oh
oh oh no oh God are you kidding yeah
oh I need you back for the fitness
challenge that's like our first kiss oh
my god I am just like my heart oh I
didn't know how to probably purely be
focus thank you for saving my life
your god it's true relationship bulls
oh my god exactly that means you care
about me I don't have to do it right no
no there's nothing no trend driving a
thing no no you don't do that no yeah so
Jake Pollard's today has been so much
fun I'm jumping around and we're about
to get swole at the gym baby you know
how it is you gotta want it but before
that today's post notification shout-out
goes through Latoya Witter Latoya thank
you so much for having my post
notifications turned on guys if you want
to post notification shout out all you
have to do is turn on my post
notification and comment when you're
done also check out this new March and I
will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday purse
Jake Pollard's what pop and check out
this new March that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time put
the link make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it see you guys tomorrow
peace
