all right Jake Pollard's has to be
low-key right now but we just got to
this house that we're looking at buying
it's pretty lit follows what so this is
going on guys today it was absolutely
insane I'm an Air Races whole day for
you guys stay tuned make sure you smile
it make sure your dad and optimatus and
make sure you're working hard so this
morning we started out at a car show so
I woke up this morning came and the
biggest problem that I was having was
which car do I job you know I mean I
deal with it every day uh Choza for I
know simple deficit her car got to find
another one which on average
whoo take polish we're out here at this
car show right now doing our rich people
things out looking at potential box cars
& coffee you know just seeing what's out
there on the market
yeah for sale I'm trying to buy a few
hundred so if you have yeah Sunday
morning yeah relaxing yeah and a life
you know check out these cars that we're
going to buy all these cars in this
montage here shall watch see okay it
looks like Stan's car then we blew heads
up go it nah
don't worry mine's coming soon you're
not gonna be alone
calm down everyone was still asleep so I
had to wake up so that we get cleanse of
the evil spirits that literally live in
a house where God wake up brush up on
you wake up well he's just going to
sleep under there rose by more
comfortable The Exorcist guy is coming
he's going to cleanse us we need chance
but it was told them that and Erica come
on I got wake up I am ah no you're not
wake up you knows what to be here The
Exorcist guy I'm leaving then why he's
gonna cleanse you you're the demon no
you're a demon we go crossing this Texas
guy and Chad are here what's going on
we're gonna figure out this I'm in jail
he would say any thought of bad energy
no you made me think I had a demon in my
gonna say nope nope I'm out you know we
out we out just as we out we all out you
have no idea like the pool is destroyed
bro it's literally a fireplace sorry
David so the way back now yeah so what
else is there to say look at it and then
we realize that we had two leftover
Roman candles
take anymore fire we'll have another
bonfire in the pool come out roast
marshmallows this is the classic I don't
have makeup on some actually come see
you guys keep fighting fire so I'm gonna
move out you look great Erica ash like
jessa and then we realized that chance
was missing yo dudes or chances where is
he bro I got snot from him and he was
wearing the same clothes he was last
night I don't know what that what did he
sleep here chance not sleep here before
so like where we where is no chance to
text me he said his body no Vinnie boo
Hajji a girl found all signs point to a
girl time
Tesla's gonna be that he might have been
at a guy's house where were you bro
always reppin the virgin I just had to
make some sales you know I was telling
merch no what were you doing o'clock in
the streets I'm out here grinding while
you guys like you you were wearing this
last night yeah all exact same we got
photo documentation yeah you're wearing
those underwear last night you suck as
an actor seconds next time will you
clean I'm clean boys not sometimes in
life grow grow oh yeah yeah yeah
subscribe and then legit no joke it was
kind of for an exorcism like there's
ghosts in our house real you just don't
walk please a kid clinically okay so as
you could tell this place is haunted we
have an extra bed in here because I
won't sleep alone basically we played
with a Ouija board and this guy named
Eric is haunting us I think he's in this
closet over there look at see she's
taking pills and stuff there's a demon
inside this happened that's I'm saying
if you were being you guys invited a
spirit with the Ouija board so now he
has legal access to your house so what
we're going to do I'm going to invoke
the presence of stop because the reason
why do that because one God's like the
biggest dog out there which they get
spirit we inherited I feel like nothing
can beat him sometimes will cry
sometimes people laugh it's not like out
of you know can point to the fact that
God is working one you know ultimately
never get on it never gonna that be -
you're never gonna let never gonna let
no demon look never gonna let me down
I'm never gonna let no we're gonna let
me invite your presence Holy Spirit fill
us up right now fills room squad
throughout the whole house we just
released the Angels the angels of the
Lord right now to be released acclaim we
really sorry come but i just holy oil
yeah it's holy oil I'm gonna give it to
you acid for your house so this is what
you do close your eyes
alright so you might feel heat tingle
Holy Spirit like yeah you know it's
normal he loves you focus on God's
lovely I'm on anoint your head with oil
5x9 Holy Spirit we just trailer your
cleansing presence upon him we break off
right now
she got Monsanto right now and Jesus
name feel weird fill it up fill up
everything this guy I see healing in
your hands man yeah have you felt that
yourself that yeah that's weird so bad
more this you know I had in Hockfield
see the feeling in your hands man I'm
blessed you got more alright it's better
so bad a lot better yeah I don't look
better alright get the demon up here you
are gaming shop
no oh stop all right you're literally a
demon yeah this is one night things are
like funny but then they're not this
door literally just goes flying cliff I
forgot I thank you for aircraft right
now just slow the past except for her
Jesus healing from the cover his release
healing in Jesus name right now they
just left what's on her life god bless
the presence you receive Holy Spirit
what about really she not a Monsanto
more more all right you stop that joke
yeah what was a joke I don't know I got
out of the power of God actually feel
better I feel lighter you have a demon
out of you yeah I mean yeah I think I'm
demon free scoffs Patek
has been over you matched how do you
know I didn't need on you it radiates
off of you you almost died like every
day forever the backing up a step you
follow me in Instagram I follow you
through him so yeah thank you for take
Paula God thank you for the millions of
people that him testing in the millions
of more people that he will touch them
in weird places that this repeats fear
and nervousness God have you been filled
with the Holy Spirit before yeah thank
and that's what it was I can tell dark
out I just see you guys like his side
and I got he's picking you up in his
arms I know kind of weird but it was
what I'll sing and he just like kissing
you man
like this is God kissing you as it's
like as a son like your hips on tongue
and out on this one cheeks up are you
noticing anything I was chilling
sometimes unforgiveness can see a soul
is there anybody okay people think that
you have when you forgive somebody that
you have to immediately trust them again
you don't have to trust them again but
you do have to forgive because you
forgive with their problems you can
shoot a degree I'm just not gonna
leaving how the hell did you reading
that where I'm from so you got to
forgive and then once you forgive Holy
Spirit is going to fill you I'm come
back to you come on fill it up baby in
the name of Jesus just a last time you
use a Ouija board nope in the name of
Jesus bro thank you so much for
expunging our house
no problem high five it's gone there's
gone we're not gonna die guys
then guys I hope you remember her from a
long time ago this little savage kid
randomly showed up at my house
apparently he became a Jake parlor and
saw all the vlogs and his dad decided to
bring him back here this is what
happened what was that I used to kiss me
in a blog a while ago I was like showing
up a house is looking like it a little
Emily bar like his whole family got by
hey and I came with my family
what would you start I'm ready to sign
up 1410 and and I came here with the
blog was getting a lot of views so he
demanded we bring him back but uh so you
got you came and picked him up when he
was here last time randomly yeah he
facetiming he's let me know where was
that but now you guys found out who you
are and you just came you just came over
why not and he wants to join team ten
that's what he wants to do we let him do
what he wants I mean he's awfully why
they do this yourself I'm me imma win
Wow alright now I don't know can you we
talked about this for one second here
yeah unless your reaction kinda Greek
kinda creepy
yeah then we start talking though and
it's either God or so long they don't
think you got John Cazale wagon each
Latino yeah got bug that's another got
along that is really creepy do you want
to be a star alright come on in guys
come on in come on what's up man what
was your name again I forgot Ben I'm
Jake what's up Brandon Stephanie yeah we
just got rid of all the demons that I
have see other cell supposed to have to
put them to the test under John here he
comes in here go ahead vlog this vlog a
little oh that's not a song yeah okay
wow that's close good morning Jake
ballers good morning cake okay that's
the one way to do it
he does one of the traces new style it's
a new style good morning Jake ball does
that mean that um we can be the new
twins
oh so here bro we be the dis way
hey we're coming for the twin joins him
I mean talking about your a Jake parlor
and you and you know about then what do
you know about the time we jump on
trampolines you want me to
oh look look at that you want to put it
you want to put the merch on coming to
my house now put some on right on
you're not coming into my house and out
when I'm rc9 like that yep that's my boy
I love you I love you you can be our
merch link and file that's my boy hey
don't you think about it back that's why
oh there you go
yo where'd he go yeah do you want views
you where the Murtagh he wants you take
your shirt off
what's happening oh I'm going to get him
right bro on the program he's good as
well as every night now he's going to
come to the gym with us yeah five baby
you baby my baby right so 1920 yo he's a
legend Joe what's gonna once again right
after that anyone who can do 20 push-ups
consecutive I'm yeah both sure all right
then so the first day at the team
penthouse like do you want something
what do you want me food Dan a ban like
music we have a band like yeah we can
get one right now yeah I think we ready
let me uh I got one right all right oh
no which is CAI que Caden Johnson no you
guys are really a band look at makes you
a band right there my little man here
Ben yes for a ban what's your what's
your bang
yeah you're saving forever yeah you're
saving your music forever yeah so we're
going to pull it when you're done with
it you know I like the neck good name
great name
I mean now that you guys are here we
wanted to hear yes I kind of want
communal all you know but then wanted is
you you want music right you can play
something that would mean a lot but real
quick so that doesn't mean just like
break through time physics - yeah yeah
you ready
bro yo you guys killed it yeah yeah
we've been hit you want to have a dry
sauce cause team you love it now I'm all
sorts of compute it was really fresh
yeah Rose though where'd you get that
aisle in Siam oh it's the fire oh that's
my boy and then this so hey guess what
that's all right yeah so who's a winner
you know I don't get the Cuban cigars
there's five million to go I'm kidding
oh five million I said we should fan out
to each Yannick this light yeah help us
fight you oh yeah get up get up man yeah
oh that's just sex right
what do you mean this fight oh well so I
hit wish that that was button now I step
there well he scared you whoo my boy ran
then guys Jake dollars to ten the
Earth's
having that but we went out shopping
guys like we're looking for a new house
as I'm sure a lot of you guys know uh
and so here's a sneak peek at one of the
houses that we're looking at all right
Jake Pollard's has to be low-key right
now but we just got to this house that
we're looking at buying it's pretty lit
basically this giant house on this giant
piece of land it's like 80 acres some
kind of not allowed to be filming this
place is absolutely lit you can't even
tell how big it is I'm going to film it
on the way out but yeah we're house
shopping guys like it's official trying
to find the new team tent house but it
has to be like super late because this
is where we're going to be permanently
for the rest of time all right guys so
this is the this is kind of will give
you a preview of this
giant house it's a pretty lip it's
perfect but the goal is to turn it into
like a massive compound that has
everything imaginable from like a
racetrack to a basketball court to a gun
range to dirt bike jumps there isn't the
second house there it's like a multitude
of houses and it is basically like all
this land that we would like convert
into things like this is all still the
same house we're gonna try and figure it
out but I like it I like it
oh yes saying all of this dude where do
we move in wait to get here oh it's the
compound pick the caravan all right
we're gonna talk about me Rebecca thank
you so much yeah guys today was so much
fun
hopefully we can get in your house too
and clearly almost burnt down the other
day
Jake Mahler's I'll see you tomorrow
because it is it's everyday bro
peace Jake Pollard's what up and check
out this new March whoo that March is
hot for new items of merchandise
limited-time click the link make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on a daily basis and you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called
team 10 check it see you guys tomorrow
