bridge the gap bridge the gap oh yeah
good morning big colors and welcome to
my life if you learn science other it
like just a lot rather when you're here
in person but if you're new year out of
it fall
this is p10 and it's lit every single
day bro we're going to do some search up
today if you want to watch so like it
subscribe are you and Jake baller know
you vlog
no I mean we are starting the trick
shots now that's the car yeah go I think
I got it one take the top what's out
what's up he need some space okay show
him how oh hi Oh does it yeah it's like
birth like 9 a.m.
yeah hard security it's everyday bro are
you Jake Paula
no do you walk okay that dead are you in
a frat a Yuna frat you look like you're
in a friend look like you're from a
low-fiber a Latino
Sigma Frappuccino this girl came up in
take a photo with Anthony and then she's
like waiting for a photo images here
turns around it goes that tape almond
ago Ryan buddy we care about Anthony to
sure she didn't see me with him sorry my
friends from Ohio Oh baby I need a new
hairdo y'all got new hairdos you got new
hair for me mmm saying I do hair for me
what are you doing there baby
ooh ooh ooh Peter Piper Peter Pan do it
like that
oh yeah baby how he do that dad you
gotta bro you gotta bro you gotta bow
you would date him right thank you right
all of you guys oh if you were a little
bit younger
oh I love you hey beautiful ooh
the squad is on the move baby let's do
some time
we bought the vessel who from Kmart only
thing that came out with the base the
rim and the things that go on the side
of the backboard but there's no
backboard
what just alright well we're gonna go
get a new vegetable hoop movie back one
alligator it literally took us two hours
to build this basketball who we're about
to get started but before that yo check
out what just came in the mail jigsaw
camo shirt put it on put it on I put my
shirt on right now whoo yo that's what
I'm talkin about them guys we're only
going to be doing a limited edition to
run of these so they're only gonna be
available for a little bit but go to the
link in the description always plug kids
whoa
go look at this team right now guys
we're ready to hit up for chlorinator
for the next bolt for the rest of the
video that's it you guys are the jake
ballers Oh
and let's do some kick shots in five
four three two one
all right you guys we're gonna start
this one off with the prank I call this
one the Jake Palmer this one's for all
the haters
where you going going on even awake oh
this is called the toggle waffle snuggle
Fogle shot I'll go come on baby
oh yeah
this one's called off-the-wall double
ball wallet trickshot trickshot
trickshot this is the check Omaha XY
SpiderMonkey 3 2 4 0
check check on one winging it one more
yeah
that was so wrong Larry took like an
hour and a half let's keep on trick
shines this one's called the upper
Decker flapper chopper mother slippery
this one's called traffic trickshot
let's go
hey guys Jake Paulo he has on a vlog
that that guy that back this is called
the drive-by off-the-wall
hopefully we make it shot to pull a shot
you know get him get the ball ah no Jake
you're coming bro you forgot you forgot
we're doing the church at B oh you
forgot why'd you fall asleep
oh come on right now the trick shot okay
this one's called he's asleep on an old
lady
Dawes driving and I had a tree grow what
we do now - because you know we can't
make any more tricks no we're gonna sit
Wow got it like that time the bat big
nose meet you happy
this windowsills just a little shot
while working on the pan
Scala you were doing job here ah if you
were here this one calls the hole in the
wall shot watch what Oh so can we still
celebrate the first make or what yeah
three two
this is called the Tom Brady yeah yeah
okay okay okay okay
okay I'll come off really quick
did someone kiss me wait what oh wow the
law just happened right there we're
talking I guess my guy I want you to
push the heavy right now eggs you liked
it bro there's a double wall shot
monstermouth market now available high
rec center shopping
whoa Jake follow those trick shots were
hot oh but now we need to get rid of
some demons holy water take it easy okay
I think it worked me work to it she's
mama no chances the demon you guys have
this all wrong
go oh she's evil oh I think I helped
your hair go
if you are a demon we both may bury any
health or medical issues are not el
fault Oh get it get it
work smart not hard oh wow it's a go Wow
all fathers so your cleaner like
spotless I will clean this whole entire
pool with pressure washers make it
perfect but you have to fill it with
foam to make a foam pit you got yourself
a deal so does anyone know how much this
foam stuff close for a cup of cheese
fourth all right Jay Pollard's it's a
nighttime bonfire Saturday night we're
gonna make a bonfire this is illegal
we're using that whole couch as the fire
in this chair yo this thing - we don't
need this yo what if we put the whole
block born all right let's do this
it's like the police are gonna come oh
oh god it's audience Wayne
oh my god even have to okay all right be
careful quiz the gap bridge the gap oh
yeah no we're getting rid of the demons
bro someone get marshmallows can't get
marshmallows oh this has got to be
really toxic well oh really family rely
on fire oh this is bad
chance ronbo no we shit the fire still
be really secure hold it boys I don't
know it's bright oh my dog bro it's
ready it's going to be a kaboom whoa
does anyone ask it was enough okay all
right we should run I mean I think it's
fine
Erica erica hi oh oh oh not good Kate
not good case we've done a lot of dumb
things the dumbest thing right yeah
calling right now air glass so don't
call keys the weekly fire oh we go don't
leave right now that are gonna
Cumberland I'm not trying to I'm not
family
I don't wanna leave I'll take the fall
okay just staying with me oh my gosh
Jay Paul Oh whoo so basically a lot
happens a cop's game the fire department
came here to tell them to get out of our
day basically think about the cure yeah
to a hundred really really quick we go
0-2 on and really really quick you guys
like while this is happening if a cops
come like de-escalate the situation this
is how like innocent kids are getting
shot out there in America so I can't
stress it enough like listen to them if
they come to a rescue get on the ground
no say that question yeah I'm not a
resident but you are like we're
seriously do literally just do with it
seriously oh so it has been a very
little pun intended or was about trick
shot to the wall nothing else you got -
pretty cool I mean everyone watches yeah
but I I really I you can't put me on the
spot like that whatever works better
whoever looks like okay Jake callers we
will see you tomorrow because it's every
day Jake Pollard's what pop and check
out this new March ooh that marches hot
boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake vol 2 which you guys
can subscribe to right now and if you
want to see more content from everyone
in the house our group channel is called
team 10 should see you guys tomorrow
