No oh my gosh good morning Jake ballers
Russell I'm just going on guys I don't
you're having a great day because today
for us things got crazy part usual like
I said things got crazy like that's the
ghost right now Aaron is you all right
but but but let's dance check did you
talk you talk okay let's stay on track
guys this morning I went to set because
I'm a circle
what are you wearing dude what they put
me in there ah you can't film it bro
stop by your baseball god no I do if
you're Becca I'm gonna hit you I'm gonna
hit you
this is what they make is where I didn't
see him to miss I reckon and yet always
plug we're about to start activate a
horse-faced guy hey there he is
we got a viking guy i have golden room
in my own mouth we're about to axe bro
hey I'm canted me and Jake and I we made
terrible life decisions that were like
this Hoka man
I didn't just murder him so do you work
here yeah no my life is like a zero to
60 booty to floor toolkit for song it's
our ass it's a lot of cards that stand
for racing stuff no Ford Focus RS racing
stuff you're the typical look white 14
year old kids from a suburban area this
is my wardrobe this ain't like you put
your name on everything you're just like
a self-obsessed social media because the
merch sales are probably the more sales
are poppin let me tell you about the
marshal when I went to Lamborghinis new
houses no no no their bike when I went
to the Ford Focus RS it orange Sprinter
van yeah and then I was coming home from
set and I got a prank pulled on me guys
here is the back story of the whole
entire prank and then you'll see what
happened yo so as you guys know Jake
ranked me bad really bad he covered my
entire car and peanut butter yeah like
the whole thing like door handles
there's still peanut butter in places in
my car I'm finding now on the YouTube
video it looked cool like oh like Jake
clean my car that's Paul there's still
pieces of peanut butter in my car so I'm
like what do I have to do because I
can't stand for this I can't just let my
car be covered in peanut butter and do
nothing about it so I thought to myself
Jake needs a new paint job who doesn't
need
paint shop so I was like what would be
even cooler than peanut butter so what
if we could give his truck a chroma
paint job then you're like how do you
wrap your truck in chrome and I'm like I
can't I can't do that at all but what I
can do is I can get hundred rolls of tin
foil and wrap his entire truck I'm
talking every last single piece so that
when the Sun hits it look like that nice
chrome paint job we are trying to go for
well you know I can't do this alone so I
employed some help
who got something against Jay Paul so
what I helped me here they are that's
right boys and girls it's Chandni
they're gonna help because they got
something against Jay Paul's right yeah
what's wrong now Jake we take three of
us bleep the Midwest is the best about
to get this work boy know so I don't
know if you guys can see right here but
there's peanut butter all in this craft
in parts of my sunroof and like it's
still in door handles like I would given
someone a ride the other day and they
reached in here look at this are you
kidding me he did not really clean my
truck well I have a car so he didn't
really clean my car so Jake your trucks
about to be not really create not only
wrapping your trucks about it with it
all day Joyride son Oh Jake you got a
parking ticket
the pride never know about that problem
I still made it to the store about to
get enough tinfoil the cover is Tacoma
throw it in a bag we're going tinfoil
we'll see you back at the house oh no so
we just made it back to the house we use
Jake's truck to get the supplies sorry
cuz Wright's car that's how we do is
when you're a said son we low-key helped
him put peanut butter on your car but
like now we're gonna got you oh we need
two hot tubs already ready ready ready
pop pop pop hey there why that's us
that's us Phil here make sure to fall
over here right here I don't stop Paolo
that's me that's all right
yeah they were like oh god don't forget
yeah I know about around this truck we
are about to wrap the entire thing in
tinfoil and I'm gonna be like yo Jake I
got this new chrome paint job you got
BAM yeah
so we realized that this was a lot of
work and that we probably could not do
all this by ourselves so we employed
some fellow Jake Pollard's to help out
always what do you guys name science
Elizabeth and Alan oh they're champions
anyway help nonetheless because I know
how much Jake was - Jake par so why not
have them help us prank him and wrap it
struck coming together decent so a lot
of work to be done stuffy is a lot
harder than looks but I mean pretty good
deed got it I want to hold it I feel
like Jake this took so long this is
worse than the peanut butter to be
honest with you because I did both this
one suck but it didn't because look at
it oh my oh my god yeah that's hot we
got right here yeah that's how your
socks are for Terry Egyptian Chrome
maybe the 30 day info hording follow
clean the hood guys we didn't take that
off Thank You Kelly I said I'll look at
this so we got to learn in here
wow wow you guys are great on that thing
look at this down to the details we got
the tow hooks wrap we got all the tow
hooks wrapped up we didn't need like too
bad it's chromed out he was like yo Tony
hooked me up with the chrome I got you
bro listen I got a shipment from Italy
coming in Egypt Italy same thing doesn't
matter guys what we're saying is this
looks super hot that's really office man
so now we wait for Jake to come back the
goal is that he pulls in with his other
car right there and then he's going to
see this and freak out because you know
pull up and you're like he doesn't know
it's from Italy or Egypt or Persian you
know so that's it for my cam I'm
assuming the rest is going to be on
Jake's camera when he pulls in I'll try
to set this up somewhere in some type of
location so you guys see his reaction
getting out of the car in case he's not
already filming let's see what Jake
thinks so I'm driving home in this room
right here my hair my here no oh my gosh
Oh bro
what did they do oh my gosh this is my
truck right now oh my gosh is your
revenge
oh maybe we thought you needed a new
paint job oh my gosh how does this work
did you help me prank him - I don't know
it's kind of we're like filming it are
you like they're like oh yeah we hope to
do the peanut bar thing I was like
seriously like yeah so I'm kind of
indifferent about that whole part of it
is I mean we team up dinners are they
still both friends hello is that for its
long is that I don't know that's look I
don't know we've logged it so I can put
it in mine yeah oh that's cool content
alright see you guys a little bastard
clean wow what a shit I cleaned your car
yeah I mean kind of clean my car now
there was a lot Alaska yeah so smells
like there's what happened on this side
oh we kind of realized that the
thumbnail only will ever show so this is
an ensemble side okay so you guys just
did it I'm watching on this side for
Phil oh yeah this is the thumbnail
holder right thumbnail like something
like this yeah I was up here like this
to like all right take off the driver's
window
it's wiffle ball right looks way better
on the road looks way better on the
street it looks way better when you're
driving y'all is this find a bit of
Battlestar collect yeah bro look at that
look at those rims
you know don't like at least for like
ten four or five why not like TT nobody
yo doesn't it feel like a new car
yeah Oh actually yeah yeah you know
you're doing good now yeah I step on up
you know you had a good we go inside
going on set for 12 hours you're doing a
good job you got it
I would run guns on extra clothes I mean
that at least added 10 horsepower so I'm
not even mad and I had a check in with
my girl Erica erica hey did you miss me
yeah haha I missed you too why he knew
would you the back can I ask him no yo
yeah and then it was almost my boy
Chad's birthday so he was like yo I want
to celebrate a birthday and yes dude
what's going on hey whoa whoa what is
that what is this what what do you got
brought a Taser into the tile yeah what
it turned into
yeah I'm now teaching you guys to roman
candles so get ready I gotta check
started Caesars I didn't start I brought
a dress oh yeah yeah so yeah and then we
got so out of control like I'm talking
out of control this is the most savage
like just go just go people shoot roman
candles that means me the shooter Rome
II cannot when would you ever say no to
this is for your birthday I'm afraid
your birthday is unplanned a Condon it's
my birthday present to myself
usually birthday presents to yourselves
aren't having five people shoot roman
candles at you and shoving your face in
the cake but that's why we love you Ted
love you really
I'm freaking excited
although it sounded like gunshots pretty
good and so energy building we're doing
our thing and the drama starts to happen
and yeah oh happy early birthday that
was insane
that hurt like you didn't hit yeah bro
thank you for aiming on my cock so like
obviously you made up with Nick yeah so
a lot the Martinez twins I just feel
like an awkward situation or do you have
a message with done okay so I've been
trying to DM them and snapchat them and
nothing I legitimately miss my best
friend like look like I have a mom me
for the rest of my life and I will never
get that covered yeah I just want to let
them know that I wasn't trying to use
them I made a mistake and I legitimately
miss my friends well they're gonna be
back here I think Monday and I think we
have to like have you guys make up with
Martinez twins if you're watching this I
mean they're Jake polish so they're
gonna watch it I just wanted
legitimately say that I love you Evon
Emilio I don't want the only people I
can actually tell you guys apart
me and Jake guys show so much I love it
no you can't no you can't but um thank
you for getting deep with the width of
vlogs if everything it means put out
there why aren't you talking
oh no he's like Lord Baltimore we don't
mention yeah we talked about I can't
talk about that situation I'm saying
like the fans would then be like yeah
using the hybrid I'm taking the high
road man yeah must've drama wheels
didn't start that wasn't around yeah
yeah maybe one that maybe one day when
I'm ready to open up about it
legitimately this is the power of the J
parlors I literally worked at a coffee
shop I'm not working on a coffee shop
anymore
thank you Jake change my whole entire
life love you that was a foot bus let me
grow from Texas de Brazil are you tuber
I think that is a way to end a day it
was pretty good day it was a pretty good
week Jake pause if you're watching this
Saturday do some stuff keep on working
hard we're about to go to the gym and
get it Chad happy early birthday Sunday
on my birthday I'm bringing somebody to
come and exorcist the town so because
we're here as a demons right hundred
percent I all take callers um I'll see
you tomorrow
guts today bro please every day Jake
callers what's poppin check out this new
March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow poof
