I don't know this is near car years
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear Anthony happy
birthday to whoa
you're 21 bro wake up yeah I got your
candles bro
I got your candles - blah - so many
candles readable out bro go Oh blow it
out Anthony oh yes happy birthday oh
it's hot in there now and good for me
shake holler if you are new here I'm
Jake calls this is the peeps at house
it's with every single day well I need
to make sure you guys are working hard I
need to make sure you guys are smiling
oh wow that was loud and I need to make
sure you dab it on them haters family so
how does it feel as you're 21 now I can
bike oh you can buy a gun that's about
it what do you want to do for your
birthday I don't think about these
things like Oh what what my birthday is
coming off what should I do all day oh
my god it's my birthday and entitled to
stuff I want a birthday girl - I want to
pump me why God is Becky doesn't give me
a present this year I got our one if I
got 400 tweets because of my birthday
and what the ah let me check oh my god
319 oh my god no but seriously don't
want to do anything for your birthday
oh no well we'll do something we'll do
something I'm going to say guys I'll see
you later
yeah yeah yeah tanga and and and you
Penta Penta Penta Penta games again
ah I get my burlap is your Dean the
fella who to pause alright let's go to
set and do some stuff today guys and
girls then transition shots and that new
license plate though zero to sixty who
spin erase me BAM Oh break anyone in the
streets cuz all right we got our boy
Robbie directing oh wait that's not even
your desk your desk is over there what
is it like working with this season
wacker hell yeah oh that's what I say
that's what I say every day in the vlogs
well you talk too much
yes ah you don't know your line yes and
you never know your character yes and
then you smile when you say a serious
line I don't know what yes is so true
have you ever thought that maybe I just
have a naturally happy demeanor there is
a cameraman it's a liar it's all a lie
right you're lying man bro what is this
bully Circle right now
what are those shoes bro they're being
so suspicious I don't know what people
are saying about you know me not being
professional and he's super professional
he's um wait what is this it's my lunch
money stop it's my lunch break you pay
if you pay her you say you know you're
so thirsty bro isn't it seven years of
bad luck if you walk under a ladder
no I walked under this thing like ninety
four times okay yeah that's why you're
so short and six hours later whoa just
got done with my scenes on set I'm an
actor bro we killed it today but guys
right now I have chickens 21 to our
house for Anthony's 21st birthday and
I'm going to surprise him with these
chickens and I got him a couple of gifts
I don't know what his reaction is but
let's go back to the team ten house
it was another god hi guys all these
chickens bring the chickens bring it
right now it's lit them it will know
there's actually chicken gonna sell fast
amount of chicken you're a chicken how
are you okay so the reason why we got in
21 chickens is because Anthony loves
chicken we got a real chicken and cooked
chicken so he's gonna be he's gonna be
really happy
so he told Anthony to go upstairs and
wait in my room he has no idea what's
about to go down we're gonna blindfold
him and then bring him down hi buddy do
you want to get signed the team 10 I
don't get that intensity this morning
it's lit every day at the team den house
bro bro I'm gonna blindfold you I got
you a present for your birthday I think
you're gonna love it
well I got you a couple present I got
you a lot of presidents my boys can't
blindfold impressing rostro I had hot
honestly you know you know like a lot of
times like the pranks or like savage
yeah you're gonna be so happy like I am
Abbi I'm already pre smilin bro you also
should plug is he or something later why
bro whatever you do wherever oh it's
because I want you to be surprised my
ears bro it's not like a whole walk all
the way downstairs come on down boy yo
you look good
cover your ears dude you're good bro
you're good boys just come on you're
good I don't know there are years after
all sing happy birthday ready happy burn
and stop doing some weird footwork
Samantha they say the Lightning kind
conscious don't we come on happy
birthday all right I got you twenty-one
chicken bro that's lit you'll play with
some come on oh I don't know it's
actually 21 chickens I got you a tensor
chicken I got you some of this chicken
oh I got a lot of chicken bro there's so
many chicks walking and I honestly was
like I'm gonna be attacked by something
bro can catch one bro
go get your chicken bro go cuddle with
them boys is this what you wanted for
anything
yeah dude wake up I really want some
chickens chickens are kind of creepy bro
they kind of scared me Wow oh wow bro
I'm gonna sign this one that one sign a
ball they're everywhere he's hot
get it he doesn't like it bro you
wouldn't even be able to tell was his
birthday right
yeah no Anthony I got you this - oh no
yeah I see what it is just open us look
just look now he can't make fun of us
anymore
I Love You Jay we got more hype over to
the band leave the chickens go this is
everywhere aha lady chicken you want
some chicken now you want to fart
alright mother just awkward Ian's
disrespectful hi
Oh
this one's lit right do you like our
trampoline huh
my best friend is all grown up ma grown
up and washed up mainly mom brand-new
cuz do it John
we're just chillin with some chick and
larry larry with the chicken okay Larry
I like your body girl if you were you
were if you were why
results may vary any health or medical
issues are not al fault is it the bacon
you guys chose from cap of birthday it's
Yellen job
oh yeah so so bad all the comments on
this video my oh my dong she's gonna
have a picture
I know slowly let you touch this chicken
off you touch I'll check on more talking
about cutting you turned on this stove
and acted like you were gonna cook a
chicken a province or normal we do like
chickens and no chickens were harmed
they probably should come as mean things
yeah comment me no please don't do that
comment happy birthday Anthony yeah no I
got to get ya to on your head
bye guys it was fun meeting you all
Anthony don't say bye I honestly think
we should get a chicken yeah bro I'll
see you later homie kind of couple phone
please bro I need one because that's the
new phone case that a job look much mark
all our merch Jay Paul just want some
new more second I'm asked about the zero
birthday present leave me with a
dumpster oh you're taking yourself to
the finally on okay anyway I got your
freaking I got two vans I got you a cake
I got you Popeyes and the last thing I
got you is go subscribe to chance and
Anthony's channel link in the
description yo I got you let's see if we
can get them to a million subscribers
how many of you at set in the morning
seven hard twenty get them to a million
subscribers for his birthday everyone go
subscribe to ant chance Anthony for
Anthony's birthday and shake collars for
strong bro oh hey let's see if we can
get them to Emilio Thank You Jake
Pollard's I'll see you tomorrow because
is every day bro
Jake Pollard's what pop and check out
this new March
ooh that much is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on a daily basis and you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
