we should apply right now how you serve
on is actually crying I should say by
surprise girls go oh wow oh wow oh my
gosh
Erica if you were a dude I would if I
was a girl you would you date me yeah
and if you were a dude I'd date you
so I'm a girl you're not a girl that's
what you said no I panda and that's Risa
and I'm a dude I I'm a dude
so we're dating I thought you had a
thing with Amanda I have a thing with
her she doesn't have a thing with me
yeah Oh what's up don't want to do a
dull pinch oh yeah that was a rhetorical
question
ah what a beautiful day here in Los
Angeles Jake Pollard's welcome to my
life if you're new here I'm Jake Paul
we're on top of the team penthouse and
it's lit every single day bro I want to
make sure that you guys are working hard
I want to make sure that you're smiling
this is our intro we kind of messed it
up with the times like but you want a
little bit too fast but you know it's
cool make sure you keep on smiling make
sure you keep on working hard and make
sure you keep on dabbing on and hey
Nicole this is a new one for today but
uh make sure you keep on throwing chairs
off of your roof
good morning Jake ballers let's do today
how lit would it be if like the roof
just collapsed you know let's not let it
all no stop stop it's not lit why didn't
you do that oh it actually shake for the
vlog bro view in gentleman and
everything is a vlog well psych
everything the vlog oh yeah this ladder
is so sketch alright see you guys later
yeah we can make it strong yeah I'll
probably just drop down yes I kind of
need you guys for my vlog so I'm like a
title card that says like 30 minutes
later yes I merely a couple seconds yeah
be in a different spot so that when it
comes back it looks like it was actually
30 minutes later 20 minutes later oh yo
you guys good alright I'll put it back
like 30 minutes right later so today's
video it's gonna be insane but mainly
because we're going back to the mental
you mean say white what we're going back
yeah I'll do it
so today we go back to the insane asylum
to close the spirit of the ghost that
has been haunting us his name's Eric
this is one of the scariest things that
I've experienced in my life but in the
meantime I'll just go chilling here when
you guys come in here when I clean
Christian me do you only go in the drama
wheel nobody cares
I'm a lie later okay so I just broke
away from chance and Anthony basically
what they don't know is that when we are
in the insane asylum we're gonna be
playing the Ouija board but I'm gonna
act like I got possessed by the spirits
there I'm not gonna fake the Ouija board
part that is actually real when we
played it so I'm gonna let it actually
move and figure out like what is going
on like why we're haunted like all of
these things but then at some point I'm
gonna literally actually I'm getting
possessed like start shaking and like
speaking words up and scare them so
badly so it should be very interesting I
think I already said this one but dude I
that
you want to join it paint it dude come
on hey gum yeah yeah we always come from
transitions and they're like weird stuff
I'll see
ah
oh thanks that was a good meal I know
this is The Container Store but you
can't contain something this sexy valet
soon L Brooks here hey Michael yeah why
I'm gonna get the dippin you're not bro
okay okay come on just less you know I
could have stole your car not face it's
not face I want to touch your head try
to touch your head please
I want to touch your head the last copy
whose book is it I don't know it's some
dude he's pretty cool though it's about
you just kind of want stuff hard this
book is she want sales you got to get
sales kids you try reading Jake Paul's
you got to want it we heard Jake Paul
you got to want it oh you guys looking
for a good book to read
you should read Jake Paul you gotta want
it no okay we do watch you all the time
you read the book Kalia there is a book
no sorry last copies upstairs and then
he said I love you jack yep is that Jake
Paul you gotta want it no what's that
it's a really good book my own a
hidden-camera show no it's not hitting
at all right there you have it you want
no I'm good thank you don't want a boy
is not a blogger you kids in your gut
damn cameras stick Kim no Burt was over
a little bit it's not worth the lift is
it last regular taxi what laughs well
there's another one that's one that not
compute the guys coming what are you
coming no what makes you think that is
it the camera go my Mac no no we got a
code blue code blue code blue call it in
are you Jake Paula yeah are you chanting
whitewash hey Larry what champion did
you guys just come up with that now JC
yeah we do just take it okay I'm taking
it hey can i plus
yeah I'm Dakota : I'm a singer I'm in a
band always let me take caller all right
I love you blue code blue code blue
don't go me please just taking pictures
all purple he's angry now code purple
hey maybe I don't look you look so good
baby baby oh how you do that how you
doing like that oh no now for the
Internet what are you college guys yeah
yeah yeah Brad you know yeah here's a
second yeah okay can't just take it
hi darlings I love them we love you
touchdown we're Jake oh my oh baby what
you guys doing oh how you doing that
industry as I like this open Peter Piper
pick up pecker golden peppers oh how you
do that with the knees minute you have a
Mini Cooper but do you take Mini Coopers
obviously it's a real question her poops
are definitely regular size to Alec
blade tail this isn't a joke this is not
a joke
you messing with us bro look at this
stuff on my bed there's literally just
wall on my bed a heart beating on us I
got a chill I saw the ghost is here we
were just talking about him and the
ghost is here yo you think you're tough
you think why are you hoping you know
you think you're tough you die Sarah
silent I tried to play yesterday nothing
come to me insane asylum bum then okay
are you coming
it's going don't worry about it this is
no army like girls are like who's going
to the party I need to figure out what
time are they goes I need to go who's
going to the insane asylum what should I
wear okay oh very cool you guys are more
girls than I am Alan for supper I'm the
designated unhaunted I wanted to know
who could keep you safe
if something was wrong
oh so we just made it to the guy fourth
our boy Kobe you brought us the Ouija
board in the other vlog he's gonna show
us around a different part of the asylum
Erica's here she doesn't believe in it
she's a hater and if such a hater
earlier I think I'm already scared Katie
mm in case I just let the peel-and-stick
pollers it's just me and you right now
they're all over there they still don't
know that I'm not to prank them and act
possessed when we bust out the Ouija
boards imma let everything be real like
I'll be honest with us if I'm thinking
something I like I like to like my lips
that's my sign if I'm baking something
but if it's real man say it's real
hopefully that he had scared when I act
possess and if you guys don't know the
story basically a couple of weeks ago we
came here oh car car car car
we came here played the Ouija board and
got haunted by this guy named Eric so
we're coming back to drop off the Ouija
board play again maybe talk to him
there's apparently a scarier part of
this place where there's like a warden's
office like dead patients like that and
like file so we're gonna try and find
Eric's files as well
authorities catching and blood vials and
stuff like that and walking down this
line and it's just like there was an
isolation by ourselves
and in the schoolroom tickets please
could get in there over to climb up the
second throw is pretty cool moves
instead of stairs it leads us right here
I got them everyone's on edge
this is weird these are like blood
sample dude that's so weird
just file cameo sadly to the right of
this isolation dude this is creepy
I feel like a weird vibe like Eric is
here with us so though
oh my god what oh my god yeah yeah yeah
okay we have to play the Ouija board
right here
no story could see what it says close
those keep door locked
wait what you gotta slow it up this is a
basement yeah although that matters
because under the dome I guess what out
that we're going down and going this I
think summer most haunted Park oh you
know it's so creepy going first like
someone's gonna grab my leg oh holy
schnikes got my Disney hands way
no you don't understand wrong down here
by myself bro come on
look at these spider webs chill bro are
you coming down it's fun yeah I mean it
was more scary when I was by myself
it's like my grandmother Baker
yourselves like this can do there's a
house Eric are you here oh there's a
breeze
yeah yeah I feel that right now it's no
one here oh no did you no did my legit
oh my legs flickering my lights
flickering stop stop stop stop stop I'm
not so sure
oh my god it's here yo yo look at put it
on my hand put your light on my hand I'm
not touching the button watch Eric you
played with my light turn it back on I
don't know if like I don't know if I got
it on camera watch let's go back over
there oh here come over here Anthony
aunty come over here or is there is
there it is did you just see that
yeah watch it come back on well there's
not a faulty light watch I said it here
it turns off watch the light flicker bro
I swear flash my light twice if you're
here Eric if someone is here flash my
light twice yeah yeah it's not a faulty
light that's rude all I needed to see I
don't need to see anymore
all right so we're back man I said we
played the Ouija board over here bro
Eric let's denote the Ouija board
oh that's creepy bro come on
is someone here
is anyone here
why
now do you believe in you
what's your name
no no no it's going to see I stopped
into them but now there's nothing okay
cuz she's back
yeah what's your name what is your name
boom no way gotta know those those like
the worst thing if it goes to three you
just often see help
no comment no wait a minute okay
freaking out yeah I have no let's go
can we stop everything no keep your
fingers on and keep your fingers on via
lights are finally games above
get up get up minor I need to take on
you and I they'll need to say bye
Franklin
yeah but that wasn't a prank what I was
pranking it oh dude we talked about this
dude yeah you're just did you do the
noise down there no I didn't do the
noise down there everyone calm down
everyone
I told the Jake ballers I've licked my
lips and I was going to act bro little
nose up with those things real
I'm here to see really onto you that you
are going to do is look at my hands
right now
yo look at your rank this lick you guys
didn't think about you didn't either
read all these like documents about it
like I would actually believe in the we
wouldn't people to like play it so as I
was supposed to play signified like the
devil is the most evil scary movie what
about noise down there yeah the noise
wasn't me Jay callers I just swear on my
mom's life I'm done like messing around
now it's real thing it actually spell
out Zozo I will be getting thrown with
they're all basically we're going to
keep on telling and see what happens so
I'm not going to prank anyone anymore
I promise will my mom's life is anybody
here that's so fast but like that's fast
that's as fast as do when it said wait
are you going to hurt us
are you going to hurt me
okay no are you hearing hurt are you
going to hurt them
I hear to hurt us three
thinking about we're going to hurt buzz
spell out where you are where are you
right now
cleaning sauce
my god inside it's just saying inside
being Tony so as we have the word girl
asked if it's a boy or girl first what
is your name start with that's that app
tap yeah documents many people good
consoles the countdown remembers what
happened to the cows back asking
education 80 years in Nam it stopped
without moving to a bigger joins a
number of stuff and so how's it hop it
stop it or don't I go through the
numbers all the craziest stuff is
happening right now that it's not
supposed to happen Zozo counting down
the numbers uses right as white real
mama can you show us that you're here
eight or nine no age and you i said 'i'm
gonna freeze out if you don't you don't
leave
but if you don't leave the hell yeah
I have UDL I thought if you don't leave
are you a girl
yeah well then go away okay now let's
just also a devadasi well are you a girl
is going back to attend a doe cap so
that they know this is really a glass
think about it hon keep going I want to
run I wonder can I leave okay yes remove
with this goodbye for if you guys even
ask you can be seen okay bye okay you
want to leave are you in can I look
through the pamphlet can I look through
it hypothetically how fast it's going
now can I can I look through the pan
slit then you can look like and look
through this what you say bye why we
should just say bye bro why you sign
what what
we should say Bible from my joking
let's survivor we should apply right now
how you save on is actually crying I
should say by everything Christ I'll
cook July my I read on you would you see
well just like what's wrong words it was
good on can we talk we want to go I
can't describe it I just like can't
describe it yeah I do
I literally and my chest right now is
the way out yes that's crazy bro okay
dude this is what did you see
be decision to reopen attack so we're
leaving I've never seen a guy yeah I
don't cry lose weight over here guys I'm
not even joking
until next time he's watching
Araki go away meet you guys at the car
so I just told the story to everyone
like what way again why I said look at
me member and I was like look at us like
see if it was us guys like that I look
at everyone and I like that Erica she
had her hood up I started I just told
the whole thing it felt like like it was
near but I just couldn't find it but
like I self that it was there because I
was looking at I just looked at Cade
like a spend time on and I looked at
Erica and like it was like she was
turned but her face was facing this way
but there was like a face like there was
something looking at me and that's when
I just put it down my entire body just
froze and I didn't I didn't want to say
she knows it no not saying that but like
so I just feared like no no no I want to
talk about her like she please oh my god
I didn't even shake my dog but you're
not so I was talking about a pressure
she was talking about a pressure on her
body
here I'm not getting a broad when you're
walking I she's like there's a pressure
I hate it I can't stop looking at her I
don't like brung you can realize the
long like that we need to called on I
think we need to get a pretty no no no
we can't time because I mean like that
yeah
this is awesome guys like boards logging
this so that we could watch it when
reporting again I could care less if you
believe this or not I comment whatever
you want in the comments how do you feel
right now
scared you're like your body I got a
really bad headache I felt cold when we
sit out there and add another freshman
right here no ha ha ha this is why
changes by the not supposed to play the
Ouija board by yourself and you played
by yourself right yeah yesterday oh yeah
yes you know yes he was looking through
and seeing everybody even when he saw he
looked he looked around the hallways
right and I said looked like pay
attention to me like look at me see if
he's like with me he like studied me
then he went to Jake and
then you indicate quests all with you if
you were looking straight ahead
basically just straight ahead and there
is a face on the side of your right
thing
you're lying so like I said we can tell
you different I could turn the game off
and when I look down the hall I looked
at everyone and I just resuming around
nothing anything that's coincident I
looked down the hallway listen to what I
just talked about Kate and just figured
out I literally that's when I like I
felt something and then I'm just like
I'm stucked in the doorway and Tony's
like look it up and I could like I felt
like when I felt something I got super
cold like just instantly frozen like not
completely frozen but chilled he said
look at everyone and I looked at like I
looked at the hen Rey Tony I looked at
Kate I saw you were looking the other
way you're looking like sideways down
the hallway or something and then I
panned to you you had your hood up it
was like there was ice it was a face but
it like wasn't like it was dark like it
was the big the most like the darkest
thing that's ever ever I can't even
explain it so within my face was a face
next to my thing it was like on the side
of here like you were looking at and I
was you're the only one saying that you
felt the pressure you played it by
yourself you asked if I wanted to kill
you it said no why would it want to kill
you because it was going to take you
over yeah I'm just saying I've never I
cried my entire body was frozen and I
had no control like I literally felt on
all of those budget colors with the
situation I'll see you tomorrow because
it's every day and sometimes night so
where to go
Jake Pollard's what stop and check out
this new March oh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow
