we got you a vegan treat pretty big are
you ready I mean I have you guys a treat
like come on yo come help me with my
intro come on come on I need you to be
my intro hold the camera okay good Louie
Jake followers I hope you are having a
great day make sure you're working hard
and make sure you're dabbing on them
haters if you're new here
I'm Jake Paul this is not the people
mouth where it's lit every single day
right yo Erica that was good thanks
is this like a new trend with the
bellies this is a new trend
they're a mess they're in the way oh wow
see you look hotter already not good
yeah great oh you were
wait what did she say if you were drew
if you were a girl
oh you're the boy and I'm the girl carry
me
oh wow you're a good boy I love it I
should pull it that looks real though
enough with the small talk I got some
big talk an idea I got an idea what is
the most savage I'd be like this vlog is
about obi-wan it house antics we're
gonna play a prank man I love you bye
you ready for the idea I can't die I'll
tell you in a second I'll tell you in a
second high school reform all right guys
I have a super savage prank plan okay
nothing Oh something's going on but take
polish before we get into all of that
this morning I was on set of Disney
because I'm an actor bro and now I'm
back at the team oh nothing is this day
possible
all right Jake polish so we just got to
clipping Ralph you're probably wondering
Jake like what what are you doing why
are you here and so basically you know
Kate you know cake everyone school it
Kate there is and so you know Kate has
never been a part of the prank war yeah
we pranked him some timing but like he's
a vegan and like you know how you know
you he was she talking herself this is a
nice young kid anyways I think Kate is a
vegan and all he eats is peanut butter
so I was like yo why not cover his car
and peanut butter right very good all
you music peanut butter you obviously
want to drive in a car like a dream come
true that's right because I can even
really prank wars like whenever he gets
hungry a red light yeah you're right
it supplies units here in the ice aisle
cuz I think you're really hot then dad
pardon me
yeah are you my dad oh you don't
recognize me no oh I thought you are my
dad are you kidding me oh sorry
you look like my dad would want to dad
looking like me you look great sir and
I'm 94 no when you don't have any
knowledge and I have any knowledge like
what would you tell a 20 year old
I beg you stayed that he'll the way you
are you've got a great life Butthead it
yet I'll go find your dad okay imma find
my dad these ones are really the best
for getting in there if you poop a lot
those ones are the best yeah yeah good
you tried it before yeah it works good
yeah all right take the vlog it's all
you bro hi Jen Gang Gang Gang Gang
that's close you got it really close to
you yeah there you go there you go
teaching young kickball is out of love
we out here son how're you guys married
no lie oh I was going to ask you what's
the secret to marriage
was the secret so marriage yeah cause
like every girl I'm with just breaks up
with me probably I'm not honest enough
yeah maybe that's the problem
I do you logs no you want them logs put
in my team you just read just hold the
camera and we just go hey we out here
dab on them haters and you give it you
don't like it she would be a good
vlogger I thought she was the camera
made that's what I'm saying sometimes
all you got to do is try yo chance
chance what are you doing though you
break Wow Wow usual on to the climb I
don't know Wow got into me where's
Anthony I don't know should we do it
yeah that's how we do it baby dogs
usually love me I let's get real butter
we got value Oh looks like I'm keeping
more of that Adson hey these Lambos
don't pay for themselves who do you like
peanut butter you know are you a Jake
Paula you like peanut butter
ya know anymore bye bye I love you too
I mean I mean see you too all I get is
good I know
everybody could to all I get it good
nose ice we just got back to the house
right now
Cades car is right Garza is that Drake
Oh Chrissy Wyatt he's like yeah exactly
now it looks like you just kind of clean
yo father do an email
yeah yeah a lot of emails going on on
that screen cool working when you're
getting em to all the J callers are
asking me when you're getting the m2
because high building around it is there
well soon applauding on it I really just
have to nail down like the exact when I
want I don't want to rush it cause it's
like it's like you're embar Guinea you
know you're a important car yeah what
are you gonna like are you doing
anything with that's all you have now ah
the community to sell it so if any of
you want a feel before I could see a sex
low-mileage great body house well I'm
not gonna wrap it but I feel like you
should wrap it like a brown a brown
right Anthony Brown you wrapping like a
brown why would i wrap my car is its
left arm I'll see what around yeah so
wrap my car that we want to sell in
brown before yeah like peanut butter
brown no it's peanut butter leather
that's like inside a Ferrari
no I don't know outside of car well I'm
saying you should do that it'd be dope
okay all right let's go we did about a
good chef peanut butter right oh come on
I love peanut butter long game I don't
mean about it we got we got creamy we
got that crunch we are extra big peanut
butter we got it all for life's cold
right we got what you want it's a hot
day get it my kids get a vacation 17
right here
when Erika comes home imma bet yo after
let me put some peanut butter on your
baby
I hate butter you up sorry you're
getting a new car anyways but being
started the first of many she had
options maybe watching a womman like
butcher or we go which in my boom it
appears that this might be hard
oh my god take a giant turd mmm how's
that him anymore hey biggie get some of
that baby yeah
like a painter sculpting his crack just
go in
yeah you're right you gotta commit one
hand for peanut butter one hand clean oh
that was all much better
yes removes one hand clean though oh my
friends a good a my family good to see
Hollywood doing what I should do
everything I dreamed a beginning used to
when I ring all I get is good news oh no
it looks like a gold paint job oh yeah
cover that up
that's ugly Ohio's worth that it looks
like a paint job it is I told her I was
like get a peanut butter wrap job all I
get is good knows everybody good to me
all I get is good new who Erica baby
people now Erica babies baby let me put
the peanut butter on your body not you
too Oh baby little baby I put this on
your body baby you like peanut butter
come here baby let me laughing you want
baby oh baby let's walk away now baby
all right clearly Darney much looks nice
right
that is bad the tires yeah the rims -
yeah
no just gonna do the rims yeah so did I
have that I did laughs oh I think we're
done Oh Oh peach I hope Wow
all right Jake caller so we just
finished up wrapping but I'm reserved
but it's so cake and Jake Paul's my best
friend like I'm rich for days true
this is Savage we should go reveal this
to him right so bro you're gonna discuss
with person tables for all this new new
new new year we're getting in the office
did you think about the peanut butter
brown before your car no then - oh those
are the new shoes though anyways bro I
got you a vegan treat because whenever
we go out to eat it's always like oh are
we gonna go yeah
don't make it sound like a half oh no no
we're gonna make up for it with this we
got you a vegan treat looks pretty big
are you ready I mean I have vegan right
good treats like hi come on it's creamy
it's smooth it's a vegans a little
nutters giant Oh what's outside we are
going to a kitchen though right yeah
come over here keep on going
are you ready yeah ready three two one
No
what what what it's peanut butter 100%
vegan no official flavor deal whoa
it's a vegan dream bro it's good though
well actually wait what you like it
every part of it bro it's the whole
thing the neighbors are watching guys
like peanut butter something right yeah
we get some bread yeah we coming up the
Michigan license plate are you steering
right now well I'm a little different
cuz I like do like peanut butter but
just not in this setting generally okay
generally doesn't like his peanut butter
on his car pretty like toast or crackers
or something but you make em making
creamy jokes so I was a little suspect
did you not notice a peanut butter on my
shirt uses a dirty person in general I
don't see myself o world Ohio
alright I'll cool it the walls
everything is fine and so I read this
this is where I draw the line
aha no no okay well I mean I guess your
car is edible now I left a space on the
driver and the driver window so you get
still drive home tree override
let's go for a drive love girls
sweet yes both every girl in LA is vegan
yes okay got a deal with this and then
we can get in and don't take for a ride
I can't start her up if you like I'm
getting a new car and it's a new paint
job so pretty much the same thing yeah
my 80s rock you know butter if I turn on
yeah peanut butter for a couple days
whoo all right Makarov I don't think
he's gonna be able to see the tie gap -
you got it straight back bring out Erica
let me put the peanut butter on that
body oh yeah baby she lookin good how
you feel Kane oh yeah really appreciate
it he said thanks yeah I mean I'd be
thankful to pilot here he comes
well where'd you get that car this thing
is dope it whips right know how many
looks I got on the street come I was
more horsepower at least seven oh my god
that dark in darker it's like tinted
windows it's like the same as driving a
Lamborghini the amount of people that
look at you
oh my god I don't even think about that
get in there kids there's only one way
and I'm driving you guys realm yeah
we're going for a ride all right
we will go to a car wash I'll pay for it
yes Elise Elise name is kind of five
dollar car wash yeah if we can make it
there I'm down all the way don't get
pulled over more eyes in the car I'll be
easier the new style all right man cool
bro you got it
and tie-dye shirt whoo-hoo she's like a
new car bro oh well I can see straight
so like if we got to go right and I can
see out this crevice here you guys all
just help me oh yeah there's a there's a
car okay if we can find any vegan girls
all around yeah I'll tell man that so
bro mom you paint
oh she's vegan hey hey you get lady are
you vegan we got peanut butter car
everyone's looking we just can't film
that I gotta go whoo laughing laughing
mmm the middle doesn't know that this is
better for the paint yo this guy's
looking at us like what bro new paint
bro get with it or get lost homie oh
there's a girl Oh are you vegan are you
guys vegan we have peanut butter this is
animal friendly looking good oh that's
okay nothing to see here just a peanut
butter car
peanutbutter sauce you like it chick
polish so savage broforce Oh out here
Gang Gang you need a peanut butter paint
job I'm good on that did you try it yeah
cuz you're missing you licked it bro you
definitely lick you call seven cents or
you can't just be in free licks bro we
got to charge them at least seven Center
right my bad my laughs you like that
that's you know for us yeah you also
look at Rome you got it it's so good
limited time only all right the car wash
you got to see if this cleans off I was
told I was getting a vegan surprise and
this is what my car looks like I hope
this is a really expensive car wash Oh
yeah oh yeah we're golden Oh
do any peanut butter before it's gone is
it peanut butter car do you want any
before it's all gone there's almost a
five hundred dollar paint job
oh it's so slippery well you guys there
who burr at home oh why cause you're
going to get peanut butter on my floor
man I'm chillin because I scratched your
car oh the hell not imager they least
got the smooth kind is what Josh yeah
there we go it is the new waxing thing
in five years you can see the peanut
butter rest does a little slippery when
wet
you are no it's the caramel 20 minutes
later several bad puns later
one eternity later
and then chew it he protects the dreamer
feel like they don't need to do that
they're accomplices though what makes
injury more I just said that to get any
on your shoes day break alright I'm
happy Jake ballers has any chance we
killed it
Cades happy his car is clean I'm tired
of cleaning I took like 35 minutes we're
out here and Jake Paulus it's lit
everyday bro here you guys want to say
chance and Anthony like subscribe ok
back tomorrow because it every day boa
hoo-hah kid thanks for being a good
sport
Yeah right yeah I mean my courses on
them yeah ok yeah I'm a great pranker
and no one knows that yet
all right Jake ballers I will see you
tomorrow because it's every day bro
push Jake Pollard's wet stop and check
out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
