- dance - oh okay y'all gotta Febreze
yourself Febreze ourselves come on now
wait going up in Febreze l thousand
money you stinky bubbly yourself hit
take that for the road mm-hmm good
morning I wake up I still don't think
there Bob
hey you wanted a huh Febreze where to
display
he's not armed hey hey hey back up hey
guys oh yeah you actually have this time
right and done Hollywood man show held
in Atlanta
good morning Jake Lawler keep on working
hard keep on smiling and keep on Devon
on them haters
i'm jake paul fishes this is the team
can Nikki's mad and it is lit every
single day here frost and yeah I went
with Jake how'd you get here oh yeah I'm
doing a little bit of a narration in the
middle of the video it's kind of crazy
but uh yeah and then I went to shit yo
yo no I know something's going on though
what did you guys do not advocate any no
advocate I just stop there and watch
them do it
this is a prank oh my god I don't even
know what it is I'm like then what is it
is this because I won an award and the
cast had a surprise for me because I
want the Radio Disney Music Award oh
this is what oh my gosh
yo guys are the best ever
ah do this amazing thank you guys
yeah yeah yeah I mean I might just leave
it it's kind of better your diploma I
even pop everything one of the balloons
oh my god no no thank you guys come on
how appreciative you all are of him oh
and held right in a big brother /
castmate you know we are so savagely
literally I just pimped out my whole
entire room like why are we next to a
military truck I don't know he's out
loud even read the VA's aardvark chat
are static and happy but not surprised
that you all BRD we are so proud we are
in off we are still clapping we are
always working you're creating you're
always believing you are always
inspiring congratulations that's right
Eaton compliment anymore no it's yours
thank you guys I actually love you I
love each and every one of you and then
things got a little bit random we
started just messing with everyone on
set what now I'm just thinking about it
I just feel like you two would be like a
really good telephone shut up does that
make you nervous you nervous around
girls I know but honestly most stupid
thing you've ever said in your entire
line of very young fellas why you guys
wouldn't date no bigan already have a
voice when I'm the man of my dreams but
say excuse me right now no Devore Ethan
do you know how rude that is I love each
other this is not floating it's really
girl if my dad was here idiots
but is he what you have there lurking
right over here Collette you guys do you
think excuse me
Oh cute I ship it look at the flirting
yeah we're part about you two being
together is that he's shorter what would
be your ship name I would literally kill
Ethan stop it
everyone treat decent seriously do not
put this in ya know I'll edit it out
yo why you it's stuck I'm just kidding
why below no you're not trash Tavor come
on
your gardener flirting port flirt flirt
flirt
you're the guest star this week he's a
Viking is like a you go talk to him no I
really like actually like Scandinavian
sooo yeah Mike history lesson all no one
really cares go see if he's a Viking you
go hiking yeah are you an actual Viking
am i from the region oh oh yeah what if
I can eat this is a noodle this is some
sort of meat that they won't do to put
on the noodle dough thought you need
like a pig or something what if I can
say they like to say things like yes
like if you're telling me that them
small what would you say to me you
remind me of some small rodent okay your
eyes they're smaller
I'll see you thank you for letting us
bars in your room yo Vikings are dull
yeah hey Matty
will you come here for a second
every time I do it I'm sorry No didn't
you see that I did you say you saw my
trophy that I want you really want to go
here right now okay yeah let's go there
your problem probably got more votes
than you I know this because I voted for
him and all my cousin's did so obviously
got more votes but you had to win
because legally a dog can't win the
state of California I googled it so they
would have had to give it to the trainer
and for yourself
robbery's yourself over yourself also I
kind of made up that thing about the dog
winning in California but you actually
only did win because of like chance and
Anthony and the Martinez twins and Nick
you know they're funny I actually they
carry your vlog I actually carry it no
you carry the cam I'm Larry carrying it
or hey or you sad little oh you're a sad
little album Oh aren't you pleased oh
you want to look to look then it was
time to act because I'm an actor
okay so I was literally in the middle of
acting as you guys saw and all of a
sudden the whole cast of his aardvark
was like hey Jake we have a surprise for
you and then this happens guys they just
surprise me again
they chase me with Joe Joe you're
probably not going to ever win a big
award again so we're going big I was a
shark it's everyday bro I was just
trying to act and they bladder cake all
over my whole thing oh yeah and on it 14
10 yeah hilarious well we're still on
fire I should like smash you're always
still are five you gotta let them
destroy even imma let you do this well
no I don't even know how this happen
like one moment I was acting the next
moment there's cake in my face
hey so none of us even got to eat the
cake it's literally just on my face just
making me not want to win awards anymore
it's my nose I think I got a bloody nose
this is really bad
shake shake it I stuck it like oh my god
okay this is the worst combination if I
don't have friends we got any more
towels down I'm doing fine normally I'm
the one pranking everyone else literally
my whole entire face got take like I was
bleeding I look so dumb take all over my
face
I had to shower and then I came home to
the team ten house apples
why are you so scared of apples he
really scared the crab apples are
healthy though y'all we go so real here
though
mophir apples are healthy you should
have them you like any more energy than
coffee no way cool
are you kidding me are you kidding me
you're still in bed yeah they're all we
do is make youtube videos go you know
we're editing bro you're an influencer
bro ya know what I'm saying
breakfast at one club at night I'm not
even 21 but they still let me cuz I'm an
influencer bro a friend I know I know we
ain't like that well
Erica why why can't you talk retired did
you pay a higher rate on your pi syuh
Instagram
yeah that girl yeah is that her - yeah
oh my gosh if you or dude did you miss
that
I didn't expense not even all of it we
all we missed it if you were I would
still they just sweet heart no they ship
us now to they ship us oh yeah I saw
that means I kind of have a thing with
like Amanda Cerny a little bit but like
you're cool - yeah you're cool - but we
can yeah I mean touch my finger with
yours so more flirting
that's like twice in like five minutes
with you why is that one's good Apple I
don't have that good oh no way those Jay
Paul sweater Jake faucet no would you
wrap the Jake wall sweat March now
available plug plug plug feel the drama
we all got kind of it got kind of like
they talked about like you and chance
you don't know the drama room yes drama
round
hey thanks for coming in the drama room
Tessa it's actually your room yes go
everyone everyone including me is like
you know what's going on with this whole
like chesa situation can you elaborate
for this friend
oh my boyfriend's up keep going yeah I
saw him like calling on his girls he
have in mind
no I called dibs that's okay yeah and
like so everyone was like Tessa what's
going on I was like well we're just
friends first of all so he's actually
commenting on other people's instagrams
yeah
yo low-key like I see him on FaceTime
and like snap chatting girls but I mean
I don't know you guys just like still
used to do flow though maybe like a
little bit of like well I don't like
ffff
let me he's good-looking you're good
looking like it's gonna happen you know
a year a foot right even if it's just a
little bit and that's when like the Jake
Pollard's and people like screenshot it
but on Instagram but yours are saying
that you're just friends
we're different yeah I never said
distress sorry chance yeah friendzone
bro
I mean everyone is houses friends right
oh I just got more real stay tuned for
tomorrow's drama room Wow God yo yo yo
chance um I just talked to Tessa what
happened oh yeah she basically
friendzone you
she's know that ye are commenting on
other girls Instagram saying like mine
good day oh you know when when a deems
don't work you got to take things up a
notch but like so you're sliding in
people DM and they don't respond so yah
yah men you just admitted just sliding
into multiple VMs and not getting
replies yo yo but hey that's every guy
so I'm just you're you're just admitting
nothing yeah exactly
outside into a DM or - you know I'm
supposed to meet him music oh you the
film grime bro yeah that's right true
true once they see the followers they're
gonna room okay well that mm-hmm oh yeah
probably
I'm just confused huh like I got friends
on how is this that means like yeah
pursue yeah no that's true friend yeah
we refer to disc
why can't i friendzone her yeah yeah can
you come home yeah like that well
because that's what you got friends on
now too
it's like you can't fire me because I
quit right or no you can't fire me
because I never worked there yeah
exactly
yeah smart haha Wow does give you morals
mainly athleticism and and corn a lot of
corn so you guys want to go to the gym
finale
yeah don't down Oh Zack normal signal me
don't please I had to Jake Waller please
all had the Jake polish oh you guys talk
you talk
uh-huh I heard you talking and then it
was time to go to the gym for some good
whoa just got here guys Amanda is about
to be here and Jake Pollard's if you
don't remember the other week we had a
bet where we're gonna do a fitness
challenge and if I won I would get to
kiss her but if I lost and I have to
give her $20 yo that's such a that's so
that's the really fair right it's fair
because and $20 is like $20 or kiss with
the man sir and that's like worth way
more than $20 she's about to be here I
still don't know like what the fitness
challenge is yet I don't know I'd be
nervous too
Wow she wore that on purpose no what no
what is this killers yeah but the Browns
are better Brown stuck primary oh yeah
we clean we disrupt the cat I would like
that yeah yeah that's a cool Jersey yeah
finally changes that takes up that
so we're going to do if you win you get
your kiss and if I win I get your trophy
what's goofy RBM this just got so much
more real so you should talk about it
how to awesome I talk about we talk
about we'll be right back come in the
closet in the closet also um yo wait
what's up yo yo yo it's just to work out
it it doesn't need a lot I would open
the pretty workout take this yes yes
you're getting blood of it all make sure
- no you look like you're sure you trust
oppa theater miss you have to take all
you want more lots of water okay what is
it a little bit this will make you wait
till you wait we're not taking
supplements ah no no water I'm just
comparing it I'm going to be so
motivated by the paper dude yeah I know
the motive RTT into party I mean spit on
your shell the kiss motivation before
you know this
explain the fitness challenge sarni all
right so the challenge is that jake has
to do it two times as much as I do and
if you beef it then you get to that
point for that part of it okay so we're
going to do five workouts the first
workouts going to be a wall sit and then
he has to do double that so whatever
time I do he has to double it right yeah
yeah yes sir and then the next one is
mountain climbers however many I do in a
minute you have a lovely minutes in two
minutes
and then the other one is addressed
bench moment I want a swath weighted
slots the same weight I have and then
the last one is a donkey kick leg work
in your butt yeah yep and then I have to
beat three out of five of them yes and
if I win yeah I get like you get it just
like makeup yeah and if I win I get uh
yeah you get my RDA man you know that
I'm actually I can't lose my gosh all
right I can't lose no room and it's
going seated on the line that's
basically your manhood he became a
coward yeah so it made me
I'm not true are you doing over there
are you vlogging up these volumes yeah
hi Anna can I just making sure that this
is a game yeah well I think it's care
what nope no stuff in this here
I don't know warmup
I'm sorry we got that I love your lips I
mean I like you by our DNA so I'm going
to work on
okay stepping up the benchmark first I'm
an attorney father's father 34 amanda
cerny 34 congratulations Jake all that
means you have to do 68 68 with 95
sounds because that's a do double wait
so that means you have to know 25 on
your side all right eh Jake Paul has
been 68 official bench presses 25 pounds
and time to beat a man attorney
why are we here we here we re here this
is the reason come on you got eight bro
you got any way anymore one to get an ID
for my god come on come on
five six seven two more Justin I tell
you like that we are doing just to them
I can't feel much it guys that be the
Millers right charge anymore
I get cha hwa come up I can't even be up
I'm not enough boys hey Selena thilaga
I'm going to be different law if you
like the only thing is going mom he's
going down
61 you breathe oh man oh man take all
this work smart not are eight men all
right three two let's go one yeah so
high up be violent need more rings huh
are you mad at me
my legs are like jello right now
whatever Jake does timewise you have to
do half up can't 'talking all up on me
any giveaway link there's only one you
could give I'm looking out for you
Amanda studio massage yeah it's a real
friendship Tony on the official timer
yes there you can tonal mark three to go
timers running clubs Tyler's right on
folks
I got you to do half wow this is hard oh
oh oh we're good I always walk like this
yeah it looks normal yeah she start our
own official time
shakin shakin
I like a word shiny things we could I
mean might as well cuz I already beat
them I'm not going to knock history do
not answer our team a chance bootcamp s
whole Facebook to workouts less I have
to win Bowl okay ready and 3 2 1 start
three Wow
alien a minute Jubal very doable which
was more weighted workout ready
Oh wha she's ready to go there's the 80
in one minute sorry
oh yeah oh Lord oh okay quick use on
that work for my work commander Europe
peace Jake Pollard's not all blogs have
a happiness is real life man
where you gonna put the award okay all
right rule yeah she's having a really
good time man not happier revenge like
this will have a part two there will be
a part two I'll make sure there's a part
two if I've your colors I love you I
don't know if she loves this but I'll
ask a local I still love her you're
right I'm a war Jake Pollard's I'm gonna
go cry no no we're off the train or I'm
a robot Yeah Yeah right
Oh Jake volleyballs back I'm gonna come
back and I'm a kiss you want to listen
man it's only one day
okay you know why oh why that's what
they wanted ah it's every day it's every
day bro Jake polish I will see you
tomorrow because it's every row
please Jake Pollard's what pop and check
out this new March
oh that marches hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 shirt see you
guys tomorrow
