three-two-one huh cake dollars good
morning it is 7 a.m. right now the start
of one of the most epic days yeah well
for happen on this vlog Channel now that
is a very bold statement but I got a
bloody nose right now and I just got
into a street fight so who cares if it's
bold and whatnot though I need
everyone's help today with pulling off
this video so I don't get going on where
you go guys today is like the most epic
video that will ever happen on this
channel and you're sleeping come on come
on Ohio alright I'm going to do it I'm
under a while I'm gonna do it and guys
if you are new to this channel I'm Jake
Paul this is the team town house I
normally don't look this ugly and it's
lit every single day bro let's do that
no Jake Wohlers mouth the Jake wall no
oh yes it's a beauty right see the deal
if that thing we're dude so guys we're
using this to run over my friend's car
today after we blow it up so we're going
to get this thing take it back to the
team penthouse we're getting a trailer
we got this is a whole production today
guys like I'm super excited let's do
that that which is come back to the
house guys we have the whole squad up in
here guys I don't know if you guys know
what this stuff is
well that's explosives but let me tell
the story before we get into this so
okay so basically my friend stand is
what Stan looks like ah good old Stan he
is the team 10 photographer he's on Team
10th he takes our pictures he's a really
good photographer stan is from the
Netherlands right and he doesn't have a
visa to live in the United States right
I had to fix lighting and so a couple
months ago Stan went back to the
Netherlands and he left his car here I'm
sure you guys have seen this in like
almost every single vlog there's
literally this red car that just sits
here never moves it literally just
worthless like look how much space it
takes up in the driveway where we could
be doing other things like activities
dirt biking skateboarding punching
people in the face and this car doesn't
even run and so I had this idea let me
go back inside so I had the idea I was
like guys like we gotta get rid of this
car right it's gotta go right Nick yeah
and the only way to make it go in my
mind that felt right was to blow it up
and so now we're gonna blow up this car
the best part about it Stan doesn't know
this is happening these love this car
and we're going to FaceTime him in from
the Netherlands right before we blow up
his car I'm not that much of a jerk you
know so I was like okay let me buy
something first and that he's actually
going to use I'm going to call him up
and be like yo Stan I just bought you
this new 70 to 200 like lens for you to
shoot your pictures with which is like
three grand so he's going to be all
happy but wha and I'm going to be like
one thing comes another has to go flip
the space-time camera around and we're
gonna blow up his car okay who among
here has used Terrance no we're good at
all alone you used it before never we
got 20 pounds of it we have 20 pounds of
explosives we have machine guns we have
a giant truck which Nick is going to
drive over Stan's car as the finale like
this is gonna be so epic class is going
to stand there and and look good yeah
you gonna do that we're gonna pour gas
on the car - I think Stan's actually
gonna like yeah he's gonna try we're
just gonna with real I mean these are
real but I mean Ricky we're gonna get
the paper trimmer warm up are those real
cat yeah I thought Israel's and is God
how'd you get them respond a wheel
officer asked you have a gun on you I do
I do
freeze no no it's a death but then you
start taking your pants off you know it
just it's just right here just right
here I'll worry no no no hands down oh
we can go now into like the cool music
like bloggers do you know like
transition shop yeah I'm gonna fuck
she's not going anywhere boys
I'm take the truck driver and we go go
here you buy less power
stop Wow it just got here ladies and
gentlemen
so get the squad like this is we're out
here is a but while we were on the way
here this tire got a hole in it but it's
on you know we're in the middle of the
desert we got some gum there's like a
mechanic over there so all right so
here's the plan
we got the car over here we found a more
remote location we're gonna put it right
here get some guns get some tannerite
perfect looks like men oh oh oh oh oh
that's a loose BMW oh man oh oh oh I see
the problem it's just this rock sorry
Stan slowing down don't coming for that
ground I got people who've been looking
up to me I can't ever go and let it down
though only 21 years every young I'm
still trying to figure my route though
I'll be on the back of some bad habit
get it did directed by the wrong thing
Turner Bella nothing music like for
disco so uh look the same is that so
that's what it is yeah Oh watch it's
actually a magic that you could do see
whoa yes I just don't like I just at
work no this is the only good place that
you can do that yo have you ever shot
again no I don't know if I just you need
to do right because like I do want to
just shoot Nick this is America right
here ladies and gentlemen look at this
they were the gunpoint
that's America if I've ever seen America
that's a high five ever seen a ha yo you
look like a gangster hold on man play
gangster music
explosives are done well moments away
bro we got a slash attire oh my god I
was lit standards in the Netherlands
right now we're probably going to wake
him up from sleeping I told him to be
ready for a FaceTime I was like y'all
want to put you my vlog today he's all
excited look at these explosives 20
pounds of tannerite fully mixed like
ready to go explosives set way jig what
is that figure out the gasps oh yeah
yeah okay that makes more sense yeah I
mean we're blowing up his car we're
blowing up his car everyone's in
position Nick's gonna run over the car
with the van we got the a ours ready I
know we've been hyping this up all day
guys about the FaceTime Stan the moment
we've all been waiting for
boom I'm so excited we're going to start
the FaceTime like over by his carbon
that shone that were like his car is out
here with us because I think he'll be
confused and then imma be like yo look
we have your car out here and we're
going to walk back to the firing
position and then blow it up while he's
on FaceTime
all right I don't know where to start
Jay called me last night he asked me to
stay awake and then he was in the desert
what's up bro say what's up to the Jake
ballers what are you up to I'm tired at
work right now
he told me oh I'm gonna buy your lens
and I was like why don't ask you like
why I have a surprise for you how I'm
getting you a 70 to 200 photo lens oh
yeah I'm by anyone I want more like you
go yeah then he flipped the camera and I
saw my car and I was like wait that cars
been sitting at the house for ages and
I've been told that it wasn't running
because the battery died I was like huh
we're doing a shoot with your car in the
desert right now I'll show you the view
of the place hold on you know check out
this view and then I heard people like
he showed me the car and he heard people
saying like ya ready whatever blah blah
and then I heard shots fired I guess
yeah so they blew up my car there's been
something that's been pissing me off
and every morning I walk outside and
your cars just in my way bro
we're gonna run it over now - you only
have to worry about it bro
look at it bro
some I may have just drove oviya car in
the truck bro check I hate you Jake I
hate you
I will get you back for this I'm telling
you I was so successful
Oh kind of explosives in the car he was
spit yeah you just watch this car who's
a load if that happened to me I would
look at crime well you got a camera lens
sorry Stan Nick okay makes you on crazy
they're still breakfast go back like a
few runs it over and it hits on the
mesial but I mean I'm not mad at Eddie
trucks but I mean I mean I would really
regret Nick dying
you all right Nick you conquered the
Taser now you got to conquer the gun
take your left hand off and push that
button if I pull this now it will shoot
oh now it will so be careful had you
shot before no you never shot before aim
where you're going to go breathe and
relax whenever you want you can pull the
trigger is it going to like break
emotional no it doesn't hurt your
shoulder all it's just loud
are you go Jay Paulus and with super lit
guys thankfully with that Nick I hope
you had fun today
guys we killed it yeah there's a mission
like race Larry stole a already cake
collars we will see you tomorrow because
it's every day Brad please Jake
Pollard's what's up and check out this
new March
oh that mark is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow peace
