polish hello I got a tank it's about to
go down guys hold on long basically
right now
papi Apollo is in the other room we're
about to see how he reacts to this
remote-controlled nerf contraption tank
thingy oh this is the most that kid's
toy I've ever seen look at this gonna go
crazy already has this thing where he
hates wheels for some reason I don't
know why a car with higher scooter tires
skateboard Titus hey guys good morning
Jake put your belts on and get ready for
today's journey and without any further
ado Apollo the canine versus a giant
nerf tank we have a visual
always looking right at it
Oh God there is fire shot are fired
this is not good
I think of Paulo won but sit sit sit sit
sit sit sit down the magazine Apollo
don't make a scene what are you doing
welcome to my life guys if you are new
here my name is Jake Paul and you guys
are the Jake Paulus the strongest team
on YouTube also we're the strongest team
on Walmart that makes sense let me
explain basically guys this is amazing
news first of all like a lot of you
don't know this I have a poster like a
poster looks like this in every Walmart
that there is and guys y'all the Jake
Pollard's made it the number one selling
poster in Walmart I've never even talked
about it on the vlogs before but yo
we're number one baby that's what I'm
saying I'm never even lying so smash
that subscribe
during the number one team that there is
the Jake parlor get ready for today's
adventure and officially welcome
yourself to the team ten family
that's the squad hashtag team ten guys
we smile every day we have fun every day
we work hard every day and y'all sure
this is Chad you guys know Chet you guys
know Chad he does a lot of weird stuff
my memories still on that Jay Paul
what's your name I'm here for interview
from a magazine in your code that
magazine anyway if you didn't see
yesterday's video first of all what you
thought about joining the squad like I
said kind of all allow me to get you
caught up to speed I want to make you
beautiful yeah I really think you need
help like actually I do need help with
this a1 you hear more life back in my
way a magic ball bro no one likes IKEA I
know that's why I'm here to take what I
was trying to say is that yesterday
I threw a smoke bomb through Anthony's
window
oh he was pissed guys spent a little bit
later uh he actually through a door and
a thing through the other window so now
the windows is completely broken yeah I
told you today's a day what are we doing
like look at the windows literally
getting fixed right now thanks I love
you I was my mom's birthday present to
me was to fix the windows oh sweet good
morning Panthers I lost my mom to
blogging it's a real thing also
yesterday guys we built a giant zipline
inside of our house and I sent it from
the third story
that's alliteration cuz mostly YouTube
channel was good guys today is put a
smile on your face we got smiles on our
faces that looks like the Ice Age scroll
when he smiles that's dope but I got my
all-white fit on baby I've got the
Jaypee merch on baby fans Royko backs
that shake ball hottest merch in the
game you already know I got the diamond
autumn are on the wrist I go boys would
be my squad guys kind of gave me an idea
like everyone's in this house you know
team 10 squad goals whatever you want to
call it we're friends or family and this
morning but we were playing with this
thing that's what I'm saying but when we
were playing with that this morning it
gave me an idea with the teeth in house
the friends the tank the nerf and I was
like yo why don't we have the big hit
nerf war in history at the team pen
mansion like full-on like everyone gets
a nerf gun goes the different spots in
the yard outside inside No Limits how
sick is that idea well last time we did
this we had a really small house now we
have a really big house in more people
listen nose like a war not only
but we we to to nerve guys from the
store we have to buy no phones from the
store right but at the store also is my
poster and I could go by my post me to
get nerf guns we could see my poster
could take a picture in front of your
poster
and then put that picture on a poster
haven't even seen it yet I haven't I
don't even have one of my own posters
let's go dang it I ruined the transition
shot I was trying to get the watch they
broke my watch oh my god you're in the
parking lot oh my gosh starting to get
nervous it looks so cool person why it's
so cool never seen anything like this so
being the characters Chad I'm busy
myself mate yeah why don't you get away
from me don't get guys the posters
inside watch this be the one Walmart
sold out and that doesn't or doesn't
have it like that guy bought the last
poster you know when I was growing up I
had Justin Bieber posters all over my
wall I do it to have a poster of Jake
wall fringe Jake you're crazy you get
the Jake Paul poster inside no Irish I
had pizza Chuck you all they have Jake
Palmer's here too
oh my god that's it he should have kept
from burgers if you guys hit the Jake
Paul poster did you see it okay so I'm
like hotcakes okay so you saw the
hotcakes
okay you didn't see the poster though
you're not a dick baller that makes you
one blown your your that makes will you
want oh give Jesus
well Walmart is Adobe's okay though I'm
definitely getting me can't believe it
he needs Jesus
hey cocky I mean I mean I mean you take
they mistaking us of your face - bro you
made going closer on the part are you
here for a Jay Paul poster oh yeah he's
a chacha bond girl bro are you sure you
don't want it all the only two left did
it cuz that actually is don't know if
you haven't got one go to Walmart get it
guys even though we're the number one
selling poster in Walmart for the past 4
weeks still gotta hustle your stuff bro
you've got a plug like if you're
starting a company you're starting a bit
like I'm about to go sell the rest of
the three jump off Biggie's Goku's on a
poster I'm on TV baby oh you need help
right I do I'm sickening man you're
gonna need one of those this will get
you more girls and it'll make you
stronger and faster you work here yes do
you want to buy this for me they're
limited edition hey thanks man
great preachers only two left bro I'm
good or split now I know you're probably
thinking who's Jake tall I asked myself
the same question every day but this is
this poster your if you're ever feeling
lonely this poster can help you
accomplish things in life it's going
good however guys we didn't just come
here to be annoying churches know we're
big tickets spender we plan on a pumping
tanks if you know what I mean there's a
large array of nerf guns here and we're
about to have the world's biggest derp
fight so we need to stock up go go go
actually and well first we need extra
ammo dual wielding a few moments later
whoever guys to spice things up just a
little bit we're going to put thumbtacks
in the front of these darts it's just
gonna it's gonna make everything more
painful more intense and more like once
again this is the most of the channel on
YouTube I'm having a man moment here
just let me be a man for once okay I
like
morning cross tellers another classic
Jericho moment you know just normally
make up yeah sure we make a bit okay is
about to go down I got my camo JP
sweatshirt on you know I'm about to
blend in and win this nerf war baby so
so team ten the whole entire house
outside indoors everything goes Wow
eight players one winner for $5,000 guys
we're all starting off with a mini
pistol well most of us don't have one of
those either
thanks for the start everybody splits up
find your own place on the mat had
Nathan high 15 guns around the house
once we start you guys have to find the
guns and the ammunition and find other
team members and eliminate that when you
hear me say three two one go that's
where the game starts I don't know are
you searching for guns
Oh Nathan you hid all the guns bro yeah
dig I will fire you if you don't tell me
where the dope is ooh get-go this may
take those there's a lot of good Jake
all I'm saying this I'm smelling that
something's growing right now all right
Oh G take this bush oh what's that
I don't know if that is not a bush
my body thank you
I gotta make it down here before the
game starts his pistol boys it's not a
good I'm gonna die Jake saw me and I saw
Jake's we gotta move Phil hey we'll team
up well your mother put the money we'll
split the money
yeah we'll split the money clever just
do it that way this is so messed up yeah
I got your 60 on the money
oh that's so late this is absolutely
here any time got so many bullets do you
kick there how do I pull this back like
pull this well that problem that there
you go I found bullets we're really good
ones I already saw a chance into what my
gym bullying okay look yeah okay I see I
see her money
oh oh I see her money neither of our
guns gonna read she's over there
he's got the sniper he's got the sniper
jet he's probably in his shed
right
I don't see you guys all I have is a
pistol still I haven't seen anyone I
haven't found any guns I'm scouting the
perimeter of the house so far don't move
don't move don't move Ted he tried to
fire it misfired y'all trying to team up
eh yeah good luck boys got to find guns
bro
Chet freeze I still haven't gotten a gun
who's together already
third three pack yep
where they at I see Nick I seen it
it's all on camera oh oh I'm bleeding
now dad killed me he tried to form an
alliance with me and then he shot me in
the back
would you guys you got
I know where there's one there's one
reloads oh that one cos no cocks oh no
when I started playing I did not think
that I would be one of the last ones to
be honest with you how those gonna be
one of the first ones knocked down and
II know this make sure they follow me
out of these IDs oh I got you
before we go they'll never forget you
this so I said like it subscribe do you
see anybody anywhere they're all in the
backyard get in the backyard you try and
set me up so I'm going in the house
don't I got the gun
no I got a good gun I got I think it's
just stance that's left its Chancellor
man you really got ya don't be tricky
what is some other part of the house
higher
I told you babe that I'll make it
through America that's why I'm a goat to
greatest of all time and plane nerf are
you still alive no Chad is still alive
oh my god it's a 1v1 oh my god it's won
we won give me my GoPro back give me my
gun
be a man baby come on bro this is where
I go ham I'm coming for you Ted
you already know you shouldn't do that
we're going to get Chad I didn't know
you're still alive I'm going pistils
Disney Channel Disney Channel riot
shield
Erica yes baby handsome you get or not I
should have listened to you he's dead no
he's not what laughs he's dead
kiss come here come here Joe is
everybody okay
okay he had Teddy TJ he's dead Jake
that's what you gave her by me with the
hollow broken tire moves baby whoa
that body patrol really is dead my day
CJ what do I do with the vlog Jake Jake
Caroline I called back slash Jake Paul
become an influencer today go to Ed
fluence calm I did it look at me now
he's a social butterfly the last thing I
did before I died was the kiss Erica you
know even though she couldn't be at the
team tent house today she's still with
us you know I will see you guys tomorrow
because it's every day
holder's it isn't all new season Oh
merge guys this stuff super fan joy Co
backslash Jake Paul get it well yeah I
can yeah make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
