good morning Jake Pollard's what's up
what is going on with y'all today is a
huge day we have so much ahead of us I'm
nervous I don't even know what to say
make sure you guys are smiling make sure
you're working hard
and make sure you're damn it out haters
I have to leave in like one hour to go
to the Radio Disney Music Awards I'm
nominated for award as a lot of you guys
know I'm nominated for favorite social
media store so I'm nervous I'm gonna win
I don't know what I'm going to wear I
don't even know what I would say if I
won the thing and like uh what else oh
yeah one thing one thing okay now that
that's out of the way let's do today
boys and girls and donkeys let's go
I probably understand does anyone who
gets it it's me just cake oh yeah hold
on a second cake Scouts up but it does
oh these yeah all righty to the new
triple ye db2 strop today no way oh I'm
like literally in the middle of picking
out my outfit right now yeah for the
RDMs Oh nominated for an award I heard
about the IOC voted for you no way you
know I can't lose to a dog right like
I'm really going up against our little
Pomeranian dogs like I can't lose right
a lot of people you could lose through a
dog is on wanna that's right basically
what I'm trying to say is those look
great with those I mean those would look
great with my outfit if you want me to
wear them you got like a white and black
scene yeah I'll give you my car yeah so
I can yeah it's like us I cool I've got
a big good agree on some yeah no Anthony
bro we're leaving in like 10 minutes
it was at this moment that evening he
stopped oh come on okay I'm willing to
changed ready oh I love bro still a good
line dude um I gotta get girl sir yeah
now I just don't don't lose her dog Jake
don't lose to a dog one last thing okay
don't lose to dogs you know what a dog
would not have that precious shoes I
don't know
can't a kid dog can't even wear it easy
that's right so just be behind I do my
hair oh shoot
you
can we like manifest this award into my
life like we have to practice right now
like you should already be thinking that
I'm going to win you should already know
what you're going to say because
mentally that's right
I practice and the favorite social media
star award goes to Jay Paul is now a bad
time to ask for a thumbnail gosh I get
it cuz I'm like a social media stock
yeah I would have been really bad if we
lost to a dog all of us humans so I'm
gonna turn first to human mankind and I
want to thank Disney Channel for letting
me be a part of Disney and you know
giving me the opportunity to be beyond
is aardvark and take my social media
skills to the next level I want to thank
everyone on Team 10 that are behind the
scenes who don't get recognized as much
Kate speiser
Nick Crumpton Erica Castel Jack Bell my
Linh thank you guys so much
let's go ahead I really think the for
mankind thing let it off strong yeah I
think it should include that when you
win yeah I'm going to literally say
exactly what I just said
when I win because I'm going to win kids
this is called manifesting you can
manifest things into your life if you
want something say you're going to get
it and you'll get it trust me
this is a Jake polish say what's up to
the Jake Wallace that's the date column
a are we going in this car that's lit
let's go you get on the other side yeah
thank you like thanks I'll see you cave
I hope you win man I hope you win
thank you for all we sit always yeah
just so official bro we're just kids
from Ohio my car we don't need all this
treatment all right guys so we are
meeting up with Nick and chance they're
meeting us there later we have to go to
the red carpet and what's really cool
about this whole thing too is that Tessa
is dancing at the RDMA so like we got
the full teen 10 load out my boy Anthony
is getting some transition shots let's
go to the RDM HQ
all right they pull us we're about to be
had already amazed but before that last
night check out this prank that we
pulled on Jenna oh my gosh so much is
upstairs right now all of this haunted
stuff is going on inside of our houses
100% real
wonder something we're all like truly
like scared but why add some pranks in
doing it I mean it's coming out the
right behind ya it is not the right time
but I'm back yeah let's do it
so we got this up fake blood right here
jake has it's really like Chris go look
that he pulled off what is creepy right
but yeah so I'm going to make it seem
like I killed Anthony and have James
like walk down the stairs freaking out
alright so I lay here on the floor and
I'm up with the blood call me Picasso
too far this is good a one-legged
exchanged up
y'all look oh that's good i'ma get the
Ouija board yeah
don't I need to know if you were joking
or not right there oh dude my heart's
literally beating out of my chest right
now
that's not even it's not a good time to
do this bro it you let your bathroom
light just turn on without touching it
like ten true I'll get brown my life
it's all good okay no more no more like
just yeah no no like this
yeah isn't this gonna be a thing yeah
yeah yeah pretty creepy Jake ballers we
made it we all your fans a Lighting's
not to be messed up all the Lighting's
messed up
the ladies messed up okay let me fix the
lighting all right I fix the light and
we're back wow you're about to walk on
the red carpet I don't know why it's red
mothers expense of all these haters that
work Jenn and dads I was yeah work it
work and they're supposed to take
pictures of uh oh yeah
yo the Jake powers are here they're here
they're lie they're out there present
problem like we always do families make
sure no but that's not the end of it
that's not the end of it are you
supposed to interview me can I interview
you
how'd you get so beautiful all right is
this edible you know life is amazing
right yeah are you a Jake Paula
today I am hey my girl that's my guy
I love you guys I love you I'm a signer
stuff got a chance there Anthony ah all
right Jake Walters we just got done with
the red carpet it was not it it was lit
but now we're walking inside this venue
yo check it out yes ma'am peep peep peep
this you guys they call us take the vlog
take it oh yeah
sup guys we have a my believe on the
stage yeah good for me I'm just joking
come on thank you thank you all for
coming
I don't know but look how thicknesses
again hold it those dope all right oh we
don't are we dope or don't I guess not
weirdo I take polish I don't know what's
going on we're kind of walking all over
the place yeah so things might get a
little bit random yeah random but we
like that but we like it just Tom's up
there oh no no I just found out that my
competitions of stairs going up against
jiff Tom go get your favorite social
media stuff you love what oh sorry I
don't want your father that's right give
me that little puppy Pomeranian
where's it from oh hey hey no hi Oh what
are you doing here I am I got invited
yeah I vote except just don't you come
what's up don't worry you think you're
better than me I think you're going to
win favorite social media start na Sam
the jig colors are right here numbering
got them the mistake he say it to our
face Jim you're going balance how can
you even tell people to vote for you -
just a puppy I'll see you on stage when
I win okay hey hey hey no just a
Porter's here honestly chick is like
really cute well you should have thought
that madam but you definitely cutest but
he's going down yeah you're scared of
the dick politic you can't even look at
them in the eye
that was dope right yeah we're like
gangsters right don't even look back
just walk away
why you want to go to the team penthouse
you want to be signed I mean let's see
what you got what you got yo yo she's
ready for team time that's my girl
I don't know right I'm taking all the
pictures all the ladies all the stands
you vote for me or diphthong yeah ready
one else was you're going down you're
calm we got one Supporter so sorry three
two Flint bro I hope they don't loosen
up where'd I go where'd we go gotta want
to catch
say colors echo come on
this is amazing Leila Oh God
I this is amazing like I'm speechless
it's everyday bro I thought for sure
that jiff was going to win my mom and
dad called me they said that yo if you
lose to a Pomeranian you're not allowed
to come home so I can go home tonight
thank you guys thank you to everyone who
voted for me Jake parlours I want to
give a big thanks to Disney Channel
bizarre bark the cast Olivia Madison
Ethan Devore thank you guys and everyone
on Team tandem helps with the behind the
scene stuff case wiser Nick Crompton
Erica Jack Bell love you guys food what
up no thank you
you have your taking it up in is edible
I guess that one located will I stole it
I made space on the trophy wall for
nothing my Lego I did it yo oh wait it's
all here I thought you're gonna see
Harvey in this one I wasn't mad I could
have said it without even feet that's my
girl
Lele knows Lele knows
take Pollard's guys we've opened it we
won they thank you guys so much
I'm a recap this later in the vlog but
right now I feel back in I'm speechless
guys thank you so much yo yo we did it
and we all did it
I'm gonna do oh we hasn't stopped
recording is the copyright expires Nick
Jonas he's reading this speech and
reading it I was up to don't okay that's
not exactly comfortable to like you know
probably don't watch it you should I'm
about to leave the event with family yo
hiring and I think we're gonna die right
now
I thought you did a good job back thank
you you asked you look guys
Jeff um just texted me he's like
congrats with a Jif emoji don't I love
you just sorry I had to win I mean I'm
not sorry Jerry Lawler's just got home
like I still cannot believe how much you
guys support me on a day-to-day basis
and I just seriously like want to say
thank you so so so much this is our
award we won this together and I
couldn't have done it without you guys
and I could've done without you guys
about it bro Tesla you guys are live we
did it t pen we're just getting started
baby Internet we're gonna grab ya and
we're gonna eat you that's as simple as
it is but I'm super super tired super
hungry oh yo we got a big video plan for
tomorrow I'm so excited about that makes
you guys are subscribe to keep up with
that check out all the new March Jake
colors I will see you tomorrow because
it's everyday bro
Boosh Jake Pollard's what's up and check
out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on a daily basis and you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 Church see you guys
tomorrow
poof
