morning Jake polish what the flip is
going on I hope you guys are having a
great day make sure you're working hard
make sure you're smiling and make sure
you're dabbing on the disgust so today
was very interesting it was super long
it's like 1 a.m. right now and let's
just go through this thing so we woke up
this morning and got a little swollen
Jake polish to polish teeth and then I
jumped on the trip good no I thought to
myself I was like yo I gotta bust out
the dirt bike because it's been a while
she hasn't been written in a while bro
you know I think the Beast needs to be
unleashed
it just it just bends in
yeah smells like aha those dumb right
yeah done did message up the floor I
know it's all good but then we decided
to like to pool on fire family oh that's
a lot okay
okay don't try this at home kids or try
it it depends really oh wow oh my gosh
oh my gosh the pool is on fire this is
helping to clean it right the lagoon is
flammable
you know the slime is actually catching
on fire do you think it's toxic
let's go inside yeah get inside nothing
there guys the craziest thing happened
to us last night off-camera just watch
Jake Pollard's I don't know you guys
might have saw my tweet last night
basically I said Ouija boards are real
do not mess with them last night we set
up a Ouija board in my closet off camera
like nothing rolling plus three candles
live and we wanted to see what would
happen and I'm only telling you guys
this so that it's documented like half
the reason I vlog it so that I can watch
this when I'm 40 years old you don't
have to believe us we are telling the
truth and if we die is this not here
it's documented so we start asking the
board questions we find out there's a
ghost named Erik we find out that this
Erik guy killed six people
we found out that he followed us back
from the insane asylum the other night
he kills in groups of three right the
only three playing the Ouija board we
stopped playing I go on Google Eric
smarter six California we find this
number of victims six birthdate 1969 if
you read more it says that his mom's
name is Paula right so all of this is
like whatever okay what do you what are
you saying Jake what who cares if he was
born in 1969
who cares if his mom's name is Paula
flashback while we're at the insane
asylum and I'm gonna put this link in
the description I'm gonna put this link
in the description so you guys gonna
read about this
flashback to the insane asylum I asked
the board
what's my mom's name the board starts to
move it goes PA and then a rock hits and
we stop the plane now
this proves that this is actually the
guy that we're reading about on the site
because his mom's name starts with a PA
and so how would it know my mom's name
he thought we asked what's your mom's
name and he started to spell out Paula
we go back up into my closet and we say
what year were you born it goes six nine
what's your mom's name we let it spell
out the whole entire thing it spells out
taller we asked him to show us something
how like show us like prove to us it
says wait it spelled out wait guys again
this is not a joke believe it or not I'm
documenting this for my own purposes so
that I can watch this when I'm older we
come into the office all of these chairs
last night we're on a plea ordered on
the ground like this we thought someone
in the house did it they all swear on
their lives that they didn't do they own
that they did not come into the office I
swear on my mom's life that this all
happened I am not joking around the team
tent house is haunted and there's a guy
named Eric Royce Leonard who is
following us around I think we have to
go back to the insane going back to get
that we do we have to go back and get
the weed you right I put in a holy water
and I'm gonna have to submerge it in
holy water Oh so I was gonna clarify the
team ten house was fine until you saw
side messing around with Ouija boards
this is your phone you three aren't you
knowing are you had tell them how like
the weird stuff that's would have the
youth experience like you like just I
don't know like I'd still kind of don't
believe it but let's keep let's do our
day we might have to go back to mental
and and I can't even talk bro I still
feel an energy all right back to you
Jake and so while all this was going
down I was freaking out I wasn't
blogging any of this but like naturally
I always record stuff but I always have
since I was a kid I bust out my phone
and start recording these chairs that
got flown across the office I didn't
film it sideways because I was like I
wasn't thinking at all and so here's the
footage yo what though
what though and then it was time to
prank chance and Anthony and tell them
that they had to move back to Ohio but
then really tell them that what watch
yeah so Jake Pollard's right now we're
about to prank chanson Anthony so we're
officially putting them on Team time
like Nick and I made the business
decision to put them on Team ten but we
can't just let it be that easy yo right
now we're about to bring them into the
office right here and I have like a
serious talk with them and be like guys
you know it's not working out you guys
got to move back to Ohio we wish you
could be a part of team 10 you have to
leave like tomorrow and give them all
these reasons and I have a conversation
with them and then we're gonna hand them
this piece of paper that says JK welcome
to team you think they're gonna be
really upset this is like your
deportation prank yeah I'm just getting
them back it was really me but well I
mean okay so imma have like a disco Pro
hitting right there which I set this
camera over here it'll blend in guys
this is like such a huge moment I'm
actually like so excited to be bringing
them on the team ten they're like my
best friends and making videos with them
and hanging out with them and trying to
conquer Los Angeles with them it's so
much fun I'm actually really really
excited and like they would help me with
my videos since I was like you know 15
years old on vine like they would be in
them helping me record them and so they
like really deserve this they understand
the hustle so I mean this is actually
like a special moment we get to bring
new members in the team ten I mean they
clean the pool so that's good enough for
me and guys we're still growing as a
family so if you think you have what it
takes to be a part of team 10
just email join at team ten official
calm and we'll check and that was that
was done if you've always wanted to make
videos and like do YouTube and act and
grow your following hit up that email
son let's do it it's time to go get him
their product um they're about to come
in
oh this is good all right I'm talking to
my cup she can hear us yes serious face
yeah basically we will be talking like a
few minutes like with us we just don't
think that it's working out with tea
time I think it's like it's like good
because like we're friends and all that
sometimes you just can't like make
friends or business you know so you make
because they're decent like we do
something I think part of it is like you
would like Tessa
Fleury
it's bad that you know like we already
had like that sort of situation once I'm
t10 so like that like needs to be
avoided it's it's fun right but I don't
think it's working out for the overall
for me it's not always me it's a it's
everyone there's a team you know yeah
that's just not gonna make sure a lot of
different things that happens with you
friction working so basically what it
means is like you guys are gonna have to
move out just as soon as possible
it sucks like I don't want to be doing
this but like it's better like nip it in
the bud now before any night go on in
the hall the fans you know are like put
them on to the mother like we're just
kind of sucks yeah yeah yeah it's like
this is it all the other like talk about
just ya know yeah you gotta make a
decision I guess it's not best yeah you
know stay here when I wanna we like put
all of it in like in July just so that
you can learn and I want you guys that
confused you know you know that's why we
made the decision to put into writing so
you like automatic to recap and Mike
just look at
like is real like there's no more like
do you want me empty ten jokes it's like
you are like your auntie ten I was just
like like everything that I had like
thought of like we were just like it's
gone like why do we like play
we got a reason there was a shot
there was no reason that you flirt with
Tessa we just announced that you're
going to UPenn and you're going back to
the ghost thing yeah who we have to
celebrate that you're on some ten you're
right let's go do some stuff let's go do
some things abundant in san asylum no no
that's not a joke yeah Marty please all
right I'm gonna start the celebration
you're on Team ten you can throw it at
the wall bro
we are so so excited for them to be on
team ten there are they're kind of cool
guys so we had to celebrate
and then while we are celebrating some
even crazier stuff happen you're lying
it is following us no no get away get
away get away you have no idea
this is from you brought me you guys are
Jake Pollard's you watch the vlog where
we went to the summit in st. Asylum and
you guys went and you bro we were gonna
go back tonight and get it back and then
like Nick was like this is the room and
then we went over there and then we were
heard like noises and were like oh we
just grab it like ran Nick bro oh well
it's a sign literally dad came back to
us and gave us the Ouija board that we
left in the insane asylum like do we
have to retake it and like we're at
online bro we need it and we have to put
it in holy water yeah we were watching
the video entrepot take posting a new
video like we gotta watch it and I just
introduce them to you alright
yeah introduce you to him and we're
watching and then we're like and they're
like oh we're going to an asylum when I
was like we'd go there like I know it
sounds we go there a lot and just like
explore you know the place like the back
of our hand there's actually like an
upstairs and then you go down there's a
good doctors room whether it's like so
Rangers on the bad like all these cabs
have you ever like being caught they're
like she have so there was a group of
like four of us one of us - Aaron got a
$75 fine for being caught in there
was under 18 so I don't know anything
about over 18 we're gonna die well thank
you for giving that to us we're gonna
we're taking his number down and we're
gonna go explore it more I'm honestly so
tripped out like there on team ten now
so yeah per usual it was time to go to
set guys congratulations seriously I'm
ro right now I am late to set so I gotta
go really fast that's going
okay so we're on set now got these giant
cameras my boy we're doing things we're
making moves with popping with popping
we got all the production people out
here shoot day yes we're dropping em s
on this production son where you at
where you at Nickelodeon what what's
that yeah I don't know this is my
parents night stick it go stand there go
stand there are you guys take ballers
yeah you watch his aardvark will you
watch the vlogs right do you have an
Instagram yeah do you follow him
the you guys are on a blog here take it
over take over the boy gang gang gang
hello I'm David you're the director yes
I am director David yes and on a scale
of one to ten how good i am i acting you
can be honest okay in terms of compared
to all the paul brothers or just to you
just me Oh 15 yeah compared to Logan
apparently I'm a better actor than Logan
I mean this is awkward not to expose
Ethan
so I beat him can you come here and
explain something we all know you have a
low self-esteem so you like the prey on
others hi I'm Jake hi hi I'm Jake yeah
but you don't have to do things like
this bro you really don't have to do
things like that no our mind you know
that that picture outside with me on the
that wasn't me right that was that was
norm right my eyes I am still Jake nice
while I was upset I literally had to
dodge a cannonball like look how close
this thing got to my face family
that's ridiculous today has been an
insane day a long day a working hard day
how crazy day
did you talk hmm okay good and a couple
of updates for you guys we just launched
kid merchandise so there's like smaller
sizes to the let's just go up that's
where we're hard to go but there's kids
merchandise sizes available now already
amazed our tomorrow we got some crazy
videos planned for you guys Jake Paulus
make sure you subscribe and we will see
you tomorrow because it's every day bro
please Jake Pollard's what's poppin
check out this new March that March is
hot boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow peace
