to the ground a mother jump right into
it so today got totally crazy
totally random and totally inspirational
let's talk okay so guys good morning
from Iowa or here yeah we are here
ladies and gentlemen take parlours the
question of the day is if you were dying
on an airplane would you blog it or
would you just die here's what we did
look really done
it's not every day wrong soon as we
review the last day I want to compare
its how he does sob columns like I
wouldn't be surprised if the little
thing came falling out although my
treatment Marion Brooklyn I think going
out like this a plane feel like in
silence I have a good with the left hand
business is like you gotta live yes did
you see that that was real yeah that's
probably pretty dumb but we did that
let's uh Iowa boys and girls how I go ha
but it's like oh oh let's go oh we're
all so great stuff cut to it like a
montage or something so what do we do
now
we're like here I got paddle shifters
that's that night we got a car our own
car we got out of the hotel with nothing
to do nothing planned we're in the
middle of nowhere then this happened Oh
like we can play the random game what's
that I don't know what that is you just
like go somewhere and then you do
something and that would get you
somewhere else go somewhere to do some
of these well okay so since we don't
know where anything is here anywhere we
go is somewhere where we don't like for
example left or right close right heads
or tails all right heads is left
heads is left we're on left yeah all
right we got to do is every corner oh
you had a lot of Township lettuce or red
move santa lettuce all right we're going
left ha first number that comes to your
head
24 24 seconds we dry for 24 seconds okay
hi how are ya
we're from here you think we got a nice
straight road to go on for 24 seconds
Arizona Tessa
Erica Lars our testers like a desert I
always do it on the spot channel destiny
oh Anthony all look at this bro we are
sick we're gonna stop the game we got to
go to whatever this is here this thing
see we found something that what happens
that's what happened plan this might be
a photo op you know he says do not enter
shot enter yeah yeah it's a random game
it seems important they're leaving
because they're scared I definitely
don't think I'm allowed to be driving up
here okay now we're gonna give you a
tour of Des Moines Iowa
that's the Moines Iowa and that's it
look sick I got as logging I'm gonna
vlog not are you vlogging just take that
it's a vlog you don't want it okay you
can have the camera I sure yeah
just say hi yes I grab it and say hi I'm
not sure this is a Polish high school
project yeah
sorry why they don't know this love life
then you know I had to bust out the whip
game you uh get breakfast Kate I mean
breakfast it says that I got some no no
oh great outdoors aha
and then things got all random okay is
it like Britain where no no the wrong
side of history it's reliable we're
still the United States okay sorry
clearly we have a lot of time to kill I
have to speak on stage at the young
entrepreneur convention later which is
about to be look but yeah we're just
killing time right now oh look we're
back in the same spot
man we were hungry so we went to
McDonald's to go get some food and there
were some Jake polish there my man
here's a James Pollock what's going on
before anything Daniel we get that
McDonald's so W no not out Daniel and
McDonald yeah take it
Billy camera Francis no you got it they
get involved yet hey Daniel if you get
fire we're sorry please email keep then
don't worry we'll hire you don't worry
Daniel take the camera yeah I'm gonna
Paul take the camera yeah we got them in
trouble with their boss sorry guys you
can blog just blog yeah we got it okay
bye
I love you they don't want their
employees to vlog it's okay though
and then it was time to go to the
convention and meet some Jake haulers
and drop some knowledge on everyone all
right so we just got to the young
entrepreneur convention I don't know
what to expect
let's go do it family low gang or Jake
ballers Oh
the trend now kids but so three mid one
no we talked about it yeah but I
realized I still thought about getting
kissed I'm a little traumatized I
rewatched the vlog and it hit me twice
yeah it was worse than I got
all right so we're in Iowa we got all
the Jake ballers right here guys no not
one
what who your favorite aunt in 10 drama
in the drama will pause the drama yes
let me know everything about content I'm
very impressed
she's asking me if chess is real you're
saying why is he on Twitter in there
Who am I gonna have twin babies with I
don't know it's so real I think that the
girls because you always thought that
we're going together so well oh my god a
saboteur
the young savages I'm teaching these
kids best things it was honestly so
awesome meeting everyone oh my gosh
and then this kid's friend out of
nowhere looks exactly like chance your
friend looks so much like chance oh my
god it looks so much like chance
shoutout to juice and so that reminded
me of chance and I wanted to check in
with everyone back at the team penthouse
and see what they're up to and this is
the clip that they said okay though all
you got guys get out of my shot and then
we went into some more like business and
knowledge to hash tag business bro
alright so we just finished him talk I
have to go on stage now and answer some
questions look at all these beds look at
all these beds it's like the chicken
thing no I'll put the clip
and then the date haulers started
roasting Logan oh my gosh so we're like
we're honestly waitress at is bro Erica
if you tell them to do all right
then it was time to meet some more Jake
ballers and jump some knowledge on them
too okay thing Cameron Cameron it scared
of the camera and then I'll just go on
stage and talk for 45 minutes I don't
know what I'm going to talk about but uh
we talked about me to your board okay
I'm gonna do that actually case Goss
appearance celebrity shot come up there
hey how you doing kid and then whoa guys
that event was so much fun speaking on
stage I was a little bit nervous
Jake polished thank you for going
through that with me how did I do guys
now you think you like slated what are
you going bro flip and killed it yeah
you did say I was your favorite
Oh oh my I did say that I did say that
Kate is my favorite person on team ten
she just said a little diner ride you
coulda gotten out of that's true no one
knows who that is right yeah but no
little Donny red is actually that's my
new favorite sorry kid you guys probably
don't even know who little Donny red is
it's this guy he's into my luggage once
he's animated so Jay collars it has been
an amazing day thank you guys so much
for following along today's post
notification shout-out goes to Joseph
McKinley guys if you want to post
notification shout out all you have to
do is turn on my post notifications and
comment when you are done we're going
back to Los Angeles tomorrow morning so
I will see you then that's awesome stuff
planned for you Jake Pollard's we'll see
you tomorrow
because it's every day brought booze
Jake Pollard's what stop and check out
this new March
oh that merch is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited-time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
chequered see you guys tomorrow
peace
