Oh God my god good morning Jake
Pollard's I hope you guys are having a
great day today Josh in saying before we
get into that guys I just want to say
one thing I hope you guys are smiling I
hope you guys are working hard I hope
you guys are dabbing on the haters so
this morning started off with the boys
they were sleeping her usual
they don't want it cuz all the clips
down come on boys come on boys get out
guns Moo Tina's butthere's wake up wake
up buddy pick up come on come on I don't
none of them is that yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah does not affect you are you up yeah
get up well get up it's not as long
let's go my friends love me and then I
realized something guys this is insane
oh my gosh y'all is it this is actually
a joke right now
my mom has 100,000 subscribers on
YouTube my mom how how oh my god she
only has like a couple videos look at
this copying my sub nail that looks like
my son now watch go to my channel keep
that in mind keep that thumbnail on mine
oh wow does it look similar at all mom
how do you have 100,000 subscribers yo
like what I was literally just talking
about this with chance and Anthony like
people spend their whole oh my god and
hey but yo you need to stop chopping my
thumbnail don't worry just posted No
alright you forget about it mom forget
about it there yo my mom is out here on
YouTube selling people's houses
she stole my series - what are you doing
mom alright I can't even I can't even
sew
Kilis how is that even possible like to
Jake Pollard's are so strong BAM
then after that after I was done for you
know we decided to mess with Erica yo I
was messing with Erica yesterday doing
this thing I like if you were big social
messages often like if you were dude if
you were Eddie Erica erica erica erica
open up huh if you were we would snail
bite you if you're dude we'd work out
together
hey guys come just storming it where you
going
or we going Oh Lizzy go dang kid I think
you're going you want to know you pack
your back for what your easy buck
therefore what I forget yeah what we
have to go on a plane in a few hours go
is it really seriously huh did you value
in pack no but we've gotta go in a
couple hours where we going oh that's
right yeah no I'm not packed it off in
the ash back right what was the thing
that we're doing her oh I got beer dude
Erica if you're dude I still date you
yeah in the vlog you look better
yeah this is rewatch okay cool yes I'll
replay on that if you were a dude I
would they be really good dick honey I
love you I love you a lot Oakland and I
had to pack because I forgot I had to go
to Iowa logos I gotta go yeah oh my god
and then if you were me why do you keep
I would make you and then that's a Tessa
we got a riddle for you everyone okay
yeah I'm kind of slow though like I have
a slow test here so this might take me
back okay oh okay hypothetically I don't
know where you require these things left
in a hypothetical work you have one ton
of brick one time of bricks little Rick
bricks to build a house like my favorite
sure sure not now now you do and over
here it would ton of feathers like a
feather in a pillow so you have these
two piles next to each other so which
one wait I feel he's already came
through me breaks businesses I feel like
an me breakfast a feathers okay so it's
always an Erica you want you to jump in
on this kid I think you need Erica's
help that's I think she has her answer
half to five and one pile give one ton
of brick and in this pile of peers you
have tons feathers so theoretically they
had both of these piles which one way
the quantum break yeah and it's on a
positive they weigh exactly the same oh
that's gotta be tough over here that's
okay yeah yeah and then the drama got so
real oh my god they're gonna care yo we
can spin the drama wheel but like we all
know that you're you are really mad this
morning you want to just say it you want
to get it off your chest we can all
figure we can all be oh wow one no you
got it you gotta let it out let it out
otherwise it's gonna build up and you're
gonna explode here today no come on
thank you for coming into the drama room
you are quite the feisty one this
morning huh yeah why is that well
because everybody in this house is so
disrespectful when it comes to cleaning
up anything like we pay in one month for
this house what some people make in a
whole year and everyone's living here
for free yeah and they just leave their
Scout everywhere like two days ago I
cleaned up 14 protein bar wrappers off
the floor like they can't even pick up
the protein wrappers and put them in the
garbage and then yesterday we have your
date people are like put like throwing
cake and stuff and leaving it there okay
so that's two examples and then this
morning I text everybody nicely in the
group chat and like tell them that
they're annoying and two please clean up
and I said it nicely like you told them
that they're annoying but nicely yeah oh
that's that Elliot the edges look like
art looks like that was nice okay and
then I came home from the gym an hour
later and there was the whole entire
mess is still there and when you do go
to the gym no I do not sometimes
so anyways they're living here for free
I'm always going to clean up the mess
because I'm the only one who has OCD
about cleanliness around here and then I
get mad and they just keep messing it up
that's how I feel yeah well I didn't
tell there's a lot of emotion there and
I hired Georgina to come twice a week
instead of once a week and there's still
a problem also our pool it stinks
outside and I feel you didn't just go on
for this thank you gonna be okay Erica
yeah well you're gonna be okay I'm not
setting up that mess yeah is that no it
looks like you're the one that's really
clean
that's it doesn't have any ID oh yeah no
no is that yeah no it looks it looks
clean it looks really clean yeah she's
it yeah yeah all of you guys listening
yeah that's was the listen just wait for
the vlog and then that turned into such
a horrible idea I regret it it was weird
but it happened okay oh my gosh just
we're playing the game right now I just
came up with this idea it's ultimate
savage level and
you know if you're not about the
savagery then you know that's a shame on
you but you have to spin the drama wheel
and whoever's name it lands on you have
to get them o chances always no matter
who it is Erica yeah it's of all about
your want levels right now folks ladies
and gentlemen you want to play right yes
their little Jason are you playing uh
can you play what are you playing
wow that savaged only oh hi Oh this
proves that mission is better or greater
what's its 2017 bribe you kind of
running $10 you look at look at now and
lift that's not a bribe and dollars $10
right 30 now 40 that's all you got
this is why Ohio's popping close I'm
saying Michigan L Michigan Oh wherever
you're from L California our Michigan L
made good their goodness optimally got
like 1.7 I'm good I'm the mother to
anyone just 18 and under in this house
I'd be really strange size care I mean
it's legal
yeah those leave in again it'll spin
again so legal and yeah what I got to do
screaming out he gets to he's not even a
citizen it sounds like a cop-out he
wasn't making excuses
Nick is down mixdown all right guys
seriously none of you Wow
all the comments are going to be while
you guys are no fun and boring have fun
in the office same are you coming Thanks
I made it Ohio is the best that's why
none of them had as many subscribers or
go so I mean it's just us so it's
probably down yeah I think I'll just hit
each other once or no result to spin the
wheel it's kind of like bro I like to
push myself outside my comfort zone
thing like I'm not you're not if you're
not if you're inside the box you're not
doing it right doing it right yeah doing
it right it's acting it's like I don't
feel comfortable advice from the wheel
as you kiss you I don't want to do that
do it I would hate to do that but is
like you have to push yourself and it
just happens to be the limit that we're
pushing ourselves to today and they
don't understand
push the limits kids let's see who am I
going to land them oh this kind of just
got real oh-oh-oh-oh but now you guys
want to be a part of it you now you want
to be a part of it chant on it we have
the tenth row it's not kiss I'll tag you
in a photo oh wait really yeah on
Saturday yeah it is why are we doing
this no worries it you know I thought
there were girls gonna be involved we
made a lunge on her and then we just
said alright it's fine right happens
list alright last chance no
all right get it over with okay and want
to throw a wig on no I think oh yeah I
hated that that's one of the worst
things but bro now my comfort level is
like your passive over here we're
outside the box
row now the energy is oh did someone
spin the wheel spin the wheel spin the
wheel spin it give myself that was a
powerful spin Wow
it's about still going no I
Wow okay okay okay okay
what does it say Erica what was it about
you kissing aircraft all the trash oh
just fire your turn spin the wheel spin
the wheel because she came for a while
bro she shot a dog oh you got this man
where did this keep on I would have
guessed Emilio so I thought I cut at the
Posche of it okay
who is it pass oh you see you get
another spin I was kind of cool I was
like anything to do with our own boys Oh
own choice you have to choose
yeah it's use dude oh it's this way deke
oh I don't know I got excite what no I
don't know why I got excited mom bro you
got it you know I've already done
they're in the zone now it's just like a
lankan where do we yeah is it good
I don't like is weirder with him
yesterday
yeah we didn't grow up together yeah
okay brother
okay good it looked like he licked his
lips like you just Park it up for that
he was ready yeah you're good yeah
all right chance it's time for him to
stay right there I'll spend for him my
challenge right you're spinning for a
chance
I mean chance Nathan your own choice
is that me yeah it was your choice Nick
what he's like a sick and I see he's got
to go for it yeah he's like I have any
idea what yeah I don't have a hetero
reaction that's a cute couple
what is that kick Nance Nance hashtag
Nance
zip it tweet everything straight live
there I put in the password no he dead
yeah you're here you didn't know we need
you but try and kiss kiss all right yeah
yeah in the back of the neck we're gonna
hold Kay down
Oh God Oh God come on was it even gross
I feel empowered those good right well
who want jumped out oh my god jacket
that shot I don't know if that's legal
yeah probably my like someone ordered
pizza again did I just see you kiss
another guy okay I see you kiss a guy no
no I just out here the whole time
you were not you're denying it you have
to hide it I don't know
do you guys I'm off now if it happen
again first aha you want to tell us
something you can yeah I quit what do I
have to give back what I owe the company
anything you keep everything okay
another tattoo yeah let me see this
tattoo laser removal not good at all you
get that off yeah I won't won't call oh
cool so my going to Iowa by myself then
oh all right okay please stay to it
you've worked on you liked it you liked
it rough come on bro you're blushing
oh how you guys gonna do this to me
right now do what which one of you was
it I have my eyes closed the whole time
it was Jen that's the worst one it could
have been your daughter buzzer and why
this a week before Thea they're not
matter you liked it right you like this
we like can we like big this a bond for
life means I do this w a Midwest bond
yeah Midwest honest but like boy I
wouldn't do that no more kissing can we
just have a good midwest over here yeah
no we won't say Ohio will stay mid women
way like men what you were good way
thank you Kay for being a good sport
that's good yeah well I know I know you
Loki wants to kiss chance
that's what happens when he talks smack
about the Midwest it was good right yeah
I think so and so Jake ballers it has
been a quick savage day it is like three
o'clock right now I have to run to the
airport but tomorrow is about to be so
much fun guys make sure you're
subscribed make sure you check it out
the new merchandise and make sure you're
coming back every day I will see you
tomorrow because it's every day bro push
Jake Pollard's what
and check out this new March whoo that
merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
