oh I got here oh yo who you calling bro
oh he called his mom oh it's so bad Jake
Polish what the hell is going on cuz you
know part usual I started this morning
off the boys were sleeping and I was
like yo let me break out that smoke bomb
and smoke them out of there cuz how's my
hair
I don't care watch this clip them this
is what happens when you wake up late at
the team that house is like 10 o'clock
right now and they're just getting ready
so this is such a fast
hold it hold what we called it stop
mundo oh I don't hear you enough to open
doors good morning testa how are you
sorry I kind of thought it would happen
but oh my god oh my god oh that's bad
that bathroom what did you do rubber
seals it survived like we grabbed it
open your window grabbed it threw it out
out what in the bathrooms close the door
just holler - we're ready
it's literally gonna smell so bad in
there right you are don't sleep in
everything penthouse
I will let you guys deal with that guys
you want your breakfast cool so we let
them deal with it
and we went to eat just great and then
well you know just watch this is we this
is absolutely ridiculous 500,000
subscribers in three weeks
you know what got guys this is you do
know that like youtubers work their
whole lives like years like eight years
you two like 10 years 11 years now since
YouTube started and they don't have
500,000 subscribers got a theory well
well what you got to work smarter not
harder
oh okay our best friend Jay Paul fastest
growing number one therefore oh we've
been popping ah it's not that we don't
work hard we do it takes chance and
Anthony like and subscribe you know I
mean their tactics I mean I can't be mad
I can't be mad it's working you know so
yeah yeah roll the clip but you're
saying work hard and smart
yeah a while just needs to go through
then hold on okay so you're saying there
was anything then is up there one step
their game up and maybe you know find a
youtuber that big oh yeah I'm happy in
there you got a hog I mean like I'm not
like we're like no new friends like we
kind of grew up speed on y'know yeah
that makes sense
and then we started messing with dessa
so these are eggs yeah these are your
eggs I don't know yo what's up right how
are you I'm good hey yeah yeah hey
please do it ah yeah okay we're done
we're done we're done
Dragutin grab the pen I guess yeah we're
done I'm sorry that's right I'm sorry
clean it up I'm sorry at common sorry
hey why do you say that shirt oh wait I
oh oh yeah where were you from where US
border oh we're from
good okay good form for the first time
Oh feel it your blood and stuff you want
to do it one more time when we're kind
of work together yeah yeah okay ready
how I want to third oh yeah well
converting everyone in the United States
the Ohio Midwest Hollywood is whether
America oh hi oh oh my god he can
acknowledge then ray of course asked me
a question that I commonly get asked all
the time where you find all these twins
bro hi brothers do you also understand
bro there's different types bro
it's like cars yeah Lambos cars did they
speak Spanish oh that's definitely a
lamb you speak Spanish right Okolona
yeah cool disease although we are
talking about what we spoke in English
there was a little bit of an accent
there right we're like literally
freaking English where you can
understand with that Saanich that was
Spanish okay I really think I'm gonna
have twin babies one day Bates got to
happen they're good they're good twins
man they're really good good job Wow
yeah you better get an alien on YouTube
we hit it are you hit
I lose ocular if you did laughs do these
a little bit okay and were you been like
I'm coming oh yeah oh you're happy yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna pass PewDiePie so no
we're going to last you a beautiful
series why were you at are your views
even monetized cuz no not haha
and yeah the big moment chance and
Anthony's dates from across the world
Denmark flew all the way to Los Angeles
and they were here and they got here
that was better the second time I think
your dates are here
wait where's she go go go answer the
door oh you know go get Go Go
ah no no yes we've long everything it's
always on
yeah I'm Jake I'm Jake what is it yeah
and see you Cecilia oh thank you I don't
know where chances I know that's good
um are you guys nervous yeah I'm nervous
- I'm nervous - like I'm nervous for you
because like you guys they're crazy
they're crazy right yeah Derek oh oh
well they're like already friends that's
all right now it's just going great guys
we're going to bond for a second you
have to be a good host bro what are you
doing you're trying to trying to film a
video be a good host and show them the
team gonna do it or what or as I matured
Janson chance - pissed me off hi that's
a couple right there I just saw that bad
bad chemistry
no bro because haha a Thursday want
anything to drink
I'm a ladies man you know chubs
naturally good it's going great like
bonding sup guys hey John John I have
left
they're never really married right
they're super good he's walking around
like here's the living room then being
that you know just why they kiss each
other yeah let's get there little girl
we're like yeah I mean I'd kind of mean
I'd be nervous Anthony - Anthony was
nervous yeah well Thank You Brett I
never talked to a girl maybe he just
asked like yeah they talk about girls
but they don't talk to you girl yeah you
guys are going to get food right now
yeah yeah I don't want to start things
off like on a bad note but can't scoop
done himself yesterday yeah yeah man
they're very bad comparison your kids I
love it yeah come on go you know sorry
okay so cute right and then the drama
wheel god is so hot sorry the drama
wheels got so real real physically we're
gonna be
we're gonna be who's it gonna be who's
gonna be there gonna be who's gonna be
oh no yes I'll do together yes
talk about Martinez twins yeah
welcome to the drama a room yeah is your
first time right yeah oh yeah we're
doing this job man oh okay thank you
some girls what news they want to cook
us dinner
oh all right cool now get out okay
Martinez twins um do you have something
that you want to talk about like that's
been Maya on your mind something in the
house you can yeah and there's members
to my nerves to time that they were real
with us thank you Matt they were yeah we
are mad at you yeah really weird like
the first day snow removal well this
time I can get to it is like I know who
you're talking about
yeah I used to go into the doughboys -
yeah tennis because they're twins right
yeah yeah so we wanted to call up with
them you want to declare yes until
finding funny things with them because
they are cool make you laugh yeah I
thought that they were cool I was like
like good with them and we're trying to
be good with them when they they were
like weird like lady we followed them
but they don't follow oh yeah we
actually follow them they don't follow
ow sorry our cow that's drowning people
yeah I know that people ask for them
yeah that fans always ask about that so
they say whether the do you you're the
reason that they're not here yeah and
that's real this is real life stuff you
know that it's real life I know that I
know you're right but we still love them
yeah we will always love them
yeah they don't love you
it's kind of it's like me and my
ex-girlfriend you know yeah okay it's
hers well thank you for thank you for
opening up you know what make you marry
Matt yeah it's hard to put your life out
there
you know crazy yeah in a good way good
job okay don't go don't cry it means the
drama wheel we're done hiding things fam
everything's out there and then we have
a new pool boy come because the other
one got fired
whoa the new pool guys good luck well
that pool we're not a new pool guy yeah
I know okay so we fired the old pool guy
because he just destroyed the neighbors
lawn yeah like look Hannah ugly hat yai
has a little straw yeah
wait wisely so rift oh my god Jackie yo
now I know that the stories about pool
games like with life what's up we're not
going to win over this guy serious about
his job
yeah well I guess you've got like the
case let me call you back we're being
weird yo he's yeah I'm a cup of water
I'm access them about the alkalinity and
you're like chemical balance Peter knows
okay what I feel thank you Hey look do
it all
yeah well messed up right you don't know
what's your name yeah just my name is
yeah let's meet you Jake filming our
videos yeah by the most rip pool guys
I've seen a lot yeah thanks what if I
get into stuff in our videos yeah you're
so cool it's cool like a happen which is
what bro clothes he's getting paid for
this right you'll have to go on a date
with chance Anthony if you go on to it
well whoa whoa whoa this is a business
transaction mom assign them to team
tenth Jeff what just wanted Oh so weird
right now I'm like where did our though
so this is like team tent this is a team
ten house and basically like we just
yeah we do like a bunch of social media
stuff are you a model in your free time
nice deal so why'd you up in Mike no is
this life is this real life right hey
you know what
no they are yeah just put your number in
row and no the next members of team 10
week but it's pretty awkward as though
something like laughs that's hard to
compete with Oh what okay I'm getting
one I'm already
where'd you guys meet like Instagram
Facebook nice no yeah wow that's pretty
impressive
yeah so he's taking you Jenna
I'll be have your numbers later you good
on team ten night I won't touch I
promise I promise I like doesn't you
don't love you right right cool great
idea is that he maybe let you know he
just took two girls from you guys
through that that is a key latina I
don't know why he was so ripped but he
left and then you know it was time to
put myself to the test cause like y'all
let me challenge myself cuz I already
bathe in icy hot that's not a good idea
and then I would like yo let me eat some
of this oh so you guys don't know what
icy hot is first it like is really cool
and then it like burns meat it's just
gonna like it's the worst throw each
other it's like break the seal not
really open honest are you hoping there
you want to touch it no I don't want to
touch it
you want to smell it oh yeah it's just
if you know that's real yeah alright
that's real that's a good amount bro
this is so savage bro damage but not
that bad it's gonna hurt Oh got your
tongue dry it's on guys oh yeah giant I
know I said that'll make it worse yeah
alright put it on your thigh for our bow
and show us don't show what you tellin
shows your photo is the real come on Oh
Oh who's next
alright oh that nobody okay bro oh oh
that's awful no we're not doing it he's
all dumb he's all know we're sick
we're chica oh I got here yet oh yo who
you calling roll oh it's on his mom oh
it's so bad you know there are you're
calling your mom oh yeah
what'd I do what banana
Oh wha no banana plug try chocolate here
buddy nut butter oh yeah thank you good
are you good Finn Wow
so hot yeah there's a funny man calling
me oh why do you have a heart mr. name
hold on oh I love it I back up can we
talk about it in Ohio for a minute you
swallowed you is dead bro listen serious
though they could not react like that
I've not seen or heard that bad since I
see a bath challenge imagine that is
inside of you like listen to him oh it's
so messy I couldn't say nice oh I
thought that husband touch
Oh a chance doing it but like Alli you
are
that's a real friend right there they're
all trying to take after why didn't have
or don't want me dude bro your mom
called me freaking out like wanted to
call the police bro your saddle but
chances up now no I was talking about
that was so dumb
don't do that at home guys I don't know
why I did that and then it came time for
my audition because I'm an actor bro big
audition and that's where I'm about to
go to now but I had to practice for it
so J colors it has been a little enough
eating here there's a ton of new
merchandise like this out now take
Polish I'll see you tomorrow because
everyday bro first Jake Pollard's what's
up and check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Church see you
guys tomorrow
