oh god this is getting really real
you guys are the Jake ballers and
welcome to my late go to check on you do
Gus we're gonna start today off without
that where do I weigh so you guys no
chance all I do is sit up in the rooms
and play video games I respect that I
respect that that's their job you know
twitch thought that this means we got to
mess with them all the time and I
figured since he loves video game so
much you know video games have that
smoke bombs they have flashbangs that
video games half of this stuff and so I
figured why not turn the video game into
real life
so Anthony is sitting up there right now
playing his video game and we're putting
a hidden camera up there to capture us
throwing the smoke bomb through the
window I can't I can't miss bro I'm like
Tom Brady and I got a hotter wife put
your belt on I saw it in a movie where
he did it
I'm working on my course there's nothing
good morning
Jake Rick so oh my god Oh perfect so I
went through the window I accidentally
went through the window good morning
Jake ballers
honestly this is the second time we've
broken that exact window open horse on
my tom brady throw the second one
definitely went through the window but
they did yeah welcome to our life skies
you just became a part of today's
journey and you just became a part of
the team ten house
oh no not my brand-new iPhone what I was
trying to say guys is that as the squad
team 10 and this is our house and
speaking of our house guys today is a
day of home improvements oh talking
about fish tanks sneak peek talking
about ziplines sneak peek in 3 and most
importantly I'm talking about tara misu
put your plug belts on guys you get
ready for today's journey my boy Andy
Andy made me this tiramisu for my
birthday I don't even know what Karen
was shoe it does anybody know what Tara
Tara miss do zoo zoo it on me so pooping
my zoo pooping the zoo very soon Terran
migrant tear in my soup that assume
assume it's me sue thank you so much
Andy that means the world of me and it
brings me to my next point and shimmy
tara misu across the country for my
birthday still hasn't got me a birthday
present she has enough time to vlog okay
good morning Pam sirs give me a I want
to Lamborghini can't afford that a
nurse's salary well maybe you need to
take ed fluence calm and take the course
right now and learn how to monetize your
social media classes always plug kids
but guys speaking of desserts and
pooping my zoo tara misu or whatever the
heck it's called last night all of team
ten like went to this ice cream store
and things went bad I also just realized
that I'm like really weird I'm weird
okay I get it
well yeah I'm weird I picked my nose I
try the ice cream with a mask on roll
the clip
but mom I figured out what I want you to
get me for my birthday can you buy me a
replacement window for this that's all I
want I have everything else
I told you today's a day
first of all Sydney's my assistant but
I'm speaking of Sydney I know but I
don't new window Becky no Sydney P 42
Wallaby Way Street Sydney Australia from
the movie Finding Nemo and speaking of
Finding Nemo Nemo is a fish and this
morning we had some fishy problems
seriously roll the sometimes in life
guys you have good problems so today is
one of those moments the first step of
the fish tank is going in today guys and
this is this is actually the fish tank
right here but the problem is is that
it's so big you need a forklift to put
it in and we can't just like carry it
into the house we have to use the
forklift to get it up in two of the
house oh man No
yo if you drive to Carlos the driver
colors and not only is the fishtank guy
too big to go through the house it's got
to go up to the second story
oh we're gonna have such cute fishies in
there though all for the fishies right
it held it by Nemo listen
I mean though I think it's gonna be one
of those forklift fail videos right now
no let's go up there let's go up there
let's go up there look at how big this
thing Wow am I decided to go with
freshwater guys because like everybody
does saltwater and I'm not basic like I
don't drink Starbucks I don't wear Gucci
- I don't buy expensive watches my
expensive watch PA - like I okay I don't
even yeah this is interesting that like
this oh wow what's happening here I mean
it's pretty obvious one extra hand you
know I didn't want to be like too cocky
you know and just like show everyone my
muscles although I did workout this
morning roll the clip it was really
getting excited for the fish like I can
almost not contain myself yeah yeah busy
made it to the room guys all this help
that I'm doing it is really getting me
tired but I'm pushing through however
this is where we run into another
problem once you fill this fish like 400
500 gallons full of water it becomes
like what how much does it weigh 5,000
pounds
that's like 5000 times 1 that's like
2,500 times - if we don't set it up
correctly the fish tank could actually
go through the floor and it would land
directly right right about here huh
sitting you should you should probably
move because it's like the fish tank
goes through the floor
yeah I've seen videos have you seen it
you've seen the videos where they're
like partying at colleges and they all
go through the floor same thing but fish
tank
anyways to solve the problem we need to
place this steel frame directly over as
many beams as possible 73 at least three
beams by the beam we got the beams right
here is that why you had to drill the
whole time that would be why see this is
one Nick is here guys
oh my god it's so Johnny the reason why
I'm getting such a big tank it's that
fun number one this is the most lit
youtube channel which leaves me the
point to if I have the most lit YouTube
channel I've gotta have the most lit
room and the most room simple math you
need a fish tank
we should have died to get there
would've been cooler if you join in yeah
take two we need so much cooler I'm
legitimately a fish
I'm so excited the fish thing's gonna be
worked on for the next couple of days
I'm gonna do a big reveal video for you
guys so you could see the whole entire
thing there's a TV that like raises out
of it in Stowe oh no like I said guys
today is a day of home improvement and
earlier this morning he's walking around
the house and I came up to the third
storey here and I was like Road nothing
like is up here no one comes up here
like and then all of a sudden I'm right
here looking at this and that came up
with a terribly good idea we have the
idea well of here's the idea insane
indoor team 10 mansion 60 mile-per-hour
zipline vlog dangerous scare fail jig
pause we need to do something with all
this space so is room for activities
zipline attached to our money as the
anchor from the third floor through this
main area all the way down straight into
the fireplace why because these logs are
fire baby
so we're gonna need a harness we're
gonna need rope we're gonna need a crash
pad I wasn't even paying attention to be
honest I was thinking about the ona I
counted to five
okay indoor team ten 60 miles per hour
Jay Paul deep ten mansion human anchor
dangerous near dad the zipline on three
one two a couple of hours building the
zipline and it is done guys we got
supplies we got our money as the anchor
somewhat tight some would say not tight
I would say not tight and all we have to
do now is not cut out the railing to
give us a clear path through these balls
and into the velcro crash pad this is a
really bad idea I feel like I said this
all the time but this is the worst thing
you've ever done so now we're down here
and you guys could see that this is a
Velcro
crash landing pad and I'm going to put
on this Velcro suit to stop the impact
and the speed of this giant zipline
cut the rally
no an old school one hour later
three hours later 2,000 years later it
just dawned on me what we're doing it's
not really now guys adults whatever you
do do not do this at home please please
don't
tell me mr. velcro man from now on thank
you oh god this is getting really real
getting so real look at the time from my
view it's just like
I'm taking over Chad just remember bro
if you stay late
oh there's a reason why they call me Dan
Nigro
I'm this teacher got yourself some of
the hottest much in the game fans Royko
backslash jake paul guys let's give it
up for our money i put my life in his
hands bro you broke my GoPro in the act
happily yeah
become a youtuber today become a vlogger
but effluence calm take my course Armani
is doing it bro bro seriously I signed
up and I'm just like it's working it's
blowing up a lot of tricks in there that
I didn't know and I'm in the house with
this man every day you don't teach me
what to do but I took the class posted
it max go now bro you can change your
life smash that subscribe button the we
will see you tomorrow because it's every
day what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys
I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
