Tanner Tanner my friend just pooped on
the floor bro bro what Lee away Jake
Pollard's what is going on
yo this scorning kind of started on a
sad note because what happened last
night
Jake Pollard's whisp often haven't slept
a lot first of all and if you watch this
to this vlog you'll know why but I'm
safe we're all safe we made it back home
yes it was like scary and but the good
news is is that were life and leave to
vlog another day and instead of like
being like oh I don't want to like post
today or like you know I'm so scared or
whatever like that's such a badass
didn't happen anything you do in life
and so I wanted to come back positive I
wanted to come back like like Cola that
affect me I want to say thank you to
everyone who was like concerned for us
like all of our stuff was dead it was
just a bad situation um so thank you for
you know being supportive and all that
but I'm going to talk to everyone in the
house and like get the vibes up again
everyone was like feeling scared and
night down I don't know I don't want to
talk about anymore we're done talking
about it let's do today I honestly
didn't even want to talk about it but
the only way that we could have come
back from that low is to go to an
extreme high also known as spongebob are
you ready
hold on one more time always that takes
you take you or you come to the house in
Los Angeles stick ball hog good morning
everybody Jake Wohlers dad wasn't haters
I hope you guys are killing it today
don't forget the work hard don't forget
to keep on smiling
what are you library I don't want to
talk about it say we're not talking
about it now or not we're not talking I
said we're not talking about it and then
things got really random Wow born and
raised Jorge Rey refill refill it aha
yes should we kill it I think we should
ask in the comments i really like ohio
yeah now we're not gonna kill it alright
cool
I didn't want to but yeah we should give
it we should give Kade Ohio merchants
she's from LSU yo okay so what else we
got you some merch row Congrats girl
Congrats bro ah yeah we're you guys oh
yeah I think it's China run you want to
try that though I shine it on protein
eating strong Martinez yeah I'm about to
be skewed here about to be like an
Ohioan boy I would do that I'll leave
that like this yeah yeah your overall is
overflowing
apparently nick was pissed off and
wanted to talk about the drama that was
going on are you mad oh I'm fine
OC man Nick what is wrong just you y'all
let's pin the drama wheel can I do you
want to just automatically go in the
drama wheel if you have something to say
oh wow yo Nick calm down what has
already happened
come on Nick step into the drama room
Nick what's wrong bro
you seem mad I'm all I'm trying to do
Jake is work work for these guys like
help them with that Korean so I said
yesterday yeah I'm just here for them
you have your computer out they all have
their complete all they're doing is
running about the house screaming and
shouting yeah
taken blogging to the knee talking um
yeah cuz you're pretty loud you
instigate most thing and all the messes
you make pretty much like the poem
that's pretty much yeah yeah you're mad
at us because you're trying to work
yeah way to be annoying yeah yeah hard
for work in those conditions I don't
think you understand how hard is the
earth love me what specifically is that
one time which we'll get a replay on
this when you came in the garage and
start your revenue motorbike yeah you're
pissed I was pissed up there yeah yeah
and another thing is people keep
bringing other people in this house the
opportune time including you another
thing like irate I brilliant people
because I'm friends with them but you're
where would say you have to say it I
friends your friends are silly
Nick they come in here and do weird
things are you talking about um like
chopped carrot funny bro I love chat but
I mean ya know I do know what you're
saying though please talking um I'm in
this little I'll go next you know bit
scared to put on camera because I could
savage shod recording my conversation
with this module here that is weird
that's weird
yeah so like at that point like I'm done
I well so funny no I still love I still
love Chad though oh you can alone Ebro
okay I mean this is a problem whoa okay
well this we got it out there it's out
there now yeah sorry Chad its I mean
it's the drama we all we got it we got
to be ruthless you know the fans want to
know what's going on so we're going to
tell them cuz I you have everything out
Nikki good I'm sure the small book till
next time okay
oh you what are you doing right now
you're watching fights you're watching
fights on the net line exactly this is
exactly what makes is talking about he
can't work qui quiet Oh Nick Nick just
go in the office bro no you need a chill
okay you think you're innocent too what
time did you wake up today and taking
things for granted my grandma she wakes
up at 10 o'clock
you're a young strapping lad bro you
need to wake up earlier and you guys
need to be quiet
he's trying to make us money bro
just let them do it you want GTRs you
want to gt-r Susie's here matte black
skyline 2018 so then shut up right yeah
what do you want to Corvette what do you
want I want to level okay so we all need
to just shut up
I mean I'm guilty of it too I'm still
yelling right now oh my gosh and then
Anthony's mom FaceTime me so I face time
to back but I'm about to FaceTime your
mom she faced time you have to call her
back that's nothing just facetiming you
yeah yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
I was on a plane is that my fault yeah
oh my gosh what just happened well that
was an iPhone okay so - it's gone
I was speaking of mom hi well I don't
even get to like see it again zombie
right there just snatched it up and this
is what Nick was talking about where he
can't get anything done so you can give
me a new phone maybe if you give me some
Coachella tickets I did we want weekend
two artists javi okay that's expensive
this week is like okay well and we need
a house okay we're going to replay on
that phone part Jesus okay so I don't
have a phone great but then after that I
realized something
wait a second your guys's dates are
coming today yeah we all forgot we all
forgot about this also what's up what's
up what's your name introduce yourself
all right bill where's my coming from
Michigan Elle Ohio is better anyways but
um yo your dates are coming the day
we're all excited I'm actually pretty
calm I think it's our first time to the
u.s. it is
you know where they come again that mark
them are Jessamyn planform yes yeah what
is it what is it yeah when's the date
Thursday yeah yeah so guys if you don't
know basically I flew fans out here to
go on a date with chance and Anthony
this is becoming a running series on the
vlogs I think it's gonna be pretty
interesting last time is Erica hustle
guys right but that does that mean that
Erica uh select in charge of likes I'm
editing up like no you have to do it bro
your guys you have to take care of
everything they want to dress up but
then it wouldn't be it wouldn't be able
to surprise I will figure it out and
then some more randomness happen guys I
don't even know how these things happen
but they do how much wood could a
woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck wood go how much wood we touched
up for diagnosing it how much wood could
a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck wood how much would you put it
back good a good day all right we're
gonna work on that we're gonna work on
it every day okay piece of them
Dali's soul-g Sheldon I said I can't
even say Sally
sold seashells by the seashore Sally so
she sure brother she show sword house
better than some of your lemon yeah
we're gonna work on this every day okay
cool and then it was time for me to
spice things up a bit with a saran wrap
prank on everyone guys this got
hilarious
all right now we are about to go to the
store and get a bunch of saran wrap you
know what that is
mm mm it's okay buddy it's okay but
you're gonna help me yeah okay so no one
in the house and knows this we're going
to put saran wrap everyone's toilet and
then trying to get people to like trip
on it and stuff like that it's like a
this clear layer of stuff that people
like pee on yeah yeah no no okay all
right eventually
all right so we just got back from the
store we got saran wrap tested a little
bit of it out and now we're going to
start pranking people we have this
camera which we're going to be using as
a hidden camera we're going to watch on
my phone for when they walk into the
bathroom and we're going to try and get
everyone the guys first the girls second
the girls there's going to be more
savage Susan since Ted is broke know
you're gonna be mad true let's set up um
Ohio's room first
gotta get the Ohioans first oh yeah oh
that's the man I just realized how
Savage oh you like your pillows that be
so bad now we wait
sorry
whoa whoa ah are you going to shower
yeah oh my god Oh yo wrong he'll even
stop you just kept on going
oh yeah you're gross oh you're gross
I'll get more people let's get more
people in this chance is gonna you know
just always go google ah yeah main
bathroom this is the one that everyone
use all right it's set up doors over
here should we start getting them water
no one pee do you want water
yeah yeah there you go I got that for
you bro I'm not gonna drink in open
water from you true like a frat guy I'm
like a sorority girl the frat guy party
bro dude what's up man he's thirsty I
just finished my water wild stuff that's
amazing oh yeah you don't think that's
good yeah what's it open we're saying
it's just kind of got you
Oh goes with you got change the saran
wrap now see yourself y'all get back get
back you peed yourself rope like it too
now I still have to pee it all I not see
that oh yeah let's get your brother they
putting it across this right here I'm
getting new one
oh you should like the kraang comer
deception oh we have to get him to chase
us yes the Institute come with motion
and the Ofsted yeah here how tall are
you yours 20 yeah
okay now it's about right yeah try to
make it good yeah make it tighter spot
right how high can you see it
no this way this way is good right here
at home I think it's good you can't see
it that good no look because the light
is behind it oh yeah so I'm like up here
so he's like he's like rubbing his eye
everyone bye Jerry you should you want a
slap your brother right you guys get in
fights right they always get in fights
in Spanish we don't know what they're
saying that's because that's good that's
good night
I'm gonna sing it boys no one's asked
you cause that's happy Oh
follow the voice he's touched me I'll be
weighing them help him it's like in your
eyes it was your brother's idea though
this is not done this is not the best
method to clean up can you see ya oh my
god watch out for that saran wrap over
there and then I came up with a savage
idea it might have been too far but it's
absolutely hilarious check it out Oh
have such savage idea bro you happy
chance but look at what we have bro look
at this diarrhea tablets
we're like for only put saran wrap on
the toilet and oops on it youtuber to do
all those little things right there I'll
be like I bet you I can chug this faster
than you can jug this and that one's
gonna be diary refuge reference never
say yes to a chugging competition kick
ever oh my god
Oh home don't ask me how amazing this is
oh my god did you even see it coming
yeah I bet you I can tell you this
especially if you go very low high OH
fifty dollars I can chuck this that's
then you can chug this $50 dollars
Richard
anybody hungry dog you go thundering oh
we need that be my boy right there
you may go CPR payments three point oh
oh what oh oh oh okay oh oh oh wow row
it's actually an awful but I wasn't done
that but you like losing money yeah I
mean I'm terribly ashamed I'm just gonna
put it on the back apart yeah nothing
gets done yeah so I do something that's
set up and then we wait you want too
much
why
oh my god oh oh he pooped on himself
oh my god more pitchers but he was he
bro
Oh literally pooped on himself and then
tried to clean it oh my god what's in
the world
Tanner Tanner my friend just pooped on
the floor bro
well what Leah women he's just back on
the toilet he's on his phone they fell
on ginger oh stop
ro you're putting your poop in the pool
you're the one that has to clean it
anyways no no you'll get back ill chill
and then we decided to get Nick good old
Nick we got a new roll of saran wrap
Tanner's here and help we're gonna try
and wrap megachurch and wash your hands
yes oh yeah okay you hold it down you
help hold misfeed out Montana that will
wrap around
okay hey you're talking about I mean
I've got a gun back up back up back up
Nick back up bro what and then per usual
I just started flipping a gallon of
water I think I set a world record most
landed gallon water bottle since I don't
know if this is a record but I'm just
going to go for it counts or did you
just break the Internet
that's one yeah I count it two three
four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven
twelve thirteen fourteen nineteen
yourself forty wow that was impressive
I know Jake Pollard's today was so lit I
have a huge audition than actor broom
I'm an actor proud that I have to work
on right now it is tomorrow as to
memorize all these lines train for it
you got to want it Sam we're out here
today with a jaysis are you excited for
your date we're gonna move in tomorrow
you don't be sending my been waiting
I've been Instagram we had like a new
chat going on no it's all good it's
going pretty well all right ladies and
gentlemen we will see you tomorrow
because it is everyday bro per Jake
Pollard's what's poppin check out this
new March whoo that March is hot boy new
items of merchandise limited time click
the link make sure you're subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
check it see you guys tomorrow poof
