become a I'm gonna get up a time
estimate run go get position good
afternoon
James Thomas what is muffin-topping
yellow today was absolutely crazy allow
me to explain so basically this morning
I woke up and I was feeling some type of
way so I basically just spoke my mind
and maybe this advice to help some of
you guys say callers yo I don't know why
I was just feeling I was feeling like I
needed to just speak my mind baby drop
some knowledge maybe inspire some of you
and what I want to talk about is it took
me 20 years to become the best at
something 20 years now I've always tried
to be like one of the best at something
like vine Instagram you know all these
things like but in the business space
wrestling not definitely not school but
that's besides the point
but it took me 20 years to become actual
best of something and what that is is
like the Jake Pollard's and what you're
watching now like we became the
fastest-growing YouTube channel on
YouTube which is the first time I've
actually become the best at something
and so if you feel like you're behind in
life or if you feel like oh maybe maybe
you're 25 years old and watching this
maybe you're 12 years old and watching
this and you're not the best at
something yet don't worry like there's
still time and I've been doing like
specifically this since I was 10 years
old and so you just have to keep on
driving every single day find your path
and it's going to be a lot of effort
time you're going to have to make
sacrifices but it's all going to work
out for you at the end so I would just
felt like you guys needed to hear that
and I also want to thank you guys for
making this possible and for coming back
every day and being Jake haulers and
supporting me through thick and through
sin we're truly a family and I want to
thank everyone on Team 10 and the people
that are my life on a day-to-day basis
for helping to create all these things
and it just it's been a crazy like I
don't even know how many vlogs a hundred
and something and it's just the start
guys like
I want to be able to share more of my
life with you so thank you and let's do
that bang and then I went about my
morning
come on agenda morning good morning
Anthony morning good morning Erica waver
it and this we cook and realize yo that
we were the only ones whole like
everyone was gone
yo just a holiday row we were the only
ones here as it came down house
yeah plus three everyone else is still
at Coachella right wait by the way did
you guys have fun I thought yeah I think
it was it later
I got you fam oh yeah John Deere over
this it's been a job oh yeah yeah I
guess do that oh so then we spun the
drama wheel and that and you know had
some stuff to say let's do it
I've never been inside the drum wheel
I'm feeling it I'm feeling it put me in
there put me in there put me in there
yeah yeah no I don't stop the thing I
got some stuff to say to him should we
be nervous yeah guys I've never been in
the confessional um before it's a little
bit weirder because it's like my blog
but I do have some stuff that I want to
say a couple of things first of all yo
like I feel like people are always
trying to come for me and like you're so
mean to be the Lala and like people on
team 10 like saying that when all I'm
trying to do is just like help everyone
help them grow like themselves as a
brand and as like human beings and I
worked so hard like on a day-to-day
basis and a lot of times I think that
goes overlooked by the people and teams
and they they take it for granted and
obviously like this happened before
where people kind of like forget where
they came from because like with team
ten I've helped all these people and get
to where they're at and like yes they'd
be at where they are like without me I
just expedite that process and help them
achieve bigger and better things and
sometimes I just don't feel appreciated
are you guys listening this is my V time
go away you can watch it in tomorrow's
vlog but
is on my mind oh I feel like Tessa and
chance and Anthony like there's a lot of
tension there and I don't even really
like understand what's going on like
Tess was like kind of doing her own
thing
apparently Anthony doesn't have a
girlfriend either I'm also like where's
my thing
you know I'm saying like everybody else
got a bay where's my big enough with the
goo-goo gah-gah stop let's go sorry I
got a little bit too deep but yeah what
after that we were still bored and we
came up with an idea dude what would you
do if everyone's on it we gotta seize
this opportunity while everyone's gone
and prank them bro you're right yeah sit
down
here's the thinking code oh my god
peanut butter ice cream bro is the best
thing though that's like what we had you
know hot throw away wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait
he just said it Oakes crew no we turn
this house into a high wow we do this we
literally turned it into a high obey
everything Ohio theme robucket hay bale
row if you get outfit ah la need some
Ohio they do yeah I'll just finish this
ice cream first do is actually sodas so
we finished the ice cream and went on a
mission to turn the team 10th house ha
ha hi I was running you guys have a
hay-bale yes you are you looking like
four straw for decoration yeah but like
it did like a lot like of them not a
problem and how much is it for each one
okay alright thank you the world
yeah over the world yeah I wanted all
that out of the world get out of the
world I'm coming and get it okay would
you don't care what you heard I'm taking
it all goes down with the world get on
with the world yeah I want the world
look I won a million cash - what can
give back to people who pay me the time
they tell me that time equals money so
why keep us even and I'll never run out
of mine and doing what I gotta do when a
fellas all gonna change now every day I
wake up buttercup another place but how
long can we go so we're here trying to
get Ohio stuff there's horses horses
ah Wow and yo he's like hay bales are
just giant we have to stack my truck up
it sucks it looks so ridiculous but like
Ohio yeah let's go Wow Oh baby
you know
yeah let's go boys yeah the hay was so
itchy and and messy and okay so we just
got back to the house guys I just looked
at their Instagram stories they're on
their way back from Coachella right now
which gives us like two hours to set
this up let's go look at this room yeah
hey Renee that's for sure because
they're gonna be so fist this literally
Hey everywhere bro it's so messy better
find a door find our Lord more that's
not how people Ohio talk what do you
mean I don't know what this is but I
don't like it
we almost finished setting up but we
felt like we needed more cuz even more I
feel like we need to have like a pig
like when they walk in the door they
gotta have we got to have a pig you know
I'm gonna try and get a pig hey Kelly
this is Jake Paul and I saw you guys is
website and was wondering if you guys
have any horses or pigs that would be
available to come by the shoot that
we're doing later tonight if you give me
a call back that would be awesome
hello Carrie Stokes leave a message oh
no what does anyone have a whoreson and
then we took a Sunday nap
and then we slip and waited for hours
upon hours for these guys to come back
there were just at Coachella having the
time of their lives they forgot about us
it's kind of odd because we had so much
time that we went to go work out
all right so there's literally hay
everywhere now chance is allergic so
Omaha I'm good very how that straw is
good oh now we have matching Ohio
sweatshirt
they are almost here guys oh look at
this they're gonna be so mad I'm gonna
have the dirt bike like flaring up and
everything where we got the pitch for it
please so much it's really nice
where can I got me one of these in the
description they're almost here we're
spying on that oh this is what happens
when you leave a bunch of wrong with
Hollywood
Anthony's don't go spy on them get them
Anthony are you in position do you in
position a position they'll be coming
around here any second now the cover you
come sit down good get up at night to
get position oh the worry is Papa get
sorry
Sean how high are you doing J Palmer
well
dessa the a friend region by yourself
this is what it's like in ohio by me
since 1803 it's all come on next battle
of the brother next we got horses
elephants I'm just going to use them
this is what you do with your time how's
that coach elephant I was that air best
better this is what eating weakness I
don't have this in Spain come on yeah
the store this is straight Omaha yeah
eat that yeah yeah welcome home Oh leave
it there come on Erica you want some hey
I know you from Tennessee are you from
Tennessee - you're not the only cannot
see Nick calm down calm down
how we doing the UK no get okay
Wow then I'll breathe athletes like this
in the UK that's why we've won the
Olympic Games nineteen hundred years ago
ex back world war champions the two
bucks the shirts that's it that's cool
that's cool that's cool but we still
loves the other people I guess cool just
grab it and you spin it
oh you look good man grab the Hat minute
minute yeah oh yeah yo yo she's gonna
demand you come on Tessa give it a whirl
ah your mom sent Easter present Easter
present oh we love your mother says put
it on and say oh wow yeah week it was
weak but you did it oh let's go to sleep
boys we're gonna leave this here teenage
you guys got cleanup duty tonight it'll
be here in the morning cuz ah miles
every day bro and so all the vlogs and
we will say nabob good sorry neighbors
Jake Pollard's what stop and check out
this new March
oh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
poof
