oh I met the bishop changes out they got
now good morning chase haulers well it's
actually afternoon right now I hope you
guys are having a great day make sure
you're working hard and let's go back to
Jake earlier today and then somehow out
of nowhere we got into a fight I don't
know what happened Hey Thank You Jake
we're about to get this day started guys
Coachella dang - we woke up this morning
and you know we got that small session
because no days off hashtag grind cuz I
said you gotta want it no stopping me
oh they're cuddly now you're cuddling
along doing that you just
Nick Nick spits you don't handsome - you
thank yo look at this outfit yo he is
dating you so they're dating and then I
checked in with chance which that led to
the drama wheel and this is what
happened bro yo chance so did you get
any tinder matches yesterday while
you're on tinder I swiped right on like
150 girls I had like who harder it
matches what don't get half more matches
then swipe right away what did you put
instafamous
oh I put 250 well that's why that's why
that's why they see that name swipe
right it's white right the hottest
essence y'all again super link amok - yo
I think Tessa need to sit in the drama
wheel like we don't have a drama wheel
that's just actually we're something
that's ah that's what you won the drama
wheels today you have a lot to say right
there man
I got 200 tinder matches on 150 swipe
right interesting information yeah hey
Tessa
thank you so much for being today's
drama wheeler dinner so there's
obviously been a lot of drama going on
lately between you chance and Anthony
and yeah you want to talk a little bit
about that I mean they both like floor
or whatever I really understand why
Anthony works you know none of us really
know if there's a girlfriend or not what
yeah with like people wrong answers yeah
like we did a kissing kissing thing and
I feel like doesn't he have a girlfriend
no up here like has a girlfriend like no
no yeah Anthony has a girlfriend
but we don't know dawn don't know it is
like chocolate that I tracked it like I
don't even I didn't even know this I'm
just like I like I was checking it out
well who do you think's cuter chancer
Anthony I don't know I can't I can't say
that yes all right well first Anthony
now chance is cuter this is like canted
really sweet and the tensions rise yo
what's up Anthony yo guys you guys might
want to listen to this come come listen
to this
Anthony you have a girlfriend bro no way
only you have a girlfriend
chances of girl so before your
girlfriend no actually I go why is he
little bit no that's not really angry
girlfriend most problem is any can
support with Tessa and kiss her why not
you can teach kids that
why not share yeah yeah you just can't
put your girlfriend 5 months ago hmm
okay okay right right
I'm not buying it go oh my gosh I still
cannot believe this Anthony has a
girlfriend apparently like what this is
why the drama wheel is so awesome
because we find out things that have
never been exposed before this is
absolutely absurd
after all that basically I was feeling
single and I came up with an idea yo I
have an idea since Anthony has a
girlfriend
yeah and chances on tinder so we should
try and go get girls right um yeah you
and me funny or the girls are for me no
the girls for both of us broke one it's
being banished to them oh okay yeah
let's go hey hey this is uh Emilio your
friend
I mean he's three Spanish yeah when
you're helping working and person alone
I'll asleep completes okay okay next one
let's dress up hi this is I mean this is
Emilio yeah he's cute
he's also an Instagram famous you guys
want to hang out with me we're kind of
working but you can hang out with us
yeah yeah oh boy oh boy Emilio look at
the flower crown yeah that's cool oh
yeah I look cute on him right now he's
really good-looking right Oh more girls
hey I'm Jake and this is my friend
Emilio yeah what's up
they don't want to hang out they don't
they don't want to hang out with us it's
okay
we'll go over this way hey guys want a
flower crown what you want to power down
we want you you want to hang out with me
look at this guy look at this guy
you can take you to family no do you
take you to Spain in future right to
also tag you on his Instagram yeah which
is which is arguably way more important
please yeah no problem how do I say like
you're cute and Spanish or something it
is welcome
oh that's right listen la soie pas la
swap off what does that mean that means
I think you're cute and this is also my
friend Emilio amigo you want to hang out
with me
do you want to hang out them your for
you today yeah yours honor oh boy
we did it dude oh wow you're going
alright guys I'll be in here
wow I am proud of my boy oh my god I can
yeah I can just chill in here tall
though oh my boy
Emilio is a savage oh I don't know what
he did with her but it might be dating
poo nose but then after that my boys
chanting Anthony 400k let's go team 10
no let's go true though like I was here
now we're not here but I mean I still
have the bandana this team time to get
off doesn't count and now I get enough
out of it hey you know what you can't
take off those tattoos on your arm ah
still not on Team Jen though oh hi mark
oh hi mark oh hey Jake what are you
doing in here voice being away from the
party you like it no I like my cave you
ever been on a vlog before right like
when you prank Logan I was in oh yeah
that's right okay that was dumb of me
so the Jake Pollard's already know who
you are the Jake Fowler's what poppin
since you live with my brother not
anymore
well not anymore but as if that's up as
of yesterday but like is he salty that I
have more subscribers than him bro
between me and you like off camera like
every day like you why was my brother
and more subscribers miss BS like I
would pop it on vine and I was popular
Instagram then somehow he figured out
YouTube I can't do it that's right a
family that's right well thank you for
the insider information mark yeah but
don't tell anyone
yeah no not going to talk and you want
it off alright let's party yeah oh well
still going to tell all you guys but no
Jake Pollard's like I said we're the
strongest family out there
yeah bond them haters sorry Logan still
love you um you know it's okay and then
I was walking around and chance is in
the middle of this party that is going
on and he's scrolling on tinder trying
to find girls oh my god
oh but what you're doing haha are you
doing battle I'm married all my children
rose up beam what did the men do it
Korea chill bro he's at a party where
there's girls and he's still tinkering
yes you're struggling bro come on now
well you know then I was feeling the
vibe a family and I was like yo the Jake
Pollard's want to catch these vibes with
me fam dab on them haters and so I
captured some vibes for you guys to
enjoy
solet fam whoa vibes vibes vibes we were
having so much fun which is good and bad
because you know people were too
comfortable so I decided I wanted to
spice things up to match a match a notch
a notch a notch
well okay yo you okay I don't need the
glasses in here there's no yeah it's
dark I got like 180 water balloon no no
don't feel uncomfortable right now
they're just like party you feeling fun
no water balloons too official actually
let's go oh maybe only 120 but what I
was wanting is fun about to have no idea
what's going on right now gorgeous plug
party to hear that you get a party other
than boiling water below yeah bottle
full of it's actually products I've
never done this one no they're they're
actually funny why how do you do it oh
it's so good
that's sick how thick is that right okay
that's good yeah
this is an ingenious design this dude is
definitely a millionaire all right so we
got like 200 water balloons filled up
and we're gonna start throwing them at
people let's go first up the team ten
bucks yeah good yeah set up so uh anyway
I'm a clean it now yeah it's actually
really new yeah we shouldn't have done
that it's really new we're so we're
gangsters though do you think I get hit
that security yeah he might try to quick
you out don't get no teeth like the
security look at yeah I got him
that's a deep shot BAM respect if you
got that
she saw any time high kicks out all
right so I think we launched them over
the house launched them over the house
and like you know if they he'll never
know not even the camera will know but
it's so cool yeah let's do it
maybe someone will record it ready that
that went deep Rachelle listen first
screams oh that's gotta hit that one's
gotta hit someone oh my god those are
far no you dope you hit a girl let's go
no one is safe 19 times inside of you
right in the front door son no one's
safe son an egg mixture i think we need
more arms look at like water we need
your help right here before yeah yup I
don't want any part of this
no no no no you just say to the camera
you wanted water balloons on team 10
yeah it seems empty yeah oh good woman
ha 212 blooms on team 10 yes that love
it never gets old
let's sneak in okay do it in the hall
yeah we're doing it in the house stray
dumb right
you like we shouldn't do it in the house
no it's fine I mean okay says it's fine
it's fine
go back up back okay let's bounce our
ego we're gonna sit down outside outside
stop Oh give me that look every guy got
wet this is the dumbest thing ever oh I
miss you
changes ah they got now take this just
backfired on us well what the cameraman
well film yourself I love it you're good
kid good step back into it I mean
totally fulfilling well we're out of
water balloons
okay so there's nothing to film we gotta
get Erica let's get Erica - Erica this
is all bad oh my god we almost the
camera lenses messed up I literally got
hit in the eyeball how did it happen oh
my god I wasn't done that wasn't fun
that wasn't fun oh yeah no no don't ya
know are you sure nothing no no please
all fairness no as a dog yeah yeah yeah
Oh cute I'll bet you ruin it I can
actually kind of upsetting you reminded
me a little bit you look good though
thank you but like they're going to
sweat like you're being downright
naughty or the water
Yosi hotel hatred I won't go you're
right you're right this book I got so
out of control guys we took a break for
a second and then I was like feeling bad
about chance and Anthony yesterday and
how I prank them by not letting them
going to Coachella and I watch the video
again I was like yo Jenny gosh you need
to calm down
and so this happened chance Anthony guys
guys here you're mad like we watched
your video just now that you post it and
I feel really bad I was like y'all I
feel sorry here
yo are you guys serious this is your
Coachella pass bro real Jake and I are
going to leave in order for you guys to
get these take that how different that
but it on thank you guys for real I know
I don't have fun no calatrava's I say
now gonna chill the corn up now we're
gonna go no real roller guys have fun
tonight we gotta sneak in New York VI to
go today but that's it we're not going
to go day three because like we're just
going to hang out I mean still
regardless you guys all have fun day to
the homies yo can we be Ohio
I said Midwife Wow
when it makes more votes can we just say
Midwife no no I mean like it's too soon
it's someone maybe uh-oh guys paid now
we're gonna go sit in this corner half
on a Coachella okay you guys time to
okay we'll just do it here hi guys
yeah uh we should we should we should a
drink couple we shouldn't prank them
though yeah because they'll bad because
like when you feel bad you got Alec
obligated to give for something so now
look at nothing here
maybe thank you you guys doing to keep
reading
bye have fun they better go now all we
know how they thought they're probably
going on the bed again we should have
gone today yeah you're right you want to
cuddle
has better informality better so guys
chance and Anthony are going to have so
much fun I'm so excited for them it is
the end of the day Here I am about to
head back to Los Angeles later Coachella
you are amazing Jake Pollard's love you
guys don't forget to keep on smiling
keep on working hard keep on dabbing you
gotta want it follow me on instagram
love oh I'm just kidding
I'll see you guys tomorrow because it's
everyday bro peace
Jake Pollard's wet stop and check out
this new March oh that March is hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
put the link make sure you're subscribed
to keep up with my life on a daily basis
and you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
