yeah surprise surprise what surprise is
here what is it the prize is here time
to clean the pool boy wake up everyday
and it's all cleaning day boys
you wanna be in team damn so much you
got boys
all right Jake polish they're gonna
clean the pool I think they're gonna
film it and keep us updated while we're
on set and a lot of stuff is gonna be
happening today so bear with me have you
having a great day want to help with the
intro you know I'm just gonna transition
in your mouth ah ah what's up guys I'm
here with some Jake Pollard's yo what
are you a limp Elizabeth and Giselle my
girl has the Jay Paul pops not get close
look at that BAM you want to be in it ya
know
I'll see you later come on in Jake
Pollard's we're on set of bizarre bars
right now hope you guys are having a
great day and I know come be in the vlog
yeah I need you thank you what this
cousin is my last chance bro I'm asking
you hello brother okay as a fellow
brother like we're gonna be off set for
a while we have a whole week break yeah
we have a week this is the last chance
that I'm able to get your cousin's
number Karen oh yeah you got out you
didn't give me the four pop up tags last
time bro
please please give me her number or just
don't attack me when I go and get it
from her with Erics number yo because
I'm Erica yeah so what was that so kind
of you Erica's number you let me know in
there right now no I think it's weird
you just get like yes I should try and
get it you know but then let's put it is
initialized
I just don't attack me okay I say I get
it we have to like hit sneak record it
let's just call it a hidden-camera style
but I don't want to help you come on
this is wrong to do Erica's number cosec
in Soma
can use bring Erica to set one day yes
yes I'll bring in a set
you are Scott Lynch yeah yeah what's up
you want to know a fact today's last day
that were to see each other for a while
yeah it'd be like dope if you like just
texted me or something hey you know I I
don't have your number
you always put it down there or shoot
let's put it down this is a recording by
the way how does that work we're not
recording a problem we're not recording
you got it down if you want
y'all need on no pressure here begin no
no it's not even recording okay what
what there's a number no no no oh yeah
okay I'll give it to you
Wow because number hold on hold on
yes hold on let me hold on one four one
nine I'm good how are you uh nothing
what about okay yeah we're fine we're
fine hold alive I mean I here I'm not
here I'm not here he's not here
hey ah um so I know that's a great place
by staple center is called Fleming's it
has some good steak yeah it's called
Fleming's
good uh you know you think girls are
allowed but you're special I take I take
girls there a lot but um but you're
special so uh you are like what four or
okay okay bye
I want terrible I do is your fault you
wouldn't want to rush you very good look
I was just gonna say hi but then you
made me ask her out I didn't do anything
you did not
I didn't prompt that yeah you know you
take polish we talked about the fact
that I'm still alive and not arrested
from last night didn't really count can
we you know he can't know it nope and
and listen to this guys I actually found
someone who was on the highway yesterday
when it got shut down a lot of your
comment seemed like it was just already
shut down what happened was they shut
down the whole entire highway after we
left the airport cops were like stopping
traffic because they were searching
everyone and my friend and we will find
them was on the highway at that time and
saw that said that the traffic was
backed up for like two hours so so my
man here you saw the traffic backup last
night was terrible man I was driving the
405 home I live in Laguna near the LAX
backed up for at least two miles away
bro
that was that was because a we're
looking for some kids or you know I was
because of me right really why i SIA
I sold the United Airlines you do yeah
they were like yeah we got away like
last second I don't get it but traffic
suck because of you yeah good job Jake
look mom we made it are these the props
from bizarre bark no these are all mine
just did I keep with oh well that's
weird let's leave Ethan come on run you
know what you don't
this happens of your little kid swords
I think I need your grandma's number hey
hey how are you I am in my girl no way
way oh you're not doing anything like
hey good night yeah I'm gonna make a
nice backup martini oh that's my girl
yeah yeah she's older than you bro I
guess um yes maybe you hang out later oh
I'd like that remember Dean yeah
all right I'll text you okay that's my
girl
no no no no I'm getting all the girls
today is right hair my hair Jake polish
what do you think it is
chancellors Anthony are back at home
cleaning the pool along with Kade yeah
but shut up shut up basically basically
I told them that if they clean the pool
I'd put them on team ten which isn't
true at all
but they're still going to clean the
pool so let's check in with them so this
is the beginning of chantin e cleaning
out the pool Jake is upset at Disney so
a charge of documentary I'm making sure
everything goes smooth what do you guys
think about the assignment level very
high very high very high the height
level will be higher but Kate made us
puke you can see it right over there to
the reminisce on what all these objects
were used for teddy bear took great
pranks okay
that was a great vlog the balls another
great vlog reminiscing on all these all
these times giant Jenga blocks great
time look at this time on the neck oh oh
it's going to require somehow muscle
right here oh it's like a bone a body on
Cory oh you got to get the upper body
yeah if you guys had smell-a-vision
right now this would be something
serious he's sustained a head wound
Oh Gizelle's you don't know from when
Logan puts time in this pool there's
probably at least like one foot of like
actually like thick slime at the bottom
like like dick to the texture like the
pool isn't just green there's like
physical slime you know you guys are
going to need some longer stick so
you're going to have to get up in there
and get some of that stuff out
ah you guys want to clean our pool no
you guys my house and help if you guys
don't go in what happens when the pool
guy drains it and there's still like a
bunch of stuff at the bottom so we could
have a potential part two to this video
we just put the pool guy on Team time if
he's going to create any yes so which
anyone who cleans us deserves to be on
Team x after saying cool guy
see that's what I'm saying like it just
disappeared which means at the bottom of
the pool you means it still has to get
got oh okay because it really looks like
there's some stuff probably deep he's
just draining it so so everything that's
left in the pool it's still our
responsibility see that's his problem
and the stuff is your guys's problem so
we all got problems
hold on uh yeah we don't we don't have
your partner so I mean we kind of at a
stopping point just because technically
still have fresh tattoos so we're
sympathizing for the open wound
there wasn't that animal in there at one
point so well is there still there is
not Nami rat zombie right there is a job
your iron yeah so we can't get that on
tattoo so so our plan is pool guys going
to drain it and then we'll finish the
job until then do you have any words for
Jake and keep town okay yes Jake ballers
just finished on set and I have a huge
surprise for you guys
I think you are going to love it so
let's go check it out little Leah Leah
Leah Leah Leah Leah Leah Leah Leah
little guys of home from home what's up
guys everyone party neck oh yeah so did
you guys miss me I have a surprise - for
ya you guys clean the pool we tried we
got it much as we could oh so it's not
is it completely so no - you guys apart
- a skate no team then oh sorry guys I
was just like baffled that he said no
they're being a little saw under the
circumstance yep no no team tents are
against what we can do is we can spin
the drama wheel
Oh Jay Paul are you new to this this
right here is the drama wheel which is a
new segment I'm a new Jake Paul vlogs
basically I spin this if it lands on
someone's name they get to say a piece
of drama something that they don't like
talk smack about someone bring up some
drama
we'll see what ensues who's gonna win
the drama wheel Oh Jan oh you know let's
break away from the dude here and get
away in drama so chance aw you know
thing you want to talk about and this
sock confessional here all right so we
got the whole chest thing yeah we might
have below keep flirting and stuff but
like I'm telling you Tony's on the sneak
it's not really on the sneak either like
it's just out there like trying to go
for Toto the first like the first level
is at an all-time high like I've
literally I literally just sit there on
my phone line so as the top is it a
competition between you two see I don't
I mean like anything we do is a
competition so I feel like he's trying
to get in on that cuz like he's lower on
the totem pole than you yeah so he's
trying to cut off ice chance and Anthony
yeah exactly you know Oh God so real you
are here for any no matter what's poppin
like we're all in the room will all be
chillin she walks in he's up next we're
trying to talk wouldn't make no matter
what you can't even have a conversation
laughs man just thirst level so did that
piss you off like you're like you know
I'm trying to like you it's not like I'm
trying to get with it it's more like a
we all live together you can't like
Kimmy it's like always in the flirt
level link when you line two wheel girls
like you can't just chill here and have
normal conversations you're always
trying to like flirt and get like the
smooth moves and like not bro like let's
just hang out I know bro Anthony if
you're watching this you're thirsty bro
there's what's up Anthony
so how's Tessa better what she's good
you need some water chance no I got a
wasn't tomorrow as well
oh yeah just wants to one
you Garriga what he has good so I show
my boy a video because he texted me he's
like browse at the airport last night it
was crazy I send the video of what
happened with us and apparently the
whole airport was shut down yes the
whole United islands were shut down
no flights were delayed oh and into the
airport was shut down yes he was mad
that it was like me and I was like I
wasn't associated with it so so we lose
shut down the airport
well we stretched up gum bro how am I
not in jail well unless they kind of
come find you at Coachella
good luck oh don't go homie yeah yeah
yeah surprise surprise the surprise is
here what is it little prizes here no
everyone I got it for you guys come on
look look yo it still let them know big
boys up big boy sorry bro no big purse I
got pimped out by SP rep cos what is
hopping broke something we got a dip
down he looks so good it's legit like
who the rims oh my god this is the
official team ten reveal what it's every
day bro Nick you want what a diamond ah
sorry guys are youtubers oh yeah you
can't really yeah yeah one day you'll
have it guys our top 80 fastest-growing
youtubers how long does you start
YouTube 3 weeks that's the power of
being in the team 10 house do you want
to join just odd just email join at team
10 official dot now actually though
everywhere wait could we talk about
something this matches this that's clean
that's I'm saying fam like we're out
here this is so hot look at this being
an ass he was flipping off everyone with
a normal sprinter that's on say that's
what I'm gonna do
back me on orange then get out you know
I'm saying did I choose this color of
course I chose this color what other
color it's got to stand out what do you
mean look at this oh my gosh I think we
need a montage of this thing like real
quick so the only thing left to do is
that is my truck now as I'm saying like
I got these whips now the truck bro
takes Tacoma your next cuz Jake haulers
today has been so much fun I'm super
excited about the Sprinter van like it
is so lit thank USB wrap for hooking
that up guys we're off the pack to go to
Coachella Plaza hit the gym when we see
you tomorrow we're going to be in a
whole new place fan it's gonna be R
itself like I just said I will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday bra
please Jake Pollard's what's poppin
check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 shirt see you
guys tomorrow
