sorry Erica sorry better up in your
shower damaged huh it's 6:45 a.m. no one
is awake right now
Jake ballers this is where you gotta
want it where you got awesome let's get
the day started
Oh
ah what is Papa's Jake College today is
off to a great start and we are just
getting the blog on have Amin haters I
hope you guys are having a great day
make sure you smile I don't know if I
said that this morning make sure you
work hard and make sure you you don't
have to death but if you want to been a
big proponent of the Deaf lately I
invented to dad did you yeah I wasn't he
goes it's crazy
it wasn't a video it was Jay Paul 100 to
16 thousand views in 13 minutes
Jake Pollard's we're out here cuz Kate
bro how is the future looking although
pretty bright future you can tell who
you really bright almost like I'm
looking directly into the Sun Wow wait
wait wait guys honey wait are you
watching my vlog here and you have a pom
socket yeah oh you guys are Jake polish
wait you're wearing my March oh you're a
Jake pop Oh Jake Paula what your Jake
baller caught all of you guys are you
embarrassed like are you embarrassed I
caught you
no what no what did I screw what yo I
was not night yo you just threw on merch
in the pool DJ's not a big baller
anymore yeah you got a pop Sega to buy
you're moving out now Anthony none zero
you can escape - Jake Pollard's the Jake
ballers can't be escape cousin is more
of my merch but this was actually cool
cool wake up kids times like 4:00 p.m.
time flies when you're having fun yeah
as soon as you hit 100k you just sleep
into the bush you know yeah you just got
to sleep in now I just sleep all day
supposed to take and go back to bed yeah
three lanes a Jake I was really insane
bro no one can escape it right there we
go ah you can't scare me why did you not
get scared it's living here really
prepared you oh I'll scare you okay so
Erica says she doesn't get scared guys
but the whole day I've been planning
this I got this paintball gun which I
have to figure out how to put together
I'm going to make it seem like it's
loaded run up on everyone and start
blasting them it's not going to be
actually loaded we're gonna see their
reaction how do you work this made in
China China China now you screw this in
we should be able to go all right I'm
gonna do a test-fire it might be loud
though so I might blow my cover
figure I'll do it all like
take the
yeah well it's not there's no pain that
role really well I'd like you almost
feel it if you like thanks so much of
all I almost feel it oh for sure that it
better put it on a tripod fit for you
there which is why you would get the
camera guy first right make sense make
sense they're outside I don't think I
know what my campaign talk on it they
think it's real for sure no don't think
it's a real going to call me I think I
look yeah yeah it looks like you got
shot like oh we caught some paint it
looks like you got shot yeah yeah that's
a perfect subject away for this paint
you guys know paintball paint paintball
oh okay so they just thought you were
coming out in with a real gun that's
okay you should put real paintballs in
them and she don't have I'll show you
the girls are coming about right now and
we're gonna get them after Nikki that's
a good call
you gonna give me a few minutes I'll
sign it oh I don't know I'm done okay
okay no I think like I was like 110 do
not be down I know like me
how's your fruit chance he got up from
the toilet oh no he didn't whine so dad
wanted me to actually shoot him what I
realized about this is that now there's
a paintball gun in the team penthouse
it's fine
professor II it's fine go watch you want
to see what it looks like I just want
just one time what I do on this wall
okay fine yeah cool stand there chat
please don't hit my Martinez turn to its
new I like it what wow this is dumb Jake
ballers it's everyday but how many you
go like me up there's one do twice oh
okay I was gonna do twice anyways I was
just telling you one alrighty that's
gotta hurt oh I know how badly you see
wait worse way worse oh my god oh my god
Rosa start yo that's really bad the
pressure on it's so high right now you
have to lower it when you get it I
totally forgot about that okay through
the sir could you know replay on that
bleeding yes it Saturday row oh okay
well came for you by using the tradition
to get turning the ball so we should do
that no no no that's too far he's not
thinking about when the girls come home
just be like yeah just turn around of
that yeah Jake called me like this and
show them it and then would like be a
pause for a second and then I'm gonna
like run up on that with the paintball
gun and in week out they're gonna freak
out 2000 years later and there
yeah yeah yo look look at what I did -
Chad look it wait
pull it up higher yo that's on the pity
party wait why would you ever happen
twice not real
he told me to do it play it's real look
at it oh that's gonna hurt Wow no my
good I'm just
did you think you're gonna die yes
aiming at my feet yeah any started yeah
there's no thing I'd like to hire let's
go get Erica nah she like magically
accidentally shoots a good baby don't
know I got I got with me because you
know that we got chance while he was
pooping yeah you're so scared throughout
a pants down just bracing his holiness
Erica erica your turn actually scary I
do not grieve and I not eerie screech I
need to rewrite history I'm like
actually shaking because he obviously
doesn't mind doing its people boys boys
sorry Erica so I better finish our
savage trendy artist be like let the be
$10,000 it is a memoir from the jake
paul i read from italy there's a french
baby in the castle for served four years
no love you against all that though yeah
Jay Paul check out this brand new
merchandise gang that is now available
Jake Pollard's what pop and check out
this new March now Joker
oh shoot saw this in the lagoon yep dude
well I think about it either you're
gonna leave it lying around someone's
gonna get shot yeah I'm good la la la oh
give me a hard that she did something we
would have done yeah I think we need to
clean up more yep yep that goes in the
lagoon size cleaning session anything
you don't want put it in the lagoon no
we don't need those yeah yeah okay
that's fun thankful yeah no we don't
need that we don't need that oh we don't
need that how do we the real question is
how do we have this much okay no well
that's horrible that's why we look how
do we have this much stuff is the real
question
Oh what is that chain oh okay that's why
Picasso painting you know is that lit
that slit that's artsy oh that's an okay
he meant yeah we don't
oh that's a plan Wow told actually that
a Lamborghini but I say we drive it in
wait is it the one that I'm getting nah
at least we cleaned up a little bit and
Jake follows the team ten houses clean
we got some chores done today was a
great day it's getting dark outside
we're about to go to the gym if you want
to see it's going to be on my Instagram
at Jake Paul follow me there I'm going
to be liking some of your pictures back
today's Pro certification shoutout goes
to Eva Schneider Eva thank you so much
forever my post notifications turned on
guys if you want to post notification
channel is do is turn on my post
notifications and comment when you were
done and Jake callers we will see you
tomorrow because yes every day bro
Jake Pollard's what's up and check out
this new March ooh that marches hot boy
new items of merchandise limited time
click the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 chequered see you guys
tomorrow
