for the sake of this video and for the
sake of your settling this right now I
will kiss you but I really don't want to
go home in jail all this what is popping
I hope you guys are having a great day
do not forget to smile do not forget to
work hard and do not forget your dad you
don't have to bad this morning I woke up
and realized how dumb it was that I got
multiple debts to yesterday
and then I realized it was even dumber
because my best friend's got matching
one this is pretty dumb right yeah but
then we realized what we could do with
that
so then it became dope dough then I
asked Nick if he regretted his taser
tattoo do you regret your taser touch it
was thing I've ever owned
no I don't like it right I wish right
now I'm saying why which was easier to
pull out and he realized what he should
do with it oh my god Oh yo Oh
Nick Nick Nick calm down bro but the
pay's are away he'll shoot don't shoot
they'll shoot everyone everyone calm
down calm down
we're cool alright I'm gonna put the gun
away
so really became even till 4:00 a.m. I
went to Disney because I'm an actor bro
dog transition grow again now that we
got off on the wrong foot boy you're
wrong don't please no no I feel like we
got off on the wrong foot like you
cannot we got off do you like that tune
I got tattooed yeah oh this here is your
grandma hi hi I'm grandma I'm shotgun no
this early that's crazy
I didn't know it was like that well I
got tattoos she single I mean yeah go
for it really
yeah go for it oh you actually like
super what you got a tattoo of a gun but
you know what it does right looks like a
gun on your thighs big too
don't talk trash about my tattoo cuz
you'll get run up in shop custom at my
tattoo bro you like tattoos
you like tattoos oh my god
yeah he's vastly ahh Wow okay I'm not
actually I kind of like did that deal
thanks bro
pretty cool I all your tattoos cool good
morning Devore yo you do this in all my
vlogs I like it where's your mom John
your uncle - Karen yeah corn jenna corn
I'll be okay Daryl Gordon I'll be okay
sorry it was the boys idea she told us
are you mad at me this week's episode
we're like in the wilderness this is so
sweet guys look at this set this is like
my favorite set yet this is literally
indoors and it looks like watch get the
right angle oh this is that we're
outside oh yeah rock climbing just
kidding
College a cave it's Hollywood it's big
think did you say was that real all
they're real trees but they're like well
it's fake still yeah I don't like that
and I know how to be vlogging there no
okay no put it in anyway then I came
home team ten time huh why apparently
they didn't want me home so I made out
with a bear what are you doing exactly
well that's kind of weird it's really
weird okay okay don't know I did that
and then of course the inevitable
happens we got into an argument about
kissing once again there is a note with
this you hear this right now does anyone
else hear this game amateur doesn't know
how to kiss
yeah it doesn't we already went over
those you beat a rookie that's like
that's like going to the d-league as
LeBron yeah
it means nothing what do you have to say
about this chance oh okay you're not
you're not a better kisser than I'm a
better kisser no you're not and then
he's over take mothers oh my god they
got roasted before he's over here saying
woo them a twin my twin sucks I mean I
mean don't even know how bad of a kisser
yeah yeah true
kill the replay hostess but seriously
like you're not there's no way you want
to settle this right now there's only
one way to find out and it involves one
of you to know it's really a birthday
gift to you
nah they're probably you hey we're not
that gross I take this one for the team
you're on the mq I mean okay maybe like
a Tessa Tessa EJ we need to settle this
for the sake of this video and for the
sake of you guys settling this right now
I will kiss you but I really don't want
to I'll take that I'll take that we
brush our teeth yes all right
you make me the winner oh she's not
taking bribes already tried nothing
right she's come up
are you warming I'm warming up oh you
guys do this before you can every girl
day I'm doing something about I won the
last one go away for cigars I think
you're making outfits any night ladies
and gentlemen step right up for who was
the best kisser round two oh yeah whoa
blending is title champion we have Tony
and we have medium yeah we think that
might be involved
I'm not sure I'm not gonna die yet
that's a Brooks is the subject the
diversity yeah but I really don't want
even if they brush your teeth all right
so she's happy and willing to kiss these
three young men today so we're going to
get her blindfolded and I'm going to
have the first contestant step on up
who's gonna thanks Tessa you're really
welcome inside you ready oh okay okay
Grady file I mean Lincoln job cool okay
contestant one step right up
okay okay great that's the water Wow
contestant 2 step right up this way yes
sir nope go ahead and have a seat here
yeah get nice and comfortable
okay the captain crew contestant three
step on up
okay that's three seven there okay
contestant three a very interesting
approach so that concludes all the
contestants I suppose yeah Eddie pencil
sighs I'm sorry you had to go through
that I'm really sorry you have to I
think for a second about your about your
winner
don't you wanted to there are sheep
screaming similar like yeah it's really
similarly I think the winner yeah the
winner yeah all right and the winner is
I'm the LeBron James of this yo oh yeah
maybe that's okay no I'm gonna go change
I can
Jay Paul is a law and this is
unacceptable lik Jake what if we never
lose what are you thinking cuz so you
bet I'm going to train and I'm gonna
take Tony down I'm going to Train this
tongue of mine then I'm gonna be the
best kisser in the world round three of
who's the better kisser so Jay callers
all that is going on and it is been a
savage day I have a piece of information
to tell you basically in like ten days
from the time you're watching this I'm
going to be in Des Moines Iowa Saturday
April 22nd at the young entrepreneur
convention you can come meet me I'm
going to be talking on the stage come
and hang out if you're Jake Palmer I'll
put the link into the description for
the details it's gonna be so much fun
guys I really want to meet you also come
and as basically it for the day but
today's post notifications out out goes
to Jason Branson face of Branson
Francine I don't know you guys names are
hard I'm sorry but Joseph thank you so
much grabbing my post notifications to
not guys if you want to push
notification shout out all you have to
do is turn on my post notifications and
comment when you're done Jake callers I
will see you tomorrow because here it's
everyday bra Jake Pollard's what's
poppin check out this new March
oh that March is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
