what are you doing you are not getting
attempt to start there mom
I'm logging no way I made sure like I
literally just started like I was about
to do my intro thingy and you called so
do I just say good morning to the Jake
Pollard's good morning Jake Pollard's I
hope you are all having a lovely lovely
Palm Sunday okay mom I'm gonna do my
intro up I'm trying to be cool I'll call
you in a second okay bye love my mom Jay
caller I'm so happy
Wow I am so flipping excited this is
absolutely ridiculous we are still the
fastest growing YouTube channel this
month cuz they can't stop us have all
them haters thank you so much as then
this happened last night
young Diggy they don't want to see you
in and I want to see you on the YouTube
hill and it's everyday bro and I'm a
million you
I didn't we did it guys oh gosh
over 4 million Jake polish now like this
is either always wet but this is like I
I'm speechless thank you guys so much
we're doing it today is about to be so
Spanish I'm on a dirt bike inside that
has nothing to do with what we're doing
today but let's just go do it 100
so when Chad says hey Jake I have a good
idea you have to be very skeptical for
this exact reason now guys it is 8:30 in
the morning come downstairs and this is
where I sleep
here's a tattoo artist yeah yep my boy
hey let's do it here you have to to this
room and then I see this wheel over here
no no this is what's going on at teen
town house we say a lot of catchphrases
and we do a lot of crazy stuff right
dressed be on it yep so the crazy thing
we're doing today is I'm going to put a
bunch of different ideas for tattoos on
this one oh my god if you are man enough
any of your esophageal alright come up
and spin this will oh my gosh no no why
don't you agree to do this like this is
not okay my mom is gonna kill me my dad
is gonna kill me Yolo
oh good morning Kate I know it's
happening this morning come check it out
yeah come check it out Oh
was this a coupon yes I'm take the
chocolate yeah do this remember these
guys
oh yeah we're gonna talk about what do
you mean putting it look at that wheel
and you tattoos
step on up to it okay
I got take off don't want to be left to
you got to go I got to take off they
forgot to put something on my salad oh
oh you guys down to your tattoos it was
pretty dumb though right I had to think
about it for a second I'm down you're
down watching the screens are you guys
are down right yeah you do a savage we
tire run oh yeah is it that message
that's all you're worried about yeah
sure you guys have set yourself a little
this is absolutely ridiculous Jake
Pollard's it's every day bro how many
spots
I don't know buddy's category try again
you're having trouble counting I think
14 so if the number was 14 tattoo ideas
that could potentially be tatted on to
us oh my god how do you ever done
something like this dumb before with
tattoos this is definitely the dumbest
thing I've ever done okay all right I
know that because I know that so it's
not that these aren't henna they're real
all right Jackie go down because I
actually think right no these are the
sorry so you're gonna fish they're real
you're gonna actually really a legacy
gun turns on you near that okay yeah
yeah cool yo did you get a chance any
with hearts icon stops Anthony yeah you
guys keep on printing every day take a
chance on you guys to my hand and a
sunny and then when you stand shoulder
to shoulder good shit all right so we're
just going to start writing the tattoos
that we're going to potentially have to
get on the spin wheel let's start off
with the probably one of the most savage
ones that the Martinez sends well might
have to get which is going to be all I
know this is going
oh man Oh China China China what it is
you want that one you want that I think
that you might have judge oh come from
your country this one's for Chan oh I
had a good one like Mickey Mouse ears
like just one disease it's like it lands
on me and you're like why are you making
about this oh my boy was all designated
oh yeah my boy was on a did no no we
should put the Martinez twins face on
here they're handsome that would be a
privilege
Gym tan tattoos it's reenacts like extra
ten where does that mean or in not at
all you can still get some tattoo though
Chandni yeah chances anything bro like
who thought of cheese I don't you get
when you guys can't be kind of know I
why did you kiss yesterday we got to
keep the hype home Adam starts you know
my boys know about the number days what
is something that like no one would ever
wanna get a unicorn on fire not just a
unicorn of flaming you know one way to
slow game now left a rep low game these
are low games I regret all the Paul's
baby well then I got a plug I'm just
gonna put at add Jake Paul what's like
savage like if you got it like people
would mess with you
a gun
this is no no we just savage it this is
the dumbest oh my god I'm sorry I'm
sorry mom like I don't know what's going
on I put in chance and Anthony I'm here
how do you feel about this down a mother
always plug love it okay but it's all a
excited chance any with hearts yes yeah
100%
Chad's watch these right Chad walks
every tattoo on the board
what forgot about we always bought that
we almost want that three spots left
looks like another really dumb one well
I have no friends you don't have friends
stuff Goods birthday yeah I really don't
have friends over so can I not get that
one
I'm stayin there I like space yeah they
put it and last one what I need a moment
living in the moment
a few moments later we came up with the
last one it's really good one plus three
equals nine wait I don't get it exactly
wrong baptize me what would you like yo
why did you get the wall poster you guys
I'd you just go I just an add up
no Chad go Chad ah alright sausage
French what to do yeah I got a to
there's never girls you it's always just
us you got a the mediator yeah Mikey yo
when I'm gonna volunteer we have on
campus step right up to the tattoo
wheeled game thing the first contestant
is Chad Tupper good job are you ready
I'm ready
Chad I'm proud of you for volunteering
to go first okay
what is the ideal and link in the
description burger one in 13 oh wow that
is the chances up to getting one of
these tattoos yeah right next to Donald
Trump space that's it it is so bad who
said China right there will be home for
me over the trees oh this is real why
mom want to play no no no touching you
savage know us right now
oh my god all right well chat is getting
mad I think it's time for me to spin
okay Jake contestant are you ready oh no
not one less up and you can land here
just no game okay babe oh god that's
possible some fruit here we go I don't
know America I'm not looking
oh I'm sorry mom Oh my bagels are here
oh this is time truth your stall this is
help this is all you stall Ted how's it
going bro you see what I'm getting no
again I'm getting my I have to get a gun
so I was like I'm getting my ar-15
that's why you have meaning to it though
cuz I have this gun were you getting
that ass on my legs just soul it my boy
this is your idea true now I'm tattooing
you Chad yeah I'm tattooing an X on your
arm let's do it
it's just a good idea okay I got you bro
give me your all yeah all right Justin
I'm three handing the tattoo on Chad oh
my god how do I go barely barely get the
tip down at the bottom what am i doing
right now I'm really nervous I love you
bro oh my god okay Chad you love me love
you wipe it like everything yep oh I
like a little Jenny the lid Wow we're
together forever
here we go I was so scared
Treehugger you really should hug right
that was magical okay so this is where
my leg tattoo is going overall it's big
I thought it was only gonna hurt cleaner
well first okay okay yeah that's good
whoa dude oh man that's
oh shit Oh am i cool I'm cool right now
you are oh my god I'm gonna say sir my
mom I'm not going to show her what it is
though cuz then she'd actually fly here
right now and kill me hey mom
good how are you yeah I am I'm laying on
a table right now start here it's a
tattoo of your face my leg the whole leg
if you want to see it yeah we run a
wheel you want to talk to the tattoo
artist name is Jerry I don't normally
have the mom looking me in the face
while I'm doing this it's a lot worse
I'm sorry he's got nice legs though I
thought mom I love you
yes real fan Jake Pollard's that was
absolutely insane it hurt so much my mom
wasn't too mad so that's a good thing
bro thank you so much we have some more
wheels to spin yeah Eric are you playing
savage let's go my next contestant
yeah pepper step right up welcome back
dad how are you doing no one's doing it
then does what's a good Eddie
gonna be able to gonna be what's it
gonna be
no honey Grill Loki's on my best friend
so let's do it
turn Sally to go that's getting this win
those are two other people I know I'm
happy like they're handsome but I don't
know they're that can I get they are
handsome though underneath of it yeah
yeah yeah I'm doing that big they are
oh my god oh my god you guys are
literally with it forever now check your
savage role this is the one of the most
ridiculous things that we've ever done
like this is permanent but it's so worth
it so what squad let's go come on Tina
swing face is done there is Marilyn wait
for the next one for the next to him you
guys got a hug for that well there's so
much bonding going on right now okay
Martina Swit step right off today it's
like you've done this before
spin tattoo game thing oh oh oh
are you on it yeah everyone on Team
pinch you get this what is it it's an X
right yeah it's an extra tent that's
development Chad already got it I
already had a Chad with it we ought to
do it it's we're family God do it you
know it let's go but y'all take what I
want you to do my X here is ax yeah you
want me to do it yeah like people made
my ex oh my god 4 million subscribers
boys always thinking about the views
that's how you know what I want to keep
what you want to keep thinking a problem
when there's just too many guys around
yeah everyone asks like God we need more
Tessa that's what you need to stay here
just stay there just stand there for the
rest of the day hey step right up thank
you for coming to Jake and Chad's tattoo
shop we're very experienced put your arm
here I'm gonna put an X flat for X right
on that oh my god I mean I trust this
guy he sure yeah amano
here we go straight lines you got a Chad
your day my fresh tattoo three lines
hands of the surgeon oh my god yeah I'm
good yo like low-key I might stop buggin
oh my god
that's totally man we did it I love you
I love you oh my god we Jake and Chet's
had to shop now accepting all tattoos
Anthony Oh bro when you assess it on
spin the wheel tattoo wheel thing game
thing this man got again that ago
another gun let's match it I'm matching
with you no I'm matching guns
they look you know we do everything
together
ah I'm gay because I'm going right out
through god you're gonna get this little
big distance I'm doubting my boy like I
want a friend forever
three and 15 go bad right dude yeah
you're gonna say you're not gonna be
able handle it I'm not going to be the
one this is absolutely insane bro I'm
just going to go with it it is both of
your first tattoos to Eddie this is your
first tattoo yeah you know I'm going to
get a tattoo for my first time I think
it's going to be a foot long all right
guys I'm going to spin again I don't
know why it's savage right second time
today jig Paul step on up are you gonna
make a gun on my leg let's go for some
more he's back for more the kids can't
stay away whoops come to my supper body
some more oh it's gonna be
do you know I'm not getting that I will
not get that I'm not getting that I will
spin again but I'm not getting that come
on gang just kidding our game caller
slow getting parlors family heart
everyone everywhere spin again you have
to get whatever it is even if it lands
on logging again because this is like
second spin haha I need a moment I have
the Martinez we call me bro I got to
take off this together come on Anthony's
about the case I'm in bed with them mr.
Trujillo
no nothing just I'm hanging out with
your son that I love you let's check it
out he is melody we could do with that
you could deal with that Anthony cool
really good Amy I also spin again I just
spin again okay god I can't get up look
not a spin out of that sense that's it I
represent Disney bro what's up a move
down in a minute we're going to try and
figure out where to get it give me one
second you're going again
dude like technically that was Anthony
Smith yeah I mean I did hop in like that
was I was honest man I got to do one
specifically Oh none ESS on the show
today chance even though we already got
that to first spin of his own I wanna
have Tony spin you're spinning step in
oh my god that kid now that's been just
been that a lot of things I need someone
else Pinterest Oh No
Oh Joe no yo how II don't have a nanny
our unit pet it dude we already got
matching gun tattoos
I mean bro we're eating her it's like
our channel are everything shitty like
oh shit what Jays an idiot like a spider
roaming up I'll just get chance you'll
get Anthony like a conjoining hip tattoo
that's savaged oh that's the wrong side
no it's not everyone thank you I got you
for one second like yeah within two
weeks of me in Los Angeles let's combine
got five set shoes you turned into like
a vegetarian and you're him if you
became Instagram famous
all Thank You Los Angeles really get
into your head yes all right Joe haha I
was getting the X 14 time wait your
mom's Jake Paula you want to definitely
Jake follow if she watches oh that's my
girl yo have you guys get in fight and
those are visible at all and you lose
yours bro yeah we also either win the
fight or just make sure they're covered
up well you have 2x yeah I got the X a
month ago 2 X and the here Jake pause
look at what we're doing with the design
we're doing Disney years with Ohio okay
so I got the Disney years combined with
Ohio Rus and the team 10 X Sounders bro
Caleb do you think Disney is going to be
mad at me
definitely good fun them what just do it
this at least takes the pain away from
the gun one yo at lit make Nick you
gotta get the shows they're here
honking your peers please this is
exactly why our stadium um room didn't
want to get talked into Hamlet oh no no
you're not getting cocked into it's
completely your decision
taser hey hey hey hey hey you got to do
it for the Jake polish though I hate
living in this house yeah this is mokey
on my quest to conquer your fear and
destroy them always falling a few
pictures Julie your legs we doing now
no no don't do that don't do that yeah
you get 12 yeah I thought yes I shall be
getting this role I get on my uncle I'm
so happy
yo
you're conquering this though make it
yours well throw that thing so I'm at a
tier oi say I'm attack you boy
phasers I promise former mo I found this
to normal okay
be good Wow Wow give it to Nick your
finishes give him the Taser on the crazy
so now days it
this is nice you get that make it
conquer your fears talk to the page I'm
gonna punch him in the head yeah
oh nice and again come on boy you're not
it it's still going but it don't know
the time are you done okey a life lesson
kids first of all don't get tattoos
second of all don't get tattoos third of
all conquer your fears and like that's
all I got
okay so out of all your tattoo
experiences where does this fall on like
the weird size Douglas probably some of
the dumbest
we've ever done yeah also the most fun
though yeah I hate you tattoo wheel but
I also love you hate it but I love it I
hate it but I like it oh no we can use
the spin wheel for other stuff yo this
is the most epic spin wheel of all time
you're right and this is all your idea
though I love you slip into that but I
still baffled by the Martinez swings on
your face
every single person in the house got a
tattoo wake up I got take out the team
ten one rabbit team ten one team x Shan
a chance and Anthony where's a chance an
antlion subscribe
drop team ten one you a skater you got
well don't come for me Martinez twins
Anton ten totally different so I show
them come on
well I much fuck so this was the first
tattoo I ever did this is the second
tattoo I ever did I think that's a lot
better
here's my warmup Jared Caleb
Krista is going down the history guys
thank you so much after that and Jake
Haller
this is the team tenor we will see you
tomorrow because what's up Jake ballers
we were inspired by these tattoos to
create a piece of merchandise check out
these limited edition gun shirts that
you could get in the description go
there now check to make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 circuit see you guys
tomorrow
peace
