you cheat bag or something I might be
underwear I have a couple coochie back
yeah Oh Jake ballers honestly from the
bottom of my heart we have a serious
problem basically guys and pay attention
because this is important very important
I have a problem and I don't know the
solution I might be my the problem is
that wherever Erica and I go together
all I see is guys staring at yo they're
staring at her there's like your ha
there whistling at her or Instagram
comments who knows what's in her DMZ no
you have the same problem with your wife
same problem i watch too hot there's a
couple things you can do
number one you can I tell her stop
getting ready yo I did that I told Erica
the other day to stop wearing makeup
roll the clip don't wear makeup really
man you just gotta find a way to make
her not pretty but she's Erica Costa
that's hard bro but I see what you're
saying
Jake Pollard's man we're gonna figure
this out put your plug what just heat it
with the leaf blower
oh honey flower leaf blower and then I
got a trick up my sleeve I like this
idea stay dude Sydney I need the leaf
blower yo what is this Grand Theft Auto
but the Jake Paul version is that oh my
god that's Erica seat no don't look I'm
already starting I'm covering it up you
know where the leaf Lori's crash crash
leaf blowers in the garage guys um Oh
lighting lighting letting yo Nathan
where are you grown dang
I'm right here are you in the corner are
you filming of course I'm filming all
right I'm putting this down Jake pause
what is up guys it's the most elite
youtube channel on the YouTube platform
that there is fact yo Joe Joe Freddie
because if I put the bag over her face
no one can see her no one could see how
beautiful she is no oh no oh no my guys
we're about to get haircut when you have
a problem in life you've got to fix it
if Erica had the same problem with me I
wanted to do the same thing after this
once
no you're too hot what do you mean no
Buerkle you're joking everywhere we go
guys are like you're hot you're hot
it bothers me Erika you mean bothers you
I'm always with you
Kyler had the same problem make me some
gasoline correct why I already tried the
no makeup route don't wear makeup yeah
that's right yeah it's a Gucci bag that
that makes you feel any better it yeah
it's Gucci three feet no no I'm just
hang on I got a yeah okay I need you to
stay still okay all right where are you
guys here we go oh it's so cute it's
Gucci what will fate we'll take a
Adrienne picture and everything
you want the mouth apart open clean rip
a little it's a little card he has a
little bit of a cardboard flavor but
look at that see we go bling hey we're
logging here okay fine
Erica your problem is yeah is you're too
beautiful what do you want me to do I
don't know we're gonna figure it out but
before we figure that out guy is good
morning Jake follow this let's go Chi
if y'all are new here I'm Jake Paul you
guys are the Jake parlors in this is the
team ten house
hey that is the squad hashtag team tang
guys the strongest team on neutral
hashtag fuck okay yeah I like it too I
don't know if this is the solution
I'm just really saying I like it because
I don't want to anymore do we just
figure out what's inside of a girl's
brain hold on hold on
she said that she likes it but she
really meant are you kind of like that
she doesn't like it I don't know man I
dropped out of high school I don't know
what you think oh it's not the solution
okay solution you want to know why cuz I
kill it better girl that's not a Gucci
bag hey back up back up Nathan back up I
run back up dear God
a 1 and 1 a 1 2 3 sorry a 1 a 1 sorry a
1 a 1 a 1 2 3 4
ah bit me I know what he's trying to say
I think you just wanted to bite the bag
beam of Apollo he is really bad
he's better than he was as you know he
was in training camp for like four weeks
and this happens this morning
roll the clip you're going back to the
pound I saved you and you're not safe to
either Athena okay I know what you do
you pee all over the floor show me
affection let me know love me I mainly
just need laughs but enough with the
Erica and Apollo I'm gonna figure out a
solution for Erica imagine every day you
walk in somewhere and all you hear is
this every day and I'm just like you
don't want the hands cuz they do they
see the hands I saw thank you nope you
don't want that in your life however
guys maybe I need to get you caught up
to speed because a lot has gone down
this morning and also yesterday so if
you didn't see yesterday's video first
of all but guys yesterday we left Aspen
after my birthday on a private jet
okay super awkward
come on line up okay we need the bottle
for sure hey that's oh no no guys
but then we got home and things got lit
I got my baby back feels good to be back
at the team ten house guys but we have a
lot to do today and put your blog belts
on guys and get ready for today's roller
coaster ride isn't that right buddy put
your bra belts on guys like I said I
need love and friends mainly and yes I
have problems but guys before we go any
further today here at the team town
house there is some unseen footage that
happened in Aspen that I totally forgot
about but it's like it's too funny yo I
gotta talk about it basically what had
happened was agent Joe y'all know agent
Joe look at him huh agent Joe is always
doing business and uh yeah well he's now
my mom's agent all the clips I just
signed Pam for whatever he wants me for
is officially so so you're my agent but
you also my mom's agent now yeah yeah
and you're getting kicked to the curb
because I'm gonna focus on your mom I am
gonna take over that's really mad yeah
but here's the thing you can't you can't
sign your mom deal obviously that's a
joke like my dad is not joining team ten
my mom is not joining team ten like
there are better versions of them like
literally you guys are the younger
versions of my parents the Pam stirs
can't do it Gregg Pollard's gotta go I
really like
what is this this is the cramped squad
the crop the crops like Steve Carrell
says no so I say that's dope dope oh no
no I think it's a good idea for you guys
to maybe become a part of Gene Tenace
like I mean I'm down I do think though I
don't know how to dis you without
without dissing you but your kid swears
yeah yeah she swears no just just roll
the clip
she swears no what are you teaching your
kids what is this called no I'm gonna
teach her the proper usage of the bad
word she's been doing 4qj no no here I
got you back we're just training teach
our kids how to say the utensils let's
be honest if there's any other words
brought learning from you bud thank you
those they're saying oh yeah guys
they're getting more thick
you gotta talk in my new Italian couch
what you know nothing
I said this was for you do you kind of
wear a lot of makeup I just want to help
you I learned from you you know I don't
wear makeup
yeah I do but it's like the natural time
yours is a little bit you have fake
eyelashes on right now but you know why
anyway by the way I only have mascara on
your right a little bit of myself
literally a little bit about guys I
don't see what you nobody really taught
me yeah they are
well seconds later you are too beautiful
we need to fix the follow what I mean is
wait so you think I'm gone
no honey now I'm going to have to defend
you one day from a creepy dude yeah but
like I'm with you everywhere I go no you
don't I know you don't marry galleon
couch okay so we switch locations really
far from the it's a great College yes
thanks for getting really weird over
there yeah yeah I learned by the way if
Jericho was fake what I quilt in this
merch blanket yeah that is true probably
not she did she did to make that merch
blanket for me fans right I'll come back
let's shake well get yourself so much
and speaking of fan joy since we are on
the topic of Phandroid check this out yo
they copy a birthday gift as you guys
know also I might everyone from fan joy
thank you guys so much happy 21st
birthday Jake Paul you are a true legend
and the ultimate merged champion huh
fact I'm kind of nervous
Oh
Blagh champion
it's a Jake ball boxing robe I was
telling you the whole time that these
people don't want the hands come on come
on Erica this is what's gonna happen if
we don't come up with a solution to you
being so beautiful and seen damn no no
no we don't want that fighting is not
good anyways guys what were you saying
by the way guys I hate to interrupt
where are your kids did you forget about
your babies oh there we when they don't
serious I thought I saw them with Apollo
by themselves what watching TV Oh signs
they're watching TV they're good
definitely just down there by themselves
at school yeah Paulo you're a dog oh my
god I trust them now that he's had
training for sure yeah Oh Oh guys the
point is I'm sitting here eating these
chips stop eating these were supposed to
be on a diet
what do you mean I worked out this
morning roll the clip they call me fat
see now see now I see now listen listen
roll the clip I worked out I'm trying to
keep you on track so you when you eat
good and feel good and you'll have more
energy and then you'll be able to vlog
more roll it rolling looking out for you
roll it that workout in girl I don't
know what's hotter you are the sauna
bye I'm gonna work out you made it work
out - lets go
no speaking of things that happened
earlier this morning while we're on the
topic we also had a party on this bed
this morning
what is not even made what yeah we had a
party roll the clip
there's dogs everywhere oh Jesus
how do we get so many dogs okay no boy
because hmm oh jeez he's aggressive I
like that oh that's weird that's weird
like I said it was a hello don't have a
solution to the problem though I didn't
mind the bad language or something I
might underwear I have a couple Gucci
bag yeah I think you could spare one yo
we're getting somewhere
yo honestly I'm finishing it off Gucci
backpack No Erica's new facemask
yeah how do you feel you're way better
I'm jealous too
hold on it's like I have a new
girlfriend but it's really just you I'm
about it but I'm serious like we
actually should put it to a test we can
test it out on Armani squad bro just
walk by and we'll see if it works okay
you know we started this yeah we started
all this let's see if it works yo I mean
you kind of just threw yourself into
this but yes okay
sometimes in life you face problems
together as a couple but the only thing
you can do is come together as one love
and conquer your problems today Jerrica
has taken another step in trust love and
togetherness and with every problem you
have as a couple there is always a
solution
well sometimes nope speech Jake guys cap
yourself some of the hottest merch in
the game fans Roy guy callbacks less
Jake Paul my favorite sweatshirt is the
status red shirt if you haven't gotten
it yet why do you doin bro join the
family it's the most lit family that
there is on YouTube cuz you only have to
wear this in public oh yeah okay I kind
of just want to wear it I'm Erica cos
tau whoa did I just say love you Nathan
did you did I say that you did oh man
I'll see you guys tomorrow because it's
everyday bro peace guys
Sanjoy Kobach / kpop get it while you
can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive marg exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow oops
