this is gnarly cars it was totally a
case he moved for other people but no
one wanted to kiss us so it just turned
into us kissing each other
ah morning Anthony so I had to do it
because I like to focus haha
yeah yeah so that I can today's you I'm
sorry guys
good morning 40 ah ha ha ha
Spain whoa morning Nick yelling your
merch thank you it's been too long
what's up Chet oh I love you daisy sure
what's up Kate oh I don't I don't like
your merch oh yeah okay no Erica hey how
are you tired no Oh y'all went into it
you almost tased yourself your fault
sign your phone's fine your phone sorry
your phone's fine your phone cell what
don't wanna Jay College what's going on
were killing it to say if you are new
here I'm Jake policies henhouse these
are some of us hi I'm Janice no okay
okay yeah
he's Tony or Anthony there are some of
my friends and we are lit every single
day bro so make sure you can keep up
with us let's do that
my dad's alive screaming he's live
scheming with the people in the bus oh
my god
heat up 400 viewers yeah he's driving
you gotta drive yummy way my dad's such
a savage you should live for like 15
there's no way you guys pick the winners
for your date yet make them right yeah
we picked up Jay Polar's if you don't
know what's going on I told chance to
Nancy knew that I would fly to fans out
to go on a date with them and I had all
of you guys write poems poems poems I
can't say it to see who could go on a
date with them and they picked the
winners after like a week personally
there's a lot of dirt on though I'm not
gonna lie
okay so you guys have their names yeah
where are they where they're from
Denmark from Denmark yeah real it right
at that far no announcer named Cecil
dissing Sophia Polson guys go and Sophia
Vito Sofia they're all good poems yeah
guys I'm so excited for you guys to come
out Los Angeles congratulations if
you're watching this video if they're
gonna DM you to figure out when you're
gonna come and no quick question though
you're trying to get a kiss in college
yeah yeah yeah I mean no wait hey whoa
oh my gosh is that with with chance but
yeah not not with me I charge
I charge money for kisses yeah oh you're
a kid I made a kissing booth you'd be
done what the kissing booth oh there's a
dollar yeah so you're saying if I set up
a kitchen with and you pay me $1 right
that's it yeah if you were in the booth
theoretically as a business transaction
business transaction fair dude cool well
I mean I guess you all stood like a
kissing booth what if you were like just
the subject and it was like you're like
they're like $1
is that you such a good idea don't need
to do that what you're gonna say donate
for this most easily change yo let's
have a kissing booth
next to you guys that's I do the eyes
you could be tired from kissing JQ so
long bro let's do a kissing booth and
lemonade stand everyone will come the
diagonals all the protein pancakes go to
charity let's do it
that's lit no that's great let's go
right now and kiss people right now all
proceeds going to charity let's go
so the kissing booth was actually coming
together quite well we're gonna need to
find people to all those two girls over
there
we're having a kissing booth later would
you kiss me for $1
it's only $1 ready yet what if I give
you the dollar before wait not wait I
don't think it works that way either
supposed to pay you will be ready in an
hour so just I think the toughest part
about this is going to be getting people
to come to the kissing booth so look
okasada lonely yeah yeah okay you want
to get it on then you could charge $5 I
know you got student loans girl you can
pay them up real quick there we go
we're opening in 30 minutes yeah 30
minutes yeah I think we're building some
fight yeah I was right it's like an easy
drop 30 minutes Nick you're gonna step
in here look okay
take baller so we finished the kissing
booth right now look at how good this
looks Sam oh we did it boys now uh I
guess the only thing left to do is to
start smooching Oh get out of here bro I
get mine can I kiss you I got a dollar a
dollar
welcome to the kissing booth we are now
open um maybe pick the wrong
neighborhood to do this one it's kind of
dead here okay I see you over there dr.
mom yeah
step on up oh oh you're not gonna give
$1 closes right on you okay all proceeds
go to charity
well looks like we're closer dress on up
all proceeds going to charity dogs are
free I see your doggie cat working oh
it's not working
oh let me get out Mike yeah put it right
in there yeah we're so nation yeah yeah
well I mean yeah cool okay all right
let's do it
yeah you and the G don't care if you're
a guy all proceeds going to charity
walking the dog there kissing booth
$1 oh that's just $2 $2 the dog dogs are
free good you want another kitty come on
you want a kiss you like it come here
Julian kiss me kiss me okay all right
don't free dogs aren't free
can't even get a dog to kiss me Wow okay
more so far we've made $10 we're racking
in money we're gonna do some great
things with this so I'm super excited so
far what yeah are you Martinez real
horny horny dollars everybody give it
out yeah come on do we do it on the okay
Martinez twins so can you come help with
this kissing booth guys yeah like we're
not getting any traction out there so I
was like I need guys with like jaw lines
that are like you know yeah so can you
come out there all right come on y'all
ready
Oh
oh my god oh my god oh my god you're
that cute wow it must be squinting we
need Simon you have a swing is at least
eight callers this is all first
charitable cause so far we've raised
like $25 guys the other we were one of
you kissing booth is going great now
that the Martinez friends are here
what's up yeah yeah so cute
it's great I don't know where you guys
came from I think that you're gonna make
more movies no you guys are cuter
I'm too old you know I'm gonna like
washed up you know I don't come down
here and get some kisses yeah get some
kisses you want some girl
oh I'm pretty chill about thank you what
mmm I want that's an advocate are you in
chance gonna kiss again you won't do it
right now you won't just man up and do
it right now you guys wanted to do it
right you guys got to do it come on oh
my god that's level high yo they're
really weird right it's really weird now
you guys are kissing yeah
what is it turn into Oh what did this
turn into this is gnarly cars it was
totally crazy moves for other people but
no one wanted to kiss us so it just
turned into us kissing each other
doesn't kiss on the cheek okay Jimmy we
gotta pay for that that's my girl dogs
are free oh it took you thank you so
much all proceeds go to charity screwed
things up you're not here for the
kitchen it looks like you're here for
the kissing booth my kids are here you
look bored so we have girls still more
checking it out Erica limited time no
just joking kissing booth kissing booth
one dollar one dollar it's yeah it's a
creek yeah yeah oh yeah kiss on the
cheek though I just on the cheek ready
you and I have a picture together boom
that's my boy no way thanks Gary no at
the rave an event well guys that much
these guys I remember whoa nice to see
you again
are you here for the kissing booth
there's a kissing booth oh really cool
yeah all proceeds go to charity
I'll kiss you or you know you kiss me no
no no the kids has to be involved okay
you want to quit yeah okay are you yeah
I'm gonna take a picture okay three two
one Oh anything for charity you're here
for the kissing booth thank you all for
you but I'm no you're not no ages it's
all for charity the charity stakeholder
you know you have heard that wonderful
man
I was going to oh okay let's go then
yeah just just please don't kill me I'm
a good driver Mickey yeah most of the
time yeah oh come on man
Oh sup bro oh you got it dude yo you
thought your vlog you came to the
kissing booth I just can't see from
anything Erica what conceit that's in
their name for me yeah okay
one dollar all proceeds go to charity
how about Tony oh okay oh you gave it to
me though
what'd you give me up no I'm scared I'm
gonna I got scared I got really scared
can I give you $5.00 if you can saga you
want to shot yourself out Jake ball
shoutout now accepting paypal venmo
Wyatt right now I'm just kidding ah I'll
take your money though take your money I
know I don't want the money
no I don't want it fuck three bucks Jake
college okay fuck you it's don't you
you're trying to kind of state game able
to slow this game or see that so why not
my boys love you the kids for pizza boy
for free can't even got a face what is
this don't you see what's happening
what's happened all this right yeah wait
Kate and Nick you guys want a kiss Nate
no no no no no I just never got just the
camera no no me and Nick wanna kiss Nick
come on Kate wants to kiss you you know
I was like really exclusive okay well
sorry denies DK all Kate famous now two
kids blowing up next line on every was
going upstairs oh my god yo guys don't
leave yet I just want to let you guys
know that you can have your money back
take your money back we get back we
don't want your money good morning ha ha
they took your money yeah it's fine
adsense is poppin we don't need that
we're just blowing up cuz no way
are you Captain America yeah yeah you
could say that well you're a savage I
know I can already tell you're young
sadly can't like the Martinez swim oh my
god you asked his aardvark yeah oh I say
I don't want to
any watch it yeah you can't forget you
know my catchphrase no I don't they
don't know my catchphrase so I'm gonna
quit my life now follow g4 Instagram and
oh boy that's my boy
hug for me fuck you keep logging more
it's everyday breath Oh Jake ballers
that's been it for the kissing booth I
think I broke the gate I made like zero
dollars we gave it all back thank you
guys for coming
opening back up one more one more one
more kiss come on oh okay that was cool
yeah that was cool yeah fun cool cool
yeah we make any money though yeah yeah
we didn't get we did we suck at that
yeah the money part pretty shitty just
put three kissing roof yeah we should
done that kinda one what it turned to
their next time next net Olivia tomorrow
no
so the iPhone winner oh yeah great how
to give away that iPhone for today home
folks
so I got the iPhone winner here it's for
a Sierra Paul Sierra Paul is that good
for life is Paul
yeah that's why I chose her do it yeah
so you guys want to win the next iPhone
giveaway subscribe and also change your
last name to fall yeah
congratulations I'm going to be mu as
soon as this vlog is posted thank you so
much for voting for me guys for favorite
social media star hopefully I win we'll
see today was so much fun guys I
challenge you to work hard to smile and
to kill it every single day bro and we
will see you tomorrow because this every
single day wrote that every single day
it's everyday bro we have a piece cool
well I mess it up but yeah you know the
same you know what Jake Pollard's what's
up and check out this new March ooh that
merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake vol 2
which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 shirt
see you guys tomorrow
