I had what move you all stay ha ha ha
nothing
what hi bro good morning the Jake
Pollard's I hope you guys are having an
amazing day we have a very funny thing
that is about to go down right now cuz I
don't even know if you guys don't know
my good friend Nick Crompton is from the
United Kingdom and for the longest time
now he has been trying to get his visa
and I've been like helping him a little
bit with getting a visa so that he could
live and work in the United States now
guys this is like a huge thing for
people to get a visa especially with
like Trump as a new president and he
finally got his visa approved which
means like and this is like as of
yesterday so he is able to live in the
United States which is such good news
but we can't let him just like oh like
that was it Jake Pollard's oh I decided
that we could squeeze a prank out of
this so we made up this letter and we're
going to put it in this official
envelope that basically is saying that
Nick is going to get deported it's like
so legit got the stamp on it and
everything
let me just read one line of this to you
which is like what Nick is going to read
this official documentation is ordered
under Section 3 subsection X I in
chapter XVI of the official u.s.
immigration handbook like anyone reading
this like especially Mac T is going to
freak out he's upstairs asleep right now
it's super early we're gonna put this
letter on his desk like what this mean I
mean yeah but like he's got his visa
from also it's like it's like it's a big
bump hour and then you're sweet yeah was
that a sour patch kids brandy no no pre
plug ok but like versus sucks really bad
and then you just like give them this
you're like JK lol your visa got
approved so it's going to be sad but so
inspirational all at the same time guys
also we are wrestling last night for our
workouts and I have scratches on the
side of my face in case you're wondering
what those are my brother's face enemy
hey I'm vlogging your face now
my blood okay cool you actually throw
our mother French about the prank Nick I
met somebody got deported and then I'm
gonna tell him that he actually got his
visa approved yeah
bro it's such a big moment yeah it's
official yeah bro it's official what do
you mean oh yeah yeah I did
I got a Lambo cos all right putting that
note in here and gonna put it on Nick's
desk which is right here we're just
gonna have to wait until he kind of like
naturally opens it Kade you're gonna be
in here yeah I'll be I'll be working me
and I like come out with a vlog camera
it'll be like super obvious as the prank
if you see him start to open it just
like her not one of the cameras on your
desk I'm on camera water line for urgent
I got these stamps which will make it
look a little bit more official because
I handwriting terrible and then I walk
off to him and I'll hand him man I'll
say did you read this but here we go
here we go soon be like a Mega Millions
what the heck I'm using the government
okay Wow I wait for Nick to wake up I
think everyone else is still asleep
which is unacceptable
yo wake up guys we have stuff to do okay
man let's go bro it's just team 10
that team sleep it up I think they sleep
naked oh that's awkward
okay I'm gonna leave on that note yes
wake up Eddie
oh you're headed in like yeah that's all
I'm saying how's it go yeah I said to
them sleeping the Martinez twins and
chances they don't want it don't wanna
can't fly our subscribers are going like
this here that is just Skyler's are
going down well I on the phone yeah I'm
trying to get us a dumpster since nobody
don't want to give out the trash I'll
take it out right now
Jed yes good morning good morning
have you seen this yet I have this is
the this is the Lamborghini that I'm
getting right it looks like a space
shuttle inside I'm saying like that
because it is a space shuttle number
Guinea
let it come for a month it I'm not good
with words you guys know they just tried
Lamborghini
Otakon Otakon Pokemon that's good
knowledge of the Martinez twin say it's
a Lamborghini
Otacon put Vermont a la mode unique on
it come or they come on
barfle angry yeah yeah my god is he here
100k bro he thinks because that's what
happens for he poses yeah bro it's just
114 baby oh oh as soon as I were you I
was up at like 7:30 as soon as an
influencer hits 100k they start let's
sleep in till 10:00 you know we made it
wake up just relax you know driving a
Lamborghini make a couple pictures
except if you're on team ten baby Jake
ball take clues know what's in the box
hope it's not so nice yo what is in
there kind of in a really fragile mobile
is not fragile I'm like oh but I got a
package called this I like an iPhone
here punch it open we probably should
figure out what it is
punch it open Oh teddy bear oh oh ah
now follow me start punching it with
your sorry life
did you hit 100k bro even some in until
town
I can't do that guys the other day I was
talking about how my dad is driving
across the United States in a bus and he
invited the Jake polish and lo gangsters
to come and we were making fun of it we
were like yo no one no one to come with
them three people are going with my dad
no there to god you are twins from a
while
yo that's what I'm saying Oh House wins
just want it low-key how would you feel
if we flew out to where we that tomorrow
and we joined the bus for a day nah I'm
gonna chill here but this is absolutely
ridiculous like my dad's making friends
with everyone and they're driving across
the United States like so savage yo go
to California Jake Fowler's little
gangsters we got Kyle Ashlee Janelle
going with us we're picking some people
up in Colorado that's our bus we are
going to label with our names on it
we're going through Colorado we're going
to share our route if you guys see us
honk wave do something fun and we'll be
touched
no no I'm making it seem like he's
getting deported like a official letter
and everything and I'm gonna tell him
that he got his visa and you got it
approved he's gonna cry I know I
wouldn't cry he's going to cry I like
sadness and I cry of like having it it's
like the rank with my brother in the
Lamborghini except without the happiness
talk yo look at this giant ha I'll close
my boy
guys this actually so much new
merchandise and I'm about to go give
everyone downstairs some Jake Paul
merchandise and see if they like freak
out you know it's my gift to them we
just restocked the Jake Palmer pink
hoodies they were sold out for the
longest time these are also sold out
they're now available again we got the
pop sockets always fire kickball shirts
what I'm wearing like right now cats and
then we just got these pins in guys
these are really cheap if you want to go
to the site the link is in the
description these ones are like easy to
get and I'm really excited to announce
that we just dropped a couple new pieces
that just came out limited edition
they're summer pieces for you guys to
rock during the summer if they're super
super cool here are some pictures of
them check those hoods are so so so sick
and they're on the site right now
they're only going to be available for a
limited amount of time so guys if you
want to get them go right now the Jake
collar army is about to have the most so
I got a any one custom merchandise is
extra hot okay let's give everyone some
free stuff that's uh hey I got you some
Jake Palmer yeah we same I just wanted a
false-positive years ago in it look at
that oh good morning Nick morning what's
up bro I'm up to quite annoyed at you
why because I was troubled for 24 hours
when he could have just California oh
you're right because it's been like both
and then you would have been gone like
for example Oh make words you go just
kidding you right there but yo I got you
guys some gifts yeah you down Nick throw
some Jake Palmer there you go bro top
stock in a shirt cave don't think I
forgot about you bro
there you go want to do that again oh my
there you go Oh Chad did you want some
too don't think I forgot about you here
your head there you go buddy
who else want some what do you think all
good right
it's gonna fit all right I said it's
good yeah I got a carpet yeah I use it
on my phone case everyday it's really
good you guys get the merch - there you
go
god Anthony oh Tristan you weren't here
when I was giving them out so oh I made
like one left
oh hi that's Anthony Anthony that's
yours bro you're gonna have to fight for
by Tristan Martinez twins oh there you
go
cool boom right there pop socket spins
everything you got the whole collection
good job kids this is what happens when
you come to America you just you know
you just get a lot of free stuff we all
have a lot of money you know I mean good
stuff good stuff your dick baller yeah
okay good it's dope right you're already
wearing it she's already got it on
Lincoln by oh my god plug plug always
plug kids you got to make money that
one's actually Anthony's I know but I'm
gonna wear it
okay that's fine and just once for Erica
I mean give it Erica erica okay Erica
we'll hopefully you're Jake Poehler and
you watch this vlog I'll just leave your
free stuff right there on the gun for
you so what you got planned for today
Nick and they ever been in the United
States for a while I'll throw them to
you yo Nick what do you have time y'all
doing anything oh okay oh that's fun how
long it'll take them to find it done
it's actually the best way to give
someone a gift
unlike cranking them first and then for
sure you live in vogue I'm an extreme
high that's like the lamborghini video
I'm just gonna walk in with my camera
then like put my camera down like I
don't hope that me everything yeah
there's also way to Minsk is that
we should just make only a click or stay
down repetitive probably start talking
about it to ask me and ask me what to do
and I would know what to do in a
situation like this because I get
deported from countries all the time
yeah what are you upon I'm going to
point says you're getting deported
shut up stop trying to mess with I'm not
you're not just because all of that I
mean that looks legit five days I'm
literally on disco-pop that's not I
think that everything is okay oh it's
like a lot early for usual oh it says
that next calvinism energy using
anything it illegally can I won't like
just get out and let me inject or not
moving I don't think they'll let you
back in after person after you see
people into those like the new president
you know I'm going to cry don't cry
though I see a big there I don't know
what we're going to do without you
surely there's something we can do like
I got a letter too that might be part of
this read that book really yeah it was a
great bro
I'm shaking right now you got your
Bistro
I hate all of you all say what your
eyebrow you look at this urgent message
from the government look at the actual
piece of paper it looks legit I can't
believe you do have you know who typed
it up it's really well done
so I've got my visa now you got a proof
for your visa you can get a license you
can by jingo you go to edit out you go
technically what you're saying is I
don't need you guys anymore well living
what I mean okay oh man thank you I love
you bro
welcome to the United States you get rid
of your accent though okay Laura close
let's AMERICA AMERICA OH
Ford Steel McDonald Google hamburgers
hot dogs hot dogs bitches yeah yeah we
have a lot of female dogs yeah matsumoto
what about the mob peanuts wouldn't
though they're actually getting deported
so not afraid no no we'll get their visa
I got you guys thanks I got you I won't
let I won't let Trump take you back
China China yes a like call your parents
and stuff and tell them they don't know
you never can tell sauce and parents of
it I don't know who they are oh that's
awkward okay watch this I'm joking we
should call him and be like yo I'm never
coming back home to tell you again now
my citizens my dad walk poor cripple my
mom will kill Paul was not crying on the
phone hello all right cookie off I just
call off our have you say my broke me
off
um so I got my visa and I'm probably
never going back to the UK yeah No
oh she sounds hot sorry mom sorry whose
wall the dick ballers hello yeah hi we
stole your son from the UK we love you
and we love Nick yeah I'm never coming
back
sighing excited so it's like all right
Nick I'm actually so happy for you bro
you got your visa and Jake Pollard's we
have a couple more things left to do
today so let's do it
Hey
ah
Oh guys it was such a fun day and I want
to say one more thing today is the last
day to vote for me to win the RDMA for
favorite social media star if you vote
for me you have a chance of winning this
iPhone then announce the winner tomorrow
so make sure you go vote for me right
now we gotta win this thing guys we got
stronger chance and Anthony are almost
done figuring out their dates you had to
pick a date yet okay will happen
tomorrow too right
let's do an Jake Pollard's I will see
you tomorrow because it's everyday bra
British cake Pollard's what pop and
check out this new March ooh that March
is hot boy new items of merchandise
limited time click the link make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on a daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 shirt see you guys
tomorrow
poof
