I think I know jigs choice he's gonna
stick with the pork hey how's your
morning going I'm doing great I do the
bill
I'm doing great except I woke up this
morning a my assistant almost burned my
coffee which almost burnt my tongue if
that could it be a hold a ruiner ha ha
ha yeah so uh what do you want to do
today hmm
I have an expensive tastes always
looking cars I love cars I have 40 of
them one for every day of the month
Oh 9 that's great that's great
yeah my wife yells to me but at you or I
say I say who's paying the bill listen
honey - someone's got a Phoebe kid
that's right that's right so what you
want to test drive some Lamborghinis
test drive oh you mean purchase that's
funny the car in like 12 years who cares
how it drives it's how it looks just
even if I don't like it I keep it bad
and bougie oh good morning Timothy I'm
doing great you know what I hate more
than that outfit my ex-wife ha ha ha
this outfit is resizing 40 grand Mike
Tyson oh wow too early for all that way
too early
I wipe my ass with 40 grand hey Siri
where's the Lambo dealership oh wait
I'll just ask my assistant who needs a
virtual one oh wait what's that Siri 20
feet away because we live in Beverly
Hills
oh thanks Ron I see you got me a balloon
for how many million dollars I made
yesterday I figured the zeros were a
ways cuz they go on forever and then I
said honey why would we pick up the kids
from school but I Tesla kid Auto get
them like autopilot and then I overheard
him saying to his wife he got the verse
a sheet
this was great
hey Rodney thinking this one will look
really nice next to my Rolex what's up J
koalas good morning three four minutes
in maybe anyways what's up nothing I was
just telling them in my log yesterday
that with fastest growing YouTube
channel at the moment yeah you're
killing me bro thanks so are you both uh
if you're like yo I got one for you too
yeah Lambros but we're gonna buy this
we're gonna wear it until we both get it
built up just I think you're like what
your number one was your car number like
a three that sounds yeah that's what I'm
saying I'm not happy
yeah yeah we're doing it brother right
we have we're and we're for my friends
you're as aware the friends I oh yeah
besides able are cool
we actually gonna test drive some
Lamborghinis now know recently I still
need to figure out which one I want this
is the more expensive one Aventador or
auto car go to cut and I'll not has to
go I've been watching videos yeah yeah
see faster never drivable yes lighter
more drivable more time Utica you're
telling you that but we got a touch of
it yeah let's do right now right now
yeah okay yeah I mean we're just chillin
right now dude who like we can't afford
one
all we know is whatever the choices
we're gonna get to drive it eventually
who told you that
no no no
no that's fine let me with all right no
no no Jake Pollard's this one's calling
my name
gonna have to test-drive the Aventador
but the red we got my brother's manager
here manager Jeff red he's helping us
decide oh yeah that's what I'm saying
like I want to get a convertible yeah I
have to get some say I got my blonde
hair flowing like this oh your managers
a vlogger bro he's good on camera right
look at him he says this dad team Logan
pose okay all right how you feeling in
there bro honestly bro powerful I feel
your feeling of Aventador it's just so
nice we don't like the idea of matching
with you dude you're my bro dude you're
my bro this was this was your idea
indirectly steel by the way you bad dude
everyone's like yo I was too far I'm
like I know yeah I said that to go
thumbs down the video you you Bing the
top comment saying I feel so bad
skew it also said you can do whatever
you want to prank me said no no I know I
am and you're screwed bro yeah ballers
you have no you have no idea what's
coming son okay okay all right I'll see
you again love you more crispy
very crispy yo this is that
so he's gonna come back after Logan and
be like alright that was an easy test
drive that you're gonna give the car I'm
gonna yeah no don't drive it hey we're
done we're gonna need waivers next time
what how bad is it
what makes joking no Logan
where's you gentlemen are you joking I
was just kidding just kidding a
conference call here you want to hear I
just got done saying that you're like a
good vlogger like I want to believe that
the Yak is loving the terrible driver
cue the YouTube video of Jake winning
how does it feel to not be at first how
does it feel to not be at first
what's it like to be a loser with the
luck be a loser Logan's back how was it
come on what where was my team where my
people throw the car is my yo you know
that he just pranked me and it was like
on the phone it was like he crashed it
skewed a pop by Jake Pollard's a mother
test drive this one let's see how it
goes I don't know what's what I want to
get yet I need your guy's help comment
below which one you guys think I should
get the Otakon or the event that thought
thank you Ragini Diane which time
borghini do I buy
it's so lit
it's a it's absurd they're just it's
just power that's what I'm saying
power I'm saying oh look at that that's
you yeah
yo it's funny how but we hold the camera
like this like out here and you only
like right next to face why I'm
recording other people yeah I like that
we have a child let's do it bro how was
that how was that no no all right let me
drive it let me drive it out of the side
all the sides so Jake you're entering
the second of two Lamborghinis this is
the oricon how do you feel initial
sitting is like it feels really great
it's a smaller vehicle this isn't the
exact specs just made it so much harder
because now he was like that might be in
the move now I think the decision is
lying on me don't let that way into your
decision make my grade it's your life
just cuz you're brothers doesn't mean it
has to be your decision - yeah yeah yeah
he's all good start up there's something
anyway I just got done driving the
Oerlikon it's the movie Oh like it was
exponentially like more fun for me more
whipple more drivable sounds better and
then my boy Fang was like yo you might
as well just wait and get the perform on
teh which is like the news that's not
saying it's the 2018 that's coming out
and we can order it so I'm gonna
customize the perform on teh get it off
Specht out and I think that's the one
that I'm gonna get Logan might not be
patient and wait six months but like I
want this to be like 100% right and it's
a big purchase and like anything worth
having is worth waiting for
so I agree man as a fellow car
enthusiast
perfect that's right first off let's
start with the color color you feel so
much pressure oh my god wow this just
made it a lot harder I'm nervous I'm so
I'm so nervous bro yeah yeah but this is
the this is the best thing I've ever
done like this is like amazing
saying build a car to go the Bears like
build a dream it's like Nike ID for
shoes except yeah I know now we're going
to interior oh my boy stepping up right
now
Jake Pollard's bro we just customized
the 2018
Otacon perform on Tay look at that
that's my car that's gonna come soon
guys we're gonna have to be patient but
it's me so much better like I didn't
want to rush this and like Logan made me
feel like I had to rush it just screw
you Logan I think he's still gonna get
one right away low-key we'll just drive
it when he doesn't drive it I think
we're just gonna have to wait but I
might have a surprise for you guys in
the meantime while we get a car I just
told Cade that like I might get
something in the meantime yo cuz hi guys
this school is a living all Jake
Pollard's there so hype right now I love
you guys guys we're leaving the
Lamborghini dealership such an amazing
experience I think we came to a solution
and I found like the exact thing that
I'm like obsessed with and while we wait
for the Lamborghini it's gonna take like
six to eight months for it to come from
Italy we're gonna do like a grand
delivery of it and I have a surprise for
you guys in the meantime because why not
you're at the weigh-in see let's see
what's poppin guys haha just got back
home guys the reality of this is like
starting to set in
you guys might be didn't get a good view
of the Lamborghini so if you're a couple
pictures of it so you could like get a
better view of it and see it like across
your whole entire screen it's honestly
like so so beautiful and I just talked
to Logan and convinced him to make the
same move as me so we're gonna be
getting them at the same exact time
we're both gonna be patient together and
wait for it it's gonna be such an
awesome experience he's gonna fully
customize his two
and I'm just like super super excited
for it but in the meantime we got some
stuff to do oh so we are on set right
now guys it is lit it's a shoot day so
that means the big cameras are out
really just so many people here really
good food hence the best part fun fact
guys every episode of one of these shows
costs anywhere from one to three million
dollars to make fun fact during labor
that's what I'm saying cuz don't tell
him I told you that didn't hear that is
that I'll get shot in the head but yo
let me tell you Ethan you know a little
thinner he's gotten who's watching him
she's like his legal guardian fudge
she's bay doors cousin is upstairs
always cousin yeah oh oh you're the
timing of that hey hey what's up what's
up what you guys doing yeah no way
that's embarrassing yeah hey
how's my makeup significantly more
attractive yeah I look good right yeah
you went from late to attend no way I'm
a ten I thought it was impossible but
wow you did it thank you
okay not a time now it's all right where
the producers uh the what producers
bazaar Burke oh they're like in the
other room why there's like no we're
swimming we're just gonna what are you
scheming just tell me tell me we're
almost I'd like to know where the
producers are bark yeah right here oh no
you know we're nearing 200k on YouTube
so we have our episode yeah our guest
appearance oh you think
cuz you have to an okay they're gonna
put you on a Disney show I mean 200,000
subscribers I mean that's pretty
significant these days okay well the
producers are in that room over there yo
uh excuse me you know we're just curious
when we're gonna have our guest
appearance no different didn't know
that's not the producer so we have like
a you know almost - okay I knew tube
we're just wondering when I guest
appearance yeah wait what y'all not the
producer sorry about what my friends
don't understand Hollywood it's a little
bit different like yes we go to act
Union back well back to Ohio okay even's
cousin if you're in there we love you
cousin I love you you're even better in
person
what's up Jake Pollard's we're here that
sorry I upgraded guys skew into this
camera what's up Jake Pollard's yeah
it's a bigger camera just kidding it's
still weird um look how big this vlog
camera is though all right this is your
guys's chance to be on bizarre barking
chance to dancing around bizarre bark
we're chance and Anthony welcome to the
Disney Channel Wow someone's got an
attitude you're just mad cause your
cousin's hot backup because yeah that's
right scared - I know you could get out
there bro which one of you looks more
like me which one looks more like me
Anthony has more like okay chance I have
to say is here we go okay my channel all
we do is plug plug plug yo I mean look I
think we look better anyway well might
as well check out the new merchandise
that I just dropped Lincoln bio Jake
Pollard's wet stop and check out this
new March that marches hot new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
I'm Ethan Walker on Instagram no stop
stop stop
you can play yourself you give us your
cousin's number but literally insert for
pop bags yeah for like it seems like I'm
getting robbed here what else can you
offer us it really okay for pop tags
yeah cheekbones just finished up on set
ha today's post notifications shoutout
goes to Brandon Shepherd do you guys
want to post notification shout out all
you have to do is turn on my post
notifications and comment when you are
done we're about to go to the gym and
get some more stuff done and I will see
you tomorrow because it's everyday bro
peace make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
check it see you guys tomorrow peace
