sorry oh my gosh I didn't even know she
had a car oh my god oh my gosh oh my
gosh Jake Pollard's yo this is huge this
is huge
everyone gets free March everyone just
it is that would be expensive but this
is yo honestly this is big right now
whoa after 180 vlogs we became the Jake
callers we became the fastest-growing
YouTube channel this month why guys this
is really incredible like that is such
an accomplishment from two hundred
thousand subscribers to 3.8 million in
four months and this month is the
biggest of them all nine hundred and
thirty thousand subscribers this month
and it's all because of you guys thank
you so much like this is such an
incredible feeling like oh I want to
thank my mom one thing my dad or think
of Jake taller so I want to thank Erica
they can't see you but a hundred and
twenty two million views this month
freakin records out here cuz this stuff
hasn't been done before cuz again I just
want to say thank you for everyone that
comes back every day because it's every
day bro like I put so much effort into
this I spend so much time on this I do
it while I'm sick I destroy my friends
faces I destroy my house oh it's all for
the fun of it and we have so much fun
and it's just like such a special moment
I don't know I'm just I'm kind of
speechless and also look at this check
out what's in the box oh guys and this
month I won a team kind member of the
month I don't know if you can see this
Oh almost lost you there Starr look at
this you'll look at how legit this
trophy is because like this thing is
heavy
I won team ten member of the month we
became the fastest growing YouTube
channel like what this is ridiculous and
now I'm nominated for the RDMA thing
which you guys are helping vote for life
we're on a roll
I'm gonna put this on my on my trophy
wall it was my first one
of course good morning guys well good
afternoon it's afternoon right now this
morning I went to Disney I didn't film
any of it because we have a lot of stuff
planned for you right now I hope you
guys are having a great day I hope you
guys smile today
stay positive setting goals conquer them
keep on working hard and after that guy
yeah yeah it's your birthday happy
birthday bring it in how old are you 18
okay I got you a present okay ready
here's what it is oh it's a tag what I
gonna link in the descriptions oh no are
you take 41 21 21 hug so what are we
gonna do for your birthday we're going
to get tissue right now we're going in
sushi yes are you paying you know
they'll have funnies never know hi oh
man I just got here I have no money
yeah these views Jake the user no okay
just like watch me II oh okay well I'm
waiting everything sorry another don't
yell see there's congrats on your tag um
I also got you those balloons over there
let's say 18 thank you yeah you were you
out those yeah I don't remember you
getting those guys that's all weird okay
thanks Erica Tessa yeah I also got you
this cake oh you eat so it or not that's
the style nowadays Los Angeles cake I
can really turn natural yeah okay cool
does that kinda what you're going with
like your shirt - yeah I'm just trying -
yeah thank you like you know that's good
looking
but just candy candy yeah yeah dog oh
this is like pounds of merchandise guys
okay shut the bleep up my question did
your house but none of you are getting
tagged if you don't stop talking right
now okay pop tags darn works every time
so basically the goal of right now is to
sell my action
okay sell my ex-girlfriends house
basically the long story but you know
figured we sell a house right that's
fine I'm getting back at your
ex-girlfriend yeah
where should you look let's find out
I feel like four seconds of searching if
we found out where she lived and now
we're gonna go there right now we got
this for sale sign right here that we're
gonna put our house up for sale with no
what are you doing
do you love is that you me what are you
doing in there it was good how'd you
know we went to dinner I'd been around
for a while okay always yeah too far too
far till Akio do to like instead of
logging all this tonight can we just
chill and hang out like regular people
yeah now log he must be new to social
media you do it at social media okay oh
yeah that's funny don't you know I'm
down to making this a little bit easier
just call out it'll make my video a lot
easier Erica do you want a date yeah
yeah okay we're breaking up see now
she's my ex-girlfriend but we can just
go over here
I will you just tell her house still it
gives it some milk I'm not going to be
able to beat so that's how you're
acceptable to nobody not okay but now
we're gonna actually sell max
girlfriend's house last part we're just
trying to be funny you know trying try
sorry you know what my ex-girlfriend she
uh she sold my heart for very cheap
that's not okay
I'm strong I'm strong you remember her
right
I was 17 years old now she moved to LA
if you're watching it
you sold my heart on the side house that
he was your real name
are you even a blonde or brunette yeah I
don't know what city were you in from
that just all a lie
conspiracy ha for sale by owner you know
what and next time stay away from my
friends too you thought
and Ashley if you're still watching this
there's still love you
I don't know there's no no not with your
Ashley ash you're still watching it
watching
I want my scooter back now yes please
back yeah let's go boys Oh
one allele okay
one alligator ok guys so we just got
here
it took us like a while to get here get
down get down car either coming this way
okay so I don't know if she's home or
not boss just cause the cloud she
usually just like travels around like a
bunch of different places
did her securities like pretty nuts in
this mood like okay act natural
I've never liked that song that's your
acting natural guys this is our house
over here there's like a car in the way
but on the other side get out I'm gonna
check if the coast is clear
okay there it is it's even bigger than I
thought yeah all right I'm now ready for
house is so smelly
yeah Ashley I hate you yeah screw you
Ashley you tie your house smells Oh Oh
God oh my gosh I didn't even know she
had a car I thought she just get her
over Spain so everywhere she goes oh my
god hey are you doing sir no I just
realized I forgot the sign no she's not
worth the cycle powers is not a little
bit y'all have to sign back good please
I still hate you Ashley
I'm taking my sign back yeah do that
again the other sign Oh yo watch out for
savage v you get it cuz like your ex
girlfriends are like trash lunches mom
saw me yeah
did you have to get in trouble I don't
know what they say well they just kind
of staring and I was like sorry he picks
it up they don't even send it to go have
a good night
I'll jokester actually so cheesy like
was my ex-girlfriends house you think
the Jake Pollard's picked up on that
baby
maybe it's like because it's a joke with
like those memes or it's like oh just
chilling with my ex that really was
actually put an hour all the way to who
knows where to not sell your
ex-girlfriends out yes we read back
really fast for being an hour away I
cheered you on the whole time I'm just
saying oh I just can't believe that
wasn't her house
yeah I'm sorry guys it was just like a
joke like you know the name like the
means to enqueue the meeting let's see
how many times you can scare Tessa in
one minute
Jake ballers oh yeah is doing well
that's two already you're so easy to
scare we're now going outside the way oh
there's a there's there's no fit out
there there's something else okay yeah
that's like five six forty seconds to 26
Cory circuits coasters enjoying the
bathroom what is to say for yourself oh
yeah six in one minute that's it you're
the easiest person in the world to scare
okay so my friend Danner just got here
we're gonna try it - I love you bro
all right so you go back and I know dude
I was getting out to say I saw you guys
come out around your stealth he has good
eye I saw him and then I didn't see your
title what's up bro I'm a better kisser
knee what how are you get out you die
guys hello better kisser let's go
no it's here we go here we go here we go
you know you're not doing it right here
we go watch it's like this here we go
here we go here we go that was good yeah
that's good well I shall watch out watch
out
how many people keep it under black
you don't know my same okj parlors I
will see you tomorrow because good guys
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
trick see you guys tomorrow
