yo before we died we were in our death
beds or gonna be like Joe that day when
we bought Lambo yeah guys good morning
the point really is doing okay so guys
this morning Yvonne I'm gonna bring my
problem just like y'all will have to
break Emilio still asleep
he's like rock-solid us with uh sleep
and what do you want to do I'm going to
put my brother in the traffic like the
bad something he's going to be like with
like a pool pray put in traffic okay so
apparently we're going to put Emilio in
traffic all this stuff I mean we're
gonna carry is bad out there
ohayo strangle boys nothing going on
here
my neighbors are probably like what the
heck I'm a baguette he's so heavy I
don't know what they're feeding these
kids in Spain my god so everyone is
looking at us
good morning Jay Paula welcome to my
life I'm Jake Paul this is team ten good
morning
oh yeah put some clothes on
it's lit every single day sorry
literally everyone is looking at us
right now
yeah Kyle's the fastest amplitude the
farm corn good morning bro good morning
Jay are you awake now
yeah so there's a cop down the street so
we had to run I'm also sick so yeah I
don't feel that good I might pass out
really fast what do you eat that like
makes you sleep that hard I feel like
like yo for real I thought that I was
dreaming like oh like I know I knew in
my in my dream like cars like yours I
was dozing saying I don't really
understand what they say
what he was having a dream I think good
morning Rick good morning how are you
how you doing Tessa sorry to cut you off
I'm just really hyper what's up any
updates life update guys you guys still
talk to the kids you went on a date with
yeah we talked to him on Instagram
content yes
oh my gosh what part to bring that day
no we find you would I say roasted you
guys but y'all enjoys me down to like
find like Jake Paul ur girl Jake
Pollard's to go on a double date with
Daddy yeah why not this just became
official Jake Pollard's if you're out
there and your two girls and you're over
the age of 18 for these guys we're gonna
fly you out to Los Angeles to go on a
double date with them so I guess in the
comments section write a poll if you
have to write a poem for chance and
Anthony and they might pick you usual
take someone to go on a date with allies
are not Los Angeles to go on a date with
you every time I go like oh my god yeah
okay so in the comment sections write a
poem if you want to go on a date with
them and they're going to go through
them I will announce the winner sometime
in the next week yeah go excited
oh it's romantic
are you there yeah Chad I'm sorry bro
yeah you're next you're nice shad and
then the Martinez twins you could be the
waiter again yes you guys got a chip
this time Oh Jake balls out they don't
tip I'll be winner oh yeah what what no
what are you all dressed up for
I'm going to a birthday brunch you look
great I thought good job
wow look at those yeah that's your girl
oh okay I hear oh my god okay I light it
oh yeah yeah that was sick we need more
yeah yo it was like still lit what's up
Jake ballers he'll give you a little bit
of an update on the situation that
happened yesterday so as some of you
guys know if you watch the video I
pranked my brother by making it seem
like I bought him a Lamborghini
Aventador that led to him being like
screw you Jake I'm going to actually buy
a Lamborghini now which then led to me
being like okay I'm going to buy a
Lamborghini now then all of us just
started buying Lamborghinis so we go to
the dealership we start looking at the
cars they have the exact car that I
actually wanted for a really long time
and I was planning on buying a
Lamborghini anyways but I figured like
we're in the moment it was like really
magical like I've never felt that way in
my life before and we just went to go do
it when we got to the dealership they
told us it would take two to three days
to get us approved to be able to buy one
from them because they have to go
through this like whole like financial
process so we went and did that
okay so we're at the Lamborghini
dealership right now we're both feeling
trying to buy Lambo I don't know what's
wrong I'm going to put this in I'm
either going to do it in tomorrow's or
today is depending on how long it is
guys but Jay collars stay tuned we're
trying to get Lambos right now this is
the most ridiculous day of my life
yo before we died we were in our death
beds would be like that every day when
we bought Lambo yeah bro at 20 and 22
this is just poppin bro
stuff we're down this morning and now
we're here yeah we're trying to get some
my book yeah we need those we're just
trying to figure out what we want yo so
basically what is happening is that
they're filling out like a credit
approval thing which takes two days to
submit so I'm not going to be able to
drive them off the lot today which does
suck but they'll get approved to the
credit and we'll come back and pick up
the new Lambo this is the one Jake's
looking at or read we think Logan is
looking at this one he's really into the
whole purple thing I don't know why you
know I think that's really going down
right now Jake Wohlers like I'm buying
it I tried the pole look around it
escalated so fast like very fast it went
from like a prank like a one big joke to
like one big very serious yeah I thought
I was going to discuss these after that
all right so we have to go through an
approval process which is going to take
like two to three days so we'll see what
happens with that but I think we're
doing it bro that's right Paul yes just
announce it now that looks terrible you
wouldn't get any girls got look good
this is the blonde hair the red hair guy
so this is the move just imagine if we
bought Logan if I drop this would have
never happened
we should that I'm so glad this is a
decision that we made I feel so powerful
please paddle shifters haha I think I
just did it this looks like a jet
airplane and so first thing you want to
do is put your foot on the brakes whisk
that up push that button far away
it looks good with the topo Braille so
we were kind of upset that we couldn't
like drive them up a lot but anything
worth waiting for is worth having and
it's ugly super magical we are finally
able to get them guys so that should be
happening sometime in the next week if
everything goes smoothly maybe it might
take a little bit longer who knows but
I'm super excited about that guys and
like none of this would be possible
without the Jake Polar's and the family
that we've created and I'm so glad that
you guys are part of it and coming back
every single day and you know and being
a part of team 10 it's so much fun guys
and I want to be able to inspire you
guys to chase your dreams and smile and
work hard every single day and
accomplish the things that that you want
talking got my mouth dry I'm sick guys
to try to push through it Michael Jordan
played an NBA championship with a 102
degree fever so you know I could vlog
with a cold okay Michael Jordan's all
out that oh god okay that's the fun yo
wow look at this scrub listen listen
listen listen listening the video from
yesterday has half a million views in 37
minutes that's jus kid that's Jake Pole
you good bro you good bro that's the
fattest that's the hardest that Jake
callers have ever gone no high five them
bro
high five them good night guys yo we are
out here is a scar let's go come come
come
these are so the coals are gonna get hot
and now we have to walk on it Beijing Oh
No be careful - we're making hot coals
to walk on now alright first
this is absolutely sad like it's not
even hot yet so yeah it is a god still
on fire like right there it's really bad
I spit all over it wasn't bad it's bad
sucker does it hurt a lot yeah it's
pretty bad now is what I'm talking bout
now economy to a man right here okay
Jesse goin well you got a represent hi
Oh throw like I don't want to go wow you
got it this one's for Australia oh my
god Oh bro wow dude we could get
gnarlier though let it off I'm gonna lay
down on it what Chad come down you're
like me I'm down to watch I need you
guys are the towel don't put my out
there Chad okay that's enough Anthony
that's a lot please don't try this at
home
Wow oh no crap walking it these crab
dead
loosen your hand I'll probably burn
Louis you just missed all the fun bro we
were walking on hot coals what else we
lit a skateboard ramp on fire it's lit
bro I've already gone literally guys
gonna fight though you know you're from
Ohio - yeah so many people from Ohio in
one side yeah postures what to do with
people who are c'mon how high five oh
are you from Fresno California
yeah ballet just start saying that
you're from Ohio okay nice to come out
no I love together you guys are my
favorite people saw me you know all we
should do is have an Ohio barbecue
cooking with acetone ah yeah we're gonna
have some bacon oh ha no it doesn't seem
to be working so I don't really know
what we're doing let's go do something
else
two hours later one time though again
just trying to show off my shoes what
does Jake polish how you doing guys
what's up with snob but something's
really important happen and I need your
guy's help but there's a reward cut up
do it an iPhone giveaway iPhone 7 matte
black guys like I said I'm doing a
giveaway every single month and
basically what had happened was we got
some I tell them I got nominated for a
Radio Disney Music Award for favorite
social media star Jake callers we got
nominated yo no guys the awards are in
less than a month and the voting ends in
six days that's big we have to win guys
Jake Pollard's we don't lose we have to
win this award we need to band together
an army go to the link in the
description that word and both for Jake
Paul I'm going up against the dog we
can't lose to it all through the Jake
ballers are the number one army out
there and we got to win this guy so stop
what you're doing right now scroll down
go to that link I'm going to be picking
someone to get this iPhone 7 to if you
vote for me guys so all you have to do
to win this go to the link in the
description vote for Jake Paul and make
sure you're subscribed and you know if
you do you really want to win you can
just go check out my Instagram edges Oh
wanna win came a food shameless plug
what a nice plug you got up you got a
plug I mean kids always hug your stuff
if you want the iPhone 7 we gotta win
this book let's do it guys we can do
this it has been pretty lit as Alan but
it's Sunday we got some other stuff to
do some cleaning out boring stuff gonna
wash it all art off real life things so
I think I'll see you tomorrow because
it's everyday bro open screams yeah yeah
okay callers what's up and check out
this new March whoo that March is hot
boy new items of merchandise limited
time click the link make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
poof
