I hang out there right who's that what
you're wearing
yeah this is what I'm wearing what are
you wearing this helmet ass yeah yo is
that what you're wearing is that what
you're wearing - oh yeah yeah yeah is
that what you're wearing
yes frosh bra got that Jake Palmer - no
no so Jake Pollard's go to the up to the
people in your school just be like is
that what you're wearing and then walk
away they get pissed it mainly worked
with Erika so you got mad but for real
is that really what you're in yeah okay
good morning Jake Pollard's what is
going on with my head I hope you guys
are having a great day keep on working
hard keep on telling it and keep on dad
you don't have to dad work hard guys
smile today is a good day I hope you
guys are having a good day everything is
good everything is great good I'm sorry
how far away is that uh let's just say
how do I want to say this what's a good
way to say this
oh we're pitching TV show ideas yeah
we're gonna marry me maybe
whoo
good meetings guys we got a lot of big
things in the works for you guys you'll
see it start to come to fruition in the
next couple of months here and good
morning game on deck
good morning Anthony oh good morning day
good morning Martinez twin good morning
Tessa dirty Levin flips 102 no I'm
feeling tired right now I need to wake
up wake up okay my turn my turn oh oh oh
oh wait okay I'm awake shake boys what's
up guys oh they all just flat me drag it
you know no stop
yeah why do you want to hit me so bad no
stop get away get away
No so today's mission is to create a
homemade flamethrower why homemade and
flamethrower generally two words that
don't go together what's today B and
that's fine can we also screw the leaf
flowe input wha-hoo
now we're just and then let's get a good
I don't know how to girl
what do you call it a high-pressure hose
oh and hollow washer I don't know I
don't know man but we're gonna try and
make a homemade flamethrower we got some
supplies for it and it should be pretty
interesting check it out so we got a
squirt gun Gorilla Tape
acetone Anthony and some propane and
last but not least we got a easy way we
don't need that I just wanted to show
off my cool shoes so I mean that seems
legit like I mean they're really not
much more you need yeah like people
technicians firefighters safety people
goggles flame retardant suits gloves
other than that it's fun but it's okay
because ah so the plan is to tape this
thingy majiggy to the side of the squirt
gun like so and then turn on the propane
let me figure out how to do that turn it
on and then shoot the acetone out of the
squirt gun please create a flamethrower
which will hit the flame coming from
there and then propel itself which will
propel itself up to 238 feet that's a
flame thrower
what is it chances that the plane goes
back in zero high very high cage being
optimistic we're probably going to die
kids don't try this at home I mean if
you want to try it at home at school but
I did I didn't die only it's only
alright more you squirt less was it
suckled acetone acetone the more oxygen
will be in the tank to them that means
there's more room for the flame to come
back in and then when it jananam will
exploit so safer if we fill up the whole
thing yeah we shoot a bow of petrol
acetone is not going to explode because
there's no there's no op Ganim in gas
yeah same thing right at petrol no
different than gas this is anything
healthy air pee oh you know what let's
just do it yes
ah acetone had a reaction of historical
well we learned that lesson bottle to
television beginning that's why we're
doing it yo this is literally so much
stuff everything don't like it the back
of it leaked so we gotta be careful back
then we're just going to shoot it with
the acetone and not the flame dry run oh
man it's going to be good always in it
like leaks out the front gonna catch my
hand on fire honestly I need it I would
mix that's what my job is going to work
good now the fools your line fire well
the lagoon is seeing arguably worse okay
alright Jake polish it's everyday bro
actually don't try this one at home it's
really sketchy like it subscribe buy
them no okay let's just do it
oh my god here we go plug it up hook it
on lock it
yeah oh oh my god it worked
that was lit good it actually worked out
well Wow I can't believe it it guys how
do we not join yeah Billy went so well
we should just keep shooting come on
again our gonna get everyone get to get
in position whoa
all this length
Oh God that's when it gets dangerous I
think we're done no I'm not one word
yeah yeah yeah we're done a second time
not needed
so we're cat we're bored we conquered
the flamethrower was too easy we might
as well put this flammable liquid in the
pool and light it on fire because it's a
lagoon it's a swamp and Ohio and this
might clean the pool like a yeah
anything at this point would help
eradicate something yeah
yes sir that's fine right yeah we've got
a possible
I like the freshest part okay all right
light it for a drive it's hot out it
didn't go into a pool where's the
thing boys shootout ah I didn't so
Martinez twins it's been a while guys
since we've just sat down and had a
conversation how you guys been and we've
been what's wrong what's wrong what's
wrong
yeah cool yeah yes have you guys found
any American girls yeah no no oh that's
weird
are you verified on Instagram yet that's
my wife that's the reason yeah
very excite girls yeah yeah that you
know that's probably your problem there
you can work through that you can work
through that is there anything else that
the Jake Pollard's should know about
I mean updates can I can I help you with
anything you know muskiness twins used
to be okay okay I mean you guys are
going viral though that's good Bulls
great catching up with you guys oh I see
you have that my March oh yeah that's
cool for you concealing that it will be
filled
yeah can you say something in Spanish to
any Spanish people out there or kiddo
mucho Jake bowlers okay lo Ali's mucho
mucho para nosotros people achieve
community care did he say something
about me last night
yeah I guess I know if he said yeah
I'm fine okay just have a seat over here
book oh nothing just um no just catching
up with everyone not anything new we're
gonna shop the other day I was cool got
some new clothes you have anything to
say to the Jake Paulus how's your head
yet yes masking that oh I got some ass
on the door yesterday yeah prints a
little bit I know my job you know all
those muscles over there like yeah
jawline goals yeah yeah it's appreciate
the big hall or school when you get into
em - um put up your calls into dealers
you did as well for me yep I did that
blog you know just waiting here back and
those finances in order
yeah okay you can leave now come on
trouble no you're gonna nose the
churches leaves yeah no detentions nope
what's up Oh howdy done are you enjoying
your time here in Los Angeles pretty
good okay all right yeah yeah uh no uh
no no we're just talking we're just
talking yeah just talking how's the
intent pretty lit laughter dope you guys
want to be on it yes yeah interesting
interesting
yeah that's great big bun very big goal
there's a big goal ah shoot for the
stars can help you up everything you
want to say that Jake ballers we love
you guys chanting Evan I know I know you
guys are awesome yeah I like how you
guys picked up on us being on the vlogs
and stuff and like commenting like okay
a lot to work I've just may throw I
wanted to say
I guess that's it thank you for being my
best friends yeah thanks for being best
friends together money kid what's up bro
a kangaroo man okay anything else shrimp
on the barbie Barry okay Barry
okay yep get upper house no pan get out
Jake's dollar so if you don't know this
already my brother's birthday is
tomorrow
yes that's April Fool's Day which is you
guys are watching it right now so wish
him a happy birthday
ah but his birthday is on April Fool's
Day that is not a joke it's super ironic
for like what we do what I was like yo
what do I want to get this guy and then
my good friend happens to be in LA you
know we always buy each other big things
last time it was a limo you guys
probably know who he is
I'm gonna FaceTime him right now we're
figuring out what we want to buy Logan
and I think I found the perfect thing to
buy him so let's try and figure it out
yo nothing with somebody no okay want to
see this
it's got like areas for like a squad and
like people to chill in and it's like a
convertible firetruck I got that right
I'm gonna hit him up and maybe go and
get it tonight I'm down well that's the
thing I think we show up at his door
he's gonna freak out and then
everything's all good yeah okay I'm
gonna figure out this truck situation
I'll just text you okay all right bye
yes okay so I'm gonna try and buy my
brother this fire truck with Roman
Atwood for his birthday this thing is
massive look at it oh my look at this
thing
wolf
yeah we should do it right guys dopey
dopey do it we should get it tonight and
like have fun with it tonight
hey Dave my name is Jake Paul I'm
calling about the Craigslist listing
that you have for the 1960 firetruck oh
no worries okay come on Dave all right
guys I have to go to some more TV
meetings right now we're trying to
figure out what we're gonna do for my
brother's birthday
we really want to get him something
crazy so we're gonna try and figure it
out I'll be right back three days in
whoa just got back from the meeting
today went well and basically guys while
all that was going on I figured out what
I want to do tomorrow for my brother and
you guys are going to absolutely love it
I need to start planning it out right
now I'm going to call him right now and
make sure that he doesn't plan anything
for tomorrow morning he's gonna freak
out yo what's up nothing what's up with
you how was your hike like that again on
this picture
Walmart donating no way that's lit so
tomorrow morning like I got you a gift
I want to vlog it fella like around my
10:30 I'm probably gonna come over to
your place John then and give it to you
that day I mean we could like hang out
or whatever and do something for your
birthday I don't know if you have
anything planned all right cool all
right bye all right first of all Logan
has no idea I don't even want to tell
you guys what it is because like it's
really intense even they don't know what
it is really want to know but I'm gonna
tell you guys right now and then I
wanted to get your reaction on camera
afterwards okay
so my brother is expecting something
from me and I was like okay I'm going to
try I might get a fire truck might get
them like whatever but not all that
stuff like fell through I was like we're
gonna do what could I do what could I do
and I know this guy with
and I'm going to get like a and put it
over the and make it seem like I bought
my brothers no no I did to you
I think he's gonna freak out yeah yeah I
remember when you started there on team
ten that look times like a million you
can be so fit
Jake Pollard's I'm excited for this one
I don't really feel good might go to the
gym right now gonna try and get some
rest and I will see you guys tomorrow
for my brother's birthday because it's
everyday Jake Pollard's what pop and
check out this new March
oh that merch is hot boy new items of
merchandise limited time click the link
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake vol 2
which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 shirt see you
guys tomorrow
peace
