we got an injury on the field what
happened oh yeah Jeff what is that all
right so this is a meditated mint or no
that I didn't medicated mint palm and we
what Yad and we bought landed on for so
guess what buddy I hope you like mint
and a little bit of hair actually sorry
that's okay you don't think yeah yeah
you like a good but ain't it I don't
know why we were going like we were
playing one of the odds off camera oh
wow that's really bad it's not even like
raspberry oh no I read that Loki don't
eat it all
good morning Jake pies I love you I
would go - not be easy not always an
easy dough let's have a good day
welcome to my blog it's crazy every day
I'm Jake waters and you penthouse let's
go this light though I'm doing a bear
boy oh look at you swallowed this is
like the new mint wallet Oh what are the
odds that you eat
innocents flowers Wow one flower one
whole flower
yes stem - yeah they're good luck yeah
one two three three ah
I'm not doing in oh my god I guess spit
it out you little girl that literally
gave me like a watch a real man do it
Chad's got it no no more think about
bigger bites don't swallow don't slob
you have see the funny bug
no stop it work on his mouth is purple
oh oh it's purple yo guys it's like
10:00 a.m. we need to calm down
we need to calm down we need to calm
down guys everyone calm down power
really suck that really did suck hold on
the word about that like I said it's
gonna a.m. what's going on yo Jake
ballers it's Emmy all right boys they
can ask sorry they missed our David
who's David you might ask well he's my
realtor and he watches the vlog sorry
David good morning test on your NJ
obviously good yeah did not work wait
what just chillin uh yeah no we are so
dumb and savage it right taking this
office chair down there yeah
you're grinding this
good morning Martinez morning Jake what
are you doing today it's fun there's so
much going on right now I don't know how
to capture it rich a lot and I'm
overwhelmed and Jake callers I'm doing
my best I'm a blogger I'm a blogger
gonna blog it here we go okay we're done
oh my god back up
you got it I think you don't got it you
got it he doesn't got it there's no way
he's got it you got it you got it
this is so intense he's going from the
top this is like wow okay chase your God
when are you doing it with a real board
yeah he's smarter this way all right
cool yeah go for it
yeah sorry David
all right you got it oh wow this is a
lot get you oh my god oh my god oh my
god
sorry David how stretchy this is sorry
David sorry David
okay so Chad just told chance Jensen was
running down the stairs like where is
everyone and Chad's like they all went
out to eat let's call it a chance just
want like booking off so I don't know
it's pretty funny this chance bass I
mean here's a quick little chance that
we all left hander answer anyway he went
running you ready
so chance where are you going
he fell the boys are back to me team ten
house montage let's do what everyone's
doing let's see what la is looking like
right now
all right so we got some Jake Pollard's
in the house say what's up guys so we're
having a discussion basically the
discussion came to who's better Logan or
Jake sorry Logan I don't know how to do
it how to do it though there's some big
ballers here that want to meet you
something hi come on thank you cute yeah
I don't know why but yeah oh yeah so
cute so cute so cute no one in here
get the team ton sign in it real angles
here oh man this is squad photo take
colors I love you so much coach so we
have a million Legos take a look at that
and there's a challenge where you're
supposed to run across Legos because
when you step on Legos it hurts like
crazy it's like a pain challenge and
we're like yo we should put these all
over the floor and run on them but then
we were like oh hi let's heat it up a
bit
literally and so we're like let's light
the Legos on fire while trying to walk
across them and that'll be better like
what could go wrong with that yeah
exactly so that's what we're about to do
you want to do it - oh yeah let's do it
Oh China
this is dumb right irony to say why for
this kind of are you mad Erica no yeah
yeah I just came in all sassy
no I was just talking a gate over there
to be a really good idea hire a missus
it said take out my trash that's how
much anybody want to be my intern Wow
four days ago now she's looking for
interns on the boy you guys think so be
good ideas when I open it up I what
house cleaning up would be a lot happier
yeah Humira only with dishes you know
see the master everyone yeah we are I
wonder if you think I remember washes
ashore for here's the reason why it's
like you've never seen me kill anybody
before because I haven't shot someone
you've never seen me clean a dish
because I have it used to dish that's
why oh thank you - alligator is the
plastic melting oh yeah the plastics
melting this is definitely not we can't
do this
oh wow that's dumb we can't do that
inside of our house that's when we're
trying to test this and it clearly
didn't work definitely can't do this
it's going in the house now you sure
know how to put it out a five well that
smells really good we might have to come
up with an alternative solution actually
found a way to make them hot again so
we're gonna make them hot we're all
barefoot we're gonna run across it like
already hurts like oh oh that's like
that's people we gotta heat it up
already we tested this know ready
almost done heating it last segment last
night without eating it that is not fun
at all I don't really want to do that oh
yeah you thinking what I'm thinking
I'm not thinking what you're thinking
you want to step it up a notch you'll
get we'll put what was I going to say
who what where what we're can test it on
our shoulders and then walk across it
add some weight oh man down Erica get
over here
that's all good where's something oh my
god
take me I saw
first so bad it's not even their vlog
because their soul it's a few on the fun
why's that
that's why I love them Joe I've
Australian feet in this hood alright
Julian feet different than normal
we got a ninja and deal happen Wow
run oh hi oh oh oh yeah don't hurt my
boy hold the camera Kate Kate hold the
camera baby what what are that go okay
gang what I'm talking about
this is no higher you ain't never gonna
kill me you ain't never gonna kill me
Katie oh she's done it's not that bad ya
know you actually took it home you know
Michigan he'll never know until he
watches the vlog what what's up we just
had a house better than Michigan done
what Joyce clearly if you guys don't
know Ohio and Michigan is like one of
the biggest rivalry in football clearly
he's hot he's won Michigan in himself
Tom now clearly abiding easy all right
best date what uh yeah
how did instead out it's a he said a
high as the best just is we're just
fifty-fifty but just this is not in Ohio
is better state it's just a 50/50 we're
agreeing to disagree okay so if you
shake here just yeah go ahead and shake
oh no no
what numbers come on number run what
happened
but hang on I was looking through the
door and he okay I think he's actually
hurt well that was like such a hard hit
to the dome no I think I don't think AHA
they know how to take that well Midwest
people take on Midway well just needs to
be however it's done Rome at a peak of
the United Way Hollywood some we're all
friends yeah just we're all from one
part of United State called California
are you whatever on Queen glass yeah
Australia's bleeding you said yet
Australian people we're tough tough
ticket no BA yo you didn't get a
confession that was a hard ha no I hope
you okay yes sorry not really a hot ah
we'll see how you're doing native you're
not ago Erica you're not ago you're not
ago what's the dope dude she think she's
a go I'm lit go the create list of all
time this is our game Jake oh so I took
off my tripod thingy to vlog this last
part it looks like this and I can't find
it Kady know where it is I took it all I
was messing with or about upstairs
let's look look oh yeah I think I'm not
gonna find in this house no no no no no
no cupboards cupboards prop door prop
draw nope no what Teela Teela done hello
how are you I'm good at UH we're just
come from Oh what oh okay yeah I mean
we're friends and all but you just are
in the closet
yeah there's actually very spacious is
comfortable how long have you been in
there look at our now okay
well have you seen my like it's like a
tripod thing Wow damn Gina claw okay um
well kela always great to see you I you
should text me next time
Oh fine I like it up here okay well then
guess I'll see you later bye-bye Tila Oh
got my job back that looks crazy brother
he's just decided to take a break I
guess oh we're not let happen break cane
you're watching this Scott oh my god
what is happening guys the vlog is all
over the place right now I can't
comprehend I'll be right back
the Jena photos
guys yo yeah what's up how are you
Rockland block hammer yeah I know that's
what I heard happen we gave it to him
consider this you have everything in
your hands and someone I don't even know
who put it right here in this bow
yeah it's Bell okay with a brand new
camera guys okay let's stay positive
zero I just whipped here and you know
we're going to take some dope photos
okay look at this lighting right now who
saw that wheelie though my GoPro about
but it I went up and I don't know if
it's like all right through this fire
look at this fire fake you're not Lucas
tamarcus fake guys if you want to see
these pictures they're going to be on my
Instagram at Jake Paul I'm going to be
liking some of your guys pictures so go
there now
ah
Jake Pollard's west pop and check out
this new March whoo that merch is hot
boy new items of merchandise limited
time put the link make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow
