here come the kiddos you're gonna have a
new husband so there's only so everybody
has to be in the white except for two in
this front seat good morning that was
weak whoa hey yo what's up guys how
y'all doing today doing pretty good
thanks for asking
good morning pastors and good morning
Jake
callers watch coochie and if you're
watching this you just became a part of
today's journey
we are currently on our way out of Aspen
Colorado right now guys what in the same
week it was my 21st birthday proud but
yo I have a funny story to tell it's one
of many crazy stories that happened this
past week but what I need you guys to do
is remember this rail remember this
entrance remember that rail so the other
day in the vlog oh oh is right I tell
everyone to come off the plane like
under the stairs and do something don't
get roll the clips killed in the game as
you saw and then it's Chad's turn to get
off the plane okay super awkward okay we
need the bottle for sure but anyways
guys then there was Chad's turned and
now roll the dice roll the clip roll the
clip Chad goes sliding down the rail
okay no it's fine like it's a rail you
guys remember the oil so rail brakes
okay so just the rail right no no this
is a private jet it's a $20,000
oh my god Stalin the car no no no I find
guys they're just one of the crazy
stories that happen this whole entire
week and when you were part of the most
dysfunctional family team ten uh crazy
stuff happens all the time back dude see
look crazy and once again y'all just
became a part of today's crazy adventure
if you're new here I'm Jake Paul you
guys are the Jake callers and this 15:10
hey that is the squad team 10 the dopest
team that there is broke hey Nathan this
is you're finally back in Los Angeles
which means that my birth week is over
guys no don't clap Erica I want to go
back guys I don't want it to be over
excuse me sir could you please turn the
car around
I put me hot right now okay I'm making
an exit don't try this at home
okay basalis take well you work dude
whoa we're back in Aspen no no we're
back home in Calabasas you see how warm
it is and yeah it was my birthday my
birthday week is over so everybody never
forget the amazing memories that we had
our goal going into the trip was to make
it the dopest 21st birthday and I think
we did just that from getting to of my
dream watches
I got to AP's No
No
- snowmobiling
getting a razor and another dirt bike
a giant snowman yeah to spending time
with family about to turn 21
the list goes on and on guys overall I
was just blessed
however baby you know what this means
we're back at the g10 house put your bar
belts on guys right now put your blog
belts on come on and get ready to become
a part of the most of their YouTube
channel not the RZA on the platform
because since we're back you know what
that means they probably don't know what
it means Nathan yeah I probably don't
should we show ya okay this is what it
means number one we got the merch store
back baby
I got my baby back number three the team
ten man oh and number four I got my cars
back to the garage do it yeah yeah well
we're messing up the garage door Ted
yeah oh okay well the well my cars the
Lambo is gone still in the shop we got
we got a reef though you see the reef
that's cool the ED fluence car is
actually gone it kind of just got blood
shark number five Sydney's bad guys yo
did you miss us
you obviously missed us yo Sydney I have
one request for you today is that cool
okay see this light saber phone that I
have it's a light saber haul on Nathan
backup I'm gonna turn it into a light
saber schedule yeah it's a light saber
if you could it's completely broken and
I've been using it all week if if you
could help me fix that that'd be dope
Sydney coming in clutch number six
pranking chance and Anthony when they're
not expecting it in their rooms
I really missed that dude yeah me too
Jake you do this 10 Aspen anyways oh my
god no I would have ranked them when I
met the team no yesterday roll the clip
maybe I do always prank them that looks
like gross
know what no you're not down not down
number seven
yep that's right Armani is still here at
the chief 10th house he's never leaving
look at this bro it's all the way up
it's a giant platform with the Jaypee
logo glass engraved on the Sahara yo
let's test it out I'm sleeping I'm
sleeping up waking up waking up and I
couldn't forget about the erica merch
blanket that she got me guys I'm loved
you ever saw this but there was another
vlog and this merch blanket is so dope
it's yourself supportive enjoy watching
the game absolutely a fact the room is
far from done but I felt like every day
when you wake up the first thing you
needed to see was that it is everyday oh
my god Mason when you wake up like it is
every day well actually is every day
like that's an absolute fact as well
show them the couch imported from Italy
couch that I told you all you're going
to see Nathan are you filming it I am
but it is an Italian like couch to match
the size we wanted to go with the car
theme in the rim and it is it is made in
Italy the same place that they get the
leather from for Lamborghini and there's
only one in the whole world
no just one quick question I don't feel
like you're gonna use this can I just
destroy all of that maybe I can run
through it I've done that before now you
want to run through this wall and put
something else there yeah sure oh by the
way there's a by the way there's a big
house and so I'll just so you know guys
whenever there's a by the way in your
life it's gonna be a great thing did you
have a big house sometimes I lose my
crew in the house here's the deal and
it's a big
wait for it what did you do it's Batman
intercom yeah so I hacked your system
and created an icon so that you could
like call for anybody do they assemble
they didn't assemble number eight Oh
hallo and Athena what Jake Pollard's
this is happening right now y'all know
Apollo and Athena Anthony nice cute
little dogs
Erica's bringing her dog over later and
I think I think apology God I need a dog
but yo we have to go get Apollo and
Athena from training school bro no don't
show him the game room bro I'll show him
for one second go but Apollo Athena have
been a training school for like four
weeks now they're done with their change
school so we all pick them up though if
they're gonna freak out again yeah
they're gonna freak out again II might
yeah yeah I think there are now
somewhere they don't do anything to
watch no they miss you guys yeah you
notice if he notices
I love this you ready to go home no
they're so ready to come back to the
team it's been too long
whoa take the dog walker yeah how you
doing yeah I'm starting to get emotional
I go play well he's really lousy yeah
yeah come on you need to relax that's my
daughter here no guys we still have to
have Apollo make the decision on whether
he wants Athena or Erica's dog via two
L's Leto finally Erica gets here after
two hours she's really bougie and has to
do makeup and get her on that rain and
bang her die and look at look at this
boo genus bro
your little dog has a diamond collar oh
my gosh she deserves it what do you mean
she deserves it she deserves it she's
four years old she's five months old
that's what I meant
don't even tell me I'm losing your booty
I'm not bougie America this morning I
lay the word first class you guys are in
code we need quesadillas I'm Asian
hahaha roll the clip
I'm shutting your room yet fine roll the
clip your booty roll the clip then I'm
not bougie why it's going great
oh my god for my quesadilla Cheers
I'll actually have the sandwich instead
private jet life how's coach back there
ain't gonna be about you the first-class
lounge has case of Dilla's you know what
they say bros before hos not bougie
that's not mu gee that's just private
jet lifestyle introduce your dog to
Apollo and Athena for the first time
they haven't met yet and Apollo is going
to decide who he wants his wife to be
family stuff makes me happy okay let's
go here comes the kiddos you're gonna
have a new husband it's gonna be Jerrica
and what is she's a little bit too small
for Apollo oh my gosh
you'll kiss your wife it's sister wives
- nobody like each other I feel like
they're all just best friends they like
each other don't worry just washing the
piss off the hands good thing this watch
is waterproof though what what Paula
likes both of them look it look at both
look at the circle of mingle look at
this circle of mingle look at my hand
look at my hand look at my watch look at
my watch huh look at the hands look at
the mingle in the watch look at the
handler to the dogs look at me look at
you look at you look at Nathan look at
Nathan know we need to have an ultimate
decision Oh hold your dogs when I jump
Apollo whoever he goes to his new wife
ready 3 2 you need to get yourself on
tinder right now honey
yeah and then it all just like comes to
a halt and then it's just like we're
making out - much in the game fans right
now go bags less Jake Paul becomes a
youtuber today go to edmunds.com
and I will teach you guys how to vlog
how to become social media famous you
already know the drill cuz
make sure you smile today and I will see
y'all tomorrow because it's every day
Wow grace
holder's it isn't all new season of
merge guys this super fans go backslash
Jake Paul get it while you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive marg exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
