so I wake up this morning and these are
you in on this dozen these two decide to
fill my whole entire car with these play
ball thingies and now I can't drive
anywhere because nice to drive my truck
but I can't go fast I want to go fast I
want to go so it's pretty lit do it it's
like a ball pit
you woke up this one to think we were
pranking your brother but no we are
pranking my brother still guys but look
at this this is absolutely insane
there's so many balls how long did this
take you guys good amount of time we had
on bags so many of these little yeah
they're all I can do you don't want to
start prank wars because no one in team
can safe including Newell bro this is
the problem when your friends start
youtube and they're just as savage as
you god I should have done it I
shouldn't have helped you make your
account I shouldn't have done it
oh but cake Calder's we have an amazing
video plan for you today I'm going over
to my brother's house we are going to
duct tape his entire room he filled our
pool with slime and it completely ruined
the pool what are you doing bro we have
to get it drained it's going to cost a
lot of money so prank wars got to get
him back we're gonna duct-tape
everything in his room he's going to be
super pissed he's at the gym right now
we have to like sneak into his apartment
somehow I don't know how we'll figure it
out when we get there but Jake Pollard's
good morning I hope you guys are having
an amazing day don't forget to smile
don't forget to keep on killing it and
don't forget to dab you don't have to
dab if you don't want to but let's do
that
so we just got to the store and there's
so much stuff that guys will just start
loading it and no he's gonna be to get
his log and destroyed your pool we're
gonna add some gorilla ones
oh okay yeah guys I'll have a dance
party yeah yeah but that we can make it
to the hill sleeping pills do what I
love good day today one other would take
time and a patiently waited no sounds
like a play cut one day you Oh am I in
that phone I'm I in that phone I'm going
to try and get out for you guys there's
so many people here right now no that's
going to work attention everybody
attention everybody I am Octavia Merkel
is rule please like it subscribe you can
be really fit in so sorry
love you guys oh they are nothing
bye
okay I I'm gonna get it get it get it
you got it you got it bro well so
highlight skill up thanks for helping
right boom bro maverick maverick with
either cage oh he did okay to do hate
you matter
Logan sells the gym I'm texting arm like
yo oh yeah we got a chance to answer the
intestine a low heat until the gym I'm
texting them like y'all want to vlog
with you in a second what how long until
you're back yeah sorry guy goes longer
than expected
Thank You Levi wall yo Omar Raquel just
texted you Thank You Logan oh good we're
done a penis hole in my room oh you need
tests he's moving out like a couple days
on the Left again Logan what is this
we're going to duct-tape your cage
closed you can never get out
Logan left his computer open so just
have to team and okay okay and Oh Scott
thanks Logan all right let's do this
prank
nothing is safe we are taping all of the
individual objects in his room Logan is
about to be so pissed we have like an
hour if you got to hurry guys we got our
if yo that Logan wasn't in back yeah
yeah and sorry Logan no more bathrooms
no more time
just taping his pace everything is
subject even tape nobody Hey
Oh Jay could you hang Logan's calendar
back on the wall form oh yeah in case
you lose a track of the month looks
great right there it is March hey guys
I'm shaping out oh wait actually were
you actually done yeah I go too much
tape for you yeah it's a fresh can I use
a tape out tap out
yeah there you go yep buy something it
is all guys we are almost done
blowing just texted me and said he's on
his way home which means we only have
like 20 minutes left after her you guys
Christa hurt still got to do the bed
let's go go so let's go and we ought to
get maverick screw you vedric he just
texted me she was walking up here which
means you don't have time to do this
screw you maverick you gotta wear specs
on next next time is about to be up in
this apartment
you
so we're doing nothing I'm gonna hang
out bro break Wars not hang out mark
honestly you guys don't hang out I'm
pretty sure you guys have some feet too
now I love my t-shirt a lot mark pretty
sure you guys have some beef no I love
mark
am I gonna kill you in about 30 seconds
okay yeah yeah yeah you are
oh yeah yeah it's not that big with you
so I put slime Interpol I destroyed your
pool and your downstairs which can only
lead me to believe you either ain't done
something to my bird who I love and is
my brand
put some ass back here or or you did
something to my room what did you do
we'll just why are you doing oh you know
let it go Jack okay all right you got
spit on the camera I'm not looking
how do you know I did you don't just
walk up stairs like this yeah I mean
what Adam are we don't know I don't need
to go get a shower and I am I don't need
to go to my room for the shower they say
I got a shaman is I only shower - the
rest of my buddies dirty
um all right II know I'm putting my
wings out pearl here we go home I wake
up I just hit the gym bro my sister's
gonna 200 engine back up
he honestly didn't let us in no scaled
the wall no I don't know he was here
have you seen what they did alrighty
yeah check your calendar I can see
they're moving up oh no we almost
duct-tape them if you didn't come home
earlier oh you will be able sly you kill
them bro Wow eyebrow I'll see you later
let's go be playing my screen and I'm
not that's it hey you didn't clean our
pool Jake but this is like I'm some
next-level read from yeah yeah hey let's
try to get five million meters we gotta
go though wait if you're just gonna 5
million views yeah I guess now's a good
time to close my you to know me on
Instagram magic ball deep down let's go
dude all right here yes you got shoes by
login
no dog there's a dog okay that's pretty
successful yeah I'm gonna eat the Jake
polish we'll be right there
ah oh sorry guys we just made it back
home
Logan is super super pissed perfect that
literally took us like two hours we were
dying in there but it looks so good it
turned out so awesome total what lo he's
gonna do and like it's on this TV and
stuff I don't feel bad though because
like you'll ruin you ruined our pool
whoo oh so an eye for an eye morning
Chad hey yo Erica who got you these
flowers I can't tell you what was it you
guys yo the J haulers are shipping you
and Anthony you guys you ship it uh-huh
I ship it hard okay laughs off to $20
let me get these come on now another Jam
five my flowers I got them here I love
I'm gonna bring her goat how about that
bro
little heart rates on it Erica loves
goats so ever since you hit 100k though
you switched up like this morning you're
at 99 K and then like at noon you had
100k and like you're just actually
different so what's the deal am i right
guys I'm about to be at 70 so the truth
about me acting different is I don't
know how to sign it so I'm actually I'm
actually becoming a go like the surgery
just started so
all right so I'm about to go on the
stand livestream no I love you so much
take koalas in the back yeah that's
right clean it up oh my god you guys
think you're funny
till you have to clean it up yeah oh
okay Jake Pollard's look how beautiful
Los Angeles's
hey Amanda hey what's up are you doing
in my house
um nothing I just decided to come in
here what are you doing how much I'm
moving out soon why is that I may have
gotten told that I can't live here
you got evicted you got evicted just
like my brother oh you guys are bad
people we didn't do anything weird film
in a little funny video I'm sure I'm
sure
yeah I brought my friends I brought my
friends too there's a lot of friends
Jake this not one why best brought them
I thought I'd be fine you know I'm at
the party now I'm just going to throw a
massive party in my apartment to
celebrate my leaving all Jake followers
please come to Amanda's when is this one
you know you're gonna miss it for this
couple over the next day I um
oh sorry so you want to film like an
Instagram skit or something cool like
yeah what is this one gonna be
I'm already evicted so we can do
whatever you want yeah okay calm down
that's like it's good actually yeah huh
payback this is odd
Jake Paul from Disney Channel Oh words I
am ended bed right now just just ask I
cool upcoming alright you shouldn't
remember what Amanda Cerny a cheap-ass
clickbait thumbnail haha oh one day
Amanda we're still like getting married
right yeah that it wasn't very confident
of an answer I was just saying cuz like
once you you know get married yeah yo
we're buying a house right now we're
trying to know like team 10 these
Rascals but what if I can get you at
Amanda fall on Instagram what
I can get you at Jakes Arnie I'm down
want to change my last name if that
means they're getting married
I mean and the funny thing is the funny
thing is I'm not joking but we gonna
have range yo I'm gonna get you the
fattest ring Amanda let me treat you
right here's the answer to that question
I would like text your mom this is our
vlogs no because the mic is directional
so I have to be at be on the side of it
the Jake polish is like the cameras ever
not pointed at me this is what it looks
like this is how I look right now
but I know exactly where it's aimed and
then I feel like I can zoom I can see
there any a Jake's 10 years you know who
ships us comment if you ship us what
we're saying oh ring so here's what I
would do I would text like your mom or
something I would text Stephanie over
here you'd probably be the only person
that we know but I figure out like what
kind of ring you want or like on one of
our first dates just like ask you and
always imagine what know what's today's
because what would you get me as my
question this decides whether or not we
get married I love my mom and she's like
the best mom ever
and her ring is like awesome it's like
all Diamond Dow is like a nice oh and
out mom's is not wobbling on earrings or
something it's not about what the ring
is it's about what it means
no it's about our age just your love is
good enough Amanda oh geez I being
serious I think she thinks I'm joking
I'm not joking it's real I'm not joking
she has really great characteristics all
around like whatever quickly screwed you
there again but this time go ah like the
commercial what too young to do the
commercial nah yo back yo
ah
you held my hand for a really long time
no no no it's not like we have to turn
the camera over there is 2017 no I'm
saying love Wiggins want to make sure
that you're on that side
all right Jake Pollard's Amanda I will
see you later I'm Annie Amanda Cerny is
we're getting married guys after you'll
get married good to go do the paperwork
right now we also have to go to the gym
and Jake Paulus we will see you tomorrow
because it every day bro please just
watch the ball she didn't do it with us
come on the matter what are you doing
bro what everything changes now okay bye
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on a daily basis and you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake vol 2 which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
peace
