but I said I had a girl on the back of
my motorcycle that sounds a lot cooler
well really let's drive Anthony we make
me breakfast make me others I'll be I'll
tag you yeah really yeah I'll put the
pop tag thing there right there oh
that's how you get anyone to do anything
for you it's really easy
what's up bro how are you good
sorry yo good morning dude what's poppin
don't what's up hey how are you doing
you guys excited about the date the
other day yeah so cool but the J
Pollard's want to know like what
happened after the video I think what
happened they were like yeah yeah yo you
are here for GM DJ Paul they finish
smash we just went to cinema oh that's
that's really lame bro my know them oh
no oh come on bro oh yeah yeah yeah I
mean I guess that's fine I guess the
time
oh thanks Anthony who's Joe that's
awesome
now can you like clean my room in my
truck it's dirty for mr. that I'll put a
tag no my boys are out that's our seat
you got that thirsty let's just me and
you now we're gonna do you can be honest
with me like what happened shouldn't any
but just me you know cameras what
happened what you said a little bit
louder
that's uh we weren't talking about you
we know we know no we know right yeah we
know
Oh we're digging oh I'm so confused my
brain my brain so I'm still kind of
confused you guys just went to the
cinema or what yeah okay hi one good
you're very confusing whoa good morning
Jake Paolo if you are new here
I'm Jake Paul this is the team tent
house we got a dirt bike in here that's
pretty cool I like that it is lit every
single day bro I hope you guys are
having a wonderful day make sure to
smile make sure to work hard and make
sure to keep on giving something give
him something give him something give
Nick damn it oh good I put you on the
spot he killed it yesterday's video was
so intense look at this camera equipment
guys like it is just completely
destroyed there's dust everywhere watch
this watch look look at the dust on that
oh my gosh everything is just completely
destroyed we go hard yo we go hard come
on again for Jake what what was that
conversation you were having outside I
just heard a log into the house did like
order like the groundskeepers for the
house next door he goes yeah I work next
door and in what is taste like what is
this place some type of recreation area
and I was like it's like a content
creation place and like we make videos
oh because I hear like my mom and I got
like stuck on the roof ha ha ha yeah you
do hear that is that that is that you
are seeing those things search direct
next door so he like got to hear all
everything oh my god
I'll see you guys later it was good to
have you as a part of our family for a
couple of days thank you for putting up
with our with our madness
have fun in German you guys thanks so
much and you know you need to keep on
texting Erica and Tessa yeah you can
Facemash they won't know unless they
watch this we gotta all right okay what
are you doing today
so Morgan eyes on the camera here long
overdue it looks like trash like okay
alright guys so this is give me a before
and I will give you an after update of
the camera here but yeah it's kind of
like all a mess right now you got a kid
I'll be back okay guys so finally I want
to introduce the new members of Team 10
guys thank you all i god they're so cute
Katie K come look at them bro
look at it they deserve a really yeah Oh
Holly seemed like that yeah I probably
seem like now know everyone that you're
going to keep on working on your YouTube
channel today like in Iowa
what's up guys thank you thank you for
bringing over your babies today yeah you
want to go on a dirt bike is that what
you said oh okay
all right come on this July third place
single that you want to do a wheelie
yeah get on it Oh two of them Oh double
oh wow I got a full dirt bike here oh
she got their hands on the handlebar how
do we look do we look cute will they
like you they look cute oh yeah they're
like started up I mean it might be kind
of dangerous yeah it's loud so this is
safe well it's a little loud you might
want to plug your ears
oh but I said I had a girl on the back
of my motorcycle that sounds a lot
cooler but really well let's ride
now we're just play we just played
remember that number that did she poop
her pants uh yeah you're changing her
diaper I poop my pants - Oh amazing
driver yeah
mini Jake Pollard's they're gonna watch
this vlog one day future Tatum and
Oakley was poppin yo you sure everyone
their new merchandise yo I totally
forgot about this I like specifically
made merchandise for these little babies
to wear and they're gonna look so cute
in it oh my god oh that's awful so I
made merchandise for these little babies
to where they're gonna look so cute and
it yours is what it looks like
are you guys excited for that nope nope
you're excited to wear that merch yeah
these babies are about to look so fly in
that merchandise
no I already look flying - whatever bro
think about bugs there's a thing called
cuteness aggression I'm telling you
right now if your kids aren't so cute -
you then you actually want to eat them
why definitely like their size and their
cheese okay take the vlog hey what's up
guys I'm a queen baby and I'm Joe - this
is my sister hi and today okay my sister
is in the camera without Jake ballers
today we're going to be doing some fun
things make sure that I can subscribe
and don't forget to buy my match you're
eating too much sister you need to go on
a run
oh please don't away so weird you know
their baby spit is all over the camera
in it I'm sorry about that Jake ballers
there we go
I feel like we should try like I don't
know if anyone's ever done this with you
guys and your babies over there I feel
like we should try and make like the
cutest montage ever like Q is overload
what were you think you just got to go
for it
in the
yeah what's wrong chance I'm cute too
Mike you that was a lot less cute oh
thank you no no this is the type of
stuff that just happens bro bye baby
sigh Kyler I'm gonna steal her baby this
just in apparently Erica and Tessa got
chased by a guy with a knife like for
real
some guys took Tessa's iPhone I don't
know the whole entire story but I'm
texting Tessa I almost had to go there
but the cops came cool guns I'm the guy
the first thing this is bad the first
thing I sex Tessa
and say is did you vlog it the first
thing she responds with is dust
I'm just glad they're okay we'll see
when they get home what happened guys
the vlog is all over the place right now
Logan hid maverick stalks all around my
yard all around my house I'm just
cooking it so they're going in the
lagoon which Logan has to clean anyways
so Logan somebody cleaned his own socks
out of the lagoon hate you Logan
hey alright let's check in on Kate and
his yo-yo how's the organization going I
was just fixing some old lights we had
laying around okay
okay yo are you alive unexpected
literally takes we were like yo it's my
phone cuz we founded by my iPhone he
pulls out his knives and goes like this
he's like taking for a second he was
like anyway Boop and we're like oh crap
like he's got a knife like I didn't walk
away puddle sleep five police comes to
warming at him with their gun no no we
but saga tomorrow no but how did you how
did he get your iPhone okay this will
happen I was walking to the grocery my
new phone and then I just helped to I
shoes it was hurting and I said yeah I
forgot about it we walked back a minute
later not even a minute he was like 30
seconds and it was gone so then we did
find my iPhone we chasing through the
program I see Roberto I'm so happy as in
die we called unit come to rescue us I
was vlogging I didn't even see your call
and then I got your text I was it oh my
god dead we have to scoot up like five
guys to help us they're like oh you can
go use someone's phone over there and
like do anything you know me
no look it's fine three hours they go
what's up guys just got back from a
really important meeting and it went
through and now we're back at the team
ten headquarters came what's your status
bro you're done you know you're
organizing a little less glorious the
previous anticipated oh it's functional
it's still good we have all of our audio
equipment here loud mics external mics
we have camera accessories ie camera
straps memory cards you have tripods on
top more tripods over here I mean
compared to before it's a lot better
GoPro accessories may look messy fully
functional full did you in coffee or you
go there cuz you've been the vlog yet
today hat guy was gonna say good morning
Wow good morning plug your glasses a few
moments later yo I literally think
everyone left guys guys yo yo no one is
here oh my god our house is destroyed
that's also one thing that I just
realized I walk you through this but I'm
literally home alone this only happens
like every month
so here's it to do when you're alone in
the team ten house
this
you
okay hopefully Oakland come back soon
please please please guys guys come back
boo user back you got that brought here
alone for how long 10 minutes are you
okay good you know hug hey you guys want
to go to the gym yeah yeah okay let's do
it guys Jake Pollard's we're gonna go to
the gym I have an audition to work on
and I will see you guys tomorrow because
it's every day bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
shirt see you guys tomorrow
