oh yeah you want to take ballers I hope
you have a great day we're gonna have a
great day
let's go
guys just watch me so late out here we
got the West were in the middle of the
desert we drove all the way out here
city Roxanne yeah okay I'll ask you
there first thank you buddy let's do
some dope stuff cut
it is
in
Oh
bro you gotta yeah he doesn't got this
in the gear this is the class Oh crowd
Oh God that's a break is it blood break
this is a back break slower yeah a lot
of coffee sauce
I saw that coming
I really did and I thought it we're done
you know can we at least get a fake
photo for Instagram no all right we have
to make it look like he's actually
riding it that's right I'm gonna push
you okay get some speed up yeah how to
fake Instagram pictures like you know
how to ride you got at gen3 is China
ride a motorcycle you can't do it Chad
I'm too good so you're just hanging off
the side of this yeah you have a harness
on your chest in there that's what you
have to do for the shop I'm gonna be
probably like hey maybe even way out
there yo oh my god that's my boy tone
you
thank you
things accomplished a committed type is
that he was just going to go around this
ailment come back we need to go up the
trail right there
along with the drama she's been gone
probably coming in here like 20 minutes
I think you product after country up we
didn't fill up the gas like cuz he did
say he was going to try and get a dope
picture and go high up there maybe you
pulled a James Franco with a James
Franco where you get stuck into the
rocky o4 I lost the girl I think we
should go look at this boy right now
he's for real I'm sorry low yeah yeah
yeah they're so far away I need to call
the job all the job Oh so lost Jake he
may or may not be out of gas not too
sure right now
yeah take polish I ran out of gas
they're watching me on the jump yeah
there's no gas I hear the joke no I
don't have yeah come here
oh I'm waving at you oh ah
bottom with the job bro girl I really
want the job oh no way I were gonna have
to drive a wild road you like with so
far he's like waving his hands in the
air bro like that
oh it's plenty of the got a yeah this
kid didn't even fill up the gas can
before he went on a trip commission
rescue Jake alright
at least he's got like a nice Sun get
some tan going on so I'm down to leave
him Kade you got me to bathroom y'all I
got I got I got him
yeah I got him for sure Gatling Gilligan
you're fun oh you see yeah he's right
there he just he's waving his hands to
the Jenna shirt off his bike on the
ground well hey if Ali's out of gas do
you like money the guys think that oh oh
who is it then
yeah that's at relief oh my god damn
yeah I'm that much yeah
oh listen right here happy that's him
hey ah yeah jakey
oh my god Rescue Squad jakey
oh yeah Eddie we got it I was like bro
we lost you in the sights we saw your
point out your desk and did you ride
again yeah I was like try to point at it
dude oh man took us a minute we like it
was so heavy I dropped it it's like no
I'm glad we got your back baby that's
your own saved my life
I mean it took you like ten minutes
should have left you yeah I know your
YouTube after shake my head they're so
lucky you have a guess if there's your
own wasn't there I would be pushing
Jake's Tacoma always coming in
frontpoint
look at that would fill her up boys are
you're literally in the middle of
nowhere I know
clickbait I almost died in the desert is
not not clickbait me kind of I think we
should just never bring up and always
ignore the fact that five athletes
forgot to fill this up with gas all day
Wow yes sir yes sir decision you know
what really happen twice in my life now
I'm at the yeah guys this was so much
fun back to the team sent out so jump
guru that gets the team ten house guys
it has been a long day I'm gonna wrap up
the vlog here we're super tire J cause I
will see you guys tomorrow because it's
every day bro furnish make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
