you allow the fire oh no oh my god
harddrive total trash for all what
happened okay Oh equipment you don't
dawn but boy just do it like that with a
row it's okay bro
well that was just a three Ohioans ah
good morning Jake polish glasses how are
you guys I hope you have a great day
we're killing it smile for cards and
stay positive let's do right back
come here yo just ready to comes to you
and I just hated it
that would be houses most haunted Paris
there's so many people here right now yo
coming I need your help I need to figure
out what we're gonna do today what do
you want to do today oh you figure on
thank you I don't know what you're
thinking about you read to what I don't
like going you think they're like
bowling
yeah driving a dirt bike through the
house hitting bowling pins just think
about it like it's bro
she buys their bike let me go on
Craigslist you know clean up with you
I'm gonna go uh so apparently I'm buying
a dirt bike now if I can find a dirt
bike right now I'm down to go buy it
right like blue like spontaneous it's
gotta be like lit oh that one's lit I
think I got it call it I'm calling a
column we're all in on ball beautifully
be professional hey I'm calling about
the Yamaha that is on Craigslist I'm
think I'm interested in buying I just
have been like looking around and the
price point is like my only like
sticking point but I'd love to like come
look at it today if possible
what time were you free it's about an
hour drive from where I am I could
probably be there around like two ish if
we did Kashuk what could you go down to
me and I just drop this 255 my budgets
like five so I really want to make that
work but I can't really go above that
price is definitely the max I can go for
the bike when I got it I bought it and I
thought I was going to ride it more I
can find you let me think about it I'll
call you back
cool yeah just hit me back man all right
peace yep check out this bike you know
I'm about to be yapping in that thing
cuz Tristan Tristan the guy with the
dirt bike wants me to buy it so I'm
gonna go buy it Romeo flippin by this
dirt bike right now
yo it's an hour-and-a-half drive and
then madness is going to happen I'm
gonna drive the dirt bike in here I'm
gonna be doing let's go don't wait too
many guys if you way too many guys
attention everyone attention everyone
the team ten is on the move and we are
going to buy a dirt bike ah let's go go
all the same
no always out of my home yeah on the
ground late every night why are they
going
they dig polish I look good that's
pretty sitting with you guys his name's
Ryan cool
Ryan and coal I need to take it for a
test shot before I get it right I like
it
Jay Paul what do you think you can
actually get it it's official oh now the
only problem is figuring out how to get
it on my truck how many athletes does it
take to load a flippin dirt bike up into
a truck okay one two three six guys
seems legit
thank you baby
Oh see go easy yeah move this here Oh
money money
oh my god
you
what's up guys I got a nuclear fight
hi guys my predictions copter here
within an hour and a half
so this bro
you're so flat so as one how the
wheelies look no I just had to get a
little bit warmed up kids all titles oh
we have no place arises the content on a
daily basis Yoji close it is so gnarly
I'm not gonna go any harder than that
without a helmet on don't do wheelies at
home I've been doing it for a while like
I said definitely illegal but it's fine
should we go here we go scaring like the
answer I'm gonna be like so bows or you
could just say you've been this last
video so much yeah yo what's up J hey
Julian nice to meet you bro
this is a Jay Paul and say what's poppin
oh oh oh okay what's up anything like
that in a secret find out of youtube
channel you can't find out here sorry
about it yo what's up oh I'm Jake who is
I smash my boy I asked him who's guy who
am i boys haven't played by here play by
your husband
there we go new paper indoor flesh
nigga are you mad at me are you mad at
me you see man that I was driving that
in here you still love me man he's mad
we got an Erica air in the house it
smells like gas in here do they do that
in Germany riding with a bike in now
yeah probably not my impression of
Germans is that they're all doing crazy
stuff so you never know all right what's
poppin what's your name hey I'm dirty
steal Jodi steal your you do like body
art and like makeup and stuff so you get
my basically do whatever you want and
like make something dope and then keep
her go
can you put Jake haulers on my forehead
and make it like really cool you know I
want the a jig haulers like all over my
forehead wait wait so you did the
martini cinema yeah all right well okay
so Jodi did this did this makeup for you
yeah she's about what Jake Paula's on my
head no no all right so Jake's outside
small talk right now he wants to get the
Jake Pollard's tattooed on the forehead
right now we got other plans I'll pray
today so Jake wants Jake Palmer's
pentagons forehead right but what I need
you to do low gang right up there like
okay like super flamboyant that's out
there popping yeah right Logan Jake told
us to tell you that okay
that works for you I see thank you no
he's gonna be so mad gonna be hilarious
Vicky thank you she's ready come on bro
yo she's been ready know the Jake
Pollard's needs you bro go it don't look
so fly where we doing this food you
outside let's go talk to Jake qualities
which ones for you ah dedication Jake
callers on the forehead can be like
colorful and everything - yeah does this
wash off easily
no no I'm tomorrow the log on already
coming together now the cops are really
going to take balls gonna be excited
dude
I said I have a big enough for head to
fit J polish yeah I've got a 5x5 this is
dedication to a fanbase I think you
should just get this real tatted yeah
how many likes does it have to get
pretty good tattoo
1 million in Jake will get Jake polish
tattooed on his right leg agree yeah
would I be able to do a photo shoot with
this yes well we get some dope channel
art with it it's everyday bra without I
caught your chin
oh yeah I look good yo what happens if I
put my hair over will go there did I you
should go check it out in the mirror
oh my god yo Jodi you know what's
happening they said you love your
brother
no they're sorry sorry oh my god Jake
call it anything off I need to get this
off you should pray come in town that
they're on teens head and I know they're
new members I'm not well it's like where
you sleeping tonight not here
big boys are better they pawns are
better get a lot it come on make a
kaboom thanks dad
what are you gonna do to get about how
much either team done thing one guys
that was good we got some big news
letters no this is serious
yes be clever to come up with YouTube
ideas and stuff get to be clever to be
on Team 10 so I think you guys are
officially a part of team 10 you know I
realize all right no dad and I made the
decision
you yeah you see I've ever ever so happy
she's dead
I'm sorry guys that was kind of mean one
day one day one day one is no tricks we
should interview Julian and tug tug Ian
I don't how to say their names Julian
and tell us from Jeremy it's hard to say
the name we should interview them and
make sure they're fit to take Erica and
tack on a date Oh 100 percent of doing
I'll get my favorite snack you guys uh
you're gonna have a seat over here sit
down over here
well just want to start off by saying
thank you guys for coming to the team
sent out here from Germany how's the
flight school what was good for the
colonel okay just making you nervous
load any girls on the fly to the gallon
I'll put this back here for now sexy
drive up here yeah not the work life it
actually works for the nice kid the nice
kid they wrote a poem and everything for
air oh that is there one actually Julian
cook Toby on wheels
- Yong Yong Yong - yawns I think it
should start with this I have an
application here today our dollars
daughters
we love Erica and Tesla very much fill
it out on your own time
please but you will have to get this to
us with minutes just a couple of hundred
ages yeah you like reading but the
questions are a little complex so just
have a couple of questions for you
beyond that those couple of pieces of
paper if you had girlfriends before yeah
I don't end what happened yet what
happened how many like 12 24 19 year old
and what happened to them one of them
like screwed me yes with one eye both of
mine it was at your fault
now it wasn't what if you take Arizona
that's out on the case tomorrow what
time roughly would you have them back
that's what we have to do huh hey guys
three to five
where you intend on taking them in the
river river like them LA River yeah ah
we can go to spin around denim ah that's
that yeah that's really good
do you guys have any job are you guys
coming employed yeah yeah I don't really
that's a job I think it's just wasting
my time
no what I'm setting these watches oh you
still watch it yeah that's good yeah
everything's that where did you get to
watch you put yourself bills down bill
go and get a little shine on the film
you guys looking to marys yeah I think
I'm will both maybe thing I look up
there oh that's better
I just one more just one more question I
just think it's important to know that
like we don't mind goes back in jail
so keep that in mind yeah and also there
will be no sneaking out no no no there
will be there will be your open manner
open the door for them please and thank
you we love them dearly
pull off the chair yeah but not leave
the bar through the end of the night
this thing is our morning loss you guys
are good-looking kids and you know
things are going well yeah yeah things
are going well you won't do you trust
mash it yeah why not after that one
I think you're ready oh yeah
congratulations congratulations oh yeah
awesome guys big balls I really think
that they passed the test it's just in
case one of them gets out of him yeah
great oh yeah so proud of God yeah I'm
Chris pom-pom all-around great okay no
we're good dad we did that but you still
put it out but yeah still fill that out
but it's great Jake Pollard's I guess
we'll see you guys tomorrow for the date
they are they must be really relieved um
I know I am very relieved that I don't
think there is good hands out there but
we will see you tomorrow because it's
every day bro please make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
shirkers
see you guys tomorrow peace
