take ballers what's up it's everyday bro
case your gauntlet this is the dumbest
thing we've ever done huh you are
followers get in the car I'm putting
Instagram tags and everyone's chest
today do me do me which one of us versus
closer I'm seriously if you want
followers get the game get in yeah
thank you for the phasers like well my
favorite part about this is gonna be
chasing Nick with these lovely stolen
Martinez get in here bro come on come on
he's your gauntlet good morning Nick how
are you more than it morning he's gonna
die he's gonna back oh my gosh you can
come for me
how does he ask that oh my god get him
from the back
get on the back oh he is old one out oh
my boy just pulled one out of nowhere he
was ready for that
Hey yeah I'm sorry bro I'm just glad
that after last time I'll just keep this
and you literally just keep that with
you at all times also a nice shirt bro
oh thank you we're gonna put all these
and hang them from the ceiling and
create a gauntlet for people to run
through hi please explain without sense
of every single part of it I'll give you
500 dollars to run through it five
thousand and I'll think about it they're
gonna be like this there ya go y'all
okay so we're starting construction of
this omelet is this insane it's pretty
gnarly already make sure you can get
kind of the feel here so just imagine
you're running through and it goes like
with 50 like this
that's why food YUM okay so it's coming
along this is so dumb yo like there's no
one's making it through this okay oh
that's fine the whole thing like the
Selma day sunny what the death of rain
so when that every quick walk through
look at this oh my gosh this is so dumb
you niggas outside of you oh yeah we're
gonna say you would do it bro and even
tell us that you got tased by police
before you got you literally got police
tased by op so that's why you're here
yeah yeah what what just like it was one
of those ones that shoot out and go in T
skin and you just tell I look like went
stick I'm like this is on camera
anywhere oh I'd pay four million dollars
for this I just I was ready whenever I
catch myself yo it hurts so bad I feel
like someone's getting hurt bad yeah
yeah like you can sit on your own
insight they grab it if you touch both
of these yeah yeah it went through my
heart
yeah Chad are you skateboarding it yeah
but why am i yeah it's really dumb are
you gonna do it no okay one second
Yvonne look look look I'm a daddy's boy
I do
sandy stuff yeah the merch that you have
coming out so savage on it bro yeah all
righty
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen
or sixteen fifteen all fifteen I'll give
you a speed through
there's no way you're going through this
be like how are you supposed to decide
you know we're all there anyway why are
you putting hurry up um no because it's
the teens and Merchants I gotta plug it
now yeah yeah mommy are cute mark that
way I can plug the excuses to put on
sweatshirts to let the tasers don't hit
your bare skin you okay come here come
here
what you're not gonna die no we're on
the run we were there oh my god it's so
real
all right we're playing rock paper
scissors to see who goes first ready
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
oh okay you plot you to play the loser I
feel first Rock Paper Scissors shoot yes
we go first Tony good luck I'm ready
all right class Tommy we have to like
duct tape them and turn these on right
now so they're all like stay on this is
so dumb all right we're turning all the
tasers on go go then one else priming
module walking through here but naughty
we're going yo yo no danger go let's
take ballers what's up it's everyday bro
case your gauntlet this is the dumbest
thing we've ever done
we're about to run through this let's go
they're all going you ready no I'm not
ready you're not ready at all
he missed like a fumble yeah you got a
Jake let's do this Jake Pollard's taser
gauntlet here we go Oh skill is so dumb
are you got again yeah yeah you guys got
it
this is so dumb
Laser gauntlet the sound of this is
going to be in all of our nightmares
like it sounds like death oh yeah hey
that's sitting alright hit on the hill
no one's safe well
that was bitch yo I forgot something in
your room
Oh gonna be this forever are you just
going to go for it I have to go get it
right now yeah one will sneak up on you
bro don't you hold it in your no bro
ah this is actually so much fun and it's
like painful enough to be like oh but
it's not like deadly vital to the cream
can walk through am I going first yeah
yeah what I'm gonna go wild or go why I
like my hands gonna shock a minute all
righty watching me that was the worst
right here
enter crazy just me ten she sent some
savage people though represent y'all
look at this look at that oh look at
that four three two one this is the desk
West
Oh Oh
it's all fun and games until you get a
sign each quarter guys field that was
ridiculous listen I don't know why would
do such crazy stuff I feel like we
should do normal stuff more no yeah you
got it no yeah you guys want to jump on
the trampoline we should do something
normal I'm going all right yeah that's
probably normal
Kenneth boring yeah what are you
something fun yeah yeah yeah I sit up
yeah all right let's go
that
yo Emilia the makeup people Isis I know
yeah we are
don't call us crazy adapt to our culture
he just doing experiments over here Bill
Nye the Science Guy bro that's so sick
oh my yeah you guys didn't like that LLL
kill Martina yeah oh oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah so still no oh hey yes I told
you guys not to come to my house
apparently you guys don't listen I say
not to come to my house now everyone be
I show up great the police plan your
room because we're filming a video
phaser mix-up oh I'm in a bad spot now
don't do it
no what we're not gonna miss
oh-oh-oh
I'm going to destroy you oh come on
Tessa go on what you got girl let's go
lettuce is not you also that meat catsup
huh okay baby
Anthony let me get you back on never
mess with the man's car
hi your ribs bro Wow nothing like a good
iced coffee to flee down y'all
it's real my friend just has it Justin
she do you know what I find just said
that Justin Bieber's on the street yeah
awesome I'm going to try and tease them
I remember it Sgt Robert no blah I can
just look like I'm walking down the
street never a positive a positive
manner no no Erica actually here um a
friend told me okay I find da manh√£
Justin Irizarry red
oh yeah I don't I want to page them feed
really here I'm tipping them on the
let's consider gold mine Louise my
friend I see I see I see
here just like you three are you judging
yo if he's actually here I don't want to
like act like we're shooting a wall yeah
he's walking this way yep he's under to
action in one huh yeah down below I
wanna see if I can tease him he's
actually here he's actually here just to
be really crazy
no minutes now we can't look like a Karl
no Ted technic come back all fairness as
a bodyguard comes for you yeah Ohio
point Oh seriously yeah I'm actually
gonna try and pay him anything
yeah I'm told that I'm gonna try and he
already part usually there's too many of
us is to me hey I think you won like and
subscribe let me love you you did trying
to attain Jim was like a guy like try to
protect him you know if I go there
himself together
yeah the wings on his neck or you got
stupid no I know he judge me London of
my name no no he's taller than that
that's what was that and I don't think
it wasn't like that
and why did you just shot at is an
imposter he would have five security
guards with him there is no way he'd
walk by himself why would someone text
me instead he's on a street because it
looks like him he's won a purpose shirt
like your loser bro why are you acting
like criminality Justin is a God in an
angel and that was not a god or an angel
ah okay yeah yo guys I had something to
tell you what it wasn't you no one
definitely they're hot that's my friend
this time friend stayed was in on it too
got him no go Joe
Nick Jill Weber big fan you know all my
friends thought it was real but it
success was ugly that was lit how are
you doing they can't - I'm a
professional like tribute artist buddy
like shows because Justin love you
brother
they all thought it was real you thought
it was really I thought it was real I
said show me okay you thought it was
real - you just walk around like this
all day no just just sometimes only
reason why I knew it wasn't real because
I've been like skateboarding in the
streets and Justin gates and he would
come up right like girl escape they
would yeah and you didn't come up I was
like I don't he's not in this country
Jay Paul is that is it for today's vlog
today for convocation shout-out goes to
Daisy canter Daisy thank you so much for
having my post notifications turned on
guys if you want to post notifications
shout out all you have to do is turn on
my post notifications and comment when
you are done we've got some awesome
stuff coming up for you for the rest of
the week Erica intense are going on the
date so on and so forth so make sure you
guys are subscribed and I will see you
tomorrow because it's every day bro
please
that's the Saturday this Saturday guys
subscribe be ready for it
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul -
but you guys can subscribe to right now
and if you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team ten Church see you guys
tomorrow
