we need to talk about brother Logan
everyone's asked me to talk about what I
think about the Logan situation and what
happened you know super dizzy right now
but like I said good morning guys if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
aren't they Jake Pollard's and y'all
just came along for today's journey put
your plug belts on guys because so much
has happened we need to talk about my
brother guys Janssen Anthony prank me I
prank chest Anthony we boom a giant
snowball we're still in Aspen Jake I
said we're leaving allow me to explain
guys like I said there's a lot so get
ready for me to narrate
today's story for you guys if you're new
you just became a part of today's
journey and you just became part of the
team 10 family rolling don't be drunk
in his squad hashtag team time bro
dysfunctional family that there is but
guys you saw in yesterday's video that I
said we were leaving Aspen however we
got a little bit of a weather update
guys okay guys oh my gosh these are not
looking good guys it looks like we're
gonna be snowed in what's the update
it's snow until 8 p.m. tomorrow yeah it
looks like it's an adult snowed a
miracle it's Aspen miracle all make up
the second half a miracle vanish the
second astok miracle mm-hmm you know
what that means we had snow hey guys
take a nod con hold the seat hold the
scene hey guys I just wanna let y'all
know we're kind of doing a vlog over
here no way anyways
guys shut that's my job
let's get the snow Anthony thank you
you're a spending miracles you have to
eat snow hmm I know you're a vegan and
all but this is water thank you now back
to you future Jacob
so we woke up in the morning guys and uh
we actually realized that we were
stranded here in a snow in my first week
thing we could do is get things poppin
off cuz but before that of course Erica
and I got into a little bit of an
argument here's why guys were kind of in
an argument right now another one
another one right now she looks so
beautiful and I told her I was gonna be
mad at her if she put on makeup and
she's like no I took it the wrong way
no I dunno I'm just saying I'm breaking
out no you're not you look beautiful you
don't need to do your hair where is she
trying to look good for besides me
Yeah right so if I were to do a makeup
showers the goats the go they already
think you look good so don't wear makeup
he's just thinking about it getting mad
stop thinking about it
it's okay anyways are you gonna wear
makeup no thank you
beautiful
sweatpants it don't make up and stuff do
you'd like you can believe in me there
and then of course she doesn't believe
in me and that this happened I cannot
believe it why I told her not to do her
makeover I need to put makeup on you
straighten your hair just listen to me
for once I'm cute no Jake your fridge
that guys are one of the things uh turn
up a notch so he came up with the dough
guys we are currently out here and like
ten degree weather it's snowing like
crazy and we are about to build all
right very very let's go so the plan is
to go from up there and come down and
hit this jump what do you guys think
will be write to you at the jump and so
we started building and building and
building and building the building and
then we got tired of building so we
started sleeping wake up wake up keep
building keep building but then we
finish building high it was that time I
don't know but it was time to send it
roll the clip joke time party people yo
Katie ready this is what you do on an
adult Snowdown yeah
oh he was this high
he got so high that we couldn't film it
take - that's a lie right there kid okay
guys okay it can't be the only one to
send it so chance is going and it's also
a second day snowboarding ever
predictions what do you think is gonna
happen gents okay you've heard of here
from chance he's gonna crush it dude but
guys I know exactly what it's going to
happen he is going to eat bad you got it
bro don't let anybody tell you you're
gonna crash you can't tell how big this
jump is guys but it's massive like that
is four feet I guess it's just gonna be
and Anthony from now on you got it you
got it you got it you bail bro our knee
is back with the new snowboard which he
says will improve the way in which he
jump you got it
that
you gotta do it now
you can't end it like that bro okay we
gonna replay on that I really think the
third time's the charm here Oh God
you got it bro he was just getting
warmed up yeah
oh that was Dover I didn't know how you
did that go it was gnarly
I'm under their hip right now and
Wolfgang haha gnarly but yo everyone's
ready we came inside and we're bored
like I said snowed in and we came up
with a dolt game idea huh well
destructive game idea rolling we got the
second try right here two strikes to do
need three till you idea oh that one was
way off well you see what I'm saying
guys so then I was so bored that I I
decided to take a nap and chanson
Anthony came into my bedroom and dumped
a pile of snow on me and they've logged
it huh so funny but the worst part about
it bro is that they didn't even have
their microphone on like what are they
thinking does anyways here's what
happened without the audio
so funny Jen snappy he'll love you guys
yeah love you but I couldn't just take
it out guys I had to get revenge I
accept I think mine is more sandwich you
know okay okay
they're sitting on Tony's bad but Mike
Enzi and Erica are still in the room oh
snap they're coming back in the room
they come back in the room yeah yeah
they come back in the room
let's go hey we took a fat W there you
already know but guys it's time to
address our that and I can't talk
elephant in the room the title and
thumbnail the reason why you may be
watching this video we need to talk
about brother Logan
everyone's asked me to talk about what I
think about the Logan situation and what
happened I wanted to let the situation
like have some time to breathe I know
Logan was going through a lot and
everyone was talking about it and it
didn't feel right to like comment on it
right away but as his brother and as
someone who knows Logan the best I do
feel it's necessary to say something
about it or given my perspective about
it I think what Logan did was very very
very wrong Indian he made a huge a
mistake and not only is he paying for it
but he is learning from it and I think
that in no way shape or form is suicide
a joke or should it should be made fun
of in any way shape or form or or any
behavioral mental issue in general I
could just m'q it's right what he did at
all and I know Logan more than probably
anybody else and I do know though that
he did not mean to offend anyone and I
could I could tell when he's like in
shock and and he didn't handle the
situation in the right way but I know in
the back of his head he didn't mean to
offend her or hurt anybody or or create
such a big frustration and he is
honestly truly truly sorry and I also
know how strong of a human being he is
and so to see him like that it was like
it was sad to me but
but I think guys like for the low gang
and forever all of his supporters and
stuff I also know that since he is that
strong person he is going to again learn
from his mistakes which he has and and
and be able to bounce back and I know
you guys are going to support him along
the way just like just like I am and
he's my brother and I love him and
brothers always always have to have each
other's backs and Logan if you're
watching this I love you bro so I will
leave it at that guys thank y'all for
tuning in during the movement become
better every day smile every day work
hard every day and I will see you guys
tomorrow because it's everyday bro peace
