good job man Kentucky number three baby
my world record holder
what is poppin Jake haulers you guys are
awesome remember today is gonna be
awesome day for you guys work hard
smile set goals for yourself and
accomplish them I'm Jake Paul this is
the team ten house and today we have
some crazy stuff going on for you guys
let's check it out so right now the
squad is setting up the trampoline
inside of our house this was the one
that was this was on the helicopter
legendary trampolines I'd say this is
gonna go on a museum one day definitely
gonna be a museum we're gonna shut it
down oh don't have like the ropes and
then people go into rooms like Jay Paul
you slip like here oh that's smart the
trampoline right here and it'll be just
like this the Martinez turns in this
corner Martinez wins in the corner and
ah yo hello there Kyle Williams guinness
world record judge you hear that wait
Jake Pollard's did you hear that
guinness world record judge because
today we are flipping breaking World
Records I'm here with the bucket-list
boys they came to me like what was like
a month ago yeah and you're like yo
let's do a vlog where we break as many
World Records as we possibly can
I think our first pitch was actually uh
well as long as nut shot but you it's
actually gonna be broken during that one
that is gonna be broken today Chad's
gonna break it yeah you know basically
what we wanted to do is get as many
all-star people here that with you know
some talents so that we could break some
world records I can one-handed clap all
that wrong hand I'm gonna try and break
that one yo you guys are from Ohio right
do devil
five people from people from Ohio we got
to do some Ohio stuff right now yeah I
mean Ohio isn't like that at all but
kind of so we can get away with that all
right so my boy Kyle here is a Guinness
Book of World Records judge and you
basically go around and like help people
break World Records
oh I judge the world record got it go
all around the world I get to meet a lot
of great people and you're very
expensive oh look here's a dog I don't
know whose dog that is that your guys's
dog this is the new team ten dog have
you ever been in a house like this where
it's just like a bunch of chaos oh yes I
have been as you know chaos deal with it
all the time you know we got is very
efficient really the trampoline back
here I keep things very serious but at
the same time I know how to have fun and
I'm excited to see if these guys can
break some world records - that's my boy
Kyle we're gonna break some world
records boy we're gonna break some world
records hey Jake what what are you guys
doing you're going to tan yeah oh we're
you tanning that oh so you need to go up
you need to use the roof yeah no meaning
hi David that's our realtor he watches
my vlogs and then yells oh I didn't say
you could yeah
how you doing Jessa cool I'm good yeah
if you need to use the roof you know go
for it thanks take oh is the trampoline
done I feel like this one's like ray to
bounty for the for indoors
so my boy Kyle I don't know where he is
but he had to fly out here to do this
very expensive for us to be able to do
this and break the records a lot of
money so yeah yeah that's better get a
lot of to use probably not one day yeah
yeah yeah
okay so how it works is you guys make
the certificate ahead of time and if we
break the record then you award us their
certificate yes we do we always brings
Tiffa ckets with us to make sure that we
have them in case the world record is
broken now with the nut shot we don't
have with the nut shot we don't have an
official world record as of yet so these
guys I think they're gonna break the
world record we so we automatically have
a world record already this is it we're
going for the world's longest nut shot
but we don't have it yet you gotta aim
well bro and I can't I think I'm gonna
go off the roof to you they're for all
the people who don't know what the
world's longest nut shot is you're about
to find out I'm the official thrower I
need to get warmed up
well vlog is not sure okay Chad you got
the boys ready the boys are ready
appreciate her watching Jake it's on the
roof that's gonna suck so bad this hurts
so bad we play yeah next up is longest
water balloon throw and cats we got
water balloons the current record is 39
meters we're gonna beat that this is our
markers here to down there let's go
thank you
marker all right guys I don't know if
you could see what skateboard to
skateboard we'll break the world record
anything behind it don't want to get to
Jake wall March wet so you know I've
gotta go shirtless to the ladies and
also cuz I love that March all right
water bloons skateboard is first marker
ready to throw all the way down second
skateboard mg4 the catch we're gonna try
and get it on the first take just take
one Kyle what do you think ruff you got
it Jake
definitely I mean after the nut shot
that can take I'm used to catching a
football Mike Odell Beckham writes the
hair
yeah but the blond tips Waterman throw
have a new world record 94 feet
we go to record sound touch people the
girls are on the route girls are tanning
on the roof
alright go watch it the girls are out
there know what we only have like guys
are stop darling wait we need these we
need these the house cuz most water
balloons caught and held in one minute
the current record is 29
you have to be 10 yards apart let's do
this Tony we got this on your mark set
go
Oh 1314
now we're just showing off oh no is that
it can join is that a record yeah
dusting Jake Anthony thirty four
balloons in one minute
two seconds most tennis balls lit on
fire thrown and caught in one minute
there's no world record so whatever we
get we're gonna break the rubber you
have one minute
ready set go
I mean I must say that was one of the
most interesting world records I've ever
seen seven flaming balls in one minute
congratulations yeah so we accidentally
did this and it looks sick so we're
gonna do it in slow motion see how it
looks right first-ever flaming nut shot
with the tennis ball completed dad you
ready let's do this
guys I gotta hand it to you another
world record
watermelon drop on to head and here we
go watermelon drop on to a head 3 2 1
good job man good job
number 3 baby I don't know easy will
record harder
yes you are sir congratulations
gentlemen
Eli right here just hit the world record
for the highest watermelon drop on to
head way no we have an extra watermelon
in case we missed so we might as well
put it into the lagoon all right ladies
and gentlemen we are now going for
another world record this one has never
been attempted before if most landed
water bottle flips in one minute
blank guy who said this hasn't been done
before so I'm a wall robotic foot expert
at markets
what's up everybody
I got Tesla Brooks here she is a dancer
are you a professional dancer - yeah
yeah she's technically a professor a
professional dancer so she's gonna break
the world record for most dabs in a
minute let's go
currently there is no record for the
most dabs in one minute so miss Tessa
will be making a new world record today
nice are you me on the backyard I'm
gonna be dancing there's me song let's
do this big breath most dabs in one
minute
ready set go 1 2 3
that's an arm workouts ten seconds last
that seconds exhausted how many was that
190 dabs completed in one minute a
hundred a night I did it was so much
sigh try to try to do good you're
motivating me we got you girl
I think people are gonna have a hard
time beating that woman yeah so much mom
I'll be proud of me I did it it's really
not a comic strip I love you Tessa
you know it would suck if I did it right
now with tile here and took that from
you buddy they take it on doing that I'm
not gonna do that but I could cuz you
were joking around with it for a little
bit so like if I just was serious and
like broke it I could take that from you
if you're getting try to beat me I'd
beat you back like not happening like
mmm okay so Tessa is going inside she's
so happy right now that you got this
plaque we're just gonna prank her and
have Kyle walk in there me like yo we
just filmed it with Jake we're gonna
need that plaque back he beat your
record and then you could just be like
oh I'm just kidding I I'm not an actor
but I'll do my best
oh really said though that's funny
you're just really doing her faces no I
feel really bad he gets upset it's on
you guys
no trouble thank you so much I didn't
actually beat your record it was a prank
it's a prank
I'm sorry prank course you know you know
you know like it subscribe okay Jake
callers we have one more record to break
and it's the biggest one yet and we need
your guys's help and the record is the
most amount of likes on a youtube video
ever what's the record for that
I believe it's 1.6 million by Justin
Bieber Jake Pollard's we are strong
enough of a fanbase just smash that out
of the park and on top of that I'm gonna
be picking one random person if we beat
that record out of the 1.6 million to
give $10,000 to so you could give that
to me if you guys liked the video you
could potentially win $10,000 there's
that like button right now guys every
single one of you counts don't be like
oh someone else is gonna do it guys if
this video gets 1.6 million views it
should get 1.6 million like stop what
you're doing right now scroll down and
hit that like button we can do this we
can break this with guys
you though we broke eight world records
today what's one more Oh take Palmer's
that is a challenge we got to do it and
today's post notifications shout-out
goes to bow when Ahmad Bhawan thank you
so much for having my post notifications
turned on guys if you want to post
notifications chatter all you have to do
is turn on my post notifications and
comment when you were done we broke some
more world records today that is on
these guys as channels go check it out
bucket list boys
I'll put their link in the description
and not test us Kyle thank you so much
for flying all the way out here to make
this possible we had so much fun I don't
know what else thank you very much it's
a pleasure to be here we tell the things
I've never seen before
time and let me tell you this was
absolutely incredible thank you my boy
and safe to say that it's lit here every
single day at the team tent house and I
will see you guys tomorrow because it's
everyday bra push break some records
boom make sure you're subscribed to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
poof
