each one of these like smaller balloons
is like 10 pounds so there's a little
bit of weight but nothing compared to
the weather balloons that we have which
hold 80 pounds but there's like Lily
crowd Forman mom I'm going to fly
morning row what God my god no I just go
to the most insane video ever have you
watched it yet I'm watching your wheel
oh you were watching it yeah sorry sorry
okay I'll stop I'll stop right now
okay okay I'm done I'm done okay no more
okay I promise okay I'm sorry
this is good good morning Jake Pollard's
I just posted like the most viral vlog
and I think we'll ever have on the
channel or you know at least one of the
videos that I like just truly love the
most so much time effort and energy was
put into it I love the outcome of it you
guys haven't seen it it's helicopter
trampoline
it's whooping ass oh so guys today's
vlog I was like you know that was such
an awesome blog like I can't even do
anything today because like that's just
such an awesome blog so I'm just like
today's vlog just gonna be me watching
yesterday's vlog so yeah I'm just
playing cook you know how we do it Jake
closets every day bro I'm on one hour of
sleep and that's going to make for some
interesting times today let's flip it
kill it
you know how is the video that's great
it was good right yeah did you like and
subscribe to okay good
whoa good morning Los Angeles go is that
a that a helicopter on a trampoline this
came out probably the only one
oh my god Oh
oh no just a bird okay cool dad joke dad
jokes one hour of sleep wake up Jake
wake up Jake wake up Jake okay I'm up
I'm up good morning Jake garage how are
you guys
we're cousins are you Jake I'm good um
okay okay guys I'm about to get ready
for the day all right guys
now that I'm ready what am i doing today
what are we doing today
so basically guys I don't know what I'm
doing
but I saw this movie up where they fly
away I was balloon and I was like yo I
could flip and do that yo I've been
doing some stuff lately broke so I can
do that
why not I mean it's easy come on just
get helium get balloon yeah there's some
get a lawn chair Google get a harness
don't get up the oldest euro the car so
the Rope stop the camera goes wrong get
a mic get some friends battery with it's
really simple it's really simple that's
all you need so I were like yo let's fly
in a lawn chair with balloons so
basically what had happened was we got
these giant helium tanks to fill up
these giant balloons that we have so we
had a giant helium takes but we also
have these giant balloon Jake this
doesn't look like a giant balloon you've
been mistaken my friend stretch it out
guys look at that like what that's the
balloon that's one second giant balloon
third giant balloon fourth fifth sixth
seventh eighth ninth tenth giant balloon
and we're gonna fling go to the moon in
my balloon yeah I'm on point today yeah
this could actually work I know that's
the plan yeah but why would we do
something if it wasn't gonna work I'm
literally gonna fly oh like you have no
idea but first need a little bit of
supplies so guys I am going to go to the
store get some more rope get some more
like I mean a lawn chair yeah that's
gonna chill here and like make breakfast
or something we make me some eggs I got
you know at the end of the movie he
actually dies it up
does he really yeah I know I didn't
watch to the end I just saw that part I
little just skip to that bar
no ya didn't he's like that well I'll
probably get a lot of these if I die me
you're a youtube password not like take
over from there so that's cool yeah cool
yeah I'll do that
lawn chair rope clip ties
attention all supper
attention all shoppers I am going to be
flying in the sky with helium balloons
later
I'm also here with my girlfriend I'm
here with my girl side and yeah so if
you need me just get the other and make
sure lightning strike anything today
jump jump jump do it
he looks like you wants to jump yeah who
miss me do you know where the balloons
oh where did they go
they left morning k so yeah Anthony my
dancing really yeah yeah I think they've
gone a little bit ago with London they
did have a box with them alright I'm
facetiming chance to see where they're
at
yeah where are you guys you're on the
balloon yo but here I have the helium
tanks though where are you what well
that stuff
if we take the balloon Peyton I realized
that it's going to be a lot safer for me
to just have the harness on me and not
do the lawn chair because the lawn
chairs really sketchy apparently now we
have to find them I'm going to text them
and find out their location but a few
minutes we should be ready to kill I so
I'm texting them and Tangela Joe Joseph
Lloyd goes Oh
weirdo the shoes so funny and I'm like
just but little do they know that
everyone on Team ten has this app called
zenlea
which allows you to like share your
location with other people like message
them and stuff but the location thing is
like constantly on so you can go onto it
and like see where your friends are so
we're all on a Zen Lee and I can see
right now where all of them are it we
hold this okay so this app it shows you
like their location literally like
they're just at this place I don't know
what it is look we can click on it and
then get directions that easily I was
just go do and do it right we just go
over there oh we could scare them
because they're not going to see is
coming they always forget that they have
zone there for my lambing them oh no oh
what's up bro yeah already in here come
on
my boy doesn't want Oh Nick your murse
game Oh your merch game Nick was this
you know I didn't do the hit throw you
and I do this are you gonna wear it go
everywhere yeah put it on please
yo Nick has his own merch he's blowing
up it should be your taser face yeah
don't this is amazing
post ready pose pose pose
how's the hi oh where have you been oh
okay alright guys seriously we have to
reenact the movie good job there we go
we have to reenact the movie up let's go
come on what are you doing
oh great everyone's coming now all right
well we have their location pulled up we
film thanks Kate you want me to hold any
more stuff while you're having me hold
stuff no that's all great
alright we're almost there Oh Yuki do go
straight across the street take a left
here we probably would have been able to
sneak up on them if they thought was a
my truck there's gonna radio into them
really be like oh shoot let's move just
fine it was a good plan until it wasn't
he's not funny we told you you guys want
to get in and do it together yeah no I
found you right how you guys forgot you
had been libro Oh find your friends app
I said we're not friends
we're like low-key stalkers whatever
that was surprisingly well so we're
putting on my harness right now and
we're just going to start to blow up the
balloons with helium and rope them on
eventually I'm going to fly I think the
biggest problem right now is dealing
with security of this place if there is
any I broke the pilot sorry guys
alright guys so all of the ropes are
rigged it's really sturdy this harness
is sturdy and now we're going to start
to inflate the balloon that's loud that
is really loud everyone's going to watch
us this is the only problem as if
everyone like starts to watch us and
then some like soccer mom calls the cops
on us how many white guys does it take
to fill up a balloon this one oh yeah
alright I'm going to turn this what was
I can of it yeah there we go that's good
that's good
I'm starting to think that this is
actually going to work after we put the
first balloon on my back people are
going to immediately know what we're
trying to do and that's when suspicions
will arise first one is done um yeah
like oh yeah alright
am I going okay just right there didn't
taste good in there okay three balloons
in we're starting to draw a crowd each
one of these like smaller balloons is
like 10 pounds so there's a little bit
of weight but nothing compared to the
weather balloons that we have which hold
80 pounds but there's like literally
crowds forming mom I'm going to fly four
balloons in we're going to let them up
now ready guys there how to help me you
guys have helped me yeah actually I feel
wait this is so dumb that's the moon's
gravity yet
first big one done we have four more Z's
you're kidding right
yeah how do you feel like how much
weight is with me I feel like I feel
like not that much like 80 pounds
lighter maybe I can do it all right is
it going to lift a little kick hold on
hold on ready hold on it alright lift us
yeah chorus close is close okay
Thibodeau hold it hold it
yeah all that was left in if you can
hold it sighing you're right three -
wait let's up slow let him flow that's
only like 40 pounds though I'm feeling
it now
yeah I'm gonna track the track trying to
match the rap I never gave it up when
they cause blacker gotta run the game
like imma run the back you gotta change
it up see waist up with that now do me
the mic you're not done I'm hoping in
April to long but I'm trying to make it
all around the world with the fans that
put me y'all you know we got it we got
it we go put it up it's like a young up
oh you know you could probably like a
thousand push-ups right Jake taller it's
starting to get heavy we have two more
balloons to go in like two hours of
filling up its everyday bro that's all
yo yo where were you guys I thought the
balloons had you guys it's not working
we've tried everything
don't like sixty pounds of force you
want to fly you wanna fly doggie others
put my harness on you you want to die
yo I'm really just I'm really
disappointed we've only failed twice I'm
doing things one of the traffic
trampoline and it's the second failure
we usually never fail with these stunts
eight for effort though that counts
right no it doesn't count let's go eat
the pain away and go to like a buffet
yeah I'll jump you wanna jump you you
don't want to kiss these hand son
plane goes down due to balloon local
youtuber Jake Paul goes to jail for life
it just sucks to get such a dope video
and then the hype and then fail the next
day yeah you know it's fine every great
success great value you have to learn
from those moments yeah we have to well
you're a Jewish failure right now guys
we really messed up Jake Paulie tomorrow
we got a special vlog for you guys and I
will see you tomorrow because it's every
day bro push make sure you're subscribe
to keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
