two words that should never go together
helicopter and trample
I'm Jake Paul after entrepreneur and
creator when I was young my dad told me
if you're not living on the edge you're
taking up too much space so since I was
a kid I tried to live on the edge going
outside of my comfort zone to reach new
heights and pushing myself to the limit
every day when I started to do that and
make it a habit every day you realize
there are no isn't weird that were like
in my closet filming this voiceover no
listen to the sound epic I love it
when I started to live unlimited I
accomplished so much more so I asked
myself what it was that I could do to
push myself farther than I had ever been
before
something so challenging in
breastfeeding something that should be
possible
something that would make a soccer mom
scream the following events occur seems
legit
stakeholders it is about to go down
we're 30 seconds away from this
happening we got the trampoline set up
we got lifeguards we got people over
here we got two helicopters and
basically what they're going to do is
fly up come over to here
pick up the trampoline while I'm on top
of it and I'm going to start jumping
this is incredibly dangerous there's so
much that have gone into this there's a
lifeguard out in the water there's stunt
crews there's so many people involved
there's flippin sheriff's and cops and
everything here to make sure that this
goes right and the only thing that's
holding us up right now is this seal
yo-yo we can't do this if you're here
bro we can't do it if you're here you
got to go bro you're canceling the
production she's so cute though he's so
cute oh my god anything to trampoline us
Americans are crazy oh my god
kiss delegates before dawn goodnight big
ballers it's everyday bro my boy Kade is
up in this chopper look at this I want
to get out of here let's look at y'all
Oh
we're having trouble
give it up long opening something was
wrong
ah
take ballers
oh it was so much it yo no idea I'm so
tired right now guys I've never done
something that crazy in my entire life
before ah so much fun and it's all
because of you guys I get to be able to
do this I want to thank everyone on Team
10 for helping with this and making it
possible and being here and supporting
me p10 I love you guys the family are
stronger than ever
and this couldn't have happened without
Sprint guys I partner with Sprint's to
do this because their motto is live
unlimited unlimited data and this is
truly the definition of living unlimited
guys so thank you so much for making
this happen
in the time we're living life is your
playground where rules are meant to be
grown where you can truly become whoever
you want we're kids from an internet can
make it on the Disney Channel
we're social media won an election where
anything is possible
don't let anyone stop you from chasing
your dreams be a go kid be ruthless and
live
