yeah go get the camera good morning Jake
Pollard's today is a huge huge day I'm
so nervous for tomorrow's video shoot
I've put so much time effort money
energy everything into this shoot and I
just want it to go perfect for you guys
so today is going to be a little bit of
planning for that and I'm also going to
pull a big prank on my brother Jake
ballers we are the flippin best family
on YouTube you guys are awesome make
sure you smile today keep on working
hard and then do that bang welcome
what is bro it's a big day you know
what's happening tomorrow we have to get
ready yo wake up I have to be ready he
was gonna watch but come on guys
no okay that's mine hey hey are you
ready for tomorrow are you scared
you you think I'm gonna die I think that
you might die maybe what are the legs
right mmm so healthy that's like basic
you guys ready for tomorrow yeah
hopefully you guys like I think all your
still oh okay yeah that's fine that's
yeah chances that I die tomorrow out of
yeah facing it bro I'm not I'm not a
doubter this is going to go there that's
what I'm saying yo I think I'm gonna
nail it I'm not super worried I think
it's just going to be epic it's all
about athletics ISM I'm an athlete cuz
lettuce ISM just you very far in life if
you're an athlete you do anything yeah
you're gonna die I got this cut chick
balls way out here last night I've
literally never been hit in the head
Harvard's and how I like it and I got
ran over by the car on a motorcycle like
I almost died yesterday guys oh yeah no
no it was a good hit I mean I'm proud of
him you should go - he should go - MLB
they should get signed deal I was
selling this house came out with the bat
I mean postulator yeah why you got
so we are here at the store right now
I'm picking up supplies for tomorrow's
video but also I'm pranking my brother
right now
gonna get icy hot and put it in his
underwear he's going to freak out
he put a thousand socks in my closet the
other day and I had to get him back so
let's do that dang I'm so massive
attention all shoppers attention all
shoppers tomorrow's video will be the
most lit thing that you will ever see
and also I'm putting I see on my
brother's underwear so I thank you for
liking and subscribing I will see you
tomorrow
ok come on oh there we go he's gonna
burn right when I did it it was terrible
but he's not gonna expect it to be
coming so he's not a freak out alright
guys so this is all lining up perfectly
we are about to go to Logan's house with
chance and Anthony and the excuse to get
into his house is that oh you guys
haven't or you haven't seen chance in a
while in a while oh yes welcome back so
I'm going to like be like oh yo like
let's hang out whatever and my brother's
at the gym right now so he has to take a
shower so we're gonna hang out there and
just like chill there until he's like
okay I'm gonna take a shower and then I
guess we'll kind of put it all on his
underwear yeah we'll put it in sokham
we'll put it in a bunch of his underwear
mom especially yeah his reaction to that
let's do it I'm calling Logan to let us
in he's not here yet it's still it's a
gym but we're going to get in and then
like wait for my planner or you know I
wear at your place we go in my threes
lock yeah you can get in usually a lot
alright I'll see you in a bit okay okay
alright bye
oh I thought it was open but he has no
idea what's coming oh yes we'll just
wait for him all right so uh
we watch us in love yeah I wish watch uh
we're gonna watch it
BRB okay just got to look it yeah he
just got home Logan what's that role
that here so how does it Paulo hey Jake
father
oh hey Jake Paulie yeah that was it dude
that's a dope painting broken grass how
long has it been since you've seen them
it's been since Christmas right yeah
that's why I wanted to bring you over
here to say hi yo the only two things
I've noticed they both got fatter and I
hate them equally the same yo for the
deck colors who don't know yo these kids
are poison bro these kids are poison
growing up with Jay pros this is the
worst combo ever bro I hate this so
you're gonna do this thing you're using
can we we do not ha ha ha ha let go yeah
yeah we get it
yo bro you're looking smaller kidding
what happened
yeah where's your energy under the gym
hasn't been paying off for my don't know
if he's going to give me a shower um
Tommy song what what what that's how to
maverick yeah
I hate Mavericks over yeah no no no
little way I hate this bird solo 32
straight up evil nobody like Mavericks
really mean just walk in no no not going
in it I hate that no put it away long
again I know I hear I'm just walking in
you like enjoy this girl no I don't I
hate it put them away
no way bro I already have a concussion
I'm not trying to get bit no chance
mother's go around with never table know
what ready go for the pickup don't
billet a cup side take them up you got
Wow
yeah yeah I'm going I'm going to shower
you know I'm going to do the beach in a
little bit you guys gonna come I need a
shower
so alright well let you shower at your
house oh yeah well you're such a jewel
look at what solution are you down oh my
god
again I have to be honest kill Robert I
promise bacon Dalia Thomas we all know
I'll give you a little bit give me a
little think you did a little pinky
thought don't don't mess them out well I
put maverick away please in there open
the door she laid out the house
oh I put on the front door
Oh
not so strong it's not like a best you
need that right yeah that's a number
thank you I don't even have this much on
and I was freaking out the other day my
finder
that's so minty
ah yay ah son of a aah
why am I still wearing these ah ah I
can't you thank you to forgive her ah
yeah go go go just a camera dude so no
no no job done right done
yeah I think that angry awesome
otherwise you are dead you took my
camera he almost got not even come here
let's go
it hurts dude not gonna lie it hurts
really bad you guys facetiming me but
there was no service
I'm a FaceTime I'm back in a second you
know are you mad
am I mad first on that I explicitly said
not to do like anything Rawling you did
yeah well maybe you should put socks in
my closet you have no idea you have no
idea boss you need to just let it end ok
because now I have to retaliate and
you're not gonna like it
I'm not even mad ah yeah I did it the
other day it hurts for like a while
alright bye Manji like and subscribe
thank you
party subscribe Oh Jake polish that was
so much fun
today's post notification shout out goes
to DeAngelo Hall DeAngelo thank you so
much for having my posotive gauges on
guys if you want a close notification
shout out all you have to do is turn on
my post notifications and comment when
you are done I will see you tomorrow for
the most epic vlog to live on this
channel guys be ready oh my gosh and
that is what I'm going to work on right
now we sell a lot of work to do and
still a lot of logistical things to get
done so I will see you guys tomorrow
because
is everyday bra make sure your subscribe
to keep up with my life on a daily basis
and you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
