no no one drinks regular milk in LA it's
almond milk only I'm from Ohio
yeah same but when you're in LA you have
to drink almond milk there's cows in
there breathe burn what did I just
whistle
so pop one two three to put it in go oh
yeah is that nasty oh that's the clean
up all the milk that you drank is you're
killing cows I rather do that they need
dog food cuz guys are you out food for
like 200 years
you ain't dog food for 200 views what a
loser
Martinez twins yeah what do you guys
want to do put a house for sale is
everyone else down a comment chest a
nerd you have to do others things
nothing like what sometimes they just I
don't know if but I love them right yep
that's a good question how about we
write down a couple of names of people
that we want to sell put their name in a
hat and pick out which one and then go
for it are you down oh you got a hat oh
you got a hat for us alright suggestions
throw them out there
Oprah's house oh you don't I don't know
what Oprah is but they know imagine is
Kobe Kobe we know yeah yeah yeah Los
Angeles Lakers you know
there's a new port so Miley Cyrus I like
that a lot
yeah I don't think you'd ever see the
changes people yeah yeah you guys think
you can sell my mom's house she's been
trying to find a buyer yeah yeah we
could do that we're pretty actually a
pretty good real estate Justin's mom I
have a number two already yeah I believe
you know a buyer that's all that
youtubers david dobrik Logan Paulson who
is that one more one more one more
yeah no.21 savage ones I like that let's
put these in a hat names shuffle them up
who wants to be the official picker
we're here baby you want to do it close
your eyes all right their clothes the
clothes the clothes all right come on
oh my give me it's there here
david dobrik david dobrik yeah he's
gonna be pissed
we have to find if he has a house mainly
what if Liza and him are in there and we
just like bust in and like I don't know
what we'd do well we do something are we
gonna film them through a window of them
making out I don't think they've ever
made out on social media so we just wait
to do it for the fans
yeah well you're not david dobrik sounds
for sale that's great
I need to do that oh god no okay one
more time you everyone what you get all
my shot you're not david dobrik house
for sale yeah I'm your friend
good afternoon
Jake Pollard's welcome to my life this
is the team tenth house I'm Jake Paul if
you're new here it's and guys this whole
day I was working on my big video which
is going to be posted on Saturday I
cannot wait for you guys to see it
literally be refreshing you you two
pages all day you guys are going to love
this video it's insane oh my god
let's get flipping started breath all
right so we got our for sale sign here D
a yeah that's it bull what's up David
good all right so we start the internet
watch a bunch of his videos found out
the general kind of location of where he
lives we know what the outside looks
like I think they just recently moved is
what we kind of finally found out yeah
you don't understand what I'm saying
yeah it's fine I'll just drive okay
yeah you just come yeah it'd be cute and
you've got to be cute yeah you can do
that okay keep oh did you guys see you
guys got verified yeah okay got my car
open for them guys you ready let's go oh
oh all right got them now um let's put
them all right
and yeah Oh guys this is what it takes
to get you guys in the car you all just
messing around chance get out I'm
driving
GTA star so we got in my car and then
changed cars because we realized that
David probably knows my what my car
looks like and if he's like outside at
all or cuz he lives with like a lot of
people so and a lot of people are always
around so if any of them are outside and
they recognize my car that might draw
suspicion and we might get shot so let's
start to change cars now I'm gonna do
some really cool transition shots okay
busy working no no I'm telling everybody
I'm like Daniel alright guys so we're in
the general vicinity of his house it
says like we're like point one miles
away but like I said we couldn't find
like the exact address we just saw like
fans take pictures we have to guess
which one it is a long time I'm doing
this light off
oh my god do they make more farther down
there's like security signs everywhere
there's so many
totally not watching anything it's just
the whole did he have his aardvark on
his Netflix recommended nobody watches
that so yeah that's great
good yeah you could do would you like
strike a pose wait Jake Jake Jake Jake
Jake Jake just look behind you this is
gonna get so I can't see you all right I
love this aardvark bringing it
really I love your videos bro thank you
I just thought I'd sell your house dude
I really think I have a concussion what
is going on yo it is split in half you
know I didn't know I honestly thought
you were Logan oh I sort of knew it was
David I just wanted to hit it okay cool
it looks kind of empty yeah okay yeah
yes women all right ice yeah we should
yeah I think I might have a concussion
Thanks I hope when you sell the house
you can pay for my hospital bill do you
think David could afford a nicer place
yeah I was like yeah he's getting views
you know this is play it's kind of wack
I'm pushing two years yeah you're
pushing years thanks for stopping by
Jake yeah incredible see some videos oh
thanks the fruit loops in the pool yeah
real waste of food don't sum them dope
thumbnail
I love the thumbnail very colorful I
don't have YouTube so I don't know your
type I think I think you do how do you
get YouTube I didn't have it how do you
get watching bogs oh oh is that what I
upload - yes like - did you give it does
it all for me okay you're like is this
it yes I want to leave now
team infinity yeah there's a lot of them
you just breed amount pumping on it's
like a factory I hope your heads okay
dude I'm not gonna lie I'm like
seriously in pain do you guys wanna
soften and go swimming in my pool
that's topic jcy he always does that I
was actually trying to see what was on
your Netflix recommended and it wasn't
Buzard mark so I was kind of
disappointed the bizarre work is on that
flex I don't know cool guys all right
I'll see you later yeah keep on I doing
yeah it's fine I get an autograph for my
kids real quick cuz you know David I
hang out with David a lot but you know
we between you and me the kids like
Disney yeah nothing I didn't say
anything it's just a quick autograph
they would mean so much to them Jake
what are the names I'm Jason and just
Jason is good you are the greatest to
juice into my other one is mash and the
other one is my tits Jason and then the
other one is Nash okay yeah yeah so just
is that your name I knew I named the
kids after me yeah you are the best
vlogger you're better than David
Dober you're the last Porter and a
credit card just a in the CBD okay I
could just do an imprint actually I just
uh just give me your card okay all right
thank you guys
yeah okay he's so happy okay I'll see
you guys keep killing it yeah pen the
pen yeah all right that was weird that
was really weird
yeah how's your head my I really hurts
probably mildly concussed quick replay
room yeah replay this series of events
there
I really think I have like a bad that
hit was wow that was Wow
I thought you were gonna die I said you
well I had really really bad this is the
bat the remnants of its physics you know
what that's nuts
that's the real deal bro there's no way
around that dude I think like I'm
honestly like it like yeah dude no I
kind of cringe thinking about that hit
like that crap that's barely tapping it
my boy David comes out with a bash
straight away cuz what dude I'm gonna go
to sleep yo I might not wake up I mean
don't close your eyes what I thought you
said you wanted my truck no I wouldn't
say anything grab his keys just in case
I would do a post notifications
shout-out but I can't you want to do it
this week's post notifications shout-out
goes to Tristan tails oh thank you for
subscribing thank you for your turning
your notifications on your the best
things sounds good all right guys I'm
gonna my head and take ibuprofen I'll
see you tomorrow
cuz it's every day bro yes peace make
sure you're subscribed to keep up with
my life on the daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check see you
guys tomorrow
peace
