no my day oh my god okay so we're trying
to help you get a girl how is it going
it's going pretty good why I just wanna
tell the vlog I don't think you should
put it in there why she wants in your
vlog the only reason it's going to get
is cuz cuz of me cuz he watches Lila
yeah yeah she's a Jake baller he watches
you all my vlog explode know she knew me
before and then yeah she saw me in your
vlog I bet yeah I bet yeah that just
that increased your cool just admit it
I'm not gonna put this in the blog also
Ethan did you meet my friends from Ohio
chance Anthony yeah yeah like three
poles
Joey billig like good I literally
exactly the same like you're all white
you're also smile y'all even blonde or
dirty blonde
like James are Lou we only have a
different hair color because you dye it
also we all wear midcab besides the fact
that like two of you have no followers
you guys do anything differently each
other yeah we do all the time
okay that's creepy no oh you want to see
our signature dance no we want that yes
when we do some moving through that ha
ha ha
we tell the story about when we hit 52
miles per hour and reverse a kid's cook
we're telling you the story so that you
don't do this this is so dumb there's
such a terrible no I'm teaching them my
mistakes
and they learn a lot from it and it's
also a really pretty story so 16 years
old just got my license mom's car not
even mine Toyota Carolla I'm going to
call it hey hey we think it's for sport
there's no sport mode button no we're
just cruising on my neighborhood it
might stop at stop sign I'm just like yo
guys I'm ready ready for whatever like
ready for what like are you ready say
yeah well I mean that I'm in the
passenger seat by the way I'm like I
don't know what's going on Joey just in
the back chill you're just like whatever
yeah so I put it in reverse
and I just for I'm a yo-yo what's going
on I look over and it works we're doing
like 45 and then in Reverse in a
neighborhood the speed limit 25 yeah but
yeah oh my god and all of a sudden
starts going up and up and we hit 52 -
there's like a curve in the road now I'm
like yeah I nail this turn right but
there's a college that come right at
hand I got free humming oh god this will
ham on the fray big mistake will go
shoot funny thing the whole thing time
front crack we go into a mailbox the
only break mailbox on the street is dead
silence and I'm just screaming and
you're like no no no I'm on the clock
it was like silence like five seconds
and I just starts your head telescreen
Telestream can't screams like bloody
murder and I was like yo I'm out tonight
ran back ok we left turns red in your
situation so even don't do that oh dude
thank God you guys told me go hey guys
you guys so you can I was definitely
looks like one of those kids who's like
short and tries to prove himself by
driving fast
I wouldn't know I'm tall I would've been
fine if it in the room you're like well
you got your license suspended for six
months and the cops
Ohio bruh is it just me or is Jake and
Logan's mom the hottest my family oh
yeah one mom but uh we talked about
Anthony's sister she's got it yo fluff
Ramos as in your sister right here oh
wow look at that
yo I'm not saying anything but we still
think I'm an actor bro and Jake back to
you guys
right now man I'm scheming a prank
basically all day what I did is I
photoshopped a blue checkmark next to my
friends instagram names who weren't
verified so i'm going to go up to them
show them that they got verified and see
what their reaction is and then tell
them that they actually didn't get
verified i think they're going to freak
out and be like really really upset okay
so we got Cades profile Emilio he's on
Erica chance Nick so basically what I'm
going to tell them is that I had my
friends at Instagram verify everyone on
Team 10 and that's like pretty
believable because I've gotten people
verified before a lot of people verified
before and so they and they all know
that so hopefully they're like oh my
gosh let's see their reactions my name
is chance row look pin dude come here
look what I got a surprise for you what
a surprise for you what is it I hit up
my friends on Instagram yeah no way how
did you have set in no way
do you get it for me yeah well before
you told me
working out nothing to do no way stick
goes up yeah bro yo let me hang what
yo yo heads up yeah got him he got me
maybe one day though maybe one day
Emilio next he just hit 1 million so
this is really believable
Emilio welcome here no no way no way
like it oh my god
no you're do look look thank you oh my
do both of you guys guys I'm very fine
yeah look real look let's take a yeah
what's up
no way yeah gadem are you trying no no
yo yo I know one day you'll get verified
will you help me get Nick and Erica yeah
Photoshop there's two good i
photoshopped it it's a prank guys no
hurt yeah she watches my vlogs yeah
she's a Jake Fowler
your mom's a Jake baller yes our to ezel
CN oh it's plug yo but guys you guys are
great friends and have a present for you
I head up the people at Instagram go and
I believe you look Nick sure yo you did
it bro anything anything
whoa you did it wrong very fun so glad
I don't know what mean you don't know
congrat circus Thanks I gotta check it
out over myself what are you gonna do
now that you're verified what are you
guys gonna do no I'm just I've never
seen so swear I'm speechless
okay I have you I don't know what to
believe I can never believe in what
they're on screen well I know but like
you never know in shape nervousness but
you can just see it on your own profile
it's not a big deal Noblet
maybe someone no you have to like wait
hey where's your phone it just happened
look at me so long in an hour morning
play refresh this one watch if you
refresh this one thank you you know okay
all right okay bye guys well I can learn
some Spanish while I'm at it
yo this next one's gonna be hilarious
look what it's my car I'm going to make
my car no Ella car yo yo bro no no no
Photoshop
ah okay no oh no bro I hit up my friends
at Instagram and I was like dude cuz you
because you're what it takes you Cana
about to be like 70
you're why that's 70k dude I got you bro
yo congrats Kate that's so sick yeah
thank you dig that's like that's so
tight it is the first thing that you're
gonna do how does it feel I'm probably
gonna DM some girls oh okay mark smart
making power moves already I wanna see
it on my home phone like hey look I'm on
my own account you know I mean it's like
take big days ago it hasn't shown up yet
Oh Monica that's weird
I didn't you just take a little bit to
load you know I think it's perfect
different on my yeah it's just a photo
so what do you what do you mean photo no
go oh you thought you're gonna have so
many do you have anybody now actually
it's time to gain like it's not my thing
oh that's good oh do be one two three
four ah the big ball gets in the street
fighting
oh let's do it yo bro yo did you just
trip me bro so ciabatta zucchini bro
oh hey how's anyone was love
come on little mess luck block I'd rip
up this is one
I think it is Bureau zero
it's a ps3
Oh looking just keep sending any worse
you know what this happen I don't know
what we were fighting and then I don't
know who Jake Pollard I'm ending this
vlog early because here's why this
Saturday I'm posting one of the biggest
vlogs that I've ever made
and it taking me so much time to work on
this so much stuff is going into it so
much money being spent on it like this
vlog is huge Saturday morning you've got
to be ready for I'm going to hype it up
throughout the week guys like you have
no flippin idea biggest vlog yet so many
early so I can go plan that like I said
so much is going into it I can't wait to
be able to share it with you ah it's
literally going to be insane goes to
Carolyn have worth Caroline thank you so
much for having my post notifications on
guys if you want to post notification
shout out all you have to do is turn on
my post notifications and comment when
you're done follow you tomorrow make
sure you're subscribe to keep up with my
life on the daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Church see you
guys tomorrow
