we have axes and giant sledgehammers
safety goggles hardhat we're trying to
see if we can smash all this stuff whoo
yo jeez those are shots a lot harder
than it look boom and good morning Jake
haulers what is up you guys are awesome
make sure you smile today laughs and
work flippin hard because the Jake
colors go hard every single day today is
a crazy day a lot going on
first thing I just got some supplies for
the vlog later we're gonna be playing
like a really fun game
oh yeah Jake ballers what's up second
thing is I just got $5,000 in cash for
the race with my brother tomorrow I just
realized how dumb we are we're racing
for $5,000 why why are we doing this
which means that we are going to San
Diego tonight
because we have to go to a track there
because it's like a legit official race
timed in everything that's not to be
like such a little augs
oh my gosh $5,000 Jake what were you
thinking I wasn't thinking that's what I
was thinking but you know that the Jake
ballers are going to win so I'm going to
make $5,000 hopefully my racing skills
are impeccable and the third thing that
we have going on today is a meetup I
told you guys the other day to come meet
me at the Grove in Los Angeles at the
ray-ban pop-up store so that's in a
couple of hours I'm kind of nervous to
meet all of you guys Wow let's go
cuz I'm all
well yo why are you here I'll see why
are you here cuz prank wars Jake yeah
mom mom are you and ask you would I'm
gonna get you back I don't even know
happen yet but I'm gonna get you back in
your room this morning yeah I woke up
there I live there how'd it get in there
since no yo that's not cool
what'd you do mom this is all your fault
I don't you want to go look the keep
look what happened yo got a black large
white right mom yo what I get home what
and look at this kid does he removed
everything out of my closet and put his
merch socks are you more mad that I
removed this stuff from your closet or
that you bro this is my socks like this
I tried to buy it from Artie I tried to
ask if I could have one I'll just go
ahead
oh just kidding you said I have to buy
it online I'm gonna be honest right now
Logan man I'm a little ganger now yeah
good morning Erika good morning testa
all right you guys are my thumbnail
yesterday how do you feel you feel cool
oh hey what's going on hey Cade good
morning bro oh I like your son gun Oh
Ray Bans right man event today oh right
oh yeah kids are so it's a match you
know yeah hey mom hi still mad at you I
got your food dollars a thousand socks
to my I know Hey nope Wow you see the
cycle without it bro my eyes got a
glimpse not ruin my room is room it'll
house it in there kissing you
okay so are you really gonna pay when he
beats you because he's got the cash
ready he's his own height man
now I'm not gonna pay you cuz I go loose
and the plot thickens mom do you think
I'm gonna win
sure yo what see the peasant of my lord
rope
Yoshi way oh she just trying to get
famous from both of us g-man I like goes
back and forth between oh yeah keep
scheming broke and my walk you said you
put me in a fake on yeah yo I don't even
trust you anymore mom yeah but she's
scheming yo the whole entire squad is
out here we are about to do this Meetup
I'm just so excited to meet all of you
guys you want to go all right Logan I
will see you later drought will drive
the San Diego together yeah boy I love
you please my closet right now
wait so let me get this straight your
son is coming to meet us I'm gonna meet
you guys and you're just randomly our
uber driver oh wow you're pretty awesome
no take Paula Zahn
yeah it was worth it cuz I came up I
never changed upstarting made a lot of
sense in then I thought a pay stub and
never paid up on j-dub plumbing with the
ledges like I'm Kaleb I manage other
people but nobody like the day was
already recorded promoted the show but
they know we got the motherfucker with
me this routine 10 because we love them
so much Dana fire everyone to do such
amazing things I live for watching all
of them after school Zig Paul is all of
us yeah okay so for people who don't
know what this is it's my signature cuz
oh my girl here it is all Jake parlors
are on emoni they've broken like oceans
we're coming you know when they zoning
they blow when they gonna bow and all
the while they're being in the bullring
cuz I'm sorry but I'm in it now never
quit it now took a little wobble might
be winning now on a jet car yo what did
you just take my boy hey bring it down
yet he told me I should blow it down I
said wait a Polish we are here
my mind is never resting over Lord I
can't control it now within the long
time coming a long time running I
graduated college I was all or nothing
man I could have been advantage but I'm
bluffing I'm alone and I'm killing
everybody when I come before the throne
hi I'm a good car and like and subscribe
here with me wow this is my boy yo you
got all my marks you look alike oh thank
you it is chicken oh okay good
stop it oh my god are you guys don't cry
we'll work it out
the guys are matching all in the palm
socket like it's okay it's everyday
was it worth it was it worth it
Oh was it worse yeah it was worth it do
ii get to learning every lesson turning
nothing into blows oh whoa Jay Polar's
you guys are unreal we bring the hype
everywher y'all can't be stuff
everyone's tired after the meet up wake
up video cookie Thank You makeup key
mom's never tired okay that's kind of
creepy
alright so we got a whole bunch of
testosterone back here and my mom and
we're going to play a game called can
you smash that we have axes and giant
sledgehammers safety goggles hard hat
we're trying to see if we could smash
all this coca-cola silly shooting soccer
ball Oreos mannequin banana slave hi
Liam and Pluto a vlogging camera a
skateboard Barbie Jeep Corvette Star
Wars singing bananas so let's find out
guys if we can smash those things the
hard hats are just for the thumb now I
will keep mine on they weren't just for
the thumb now first up yo I think we go
if we had a crowd vote out on a limb
here and say the bananas this is about
to be banana banana can you / that ice
mess table and the banana so you can
smash that I see place of your here dr.
ball can you clap that brick
yeah hello camera can you smash that Oh
it just matched the one I see bit of
croquet before we're back can you stop
that yeah you can smash that flowerpot
can you sir
yes you can
Oh Jay can a nice and hot oh thank you
why tell me can you smash that oh you
can kind of smash that so cool can you
mess that Oh
oh yeah laughs that big bump
can't you Mack ja ja sorry g10 yes
master can you snap that oh you did you
can start on super broken electric
skateboard can you smash that
yes mash that Oreo can you smash those
clearly so ever you can think we all
knows I was coming mannequin candy
smashed OH
next time invite me to your party Oh
guys today's post notifications shoutout
goes to Terry White Terry thank you so
much forever my post notifications
turned on guys if you want to post
notification shout out all you have to
do is turn on my post notifications and
comment when you are done and today has
been super super lit right now we are
about to pack for San Diego head up
there you'll see us tomorrow for a five
thousand dollar race with my brother
it's about to be lit Jake Polar's we
will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bro please make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
