it could go extremely wrong if you don't
even know that I don't know her mom was
watching - hey mom
shall I let us go we are so out you're
at the beach custom times quasi this
morning hiya
flippin went to bizarre market Disney to
shoot oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah and now we are out
here yo guys miss me this morning or
what oh oh yeah work it Nick yeah that's
uh so cute don't see all the dating
there David Meza
turcica sok you'll write a new post find
a new pose yeah good job Katie
there it is good job yo yo hey hey mom
hey you
yeah hey I don't know you have to be
trick you come from seriously I was on
set you pinned my phone didn't you no
nope they told me here guy so I have
this J Palmer shirt here their mother
throw on the shirts a lot cooler right
Jake Palmer I'm dig three two well I'm
killing it yeah I'm out here cuz I
really like that
do they have girl birds like a t-shirt
dress but I don't know I could put it oh
ok Nick yo mom I think you need this new
Jake Paul merch sweatshirt on ready I'm
gonna throw down t3 - what oh wow ah
you're stuck there for a second it looks
good though you look cute
it fits totally perfect yo you're
actually killing it right now ha ha
you guys are like gold oh look at that
you guys like sisters so cute
I'll make some photographer now yep dog
Dolly's loves me are your dogs friendly
by Friday right right right right
you dogs don't like me I don't know why
dogs don't like me yeah
I should know I I actually ship you guys
yo I ship that you guys ship Kate and
Nikita me yeah for sure made you guys
kind of like fuck blow up yeah
nade yeah no Tina no no we hold no Dana
girl is a homer fucker
Martinez $2,500 if you jump in with $500
mastery that's $1,000 right there
Martinez 500 each yeah I'm gonna do no
no that doesn't help
no doesn't count but you have to do it
right now I have to have her went back
to shore I'm putting a minute on the
clock right now and that's how long you
have no decisions 500 apiece yeah you
already had 58 seconds that's a lot of
cow a lot of candy so you're already at
like 45 seconds girls I'm telling you
high 37 yeah you lost it you lost the
deal that was an easy thousand so this
guy back here just asked me if I upper
Decker the White House toilet when I was
there and he hasn't known upper Decker
is it's where you like poop in the top
of the toilet ha ha ha so he asked me if
I upper Decker the White House and the
answer's no now I think about it it's
like probably one of the biggest regrets
of my life
I can't die happy anymore I had an
opportunity I'm going to it would be
such an epic thing as a yeah I have
protected the White House now that you
brought it up yo I realize that I can't
die happy because I think
I know right and someday I want you to
go back and do that I'll tell all the
hundreds of drivers that I have to go
watch your video I don't matter I'm
gonna do it one day I'm gonna do it one
day for my boy John back there
Tristan Kristen Kersten when I said you
were trash I didn't mean it what did he
know no one's even put their food in
there though because the trash cans over
here what my brother that's so nasty yo
Jim when you aren't looking yo emergency
exit only it says that an alarm will
sound
I bet $20 at no alarm a $20 you're
actually going out there told you oh
yeah I know how the United States Bush
we are wave loan out with the lighting
but guys I don't know what he don't
ability to dude that's all I'm saying
I know exactly how the United States
work says that every time security
doesn't you know I tell you guys these
things like life is such a hat no one
monitors anything you lost $20 you got
it Tristan he's not he's literally gonna
fail so hard oh you got it just commit
he doesn't got it I couldn't even clear
it what are the odds you dodged that pat
pat the wall they're holding it that's a
dive through the pretzel okay one two
three four all right yes it dies do that
pretzel
Justin you're such a savage oh yeah
thanks D so sexy your dog is a model yo
mama you vlogging right now yeah have
you edited your first vlog yet I'm
trying you're covering your face is the
interesting vlog camera you got there
well I don't even gotta start somewhere
what happened mom ever since you have
two can Instagram you've changed changed
on hood-famous you just been so cocky
lately you're just like going back and
forth between Logan and I have logs
whatever Erika's as a sheik a big dick
oh yeah yeah what is this why you got a
bounce like all of you a girl pretty
soon I love ya oh my god Erica what have
you been eating and all that you know
protein yeah we just had shrimp seems
easier I do that
got one it's not oh that thing well yeah
I threw say that okay
no one says we're going to beat you in
the race on Sunday do you know I'm kind
of nervous about the race ah got it
maybe next year whatever I know how you
got the stars how much are those high
five yeah oh my mom's not with that much
yeah I'm just kidding mom look this is
$40 at least and you can have it all
right yeah you watch the ball your dick
Paula yeah how tall are you alright I'm
a junkie okay yes they still stay still
okay whatever you do don't move this
could go extremely wrong you don't even
know that I don't know her Mama's
watching too hey mom hey Silas you don't
work up on your lot of W yeah you got it
yeah
I think you're really gonna go oh yeah
that's what I do
high-five my girl so flippin girl
anything we talk about the sky you're
there
oh my God look at that look what this
has come to my mom you're not recording
this guy yes I am no you're not
yeah yeah no she knows oh my god hey
with good kids are you guys gay callers
yeah as our young savages yeah Oh what's
up Oh yo yo yo what's up hey you said
your subscribe but do you have post
notifications turned on that's what boys
hold it like I don't have it again so
you don't follow me on Instagram
that's a shame because you're missing
out on all these fire selfie Jake what
are you doing Jake is like one of those
tropical cocktails Jake Jake who are you
wearing
who are you wearing is that George a
pink umbrella georgeanna Brown umbrella
chillin on Santa Monica Pier with my
homies usually make sure Nicholas
killing it that's my girl she fainted
cause we out here clinic hit us with the
drop hit the folks I don't start from
the best
run from the cops cool books off
festival our best thing about the role
slogan in the rap battle may one day one
day killing it every day what hey hey
hey your turn no no you're good Wow do I
do mom your your turn
why do I know freestyle it's mom a happy
boy okay whoa oh
yeah bro like the only reason I didn't
go harder with the beat sock haha
otherwise yeah yeah yeah beats up yeah
alright see this guy right here he keeps
on shooting up this like light thingy
because then he tries to sell them to
people so I'm gonna try and grab it
hey Ron Ron
I'm just playing I love you good
stay back say it back hey that man take
a risk
so uh Oh Batman shine the wheel oh sure
are you trying to get our number
no no avoid Batman's asset he did really
oh no you know how do you do that you
don't even know what he looks like
you gotta keep getting their number I
got a phone all right now yeah he's
probably like that we'll be like let's
go to my cave I've got come to this long
I'll show you where I'm hiding no I
don't know how you keep like that though
you can't literally oh yeah like yeah
maybe that's the move they don't know
what you look like and they assume
you're dope cuz you're super your own
where is the nearest costume floor
don't do that at home kids I was like
hot rawr guys to a post multiplication
shower goes to a bed I realize I don't
know how to see the last name but oh man
thank you so much for having my post
notifications turned on guys if you want
a push notification shout out all you
have to do is turn on my post
notifications and comment when you are
done today we're so much fun thank you
guys for watching remember to smile stay
motivated stay hungry keep on working
hard and I will see you guys tomorrow
because it's every day bra push make
sure you're subscribe to keep up with my
life on a daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
