mom yet I want the Martinez twins to
wrap us up in 10,000 layers of toilet
paper so this morning I wake up and my
mom and I are literally twinning I don't
know how he did that it must be twin day
yo I love your outfit you're killing it
but the thing is that we got actual
twins over here guess who's back yes
Tina screams yo the J callers missed you
guys I know you've been gone for like a
couple days now yeah this is my mom yeah
yeah Oh Minnie Jake oh she started
vlogging yesterday oh really
yeah attempting to blog yeah she's
really good she's gonna blow up thank
you drink you think she's gonna be
bigger than pewdiepie not doing crazy
things you know all right let's do it
good morning Jake Pollard's good morning
but you guys are awesome as always don't
forget to smile today laughs be positive
work hard and let's do the day
whoa so we're on set just chilling guys
I have a sick idea for later now we have
all the toilet paper rolls understand do
you understand hug we explain it don't
be like when you go poop and you wipe
your butt okay
so light things that you know that he
made a fort or we're going to wrap it
around us like giant mummies yeah ten
thousand layers of toilet paper that's
lit right yeah
in the meantime my mom has this my mom's
a nurse she has this test called a
Pinner test where you stick a needle in
my finger and then we mail in the
results and then it tells you like what
food you shouldn't eat that's like bad
for you we don't stick a needle in his
finger and then mail it in we poke his
finger get some blood drop on example
after eat and then we mail that I was a
little I was a little off okay how to do
this Highway what are you used to poke a
finger right what is the car to be
smarter know what is poker into me open
your did you like it's gonna hurt not
being a little girl do you want to do it
no you can I'll be your super me run
okay say what finger no I'm cleaning
this what how do you know what finger
then it doesn't matter what finger ah
now keep still G Oh
sickle over yeah oh oh shut up you're
such a wimp you poke your finger oh my
god people this cowardly in Spain
there's a little girl oh hey boss any
one word bleeding a lot i I'm an athlete
and I got scared look at my thumb a
little minute of Orser cute eatin
where'd you guys met before
no no good you know who is he's weird
yeah
you can't insult something like that
right in front of them yeah but I think
it's weird - I told you I'm putting on
this band-aid I prefer if there was like
a Hello Kitty band-aid I would always
get Hello Kitty band-aids and I was a
kid because you're aware yeah even this
week Spanish
dah dah dah dah dah dah Shama Shama you
should prefer to - tada Budda Budda
Budda Hazza Hazza Wazza do you speak
Russian I don't speak Russian aggression
no not neither you speak Russian ah
don't bite oh nice jump on that robot Oh
Chico Chico pussy all right have fun at
school
wow-whee yeah I want to be right now
but not everybody been with me Sunna
wait a couple hundred late now
we're not everybody's got this me I seem
to come and it was all nothing not know
the future gonna give me nothing not
putting the time putting the work of my
rom the well along with John I'm on now
I'm gonna go way to go more slow down I
busy not to go mom yes I want the
Martinez twins to wrap us up in 10,000
layers of toilet paper no toilet paper
that's paper towels 10,000 roll yeah how
many hours is that gonna take
25 25 and then what that's a good
question I don't know
no pool will hurt man yet mmm get on my
Mother's Day Father's is everyday bro Q
time left
yo I feel like I feel like an astronaut
I think if I go poop I can just I have
to pee really desert no I know so Q
today's post notification shadow goes to
Bailey Schrader Bailey thank you so much
for having my post notifications on guys
if you want to post notification shout
out all you have to do is turn on my
post notifications and come and when
you're done mom you're like a mummy ah
mommy
whose idea was this anyway it was your
idea right what is their idea right yes
they said I wouldn't make it
what's up zaebal we're all here we're so
all your Broncos let's run to outfit new
March dropping soon it's everyday bro yo
and guys don't forget tomorrow is the
event at the Grove with ray-ban from
noon to 3:00 come meet me for free
Saturday the growth ray bath 12:00 to
3:00 a Jay Mitchell performing it's very
hard to breathe all right mom sighing
break out break out yeah lard mom yo
Christie if I can scare people yeah
Wow
I'm making loads of mess ah freeholder
cute alright
That's not me that's not speaking at
that Martha isn't out yet you know when
I when they said that I was going to
look like this for my life you know just
really hurt and no artists are Tiffany's
I'll have any friends anymore
and uh
that one just looks at me wherever I go
it's really not cool one time I was in a
public bathroom some guy ran on solute
apron
I asked Oh funny guy ready I'm going to
break out you know some like designer
company should do a fashion line oh I
don't have to do now I'm Erica and I'm a
vegan
oh my god I'm Tessa and Erica and we're
just so vegan and we just love it the
Aldi foods I don't like me you know this
food is so good it tastes like nothing
but it's so healthy i nominal looks so
good hey guys we're just uh just chillin
over here buzzing ah now it's
contaminated I know you got so scared
though you didn't immediately start
throwing things I'm just trying to block
your pop to get to me guys guys we do a
group hug come on no let's do a group
hug come on a group on her body
team danger part part of team 10 group
hugs
come on is now you're getting you today
well Erica get in Oh guys I love you
yeah I love you in here I don't really
know what I'm you in like like pictures
idea no no what happened
yo yo yo yo look at this look at this
technology oh that's so cool yeah can
you guys do my outro signal it goes
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you tomorrow because every day yeah you
just like doing so nicely thank you know
you is nothing thank you it is so hard
for them right now
it's already 3 2 1 go thank you so much
for watching I'm gonna see you guys
tomorrow because it's everyday bro Hey
bye guys make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it see you guys tomorrow
