good morning Jake Pollard's right now I
am outside I'm whispering because I'm
about to prank my mom if she comes out
here I'm gonna have to stop recording
well basically the plan is I told Chad
to come over here and act like he's a
jogger I'm gonna go to breakfast with my
mom and while I'm pulling out my car
chad is going to come jogging by here
and I'm gonna hit him with my car
my mom was freaked out she thinks I
drive way too fast and dangerously which
I probably do she's going to like freak
out hopefully I'm gonna set up some
hidden cameras so you guys can see like
all the angles I think she has no idea
that this is coming so I'm pretty
excited let's go talk to her my new
Hollywood look good morning mom I liked
it it stylish you're killing it today
are you hungry yeah don't eat food in a
bit feed me feed me sometime mom you're
kind of scaring me
why yes Douglas glasses on and you have
a nerf gun can I use the clock of the
car yeah yeah oh oh yeah your arm is
broken here I'll cock it for you okay so
they go it were like bonding yo she's
gonna take down the calash well oh yeah
you want us to do it again though don't
we know it
this type of question if you guys wanna
know but it down is the room for the
people I could bet agree but I drink
slow
that's and I asked in a passage for the
admin if another way to do this my mom
is such a gangster if you're new here
I'm Jake Paul this is the team ten house
you guys are the Jake callers and it's
everyday bro making content living life
Los Angeles let's go you can't get down
your arms broken mom I don't want you to
fall I got you oh okay you know it's
National Woman's Day yeah I'm a woman
yeah you are
you're the best woman also if you're a
girl out there I want to say you are
awesome you know Sharon abbadabba ding
dong US men would be nothing without you
you guys make the world a better place
you have to go through so much more than
guys do like I honestly have so much
respect like you have to give Barry look
how look how big I am I got a little she
is not really gonna give birth to me
like with that I know so National
Woman's Day guys if you're a girl I
truly have so much respect for you and
stay strong keep on killing it girls are
going to take over soon like girls are
all we're ready for it yeah we're ready
for it so love you guys so Jan is legacy
me he's like five minutes away and then
we're gonna bring my mom hey
we go I totally knew those make what
yeah that was the ward who are you I saw
you coming from the corner and I'm like
oh my god what yeah yeah that was the
worst thing ever
back up off the nose again it was a ball
that was really the worst should wear
dolls like right here and then hit the
top floor I didn't know Oh stupid I'm
stupid just the angle we got how many
cameras left for nothing
I mean I don't get the opportunity yet
now you get stuff Tom yeah huh can we
talk about the fact that you didn't even
know who it was and you were you walk
out and you kick him and say get up like
I knew it was chant once I got click
behind oh I'm sure you did that's her
excuse so I realized after that we could
just walk and go get food and the only
reason we were getting in the car was to
prank you good morning you've been
that's why you've been stalling
yeah sorry that's my fault yes that was
running late Annie my dad I'm mad at you
for five seconds ready I'm mad at you
for five seconds
all right we can be friends now yeah
which is waters good yeah okay
let me pull the car up hold that on hit
anyone actually are you guys bonding
yeah that's really cute
my name is stepmom though just like a
gangster yeah except my name is cat
balls Oh dad Paul oh you're at the
change you have to change your Instagram
saying that's the way it becomes
official no way never
what son why would I put it on slo-mo
well if you want to do like a really
epic shot I want to throw that coffee in
my face yeah so I put on slo-mo I'm
trying to teach my mom how to vlog I
want her to start vlogging comment if
you would subscribe to our channel
collars I'm trying to figure out if I
want to vlog every day or not but you
know the wrinkles
stuff like that I don't know they might
show no might maybe soap is natural mom
you're supposed to be yourself like look
I have acne and stuff but you're
supposed to be yourself but what fun is
Ohio guys what's fun what could I do to
make it fun I mean I could show you how
I play tennis not they just want it they
just want to know you mom it's great
phone call Jake oh yeah great phone call
kid you got a thing of ideas I could
tell them how I worry about gaining all
you have to do is just put stuff in your
bathtub and you become big is all you'll
have to do I got rid of my bathtub for
now I have a little glass now okay
you're making this awesome
adult Joe got fast cars idea you do have
fast cars drive man you can do car
reviews a no girl like mom has ever done
car reviews it's all just British guys
sorry beauty every single day just go
around and do to view hard and tell you
what I think about pretty color
look out yeah look at how good you are
on camera mom you have the hand motions
and everything like nails I could go to
the nail
and kill you all the hair we're actually
recording by the way yeah she is then
you're click making me I broke my arm
and then I'm sure Logan I would shout
you out I really want this to happen if
I guys were about to eat food haha oh
let me show you what I did last week
oh sorry killin it mom I'm about to go
to Disney I'll meet up with you later
right already here we go guys in three
two one
so why don't you do that yeah but it
gets us to here it's like a transition
because like if you want to be a good
vlogger you have to like you transition
like watch this transition watch it
watch it ready three two one oh yeah I'm
saying like if you want to be what if
you just do something like this though
and just and then like uncover it at a
different place instead of having to do
something as stupid yeah no I could do
that I actually I used to do this a lot
I still sometimes do it it's just like
just sometimes I'm feeling frisky and I
want to do something different you know
I mean like whatever bro back off bro
I'm gonna help you step up your style
game bro like you look you look like it
could I take advice from you you look
like a Walmart Justin Bieber oh wow that
was that was harsh cool edgy was a words
on your please like it doesn't look good
and why you dressed in all black add
some variation you look like that emo
kid at school
I am emo I'm emotional that's what that
stands for you know that right that
explains the black socks black shoes
black pants trans rips in them you look
like a 14 year old girl alright no but
seriously but at least I don't look like
you look like look like an athlete no
you look like the one who doesn't would
dress for the camera but you're an actor
that they give us clothes so why would I
dress in good clothes for the camera so
that people don't like throw phones at
you okay I said I said that I think
you're really good-looking that's okay
you know I took frisbee
no current EULA activity at school
I thought you dropped out I don't drop
out like you is in the school room like
down underneath this floor and go there
every day yeah but it's just like it's
like fake school right it's like Disney
school yeah but mister is kind of a
friend you want no I've seen it's fake
school also you're talking about my
style what is this my mom's purse looks
exactly like this it's something a
middle-aged woman carries around to
carry your little coffee Pomeranian in
okay all right I am but it doesn't cool
on me I look do I look cool no you don't
what is this does not even gold it's
silver doesn't match the color scheme
why is there black zippers like what
what the heck don't touch my stuff Sam
okay Sam all right oh no is this your
guys in the room you literally wait oh
that like 12 feet I love you hey guys oh
hi second mom hi Oh Ethan look they made
a construction shed just for you it's
your size and everything yeah y'all look
there's a hospital a fake hospital are
you okay oh are you okay like oh oh look
at with this next to me look that's even
better look at that
god it's too easy to get clickbait
nowadays yo you did he's actually dead
so I see you bro you know the heavily
please weapon would you sledgehammer
don't do that Oh hearted Oh more ah jeez
you're so dumb
well that was fun
fabulous
I got you Jake polish let's go home
I said hey come on guys
have you guys seen my mom mom mom mom no
what are you doing I'm filming you're
looking for a beach right yeah
for what first guys I told you this the
other week but I'm working on a very
special video for you guys it's going to
come out next week I can't tell you what
it is yet but cause we let mom hi you
look beautiful
where are you going American Ninja
Warrior
what yeah I'm going to see if they'll
let me on the show with you Logan and
Jeff who Logan your brother oh you want
to be in my vlog later we're gonna do
some crazy stuff a couple hours oh I
can't promise what time of the death but
yes if I'm at you're too famous for me
now I like that car behind you though
bye bye mom she's leaving me for Logan
smelly people coccyx yeah today we're
gonna sell another person's house right
along did you ask yourself
I asked you guys whose house you think
we should sell a lot of people were like
yo sell Oprah Oprah sound right
specimens okay follow up faraway two
hours they're never like you know tell
your own house was like and then they're
like sell the phase house imagine a
light bulb appeared is there light bulb
so I was like yo that's a good idea they
have a mansion it's massive it's not
that far away there's high security so
we could get into trouble it's so big
that we might be able to get inside
we wouldn't even notice we could go with
the other that's what happened in the
White House there's an empty but
basically I brought Tristan mainly
because when I like found out that is
where we are going
I knew that Tristan had a friend that
lived in the same neighborhood that he
could call to let us in to bypass the
security
I brought Justin because he's a really
good-looking guy that's not that's a
really yeah yeah that's the only reason
oh look look we found our address
I happen to know somebody who lives in
the neighborhood so we have you senses
we're not going to use her you okay
we're here we're gonna ask my friend
Kayla politely a show call us into her
neighborhood so they can bypass security
and go to her neighbor's house and sell
it and sell it and then sneak inside of
it yeah if you don't know what the face
house is phase is a group of youtubers
and gamers who they all have like a ton
of subscribers they're really awesome
guys and we're going to sell their house
so if you guys are interested let's hit
up the realtor jig ball so yeah
the selling house thing is just a fade
okay do you want to come oh I'm invited
yeah
you guys never cook and then later what
are we doing we're doing an overnight
challenge in an abandoned insane asylum
okay so let's be late guys stay tuned
I'll come into the first one have to go
to that yeah there Josh yeah will you
help us sell this the house and stuff
yeah okay thanks bye but I'm gonna see
you in a second okay bye
also guys this iPhone 7 giveaway winner
it goes through kamilly 7
a family thank you so much for being a
subscriber and thank you for following
me on Instagram
you are also I'm a CMU right now and
ship you this iPhone guys there's gonna
be a lot more giveaways coming so stay
tuned for those and let's flip and sell
aha alright so right now we're about a
mile away their neighborhood has like a
bunch of security it's like one of the
nicest neighborhoods like in Los Angeles
and citrus has to call his friend to
like get us by security and then once we
make it through that we're just like in
the clear place to sign and then dip it
should be pretty gnarly guys comment
below in the comment section whose house
you want us to sell next or any other
ideas that you have for videos oh yeah
you guys scared are you scared a little
bit is the first time you've done a yeah
I'm kind of nervous actually
this is not like that also it's like
camouflage bruh kitty is the cool outfit
you
I'm trying guys you don't have to have
good handwriting to be a youtuber I'm a
vinyl what do you mean to be a Viner
yo Kayla can you by any chance call us
into your neighborhood please it's fine
we're going to go rob your house yeah
we're definitely not selling other
people's houses Oh God we thought we
promise we won't tell any promise we
won't tell anybody you're the one who
let us in nobody will know yeah just
that you're the one who let us whoever
is watching this I could take ballers
let's fine now I'm gonna head up corner
jail for this aren't I y'all research
okay I'll call them now all right thank
you bye
yo we're here yo
yo this fat security what I'm saying
when I say do this we're going to kill
us up we're going to stuff Jake Paul
looking up at the security as though if
we didn't have the plug that's a bad a
security as seen on like a house we
comin to even Drake's house didn't have
that yeah we're already point two miles
away
Oh Erica hang an acquittance run up like
Alana gets better and then you're placed
fine and then and we run active and all
that means about this
Walker do
down
still I blend into the clock should we
try and get a few of the backyard
or in the lot next to their house
Brazilian look in the backyard not the
computer monitor you look looking at it
never it is for watching this video this
is really creepy we're like stalking you
with a in school
doesn't let backyard
completed we did you guys that's crazy
right now we are about to go to an
abandoned insane asylum and do an
overnight challenge there on Tristan
channel go to this channel right now
I'll put the link in the description and
check out that video it's about to be
insane and today's post notifications
shoutout goes to Dani D dick Danny thank
you so much forever my post
notifications turned on guys if you want
to post notification shout-out just turn
on my post notifications accountant when
you're done right bye thank you so much
for having us yo guys guys Erica's
running away she's trying not to go yeah
we go don't have to go in here bro
yeah this is actress and channel Jake
polish it's everyday bro I might see you
tomorrow
maybe not at security
I might I don't need no hundred my on
just closed every day bro a piece and I
forgot my outro come to take you in
Brooke yeah
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 should see you
guys tomorrow
