are going to go from the hot tub into
bro this morning is about to start off
with a bang hey is about to jump off of
this balcony onto this snow pile oh well
because it's our last day in Aspen and
on we gotta get lit cuz
so put your vlog belts on because today
is another day as a part of the mostly
YouTube channel that there is a Luke 8
is a savage stand jump off hit the curve
ride in between these two trees to
safety same flood
good morning Jake fathers yo no it's not
soft it looks soft it's not soft you
know if that was powder out of landed
100% raw the okay just became the first
member to become a part of the Aspen lit
gang baby Oh allow me to explain so this
morning before the vlog started I came
up with this idea called Aspen lit gang
and to get into the gang you have to do
something that's extra
because I said to myself today is our
last day in Aspen and yo we gotta go out
whistle hi it's my 21st birthday week
and we made a promise to make it the
most lit 21st birthday that's ever been
happened on the planet and I think we're
off to a great start like just these
moments alone right here are like part
of the reason why this is the most lit
week ever
do I still look cute know what I'm
saying bro like this is like easily the
best 21st birthday week that anyone's
ever had so get ready for today the
finale of the whole entire week bro like
I said put your vlog belts on because
it's about to go down and off you're new
here I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's and welcome to the team
ten madness
hey the squad team tend the most
dysfunctional lit family on YouTube well
not do it and since team 10 is here that
means that there's like ten where are
you did you did you get the IC well yeah
I got the I see what's yeah well that
means that there's like 10 to 12 people
that's still need to be initiated into
the Aspen gang so you know there's a lot
to go down you know it's about to go
down Erica what are you gonna do before
we figure it out guys I need to get you
caught up to speed just can't if you
didn't see yesterday's video first of
all what do you doing man
that's the subscribe button and turn the
focus notifications on if you didn't see
yesterday's video we went on the dopest
winter rollercoaster ride roll the clip
look at this shot right now
oh my god oh my god guys and then we
also snowboarding and shredded a little
bit it was chances first day things kind
of got rough warm
Hey Dude Sunday and after he sent it
guys Eric and I got in to a fight and we
need a team tents helped to resolve it
he's fighting about everything is better
now guys and I actually asked Erica on a
date and we went on a date last night it
was cute you guys haven't seen this
footage I roll the clip everyone else
having a good time - cool table though
it's so cute though
we played 20 questions we got a lot
there's a Chad and my mom cool ok so it
was a little bit less of a day it was
more of like we did what we could we did
we did for sure it was still fun and I
was still got the bond but now you guys
are all caught up to speed and it is
time up you get the watch again yeah I
get the watch all there is to initiate
people into that spin as you guys saw
Cade was actually along with me the
first member into the Aspen lit gang you
saw his initiation I'm created the gang
bro so did I have we pretty sure sorry
all rains this morning that's long today
yeah it was at this moment that evening
okay well I guess Kate's the only member
in the gang this is my vlog now Nathan
what's up well now go no calm down
everyone's gonna get initiated okay but
so far here's the roster so that
is the list guys wait Wunderland before
you guys were born you would see your
dad who's the next member I already know
what I'm doing just wait other people so
Chad comes up to me you know Chad he's
probably the craziest one of all of us
and he was like yo I've never seen this
done before and I want to do it as my
initiation into the Aspen lit gang I was
like sure Chad hit me what is it and he
says two words human basketball so
apparently he's about to jump off of
this balcony in two with the basketball
hoop guys this is what we do here he is
telling me no no this is a dope send
Erica and Mackenzie okay great all right
so basically chance is going over this
tennis court on a bike
thanks mom
well let's keep going okay chance just
did his god he keeps on telling me to
record oh yeah yeah everyone else is
doing our lean on our stuff right
they're sending it off of balconies you
know jumping in basketball hoops centers
that is nothing running in this life
Anthony uh I'm making us some food the
cheesiest yo Kraft you made it mac and
cheese for the squad
fans without Kobayashi oh my god I can't
initiate it twice okay so apparently my
mom is on the list twice I didn't know
that was possible but hey we are
currently on the back of a trailer right
now yo check this out look we are
getting towed right now on the back of a
trailer Cades back there on the dirt
bike okay we're going to a new place
right now where we're gonna be able to
do even more open lick ganks to complete
my entry into the gang guys I had to get
more speed more power and more lit than
anybody else but the problem was is that
we didn't have anywhere to go faster so
we were stranded I tell you guys yeah
you guys just knock down the door roll
the clip these local Aspen's over here
knock on a door I'm like yo you guys by
chance happen to own property that we
could ride a razor oh yeah we have 30
acres let's go joke when I say the Jay
Paul's are the strongest eat wheat oh so
now we have 30 acres look at this guys
to have some fun on this bad boy which I
bought myself for my birthday I'm finna
fine to jump and go like 30 feet in
there whew Wow yes I will Wow you are
yes I will damn it it's safe to say
things are gonna get
okay guys this is our send point we're
gonna go over this ditch on to the other
side looking out lies this is you can't
really tell but it's gnarly this is my
initiation it is a spittle it gang Kate
is gonna be riding with me yeah then
we're gonna come flying down this
here we go
let's go oh my god we got a flat tire
but that wasn't good enough so this is
called the triple play
okay the girls are going now I don't
know if you guys just saw what happened
to Chad but I told them not to do this
but you know it'll just take care of a
girlfriend you know it's like no no I
told her not to do it okay let's go okay
mission completed boyo I think it's time
for you guys to join the a spin late
gang we have an idea and now it's the
girls turn to join the a this is a good
one girlfriend Mackenzie into back into
the hot tub in bikinis oh my gosh this
thing watch what watch it's not great to
watch this is a good idea video idea I
know you guys liked it and I know you
guys like the hottest versions of game
guys my favorite sweatshirt is the
status measure yo I don't know you've
seen it but if you haven't gotten it yet
come to join the strongest here on
YouTube smash that subscribe button I
will see y'all tomorrow because it's
everyday bro or peace
Jake Pollard's it isn't all new season
of merge guys this does banjo echo
backslash take Paul get it while you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me Tex Jake Paul calm which is
gonna give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatting debs every day bro make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
