let's wrestle justice here guys I've
been hyping her up all day your friends
are gone you have no one else to break
good morning Jake haulers I hope you are
having a great day you guys are awesome
make sure you smile and make sure you
work hard guys today is going to be an
awesome day I have a very very special
guest coming in a couple of hours you'll
get to hang out with us I'm super
excited about it I don't get to see her
a lot so you know kind of touches my
heart
let's get that day started Brad come on
I got my truck back from the shop and
now they want to Bay to just right next
to each other so beautiful oh and out
what else is new this weekend is the big
race of my brother so stay tuned for
that guys that's basically all that's
happened in my life right now
so let's um let's do some stuff
my special guest this year guys I've
been hyping her up all day this woman is
amazing to me alright you can come in
now
you make a really cool entrance I'm good
how are you their new son my little
brother you want to die you want mom yay
you're here I know you just got to Los
Angeles right yes so you came do your
favorite Sun Studio frode's no but mom
seriously yeah remember how for
Christmas a loading dock you like a
really expensive ring bracelet I mean
yeah and I got you a really expensive
bracelet I know yeah which one are you
wearing I'm wearing the one you got me
where's Logan in my suitcase oh so you
like me better mom yeah what happened to
your wrist
oh sorry careful never change what
happened we got in a street fight
mom's a savage no really good you should
see the other guy oh did you actually in
this treatment oh I'm the savage over
you bedazzled your bling arm brace
thingy yes so you're a savage enough to
get into a street fight but you're
classy enough so bow down below exactly
but seriously though mom yeah I missed
you so much
it's been a while so I know Christmas
went to the Jake Pollard's missed you
too
I didn't holler they miss his blog mom
she writes it on my board like five
seconds like my dad my dad's fan base
and then now blog mom my parents are
trying to take all my subscribers yo
hashtag dog mom she's a hoarder
yo eating your mom's actually like good
on camera
it's like crazy cuz you're not at all
Disney wanted to hire me and I said hey
oh I feel bad for my man Ethan in the
corner over here he's just like he's you
know that yeah he's not that tall since
up oh yeah so I made disney hire you
which is you know the only reason you
have the job yo back up back yeah yeah
yeah yeah the only hard you could you
have followers that's like oh the long
reason I hope you I hope you know that
okay here it is you're bad at asking for
him sorry but what I heard was that I
have followers you already got to
extract a good out of every situation
I'm gonna acting you are yeah I act like
I like you every day so my mom is
holding their hand in the air so that
the blood like helps with the swelling
yeah the blood like goes away from your
arm who has no friends oh you raise your
hand you Oh Ethan no Ethan bro come on
I'm your friend God come on we fight a
lot I'm your friend
yo okay no my door is broke you
literally broke my door yeah I think
you're stuck in there bro
stuck in the closet you broke it bro
who's that hi rose it's actually really
it's fine
Disney will pay for it actually okay so
you haven't been to Los Angeles in a
while which means you haven't seen my
new car do you want to go fast do you
get scared when I Drive yeah I do get
scared in your job but you want to ride
it thank you
okay I'm gonna be safe and just low
the problem is with this cart you can't
be inconspicuous so they go oh if that
team can enjoy the new cars alright
alright oh hi
trust me I won't get arrested famous
lifts worth better that row
I love you
high five months you're the best vlog of
mine I've ever
are those dog lights glasses yeah no way
I'm all the same all right we're done I
said let's let me do something bro right
yeah I already we're in at all four
three two what ah yo teleporter where is
the key turn out yes look at this you
know what we do here right mom yeah I
got you this taser I've been wanting to
do this since the minute I saw it all
right so you turn it on okay yeah then
you can just you just press that button
mean no it's not me it's funny
oh yeah Nick likes the Taser yeah what's
not going to ooh what a millions of
Trevor's Bell come you're out what three
million prescriber
I mean surface right you're telling me
in the medical field snow don't tase
Nick I won't use them how you just
totally don't believe you
all right I can't walk I did too many
times I think we're doing on a sec
moving out name always blockading the
door he's witty he's barricading the
door
hey Erica hey how's your day going I'm
pretty good here
stop it oh my god
oh all right here I'm warmed up we're
done with the days or you can keep it
though oh good
just in case you misbehave oh ho hum two
days me you fight I scared oh my god yep
well at least our pool looks better now
okay mom I'm sorry I love you I don't
even have it anymore
yo Erica have you been oh my god good
you guys ready for your date together
I'm taking them on a date with fans and
flying fans from Germany explained
before oh I missed you mom did you miss
me
whoa did you miss me - Tessa okay it's
so good to have you back and tasty me
with tazers and everything I love you ah
Jed will you be my new mom actually I
would love to be your new mom bro bro
let's go score you want me to take you
to soccer practice right now
yeah or would you rather you put on a
helmet and we can do a helmet test we
run into walls we have her drop stuff on
our head like we like drops in the world
ahead that sounds awesome
it sound like a good mom but I'll do it
whew yeah okay so you want me to put
just put a helmet on no I think I should
just drop stuff on your head all right
like this right here might hit this wall
really is this safe I'm yeah
oh no not the crash that hurt no I'm so
great I'm a job can I have a water
bottle on your head oh yeah well if
you're gonna do it go like up on the top
all right hold on I need to line it up
already go three go
this is so dumb Chad's my new mom this
is what we do
you think I should drop this polaroid
camera on your head never from Dave yeah
you're gonna be fine three two one it
broke plus it might still work say
cheese
hmm
so what about this fan mail yeah heavy
enough let's do it oh this is so much
fun I never thought I would enjoy
dropping things on someone's head as
much as I am right now
fan mail in three two one
he's dead yo chatter you got oh no one
so we were gonna give this iPhone away
but I think instead we're just going to
drop it on chance now I'm joking guys so
I dropped this ps3 on your head
yeah bro this is so heavy
Chet why do you do these things I like
doing something never done before and
Plus and you put the little tag we it
gets me more followers so it's worth it
I love the honesty guys two things
before I drop this ps3 on its head
make sure you guys are entering the
giveaway iPhone 7 and tomorrow this is
your last day I'm announcing the winner
tomorrow all you have to do is hit the
subscribe button stop what you're doing
scroll down right now and press
subscribe guys and then the second step
is to follow me on instagram at Jake
Paul I'm picking the winner tomorrow
guys you ready and the second thing is
Saturday I am going to be at the Grove
in Los Angeles at the Ray Ban pop-up
store doing a meet and greet meeting all
of you guys for free from 12:00 to 3:00
p.m.
AJ Mitchell who has been in my vlogs
before is going to be performing for you
guys so it's about to be lit chat you
going oh yeah
will you be the emcee Oh Martha McGraw I
love making test day so you guys make
sure you come to the Grove Saturday at
noon bring all your friends it's free
we're going to meet you guys take
pictures it's about to be lit let's shut
the place down and I Chad you ready for
the ps3 my next week this toy guy I'm
dropping a ps3 on Chad's head Jake
ballers this everyday broke free yeah
are you doing well we should play
please penthouse Abhi's yeah let it why
do you want yeah
whoa these are the things that explode
right slightly okay like like not me
right well I'm going slow ready three
two
oh sorry Adi Norris oh you already start
on my arm really hard yeah okay this
goes down and make sure you actually get
the arm though that's good of it thank
you can you do yeah I got it actually
throw it hard that way you will Harbor
Oh hit the camera keep on throwing with
the camera go you guys take turns that
almost in my ear oh that was lit I'm
sorry Jake ballers we're gonna relay on
that one
Jake polish today post notifications
shoutout goes to my boy cameron miles
Thank You Cameron so much for having my
post notifications turned on guys if you
want to post notification shout out all
you have to do is turn on my post
notifications and comment when you are
done and guys it was so awesome to be
able to spend time with my mom today I'm
going to spend some more time with her
tomorrow hopefully get to prank her
because she has like the best reactions
you're so cute and I hope you guys had
an amazing day
keep on smiling keep on working hard
Jake Walters I will see you guys
tomorrow because it's every day bro
Krish make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on a daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Church see you
guys tomorrow
