you're not trying to put it in the pool
are you no no we're pretty in the lagoon
you guys are awesome let's do this day
come on
well it didn't fall gosh
transition shots are dope but like oh
I'm out of breath cuz Fatah goes to the
flippin store yo ho whoa guys that we
are here at the store right now we're
gonna get an inflatable thing to
hopefully fill with popcorn so that we
can create a popcorn foam pit I'll go
right go right boy Ricky Bobby coming in
you
so I'm a drifter now you see me still
see me
oh you want to take a pic yeah let's do
it I got his hat
I got a fans hat yeah that's been a bro
100 water balloons 60 seconds I think so
attention all shoppers peasant off
shoppers the Jay Paul is really really
strong and here is really everything a
bit tougher don't know so we went to
that store and accomplished nothing
wait we had fun though we accomplished
one thing we had fun mom mom back doors
locked
can you open it mom the door is locked
back here if you could open it are you
my mom oh you're not my market so while
we're at the store we got this stuff
that's called Crystal Pepsi and it looks
like water but I don't know man I've
seen this my whole life they
discontinued this before I was born and
I'm really really really good it tastes
like Pepsi as opposed to Michelle it's
not super weight how it looks like water
no if this tastes like Pepsi I'm gonna
freak out ready bro wow that's so trippy
it's better because it looks like you're
like oh I'm drinking water it's
healthier LA and so back at the carrillo
seem 10th house guys and we went to the
store to try and like get a foam pit but
they didn't have any foam pit so what
the flip is that but then we realize
with our two incredible brains just I
miss me if I try to kiss you you would
know we realize with our two incredible
brains that we could just build the foam
pit out of these rolls of toilet paper
and then put the popcorn in to the foam
pit and then jump from here into the
foam pit popcorn thingy majiggy how to
get crazy
okay so we have to knock this down then
I think there's only one option J can
ask you we should play Jenga real-life
Jenga ready know how to talk like an
illusion zone oh yeah oh yeah I love you
I'm sorry we planning to do this I'll
never let go I was playing that the
whole diet I'm sorry wait hold on oh now
we have to just build a foam pit you
silly goose we lure yeah so much mouth
burns gonna smell so good
Tesla you pop the popcorn we're gonna
build a pit okay so we're gonna be
jumping from like right here into it the
ideal spot is like right here in this
general area I think doing fun right how
do you happy alright so the pit is done
we filled the bottom with toilet paper
just so I go through the popcorn I don't
land on the floor does just popping
popcorn still yo this is about to be
over lit but you say popcorn foam pit
what you doing rid of me popcorn foam
pit yeah Oh fire it's going to be tough
right okay guys we're about to put the
first bag of popcorn and Chad you have
the jet chill man Chad our test you want
to put the first yeah
yes I like flying stop it I don't know
it's a few a little bit
Wow we're gonna need so much maja go
ahead okay
only ten thousand more bags to go we can
lick all the back here lick the bag
wait that's Lily all that comes out of
those bags we're gonna be here for so
long I am with my friends who are your
friends you you owe me no then I gotta
run away get away get away nap whom in
the games in the awesome guys we
finished filling it up oh my gosh it
looks so yummy look at this it's like
super deep you look at it oh it's so
satisfying I'm kind of nervous to go
first
I thought your lighter so yeah just dumb
it you're the test dummy but you want to
go first right you go first I'll go free
because I don't wanna go through and
like go straight to the bottom okay yeah
all right guys before we jump do not
forget about the iPhone 7 giveaway all
you have to do is be subscribed stop
what you're doing right now scroll down
and hit subscribe oh no you can't win
that do you follow me on Instagram to
adjust to subscribe and then follow me
on Instagram alright guys well there's
three more days left of the giveaway I'm
gonna let us think that she's won but
make sure you guys do that right now and
you have a chance to win the iPhone 7
and also today's post notification shout
out goes to Shannon coleen coleen coleen
coleen Shannon clean I don't know how to
say your name but Shannon thank you so
much rather than I coach notifications
on guys if you want to post
notifications shout out all you have to
do is turn on my post notification and
comment when you're done
how are you planning on landing land on
your feet you're saying now you got it
Tessa you might die yeah you got it
Tessa shake follow this every day bro
how is that y'all stole it it's good
our foampit broke though get ready for
montage of fun now here so buttery
there's no montage of fun you guys
either we trick these though you like to
make my angel I literally wanted to do
it go well you know Chad's got a
skateboard I don't even think the top
ones gonna help with the landing at all
anymore
wow that's late okay alright check ya
chest that's cool
it's just finger flip it
oh my god just land on the ground well
I'm not skateboard I mean popcorn it's
like all over your leg in the condition
you know but butter butter clothes yeah
you guys really want me to go in there
definitely not worth it yeah it's not
even worth it because I had to film do
you guys going into it and my yo hey no
no that's not okay when she gets
destructive don't know put it down I'm
not cleaning that put it down well let's
go popcorn it's really good if you guys
need me I'll be over here Ted's going
again well you might as well clean up
this mess that we made here so after all
that hopefully I can do one of those
cool magic tricks that I do is to clean
it up ready and none of the magic you're
still working we're going to actually
actually create it up yeah I'm going to
extreme though yeah you guys you guys
should be the one that cleaned it up I
mean I paid for the popcorn you you and
you're the one that you guys are the
ones that ruined it you know I never
told you to jump into it yeah you tell
me no I paid for it so all right I'm
actually into one of those cool magic
trick things now and it's gonna get
clean up okay
yeah actually though already whoa that
actually kind of work no guys I'm about
to do the post notification - yeah
you're not trying to put it in the pool
are you no no we're putting in the
lagoon yeah I think you guys are
actually putting this in here right now
all right that's enough Chad that's it
yep okay yeah so I mean I did the fruit
loops one saw once again I just don't
think I'm gonna go and yeah I know
you're just gonna go in nope
correct Jake that's not like fair you
know yeah I mean I guess like y'all do
for the vlog so I'm doing it for all
anyways America
oh you're going into yeah I just
explained to test that I can't go in
well it's it really cold now it's one of
course no it's one it's one I'm just
gonna keep my shirt on yeah it's cold
not because my body is not ready for the
summer chick pullers you know we're so
out here cuz a lot of this is just yeah
just lift it up just lift it up oh my
god it's so cool it's so cool oh yeah
oh great decision this is grab yeah is
so cool let's go all the way in back
come on you'll be all laugh oh that's uh
that's a mighty my head's warm cause of
you woo this is relaxing it's like a spa
right don't need some pops one in the
pool right yeah well it's really cool
at least cannonball that yeah Wow you
won't cannonball it Ted
you won't cannonball
oh hey look what you doing are you mad
at us Nick I'm sorry Nick oh you like it
yeah well I started okay yeah
Eric is not here so he's a beautiful
faculty come back and chat is in a
shower
oh that's a good do towel all right Jake
Pollard make sure you guys come back
every single day and I will see you
tomorrow because it's every day right
sorry Chad make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
