yo you guys are driving so dangerously
you see that oh shit no yo what's poppin
what's up bro I like your glasses
thank you what's up guys welcome aboard
Zig ball
Ford Focus RS Express let's go yeah my
boy are you ready
papi in bro we already go I'm your
driver
Jake are you guys ready I'll tell you
when the shot yourself up okay ready are
you ready shot yourself on three two one
come on grandpa that's my boy we got
drift to do
it
so these guys are driving so dangerously
do that okay you know what what I pulled
over get out now we're going like this
is uber the surface looking new
subscribers here that was I'm sorry
lucky
Wow what
thank you guys for coming aboard the
Jake Paul Express hey I was up to the
deck ballers thanks why are you
hollering yeah so what's up with
yourself tomorrow when I get so close
okay hi Bill hahaha ready
destroy get out the exit context they're
here
that's right let's go up here and race
oh come on
is the one before you thinkin on cake
you know uh iodized to talk to me right
okay don't three raise at home is that a
closed course closed course yeah special
drivers to me and that has been your
ride for today thank you so much for
oncoming horses all my five for that and
love ya and then there was one no I got
that this long they all both my God
thank you
all right guys hey you all right guys we
go this now we stole it they're all so
happy I felt like a good person car
smells like rubber and burning
I was definitely burning the animals
burning rubber oh good I yeah
look people at these commies guys are
baby
clean
come on guys that was so much fun and
what do we what to do about to put tires
on we're going to solve some tire
stickers
how do they say J father's batik movies
are going to go on the tires I ready I'm
gonna throw them on there all right here
we go gone real quick ready three two
whoa oh my god yo yo so stick yo that
was the final touch on the car that just
made it pop yo that's amazing that's
like at least 40 more horsepowers
actually 550 Oh take polish this is our
color ah let's go to the beach
if you were drowning I would give you
mouth-to-mouth
hey yo kids just gotten the poor device
she's not good is that kid is on my foot
bye guys family that's my family hint
dogs love me right please right private
Thanks
so we're here in Del Mar at a beach this
side you know spend some time with the
boys it's a manly day cars contact with
the sunset pina colada for hands yeah so
manly guys jealous yeah she's cute oh ah
this is so butterfl row we should steal
my Clippers your teeth beautiful photos
this is so butterfl butterfl with that
but it's anyways so look at that
probably get tight on lattes and come up
here and talk about girls and I feeling
okay
girl there's a whale out there there's
actually a whale there it is
oh where is gonna come over again I have
to use my whale calling oh now it's
gonna come watch oh he gave up no
hopefully I don't fall that's really
sketch
Oh
Jake's doing a shoot right now and he
does to look back and it kills it like
what's all about
and look here now that's not fair for
models when you got somebody doing a
look back like that it's too dang sexy
growl am I wrong am i right kill you're
right rose well now it's like double
skill oh you guys want to go down there
I'm gonna jump down there three two one
ah yo oh that was high Oh whoo jump cut
back to this place guys don't forget
about the iPhone 7 giveaway all you have
to do is follow me on instagram and
subscribe to my youtube channel right
now the more you send me on instagram
the better chance you have of winning
this time oh four more days left in the
giveaway guys so start now
smash that subscribe button kid there
you guys need help yeah can you grab the
blade yeah I'll go up here yeah I think
you're colorblind dog
network that's good right it's great to
see that leave with a five-star review
on Yelp this is the quality of work we
do I want to go to Yelp and just be like
Jake Paul is the best rapper artist ever
look at that look at that one well I'm
gonna do a slow-motion shot with epic
music for you guys yo we're gonna
preview your video yeah 109 guys said
this is the worst video I've ever seen
we're real yeah I always help y'all just
you're gonna want to stop showing its
people you showed them yeah guys what do
you think out of 10 ranked it like if
I'm rounding up to it's really damn bad
I don't even know what I'm trying to
shit like reliving right Jedi good
you're good at videos just does that one
was really bad Scotty was funny hey we
can do something funny you wanna do
something fun please let's do sketching
what are the odds that you've got
yourself on yeah let's do it okay
one two three three all right what are
we doing
Ted laughs lord of the odds is gonna not
himself oh man not again
oh you're going off of that you like in
flicks he makes it worse for himself
no one study
Driss there's yes this go for teddy lost
mom you have to redeem yourself after
that video so this is sent you got it
champ you broke this yeah it's a little
crooked are you going again yeah I
didn't really get all right you got a
chat you got it do it for the Bugatti I
think I don't know why my body won't let
me do it my body's like try you don't
want to do this I think what it is
because I have to bend my knees and I'm
not know she's weird while Chad figures
out his you know situation over here I'm
going to do a post notification shout
out guys today's post notification
shout-out goes to Hannah
Alison Thank You Hannah so much for
having my post notifications turned on
guys if you want to know if occasion
shout out all you have to do is turn on
my notifications and comment when you're
done Chad hurry up
so you want me to stomp on it in it you
should not be facing you just like
you're doing right here is just gonna
get is like lower back and butt come on
Chad stop walking away Chad Justices you
gotta do if you know you're gonna lose
them yeah true alright ready to go turn
around
no I want to seem the paint tummy
oh this dispenses so real you know what
happens if you lose what are the odds or
if you don't fulfill your thing on what
are the odds ready for come on ready
three two what that one hit me a little
bit I heard the meat
ha ha good boy oh my god you hit
yourself in the face trying to say
that's that Jake Palmer it's now
available Lincoln by oh yeah
you just hit yourself in the face with a
broom the reason I had to do all of that
is to redeem myself for how bad is video
was it so bad right you are Oh
anyways go go watch it at not a jackal
watch enough yeah it's a good video
right we were just reading where are you
serious the whole time you thought it
was good yeah it's not we had a message
you guys can't miss him you know I get
personal
oh poor Chad how he followed you uh you
know what listen I got to like 24 25
okay okay oh man
no it's good it's fine if it's bad no
one's gonna watch it's a good video and
your followers really like you okay how
about that oh yeah I just got real
oh god that is going for the portion yes
I'll talk seven did ah you got to do it
yeah I'll do it that was lit it's just
gonna go right into the Viper yo yo you
guys are fight here yeah you do that
yeah I counted a little bit I'm gonna
get a replay instant replay oh I'm out
here cuz like and subscribe I'll see you
guys tomorrow cuz it's everyday bro
proofs you didn't see that and Nev
coming out did you we're going back to
LA guys I'll see you tomorrow bye guys
the SD rap I love you bye thanks for
making my car cool may you take me to
San Diego again yep I'll see you guys
tomorrow kiss every day bro make sure
your subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
