okay so we got the Froot Loops now and I
think it is time good morning Jake
colors this morning I ate food and then
I went to the Apple store because I'm
doing an iPhone giveaway stay tuned
then we went to the grocery store to get
the thousand Froot Loops will you help
me with my vlog no no okay that is that
you dad nope not dad you're my long-lost
son and are we yeah were you barely
seriously I thought you died yeah I'm
out here we made it I miss you dad it's
been so awesome grandpa is that you
grandpa
no oh I thought that was my grandpa mom
mom
I thought that was my mom aunt Shannon
are you my aunt Shannon no sorry thought
that was my aunt Shannon once Rob phoned
Rob is that you put those ones rough mom
mom is that you thought that was my mom
what oh sorry hey Ricky
gotta love Ricky what's up Jake ballers
about to do like a cool transition back
to the house this is like a flashback
right now so I'm basically like talking
to you in the future or something
hopefully I don't get kicked off this
thing I also just want to say I love you
guys you guys are awesome and try to
smile today so anyways yeah as I was
saying oh no one saw anything
run run dick hey I'll clean that up I
stole your car she has no idea that I
stole her car thug life oh I love those
shoes girl work it okay
dope well there was basically nothing in
there but we got a ton of boxes of Froot
Loops to fill up a pool with and back to
you Jake Thank You Jake thank you thank
you thank you yeah as Jake said we are
filling a pool with 50,000 Froot Loops
I'm doing an iPhone giveaway guys where
is my squad oh did you forget the Froot
Loops
oh god I feel like I have to do
everything all right Froot Loops in
three two one
okay so we got the Froot Loops now and I
think it is time to party
and guys if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul this is the team ten house and we
go hard every single day bro so be
flippin ready if you're new to this
channel yo Nick what do you think about
this bro yeah yeah you say fifty
thousand Froot Loops in a pool that was
more than fifty thousand no nope I
actually counted every single loop I
wouldn't like my audience how many would
you say this is a million you think this
is a million Froot Loops
like this big do you think that's true I
mean I didn't I didn't actually count
okay but in a million Froot Loops in the
pool I put I still don't know what we're
gonna do with this giant toilet paper
for it like I don't know it's so
satisfying
you haven't seen yesterday's video it's
actually over lit front yard trampoline
park hit it kid whoo all right let me
hit it let me hit it oh oh you know all
the easies came the zebras got here you
got the zebras yeah oh no no that's my
side someone saw the box
look why good morning yes sorry shoes
match you're right you're right hi what
are you doing today you vlog hey you
guys alright I'll see you guys later
yeah you're on time for nice yep I'm a
teleport you right now we're at eight
three two one oh yeah got rid of that
problem real fast why I got big ears so
what do you guys want to do Coolio
Chanel
with that last one his downshift resume
all wrong
that was the block valve on a car
about to get into the pool but guys
first iPhone giveaway this is a gold
iPhone 7 guys unlocked you can use it
with any carrier and all you have to do
to win this is follow me on instagram at
jake paul and be subscribed to my
youtube channel and this competition is
gonna last five days guys so make sure
you stay tuned for those days the more
you spam me the better chance you have
at winning i'm gonna be liking your
guys's pictures back following you guys
back so go and do that and also today's
post notifications shout out goes to
Kara Williams from Montana Kara thank
you so much for having my post
notifications on guys if you want to
post notification shout out all you have
to do is turn on my post notifications
and comment when you're done now yo guys
let's get into this this looks so
amazing it's so much fun right
oh it's busy wish alright let's get in
it's like making it a lagoon fun to get
in yeah
can this video get 150,000 likes guys
smash that like button right now here we
go oh it's so cold
Oh No does this look jiffy is it looks
like my legs are just in fruit loops it
doesn't feel like a fool also guys you
know gotta go on in the Jake hall merch
so check that out too
Lincoln bio ball pour it I dare you bro
oh it's so cold how do I look great
making a trail it goes back behind me
that's what I'm sayin oh my god it's
always fun oh you're just in them
there's not even a gap behind you
they're just like pull naturally just go
back it feels so cool oh wait look what
oh it's so satisfying does this how you
guys are cleaning it
I was coming along guys you got fruit
loops on your skin - it's a but mainly
though that was late gonna change bull
okay much better guys I just found out
that I got nominated for a Radio Disney
Music Award or favorite social media
star oh my god Jake Pollard's I need
your help to win this award if we get
enough votes I'm gonna win it and I'm
gonna have like a golden little trophy
thing and then we can all share it and
and then blow it up with a sniper rifle
so I'm gonna put the link for you guys
to vote in the description like right at
the top it wouldn't mean the world to me
if you guys all went and voted and voted
and voted and voted and voted we have to
hurry I'm gonna be asking you guys to do
this a lot so please it means the world
to me the Jake Palmer Army is so strong
and let's show them how strong we are
we're going up against some other big
social media stars so we have to be
waiting we have to do this guy's Oh son
player okay cool yo I got nominated for
a Radio Disney Music Award
whoa well Jake Paulus maybe they'll care
when I win so go vote and tomorrow's
vlog is about to be so epic we have a
surprise for you all I'm gonna say is
it's gonna be fast very very fast we're
gonna drive to San Diego in a little bit
do you want to see more behind the
scenes follow me on instagram at jake
ball don't forget about the giveaway
subscribe iPhone 7
everyone's gonna win ah and I will see
you guys tomorrow because it's everyday
bra piece make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it
see you guys tomorrow Poosh
