all of these boxes are filled with
toilet paper it's like a thousand rolls
of toilet paper hey how much wood could
a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck wood how much good job yeah you're
learning you're learning like what's the
one for me
yes distressed eaters come in three one
on three one trace tickety-boo da da da
yeah that's right that's good right
that's okay cool
what is up guys we are on set hold on I
have to I have to get changed into my
outfit three two one okay okay okay now
I need a dog you know what I don't need
a dog where's the dog
guys I'm gonna go get some makeup on my
face because they make you wear makeup
so that you know that you don't look
like this let's go get some makeup
all right look do I look good I look
good right I got a workout all right
this is how you create a cool intro all
it's gonna need is a little bit of
editing all right you say good you say
morning you say Jake you say Pollard's
oh oh now edit that together fire bro
and good morning Jake holders we are out
here on set of bizarre vark I know with
the Martinez twins and it is a shoot day
today which means that it's gonna be a
little bit chaotic today we're actually
filming the cameras roll Monday through
Wednesday is just rehearsals and and now
we're shooting
I can't fit busy Paul assume when I
thought no is born
no it's born of a spongy polish
finishing one when you go finished on
set now we are going back to the
teammates at headquarters let's go oh
this is nice it's a nice car yes we
should go back to the team ten house
probably right yeah
yo where's my squad at whoa yo what's up
guys oh I have a video idea for us to do
alright okay so we might have a special
guest coming in a little bit which will
give us a little bit of intermission but
this guy's all of these boxes are filled
with toilet paper it's like a thousand
rolls of toilet paper and so I want to
build a giant toilet paper fort right
here like chairs everything yeah yeah
but yeah sure China so it's gonna take a
while to build but it's gonna look
really cool and be really fun and then
we should like knock it down right or
light it on fire oh we did yeah that was
that was dumb yeah
hey Dad bro just in time we're building
a giant toilet paper for it and we have
more special guests to coming that was
just one special guess Wow yeah you are
you really are okay got one door
everyone close for the thumbnail post
for the thumbnail giant toilet paper for
it gone wrong dad real food is all right
we're done all right Jake koalas I'll
see you just gave me lots to flip and do
this yo does they ever have to go poop
cuz you're chillin y'all do be chillin
yo yo yeah be careful you're gonna knock
it over no I don't know if we have
enough that's like almost one box yeah
well we'll see what we can do here yo
it's falling its falling oh my gosh
don't it goes I can't why I don't know
watch watch watch falling no cuz you
guys go go this is tragic I have to push
it this way
oh this is so sketchy apparently they're
building this sideways come on guys
also you want to be in the vlog do you
want to be in the rug they hide of the
Jake Pollard's my baby did you fart you
want to go into toilet paper for it you
want to go edible all right you can have
it back now I mean have her back mom I
finally got a kid you're welcome I'm not
to lose either would you please please
no please
help-help what are you doing what
happened we are not doing this more free
to fall
yeah it's falling it's low you gotta
fall on the baby we're ad to start from
scratch bro Never Say Never
didn't Justin Bieber teach you something
I was not involved in the building of
this at all I was trying to make the
door which didn't work either but I feel
like this is really a lot easier do you
literally have to stand back here or no
do you think we need to rebuild there no
okay should we just take like a bunch
off the tops that we even have to
rebuild at all you see what I'm saying
they take the top off it was at this
moment that he knew yeah everyone chill
Josh what this is the cutest thing ever
oh my god I know I want to keep it I
want to keep her where'd you go where'd
you go
dude I can't even see
she's okay do you want to do it again
Oh babies were hurt in the making of
this video okay building up the bricks
part two let's go well alright now let's
go hey that's my finger
writing not cookies you know there was
no difference between Chad and this baby
the same person
alright we have to build this yo what
are you doing is just so much cuter than
this is good enough for the YouTube
video for the day the man what are you
saying go subscribe to Kyler and mad and
makes you hit the belt even the babies
are playing yo guys stop what what do
you mean you're getting distracted she
said no no she does that like your fork
oh you want booby say I got you I'm stop
getting distracted guys let's go look at
it just in there it's a cuteness
overload okay you're missing out bro you
guys are family goals okay thanks man
why so I'll never find it people I'm
here with you Jeff come here
we'll play really cute music and then
spin and we'll be like a family
okay oh my god hi
now this looks like a flippin fort yo it
looks so much better now I'm actually
proud of us this is gonna be our doorway
you know we just needed we needed a
trial and error process everything has
to fall down but you gotta build it back
up Wow it's better wow that is so deep
we are almost done with this about to
show you but I want to give a post
notification shout out to my girl
abdullah ahmed from pakistan thank you
so much abdullah for having my post
notifications on guys if you want to
post notification shut up turn on my
post notifications and comment when you
are done I owe you I'm gonna shut you
out
yeah and guys one thing that I want to
say as much as we love you guys and your
support a lot of people are coming to
our house on a day to day basis like
literally 30 people will come here and
it's cool but this is like our home this
is our privacy and if you see us out in
the streets like we love taking pictures
with you guys but when you're knocking
on our door constantly and ordering
pizza to our house it's really just like
not fun anymore and it makes us be like
yo should we stop blogging and I don't
think I want to stop blogging ever so
please just respect our privacy and
don't come to our house it'd be awesome
love you Jay callers though still
literally the Martinez twins are the
problem here okay look at this I don't
know if this is true but if we go back
and look at every fall he was probably
there he was brought weirder neither
check in the edit yo easy were you we
snake I'm a snake oh I'm I'm a snake
that's my new nickname is Jake the snake
it's good right I like that new custom
mean just wait watch me doing an
impression of a snake that me up my boy
yo why are you out of breath that's hard
hardiness name tough life name is Nick
I'm gonna get shirts of it and
everything I like it do you see that
four over there I did I I've logged
about it bro yeah
about our race what about our race oh
we're gonna race our cars $5,000 $5,000
my car versus his I got a sexy purple
car I got a sexy
yeah you know it's dope it looks good
the people who did it like good job
hey thanks also I just want to point out
I've been holding your your vlog camera
for the past like two minutes like I've
been blogging for you yeah yeah so
you're gonna take your like haiku I'll
take over
yeah it is pretty similar bro we're both
do dumb stuff yeah I guess I'm gonna
show them this for for-4 oh I thought
you said bored oh that's why you brought
up the race I don't know what you said
fort to Brandi oh yeah yeah so I got
this new Focus RS this is I come in and
I see my brother building out of the
toilet well we built the front of baby
to Sean let's go oh what's up guys
welcome to my crib thank you so much for
coming this week's episode I'm Jake Paul
this is my toilet paper house come on in
as you can see we come in we have a
living room a front entranceway and
always come check out the bathroom
we got a full bathroom with a lot of
toilet paper if you need it and then you
come back over here this is my bed where
all the magic happens
you almost missed the outside feature
right out here we have a bench yeah look
I'll sit down that's dope
that comes in handy when you ring the
doorbell you don't come right away I can
sit yeah yeah yeah yeah it's kind of a
lame episode of MTV Cribs but thank you
guys so much for coming now get out of
my house house is live one of Jake's
home oh my god he's changing yo yo what
are you doing though we just filmed the
cutest video that Logan's gonna be
posting I cannot tell you how cute it is
you'll see it eventually by high-five
thanks for coming guys so Jake high five
make sure that you keep on feeding your
babies all right Logan Paul I'll see you
later alligator
bye Jake All Right see ya I like you
alright are we doing all right no no
where's Logan
so here
come over here I'm trying to do a magic
trick yeah no no wait I'm gonna just I'm
just gonna throw you away I'm gonna send
you home well hopefully he lands back
his place what I'm leaving now though
okay all right bye he just walk out like
a normal exit all right cool
I mean the magic tricks are fun
sometimes don't do that leave Leave
that is my fort all right bye
yep got him this time I got him okay all
right
bah-wah get him out of here
Jake Pollard's if you want to see more
of my day follow me on instagram at Jake
go in here and hang out yeah it's about
to be lit so I will see you guys
tomorrow because it's every day brah
Boosh make sure you're subscribed to
keep up with my life on the daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house
our group channel is called team 10
check see you guys tomorrow hoose
