we saw a security guard around the bend
yeah I like that that might be their car
right there yo yo what up shut up yeah
get it get it oh the fire alarm the fire
alarm box TAS what the water but the
water no fine we're good right that was
cool right a little smoky in here what
Nick sorry about your computer bro wow
that was really dumb but kind of a cool
kind of a cool intro do an afternoon
Jake ballers how are you this morning I
went to the set of bazaars vark for some
acting
that is right
today guys we're going to Celtic You
Tube headquarters on YouTube kind of
ironic but I'm super excited guys let's
do that dang yo what's up Chad what's up
Marty this one a lot I don't like where
you're sitting yo what happened to you
guys like blackout when that happened or
what
stop doing that yeah I'm sorry you want
to be teleported alright hold on ready
alright woo gonna put them next to you
guys ready set John
Nick Nick
oh my form no it was like for me one
second okay hold on ready I'm gonna get
it back in there okay I got I got I got
three two cool y'all well you good row
what were worried you go guys up we go
for cool what
how long you house you sure you make it
do we make it block forever wait am I
gonna be on a Disney show forever no you
get to town next week what's up
everybody if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul this is the team ten how do we have
a sign and everything and it is lit
every single day bro can you actually
play
oh wait what policies the plain answer
that you get so would you want to talk
to me about so my best friend is on his
way over he'll be here in like five
minutes
your best friend my best friend yo we're
gonna meet his best friend
where you have friends here in the
United States this one only one you have
friends for real
well apparently Nick's friend is going
to be here in a couple of minutes so I
don't know we'll see what happens I like
your I like your house thanks Jessica -
yeah oh is that an ex-friend I think
Nick Spencer
make your friends here better be here so
I'm good mix cop friend to deal familiar
where I've seen it before I've seen him
before he does I know he's been on
Nick's Instagram or something
yo what's up dude hey hey okay yeah I
swear you look familiar
I don't want you to see my best friend
ever not okay
how long have you guys known each other
oh man off we go back back back back of
the day friend you know I come hey I'm
stood right here no bro I know you from
somewhere
uh hey you know I just think your clit
I'm done I'm quitting YouTube oh my god
you were my childhood oh wow what do you
what do you respond to that how human
you know yeah well I gotta go well stop
harassing him hey hey yeah yeah cool we
won't talk about it I need the time not
after that though yeah sorry I was a
little bit much we wouldn't be in the
cuber where's my gun under that's what
you're gonna do when's the next one
dropping you know it's you where we're
gonna work on that we're gonna work on
that we cool that friend alright guys
well we're gonna go sell YouTube so yeah
let's do that
cool alright guys it's kind of starting
to sink in that we're like selling
YouTube because like if we sell YouTube
am I going to be able to make youtube
videos that's like a that's like a
inception yeah brah where do you post
this at that point myspace musics by far
yo but seriously guys if you guys don't
know YouTube has like this big
headquarters really awesome they have
like a whole studio and stages there
that are really sick we're about to go
sell it YouTube you're watching this I
love you please don't suspend my account
that would really suck I would have to
go do something else
yeah else is there to do I don't know I
can't I can't really do anything else I
was really not only all set yeah that's
all I know I was good at mine but yeah
I took it um attention all shoppers
attention all shoppers
the unread itself in YouTube space and
like and subscribe Jake callers it's
everyday you want to shout out I'll see
you guys later I was I was just talking
to my my fan Jake Paul local realtor
here about the sale to YouTube for sale
by owner you know we've done this so
many times I feel like I can do block
lettering this helps you stall them
faster right yep more attractive through
the mire so on the pump
I mean I can afford probably not yeah
probably not to be honest I thought he
kept solely how much
so we just got here yeah I was a good
spy right good because that's I'm quick
we saw a security guard around the bend
yeah like that that might be their car
right there I'm not sure though they
were like driving really slow no and
they're like parked in the middle of the
road - like honestly I was here before
Security's in the back just go for my
penis daddy's leg would ya please leave
today I can't allocate on he looked at
here's where normal stuff you wouldn't
wear in black I just got it maybe
should've uber driver for you all he's
gone he's gone
yeah can't even notice you
we're gonna go around back and if we can
get a security guard to chase us let's
go around back to put the sign in the
back - like where all the employees are
director they would walk them in the
morning look here my boy John at YouTube
is going to email me hey John if you see
this just take yo what's up Jake in an
email already did your mother okay yeah
well my car's fine I think I'll Drive it
if anyone has to drive in John I can
drive stick he just wants a job my gosh
now we're going to see if we can go
around back but that's usually where the
security is we're going to put the sign
back there so people see you in the
morning oh I'm like about to blend in
because I have a camera I could just act
like I'm doing it okay
I'm secured I'll just snap the
helicopter there's there's so many
people in their town there's a guy right
there he's not like looking at cameras
like y'all we're going to where you have
to run what
just so many YouTube video yeah the guy
coming so we're going to ask for filming
a video so now we're gonna make it
timing yeah like over here I will flip
ya 1 2 3 4 yeah just like that one
quicker yes we could film that quicker
with so debugger well there's not a
digit on the girls like it's a hot place
and go roll off to jangling all right
hey what's up filming a YouTube video
oh what's up yo yeah we're just filming
a YouTube video ok nothing we say hi to
Jake baller
what up ballers can we come in oh yeah
you guessing come so in the lobby
Oh cuz I know three what hey yo what's
up bro
what's your name Austin fist bump
this is a Jake baller why we out here is
it biowaste beautiful yeah here's it
ah dang it's just so cool candy free
candy key yeah I have some I knew you
know people are gonna start paying me
super vlogging thank you yeah I can't
believe a lot of sense
oh you know my channel I see yeah how we
actually need to right now
I was taking a photo oh look at it oh my
god wait seriously they actually come
here and ask for me oh yeah yeah Logan
no way those are the three most
requested on average in oh I love this
place Jake you must be having an open
house oh yeah is this an open house we
have events are open probably for you so
that is what this is so this is what
this is where's that free yeah oh I've
been eating a date
Jacob feta you like that mmm
flippin can't believe we're in here
right now all they love it's an open
house how much was it again for sale out
there yeah yeah not probably a problem
up here from another produc I'm gonna
put an offer a 100 skittles well we're
going to get out of here but I'll see
you later bro yeah from a movie that
went so well usually like open houses
they let you chew her the whole thing
but I'm not even mad about yeah they
just let it measure they said to stay in
a lobby I was like whatever girl bro I
feel ridiculous the best house sell yeah
we even got to see the place we never
got to go into a house that we were
selling before I know this is great
the girl was trying to like lock me out
this is what happens when your
respective real estate agent oh yeah
they wishes ask ya when you sell this
many houses they start to realize it is
so Savage guys and today's post
notification shout-out goes to my boy
Charles Weinman women from Indiana Thank
You Charles so much we're having on post
notifications turned on guys if you want
to post notification shut up turn on my
post notifications and comment when
you're done yo right now I should do a 0
to 60 I got one of you know Chad
weight-reduction we need to get them
o'the time I'm not calling you fat Chad
I'm just saying no I wanted sexy using
alright Jake's body yeah
Oh Oh shot me
aah whoo that was close
I'll plan that YouTube it's been awesome
guys don't drive fast at home seriously
like I've been driving for a while I've
taken courses seriously don't drive fast
and I will see you guys tomorrow because
it's everyday right push make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow please
