everybody jump into the pool whatever
I'm going to say that we're going to
jump in the pool handcuffs instead of me
here in cuffs I'm in a handcuff to
something else and then we bust out the
Taser
good morning Jake haulers oh what's up
guys we're here on the Disney set back
at it again bizarre bark what coughing
my boy Ethan hey man yo yesterday if you
guys watch the vlog you saw that this
dog I adopted it and it's friendly now
and it likes me
hi pixy she's terrified her tail is in
between yo no I think she likes me
fixy stay in here last night and I've
been the new bizarre part dog I don't
know but stay in my room so as you guys
know Ethan here just likes to talk smack
about me all day so even you know I'm
gonna hand you the camera and why don't
you or I could film you and want you to
do your best impression of Jake ball hey
guys big ball of today oh we're gonna go
swimming okay be pretty cool okay you
ready you're oh okay I need to sort of
use just down please just pose it can
you show your ass your butt face your
butt towards the camera that's funny
sure but you're really funny even thank
is that all you got
no you also you also do this you also
want to do this for so out here team ten
plug plug plug plug plug plug he's kind
of right I think we should do more
impression to us we impersonate Logan
Paul I got this on you got this one all
righty the dog is so good I thought you
were Logan for section
good morning okay what a clock I'm a
person a the Martinez thing that I like
subscribe adore I'm going to jump off of
the roof like this almost kills Jake
pause the videos that I like but I'm not
reading for you alright my man is doing
Lukas and markets go
so it's so good all right guys I'm gonna
impersonate Tessa ah oh my god oh my god
I can't believe he did that
oh my god yeah we're fine we're good so
what had happened was I parked in the
wrong spot apparently apparently we got
new parking spots so I gotta move my car
so that I don't get towed hi baby hi how
are you you sing it toes just kid he
just doesn't stop talking smack the
nitrous car that you ever seen what this
is my new parking spot look at this my
name on it
what kind of parking spot is this it's
okay
oh come on Disney oh hey guys what's up
man we didn't make it yet let's go wait
Oh bro yo no respect you Millennials
need to have some respect hey put that
no put my sign back I can't do anything
I'm stuck put it back put it back you
look at God dang it
you want to go up there Myron why not
are you scared I know I'm gonna get in
trouble oh you drew I'm about there I
want to show you guys an overhead view
of the set so you see what it looks like
I'm not allowed to be up here I mean
he's in trouble
this is what all this sense look like a
then so this is the business set this is
where it goes down every day amen
I'm going to the top I want to do like
an overnight challenge or something here
what I'm going to do one of these days
is get a squirt gun and like squirt all
the people stock so guys basically what
you just saw is like the aerial view and
then when cameras are shooting it looks
real looks like a real place like tell
me that doesn't look like a real school
you know I'm saying Hollywood baby
everything's fake including these and
followers guys this is my character set
it's called the dare lair my character's
name is Dirk and he does dares so as you
can see there's really dumb things here
like a chainsaw helmet liquid nitrogen
who who's that I don't know that it
anyways um for mini-me started talking
Oh bleep lips what did you deal with
trampoline they get views my bro they
get views honestly I'm a sour patch kids
I can catch my mouse after throwing it
up I throw them at you alright once you
know it stops up yo yo my hand is too
big for this jar and I have to I have to
vlog I feel like go hey hey success man
will do anything for food all right so
Paulo we are done on set let's see what
happened back at the team ten house ah
whoa yo what's up guys oh hey guys did
you miss me what'd you do today
nothing without you yeah dude bro oh I
got an idea then tomorrow yes come with
me to two bizarre bar no way yeah then
maybe they'll put you on it one day okay
dad what's up what what's up I heard
Birds aardvark is calling I want me to
be honest he said I'm taking over the
show for you yeah I got two trampolines
off the roof I took everything else off
the roof I took this just lying down
cities call sorry for police when I'm
talking every back off you know
my face yes right no but seriously
everyone was like yeah I noticed our
neighbors told us to take this it finds
out we had to take the trampolines off
of the roof we had to do a lot of stuff
hey Nick he's on a business call what a
good guy
good afternoon Kate good afternoon Zig
how are you I'm great did you try to
scare me I didn't help okay okay I
definitely tried to scare that is real
football no yep that's real football
football okay nope nope nope yo you guys
on a prank test huh yeah she's been
slacking you should have been in the
vlogs so it's time to prank her I have I
already have the idea I need to plan it
out so I don't have a single idea what
I'm gonna do is this basic blood we're
gonna do something I got the idea ready
mmm
so I'm going to convince Tessa that
there's this game where you jump into a
pool with a boy and girl handcuffed when
I jump into the pool or whatever I'm
going to say that we're gonna jump in
the pool handcuffs instead of me
handcuffed I'm in a handcuff to
something else and then we bust out the
Taser is help me convince her that this
is like actually a thing we'll do on
YouTube I'm going to be like it's like
the couple's jump into a pool challenge
or so yeah we're gonna move I know yeah
exactly
but in the meantime let's have some fun
open-hand now good what are you doing I
don't feel pain bro dude I've been tazed
before it doesn't affect me why now I
know you're going to do it I'll let you
do it but I'm a whole lot of table just
came to drop it oh yo he's done this is
why I say this is my dad Greg ball he's
a legend
yo you seriously don't feel this oh
nothing
no way good very good same thing
sighs GP and I don't feel pain we tested
this weekend wear snowboarding watch
yeah yeah no no you don't know pain you
actually want me to do it dude I'm
telling you not line told you hole where
he heard the Taser and got a pole dude
do it
what governmental sticker Moorhead yeah
let's do a mash-up challenge we don't
need you Nick so you're setting for
mousetraps sheesh it four-mile stretch
ideas I'm going to take my hand I'm
gonna go all these careful be careful
you know that I'm down at the same time
so all four mile chef's snap at the same
time oh no way but Duchy needed calm
water on hand one of those a cup of
water you hold it in this hand to try to
be steady so you don't point my dad's
we're gonna put all of his fingers and
it's in the mouth shaft and he also
isn't affected by Tasers I taste him and
he doesn't feel it
no my dad such a legend deal yo what are
you doing what are you doing yo dad you
gotta get them time just right
they all go cheap and actually great
what the heck are you doing oh how we do
it whoa now I challenge all Jake powers
to do it no I can never be as cool as my
dad I'm never gonna be a cool assist
with that now yo put that down he's
crazy having Kensie so tiring
famous last words before it all starts
killing everyone so who's next you you
yeah go for it let's put this pen
measure
my dad put has handed that I'm out for
real Tessa Martinez twins and I have a
video idea it's called couples doing
what does it cost ruffles couples like
jumping into a pool with handcuffs or
something I know the exact title the
pool yeah all right guys I'm going to
get into a baby too and Tessa here is
going to get into a baby too and we're
we're going to handcuffs couple jump
into the pool together it's like friends
comfortable but yeah yeah cool you know
she's mine so we just execute enough my
gosh Tessa's changing before we're about
to do this today's post notification
shadow goes to Sergio Ramirez from
Barcelona
Sergio thank you so much for having my
post notifications on guys if you want
to post notifications out I'll turn on
my post notifications and comment when
you're done for a chance to be shouted
out in tomorrow's video let's do this
alright are you ready
okay what's up everybody right now we
are about to do the hand jump into the
pool yeah no no no I didn't realize that
you could just fix about I don't know I
feel bad for her you know
I'm a good guy oh you're good gotta jump
yeah we should let it go that's uh yeah
we're sorry okay oh it's okay no no no
no no all right yeah come on let's go
all right like that saw so guys make
sure seriously though
and make sure to LIKE and subscribe and
I will see you guys tomorrow because
like I love you casa
peace out guys make sure your subscribe
to keep up with my life on a daily basis
and you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
fall to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Church
see you guys tomorrow
