I did wasn't a joke I love to sign out
if this is your dog call me this phone
number I'm gonna give it 24 hours if you
know call she's going to be ours
China China that'll be interesting the
wake up to once he wakes up bed
good morning dad what's up Jake another
your opening Sandman going through the
fan mail check this out yo that is
smooth this out to me made that this is
really cool so we get an impression on
wood
yo is it like a new hobby keep sending
it and a whole bunch more here Buddhist
go through all this love it man G yo it
pretty soon dad you're gonna have your
own fan mail for the Gregg caller
yo mine is blowing up and good morning
Jake Pollard's today is going to be such
an awesome day
stay tuned and yesterday was so much fun
got the snowboard got to drive my car
around hang out with the friends and I
hope you guys also have an amazing day
smile good things are coming your way
stay positive let's do that bang Oh two
of my babies side by side huh oh my god
I love you guys I love each and every
one of you now you you get a suck but I
love you guys doing our see shot isn't
as fun as it looks
whoo coming dad it's cool it looks cool
though super artsy that's right baby
alright guys got the set but you know
hold on
sticking with the artsy theme stay right
here wait a second this is gonna be
really cool now all I have to do is
drive away and then drive back and be
great you boy in my room guys come on in
dead this is where I spent so much time
last year and where I'm spending a lot
of time with you guys that is like super
fun though all the people here are
amazing and there's always like crazy
crazy stuff going on different youtubers
coming on to the show every single week
drops horses live animals explosion
stunts motorcycles get people like my
dad so I'm excited to be able to share
this experience and being on set for
Disney with you guys what did you show
your peeps winners Train losers complain
whoa look at this I can see my car from
here but more importantly look at the
team ten level on top oh don't come
follow me so we're in here for what 30
seconds and Greg powers coming at you
like it subscribe to the best part about
and the worst part is also the food like
look it they just have snack craziness
all over the place yo but like a lot of
times its unhealthy
okay it's you know you made it when you
got cucumbers and lemons and all that
stuff in your water boy guys this is
only one of the food spots there's
another food spot that you'll see in a
little bit it's ridiculous look at
that's the aardvark in bizarre bark it's
all starting to make sense now huh
that's the mascot for bizarre bark we
need one 1810 Holmes we need four of
them four busts Wow father hot or we
need one was at the Greg Pollard's house
you guys have your own house starting
one yeah it's going to be four twins and
Ginger's get ginger right that gingers
rule we're smarter and better-looking
than most people I don't know about that
yo guys so every time I'm on set look at
this yellow thing I don't know
remember this from like the take callers
from earlier vlogs yo this yellow thing
is haunted like it it's in the camera
but it's not there in person and I don't
know what it is yo we're all going to
die
like literally my bathroom is haunted oh
my god ah but the cool part about it is
that I have one of these things well it
used to work
hey guys I'm super excited you're going
to meet some of you have already met the
rest of the cast but we're about to go
do a table read which is basically like
all of you sit around a table and read
the script which I can't show you the
title but you read the script and
practice it to see what's funny what's
not funny blah blah so we're about to go
do a table read and mess around and
you'll see food station number two we
know what's up guys
hey-oh drag it hugs your bro Ethan Ethan
what's up Ethan huh uh what's up bro did
you block me yeah hey man okay okay
Ethan yeah have you seen the world's
coolest car oh let's not look at that do
you see that yeah that's right it looks
like kind of like a soccer mom car well
you have a hip stock yeah yeah you're so
funny Ethan you're funny
is it work I'm just kidding I love him I
love him he's like my little brother
Ethan I'm right here I'm like your older
brother that you never had I have an
older brother I know but I don't see him
anywhere you know so like the good fun
that I never had oh these addresses
Logan and I at the same time oh my gosh
everybody get in we got it and then oh
we got our own sign yo second food spot
oh my god yo yo I'm gonna die so this is
why it's called a table read because we
all sit at a table
and read the script in front of all of
these people it's like a family reunion
everyone loves each other they all say
hi and then I just kind of stand in the
corner like this my dad great kid take
that's a nice jacket is that available
in Bangkok yeah team ten official
dot-com you know
pink camo it's whatever you want one
yeah dude we're right you're my biggest
fan I just hated my back last night
oh cool cool that's normal so that was
fun yes yeah good job guys
go yeah I'll take you guys for riders
everyone down ah yeah one at a time just
go from there to there we don't step on
the wheels when the blue stop that's the
brake yeah no but it's really fancy
break dude jpg' fall yeah I made it you
know I'm saying is gonna get me by
who
I don't know let people I'm gonna kill
whoever vandalized it you listen here
you little kid yo I walk into my room
and there's a little puppy in here yo
what's your name hi what's your name is
enough cutie does it do anything do a
flip Oh like new best friend you know
this dog yeah doors Pixy follow me up
here found in the street yeah what so
you just cut it course I did man I love
animals I couldn't leave the poor thing
out there so we're just gonna keep in
this room I mean we can't family at our
10 favorites exactly great what goes on
comes out good so we actually are
adopting this thing right now
I did wasn't a joke I love to sign out
if this is your dog call me this phone
number I'm gonna give it 24 hours at a
you know call she's gonna be ours
you want to be David you want to be
finished yet you want to get subscribers
I think she's scared right now go wrong
hole Jake poor thing you know just crazy
random stuff happening yeah you don't
know what's going to happen
told you oh hold on look look one of the
fans sent this oh you're way in it yeah
why not looks good on you
sure does Victoria's Secret signed them
up he's a model I walk the other way
know yourself it doesn't hurt around
kind of hungry so let's get some of that
food whoo I'm not the groom give me my
pairs do it oh I just want this kid get
out get out I had a bunch him in the
face to get my pairs back
yeah get my pears but ya know pretty
chill day nothing really happens on set
yeah I got followed Greg Collins you're
on at great call grasp all succeed react
all 63 and rich oh no don't
everyone tries to use my youtube as a
plug yo always fun you got you gotta
plug every scar so you so you want to
come out here to take a picture with me
in my car no because he knows that
whenever you post with me it gets the
most likes on its profile so not you yes
I want to take the picture with the war
take it okay yeah I'll take it
Ethan wants me to be a mistress because
they know they get him more like go get
my blog you know I won't record it I
don't record it there zebra like turkey
for lunch
hey what do you say you get away from
the car wait hold on hold this these are
gonna watch this is what I have to deal
with yo yo literally I'm gonna punt you
if you climb on my car ever take you
okay don't you don't mind if I climb in
the fryer yo yo how many followers you
have maybe he's right oh wow you're
gonna scare me wow really predictable hi
binky you know has anyone called about
the dog yet
no I think we're gonna end up keeping
her KC you want to come pixie Paul you
do I mean I'm down I'm super down she's
down she's been snuggling with me in my
lap I would have probably loving me guys
about to finish up on set and then going
to meet up with my brother at you'll see
you'll see yo yo yo what's up guys how
was your guys's day did you miss me yeah
yo you know I know Molly's okay cool
he's weird and ain't nothin but a hound
dog
Oh what so very much
in the description yeah why stuff well
if you want to see some top secret that
is all okay okay oh look what I got guys
this is for a video I can't tell you
what it is but make sure you're
subscribed so you see it and come back
every day if your chick baller this
videos be so much fun probably going to
do it this weekend alright peeps let's
meet up with again oh oh what's up dude
oh stop Logan we're at screening for
airplane mode oh where oh I saw this
there's myself head screw your vlog bro
yo I love you this is how we vlog yo
you're blinding me I can't see airplane
mode screening guys this is a movie that
we've been working on for like two years
I wrote it helped produce it can't wait
to see it we can't show you guys it's
coming out soon they'll be ready bro I
mean I'm out here this camera is
supposed to be this close to basically
yo dope right our dad was here too yeah
we did that I made you guys he's
important
what kind of vlog camera is that you
vlog the crowd awesome are you what you
vlog Oh what kind of cameras that's all
first up okay get out of my face all
right what are those hug you foggy was a
big camera now bro well I have to how
about this huh like cameras all one's an
eagle one big one oh yeah we small ones
doesn't equal 1 we love it why would you
do that
vlog yo it's still fine well yeah why
would you throw a perfectly fine camera
at the wall this is your main one you
have to wear I'm a blogger that's my boy
throw my camera I got you good I got ya
oh my god that's on a wheel I'm working
it and you to our door I don't know you
I haven't seen you what else am I going
to do this my watch
no way every day bro yo we're making
moves out here she's grabbing my ass you
guys you're pointing here my ass my dad
such a fit nice meeting you
bye Jay Paul it's so late out here every
single day today's post notifications
shout-out goes to Kansas William Kansas
thank you so much for having my post on
this occasion
guys you want to post on vacation shout
out all you have to do is turn on my
post on vacations and comment when
you're done okay haulers I will see you
guys tomorrow because it's everyday
front turn make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 sure see
you guys tomorrow
peace
