oh my god everybody I just woke up and
right now Ken we're going to fill this
trashcan with snowballs
and wake up is good be so pissed but
also look at Bay yo oh it looks so good
all those to the chapel oh my god oh my
god
oh my god wait oh come on I'm sorry I
love you say it back no come on guys
let's go snowboarding good morning there
yo what's up how are you good how are
you can't we killed that meeting at you
daddy which means we have respect I
appreciate that that clearly came from
you and that Jake hey calm down now you
know want to turn this into a fight
let's kind of turn this into a snowball
fight
oh my god yo retreat retreat you what
the door oh this is a lot I mean oh
we're screwed
yo oh my god okay we're sorry
I choose true oh my god they're coming
back fighters going wrong is they we're
having a snowball fight and I'm just
like oh look at this it looks so cool
mister No secure the bag alert guys if
you haven't seen yesterday's vlog I do
my new car reveal so go check that out
alright Chad you got to someone huh yeah
go I need you on this - I went in okay
Oh
oh wow we got it we won we want to well
time to go no boarding yeah hold this
we're gonna change it don't you three
two one okay all right I need to
snowboard whoa okay ballers were here
check that out oh my god the mountain
looks amazing yo chatter you ready to
stretch bro and I'll rough a week and I
want to say thank you for inviting I got
you we've outgrown it you're gonna hit
that halfpipe I think I am all right
guys it's a super super super snowy up
there so I'm switching cameras oh let's
do this thing else we're so out here
hahaha
Martinez wins so I lost you where were
you guys
is there first time ever in the snow and
if your engine - have you tried to eat
it yet don't try it it's really good the
American food ah
what come on what are you doing bro you
don't like that are you guys good at
skiing yeah are you good the best what
are the odds that you are go down
service ready wait wait go down yeah put
on where come on come on yeah do it out
of five oh yes what'd you do it you have
it right okay all right otherwise yeah
at least one two three four
it's still cold up here before he's
actually gonna do it all right do it
we're just gonna go straight to the
bottle and give me my stuff you oh yeah
you hold of stuff you know okay you're
allowed to leave you're allowed to leave
your gloves well regardless of your
fitting or without the helmet take one
we both I'm going on this Melanie
shirtless everybody okay ready dude
looky whoo only one strap from style
points ready
okay post notification shout out goes to
Christina Williams thank you Christina
so what's driving my notifications on
guys
you want to know speech setup turn on my
post-up escape in the comment when
you're done it's really cool
you
no I'm chillin yeah the sun's out I get
a hand okay koala move on to step off
the notch it's been a fun day be ready
for some speed
oh yeah we told you guys expect some
speed we're back from Big Bear killing
it
hello hello who feels good to be back at
the t10 headquarters guys Tessa what's
up did you miss me did you actually
bring it in what what do you say no okay
yeah okay dad how is the drive back
that's great man
I mean I'm a beach so German is what I
do okay cool I save him so badiy I must
write the car
what no no no what feels like ah what
happened no no there was a car coming
I'm like no no knew it look whatever
please Abbi forgot anyways but I was
going to reverse yeah guys just got back
but before that I washed my car
you know just gotta take care baby man
have you seen my car yet I saw your vlog
yet so dope
do you what your Jake Waller yeah dope
yes huh who is this oh lucky man
nerf right someone left that hmm yeah
you seem good funny no real no Oh yo yo
oh my god you are drop Oh China guys I'm
exhausted but I will see you tomorrow
because it's every day bro bro please
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on a daily basis and you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
