there's one thing it's important and
welcome to another crazy day people it's
fun to get ah but yo yo but yo if you're
new here I'm Jake Paul you guys aren't
the Jake Pollard's and like I said this
is the most lit YouTube channel on
YouTube period if you haven't already
joined the Jake Pollard team what are
you doing cuz I said subscribe binds
right now boom so y'all just became a
part of today's journey maybe it's about
to be a crazy one so put your vlog belts
on and get ready for today's
rollercoaster ride and get ready to
become a part of the team ten families
hey that is the squad team ten guys
welcome to the family if you haven't
been keeping up with us lately um
yesterday we went snowmobile
hey things got lip with them guys during
that whole process we met some legend
named Bob he's don't roll the clip hey
that's my dude Bob burgers which makes
me kind of miss the statue Bob back at
the Calabasas house guys I'm I'm
starting to miss LA Ashman is cool the
last but it's cool and I'm do only one
let's go
but then guys also yesterday I kinda
wanted to see it okay however yesterday
uh Eric and I played a little game to
see if we're in love with each other
it kind of went bad roll the clip she
waited for my answer no that's um that's
a messed up I think I Masada's ever this
is old as you guys could tell that made
things really awkward and actually like
after that happened it kind of like
started a fight in real life between
Eric and I which kind of brings me to my
next point because we're still fighting
and it's not good guys we haven't talked
yet today and like yo Alice like might
need your guy's help
like resolving this thing okay like I
know you're good with yours I'm gonna
save this if it's the last thing I do
I'm gonna try and resolve this drama
with Erica it's fun up a bunch of other
stuff like actually like but don't let
that side wreck you from the litmus guys
because it's chances first day no
boarding ever and now would you say
things are going well I think they're
going pretty well about a couple times
you know roll the clip
as you can tell guys things are going
super super well for chance you know my
54 year old dad is actually a better
snowboarder than chance and Anthony
combined Greg Paul's in the building and
Gavin is in the building guys the last
time I was with Gavin you put the
world's hottest chip into one of my chip
bags I'm still not over it bro every
time I watch that video of the chip I
can still feel the heat and I want to
throw up
however guys we did lose the rest of the
squad I've been looking for Erica she's
somewhere here on this mountain and I
might need your advice and help later on
what to do with our with our fight you
know what I'm saying cuz you know a lot
about that you're divorced and actually
you know what I'm probably not gonna ask
you for the advice anyways guys if
you're in Aspen they have this like
winter look at this thing literally
think your dad's alliteration quote it's
like a winter roller coaster and you
know how he don't want to send it let's
go silly
yeah we're filling out the waivers to be
able to do this thing my dad said I was
born one 1795 I'm glad you love me Dad
are you from Australia yeah not only is
Bella from Australia
she's from Sydney Australia which kind
of makes me miss assistant Sydney you
know my dad and I decided to go together
that's right it's his birthday president
we're bonding
we definitely need this bonding
experience cuz he doesn't know what year
I was born there's a weight limit put
your put my seatbelt on or put my vlog
build up see what I did there
alright guys here we go you know this
thing is actually intense look at this
Ashman is definitely one of the most
beautiful places I've ever been but I'm
not dumb live in sin dig oh snap this is
about to be me this is about the
we're back
you do it so fast it's so fast look at
this shower right now oh my god oh my
god oh my god
going back check Pollux this is next up
I've never done something this fun I
love it
I wish you guys are here with me hey
what's up guys
Victor come here Oh
yes yes yes
Spade baby hey yo that was alliteration
like have you guys written that bro you
guys got to get on there I know the Jay
Paul are savages and you guys gotta go
fast we all want to go fast
Ethan bro what see Erica where I see
Eric okay which is right oh I'm gonna go
off to her and see if I can resolve I'll
let you know how it goes all right all
right I'll be over here
i snowboarding
okay what a chat
we hit we get talk later yeah what does
that mean bro no it means that she's not
happy with you right now so we're gonna
get a little bit chocolate and we'll
have a conversation with her what about
roses too yeah that's too much okay
okay thank ya didn't you say you weren't
gonna go to would help heal things
between us you said you wanted to talk
later and so we just had to give some
time and I brought team ten here and I
don't force my divorced parents that
probably don't know much about
relationships to help me you know get
over this this fight with Erica that's a
big mistake bringing I mean I guess I
was into you weren't a mistake by
accident yeah however what were you
fighting about well both well there's no
fight it's all
your interpretation of the word is that
I just want to say one more thing
Nathan you're fired I'm over here Jenna
for you - so good did you say you niggas
hair looks so good
yes no my god let's just know we're back
there's one thing that's important let's
say it oh my god no no go on a date with
me tonight
all right so awkward nice cap yourselves
on the hottest merch in the gamepad's
Ratko backslash shake Paul the port day
sweatshirt is available for one more -
alright but actually join the strongest
team on YouTube specialist stephaan then
we will see you tomorrow because hold on
hold on what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive marg exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
