how was it oh he does I'm alive I'm
alive
whoa good morning Jake ballers we are
out here in Los Angeles dad Oh help me
enjoy my vlog good morning Jake powers
what's happening he's a vlog dad it's
whoo yo guys my dad is out here today is
going to be so awesome we have a lot of
stuff planned San Diego snowboarding
getting my car doing business stuff
let's go
good morning Martinez twins I uh I
brought some guests from that thing you
know some questions are just better off
not to be answered mr. Teske we had to
go snowboarding we got to go to San
Diego what are you doing come on come on
come on oh my gosh 20 kids one day we
were in the dope montage earlier yeah
but we didn't start the FAL all the
arnica what's up nothing
you about to fly this yes up girl Koji
koji are here I'm with Caleb Maddox AE
let's see what we got oh my gosh y'all
it's so clean
that's sick the trampolines on the roof
yo so my dad whenever I introduced him
to people I say this is my dad he's a
legend now there's a reason look he like
just met my friends and like look at
they're like having the best time of
their lives he's just like they're all
so intrigued by the stories that he
tells my dad is a legend yo are you guys
best friends yet yeah we're um a book
come out oh my god legendary they have a
book coming out for whatever no you're
from the Midwest and you just bust out
an extensive you're going to start
rapping like Midwest boys know how to
wrap up an extensive cable now ladies
out there young Jake Poehler ladies
don't marry a boy if he doesn't know how
to wrap a cable keeper on the Midway
good morning next is how's your morning
doesn't seem very good you're not having
a good morning why not count me one that
it just stuck gonna go like this
well did you see that behind you yeah
all right yo I'm here with my boy Caleb
Maddox up if you don't okay love you're
doing it wrong he is a 15 year old
cabbage entrepreneur motivational
speaker he'll drop some knowledge or
inspiration on the Jake Pollard's what's
up Jake Pollack I saw here today listen
the gun that kills the most people the
gonna don't say you're gonna write a
book you're going to do this you're
gonna comma fat take action today my
friend oh okay
no I live it in my blog yesterday I told
him I was like I talked about how I
almost died one time yeah and that
wanted to like inspire them to go out
and do what they want to do that's right
and you just said the same thing so you
know maybe maybe it's your mind saying
we're together on this that's one thing
guys we're up for someplace off-road
yeah and we're up to something sample I
thought that's nothing you know we're
not going to tell you what it is you'll
find out eventually it's pretty late
you're going to probably find out and
let's do that
you know did you ask you go ahead a guy
yeah I ran out of gas
time me I'm about to do this yeah why
you buy a truck Midwesterners got gas
unlocked yet another Midwestern thing
that you need to learn if your boyfriend
doesn't have extra gas dumping is only a
little sketchy so we learned that
Midwestern know how to wrap cables and
also carry gas on their whip Oh glasses
are hindering my performance it's like a
NASCAR pitstop
how you want to do run out of gas though
like here comes a bus tell me what touch
it you won't touch it
all these words we have water too if
your boyfriend doesn't have water jump
him take a bang baby
Thank You Ricky Bobby ain't first you're
last
oh good the only thing that slowing us
down is the right and woodson gas is
coming out of this a polling site hurry
up damn take the cola follow it on
Instagram so just for you to give your
son a lesson about filling up the car on
time as a society I tried to tell him
but he doesn't listen I'm just so busy
logging that so time for gas if chicks
guns and fire trucks no matter what you
do it it's going to be fun but you need
a gas in your fire truck or truck in
general well I'm Greg Paul man I'm a
savage I always can't forget your son on
the other hand well technically he
always has gas as well that's your fault
now how do you run out of gas in England
this is something we like to call
running out of gas because Jake isn't it
is okay now Oh God Ivan definitely not
like we're in the desert
not bleep it whoa can you bake baby we
just finished filming for a secret
project we are working on now it is time
to go get my car it is all pimped out
guys I am so excited I've been waiting
for my baby driving down to San Diego
and then we're going snowboarding let's
go Jake polar three big baller crew now
departing for San Diego oh wow
y'all convoy is gonna see guys were here
at s D wrap what my car's not getting
done for four more hours so I texted
tanner who lives in San Diego and I was
like you know bring your GTR we'll go
fast
we'll drift will do stuff we'll have fun
and yeah that sounds like a flippin vlog
bro I'm so excited I stay tuned for the
car reveal I've been waiting for this
moment for so long excited let's do this
oh my god please please tanner guys I
might have to tag him to be able to
drive it oh ah oh my gosh
okay I'm gonna steal administer it
alright take it to you oh hey come over
here yeah we're alright what's up bro
did you talk about something yo just yet
yeah oh hey I like this really cool
looking on I kind of really want huh
yeah
oh-ho do too dude yo just started back
to life you came back to life
I think it's so fluffy yo how was you
guys drive ease it was not as sexy as
that thing hey dad why man oh hey
Martinez what do you think about this
car for girls
tenderly take me for rides steady race
course back there I wanna go fast buddy
what no pay it but anything hands these
guys all you subscribers follow me so
fat anyway
yo it's way too fast you're dangerous oh
okay yeah I love you
yeah good good you only go back oh
please mama waiting okay alright okay
oh that was only 25 what
175 and you're done
real quick Lou this couple we went there
and bad we went there and back before
they ever got was like ten because not
that you're going oh good flames Oh
oh yeah how was it oh he does I'm alive
I'm alive
this flame like Charizard it's like
Charizard like this you've got to people
drive it yeah yo the Jake callers are
special oh my god I get two jokes you
can adjust the seat and mirrors as you
pleasure tell me I really don't need
ears you know when I talk to exhaust
wasn't open before so it was for us
but I got to open every time you turn
the car why just like I smell just
secret well yeah here I go here you go
game drive and ready to go Oh dope bro I
love the leather steering
wow this is a this is a car
oh my god like a it's like a go-kart
full like I'm thinking think of a big
goal car right it's rational yeah so
mine paddles yeah Wow whoa whoa I'm a
new man then launch control yeah it was
just so much traction oh no wait mother
Jesus ha ha ha
I'm buying what
the best thing I've ever done in my life
I've driven like a stingray Lamborghini
or Ferrari
I beat Reggie Chivers no good no kicking
GTR virginity and we're home safely bro
thank you so much Santa yeah no problem
I feel feel great you know I mean yeah
you can drive my car come on
yes only burn your clutch good fun yeah
yeah even get anyone here do that for a
nice sake please baby Jesus
you know when professional drivers drive
your car like I can sign it if you want
and Sharpie can you can you just kick it
it's an audience I'll sign it right here
I would rather a big dent Oh laughs
desire for memories I was hoping to sign
up the other song guys my car is getting
closer and closer to being done we've
killed some time but it's still not
ready uh but we're going to show you
some of their other cars that they have
here that are sick guys this is the
stuff that's going on to my car I can't
look at it though I can't look at it yo
did you look at my car for me so we're
there right I can see it oh you have it
look no I'm not gonna look until it's
done wait till you see it it's nice you
in here when they started it no it
sounds so good I'm just gonna get lit
bro you can't walk-in away walking away
about to show you guys my car but in the
meantime
is it done yeah it's done come check it
out I'm so ready okay guys I got three
things before I show you the car and
before I like look at it first thing as
you guys know today's post notification
shout-out goes to Matt Stewart Matt
thank you so much for having my post
notifications on guys if you want to
post notification shout out all you have
to do is turn on my notifications and
comment when you're done the second
thing I want to give a big thanks to
this guy thank you so much here at let
me let me put something into perspective
right now time is it right now 11:30
11:30 on a Saturday night here M p.m.
p.m. and it kind of goes along with with
my motto which is you got to want it
like we're both here late night working
on our passion it's like we want to do
it right exactly I want to be that's all
I'm saying yo and so yeah I want to give
it a big thanks without you it would
have been possible and I'm so excited
for this right here and without the Jake
polish this wouldn't be possible so I'm
going to put the links to all their
stuff in the description and show them
love you know the Jake Waller army they
got you this is the first of many
projects oh I know okay we're just
getting warmed up we got this printer
sister coma everything and guys thirds
the third thing I'm a look at the car
like I still haven't seen it yet okay
ready are you guys going to pull it in
or something yeah you know are you ready
for this role we've been waiting all day
for this moment a lot of them ready oh
they're all ready
yeah about wow I don't deserve that
oh my god it's so sick chickpeas and
what is this you guys he's going on oh
my gosh I'm hit mom I made it
high five i flipping 5 yo - 5 yo it's
just beautiful where I'm going I want to
I need to rev it up oh my god a it's
been so long I'm like laughing right
it's Rick
you guys murdered it yeah there's just
so much like detail like every little
line with thought up guys look at how
fat this new exhausted today has been
such an awesome Carson yo Jake Wallace
this is a car I dedicate this one to you
guys yo all the things that you want me
to do with this car I'm going to do it
there are so many video ideas that are
going to come out of this zero-to-sixty
launch control hitting top speed
drifting putting girls in the driver's
seat in florentine their reaction I mean
who doesn't love that guys stay tuned
for that make sure you guys subscribe
and again I want to get huge thanks to
SP rep for putting this all together
garage works for all the lighting and
stuff and H and ACG automotive for doing
all the performance stuff guys thank you
thank you so much Jake Pollard's and
thank you to you guys because without
you this wouldn't be possible I will see
you guys tomorrow
we're going to Big Bear to go
snowboarding so stay tuned for that
movie live
how awesome is this it's every day bro
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on a daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow peace
