what's up day flawless we're here a
little bit different on the vlog today
it's a lot different of a blog today I
don't know why this but I just got this
urge to create this video and in the
blog you know I feel like they could do
whatever I want them to be sometimes
it's following their lives of on us
sometimes it's doing crazy stuff like
shelise double chop chop
but today I want to talk about something
deeper something that maybe a lot of you
don't know that happened to me something
that taught me a huge lesson that I want
to share with you guys so based off of
the title you're probably like what is
going on
Jake almost died and yes that is true
what happened okay good question a
little bit more than a year ago I was
very very very into motorcycles I
started off on small motorcycles you
know doing wheelies having fun zipping
around the block but eventually I got
really good at them could do wheelies
like pretty much whenever I wanted
there was super super fun and it was
something that I did as a hobby I still
love motorcycles
I want to get one soon but eventually is
that motorcycle riding progressed and I
was like I want more I want more speed I
want to do bigger stunts my parents my
mom my dad pretty much everyone around
me was like Jason you shouldn't be doing
this like you're going to kill yourself
and being I was think of eighteen years
old at the time I didn't listen to them
and I didn't listen to what they had to
say and I was like yeah you're probably
right but you know I'm invincible on
this young you know young gun invincible
guy and that turns out to not be true
I bought a bright-red thousand CC double
our motorcycle which is like the faxes
that you can get super speedy super cool
looking and so it was really awesome I
learned how to ride it and eventually I
started doing really is down the street
going like 90 miles per hour just like
dumb things that were too far somewhat
reckless and everyone kept on saying to
me on a jig stop you need to stop doing
this blah blah and I still didn't listen
eventually I got more and more confident
and better at riding so one day I was
out just enjoying my stroll on my
motorcycle and I always tried to
who record me riding just because if
someone hit me in case I sell for
whatever reason I would just report and
I was up in the Hollywood Hills where
it's twisty and turny and I was getting
really confident going around the turn
laying my bike down like really close to
the road pushing the limits like I
shouldn't have been doing and I have the
video recorded which is called as a
thumbnail an intro of the video which
I'm going to show you and explain what
happened and explain what happened after
what happened that made sense and going
around the turn flooring it until I came
to a speed bump so I hit a speed bump
and just seen the video I go flying up a
little bit and sort of panic and then
there's a tight turn coming up on the
right so I put on my brakes when I put
on my brakes like I said it's in the
Hollywood Hills and the hills have you
know debris and rocks and stuff fall off
of them under the road and I put on my
brakes the back tire slid island group
of rocks I go like this and I go flying
off and it was at that moment that like
I realized that everyone and everything
that people were saying to me they were
right and it was one of the scariest
things I wasn't in control of anything I
said I learned a lot in that moment
right as I was flying off of the bike I
noticed in the corner of my eye there
was a car coming around the turn if it
weren't for that car I probably would
have just been fine like flew off maybe
hit the curb rolled off the side of the
road
and you don't have whatever damages but
when I realized the car I was like wow
I'm probably going to die like that's
what came to my mind what it taught me
is is two things listen to people that
are wiser than you and older than you
with more credence because they know
there's a reason why they're telling you
that so for the most part like parents
when they're telling you these things
it's specific experience something
they're trying to prevent you from
making that same mistake that they may
be made when they were a kid and done
that to just be parent so it could be
teachers your mentors your coaches
whoever it is your older brother your
older sister they're likely telling you
for a reason but it's important that
that you listens on the new respect what
they're saying and this is what I'm sort
of learning like throughout my years of
time the second thing that I learned was
to live life like it's the last day
you're going to be on earth and that
sounds so cheesy but when when I was in
that moment I realized that there was so
many things that I wanted to do in life
that I haven't done yet
it was this feeling of like
dissatisfaction and disappointment in
myself I thought myself like I wish I
would have just done these things
already and after the moment happened I
realized that there was no reason for me
to not do those things like regardless
of what they were I could have done them
already
and so after the accident I set out to
accomplish those things and spend every
single day working towards those things
so that if I died I would die happy in
those last moments and this is like
these guys I am not only like this I
think this video can help motivate you
guys
to follow your dreams act now on them
and live every single day like it is
potentially your last so that when you
die in those last moments you know that
you died with a purpose and you left a
mark on this world I want to show you
the video so you could see what happened
and hopefully it inspires you because it
happened like this and hopefully it
inspires you because Lily and lessen
your years of existence can ending in 10
seconds uh-huh
I hate repressing but it's true and and
me going through this moment should be a
lesson to you guys so you don't have to
go through that moment but you still
understand why it's so important to live
every day like it's your last check it
out
that is hard to watch it's like so it's
so nerve-racking on that car that was
coming around the turn it's tired its
front tire stop like if this was my head
it like went onto my head and then my
rolls back down like my head got ran
over by a car
what's that a helmet on luckily I had
all the protective gear on I got up I
was like blacked out like I didn't know
what was going on I was in like a ton of
pain like five people were saying are
you okay and you know Kenny bump off my
motorcycle was still running again like
making all these noises and luckily my
friends were like a couple cars behind
me and they get out of the car they like
as they call 911 one I was like sitting
on the side of the curb like still not
really knowing what was going on and it
was like so scary I was able to stand up
I laid on the ground for a second and I
was like what just happened am i okay am
i alive all I saw was like the sky and I
was able to actually stand up and walk
away from that moment that forever
changed the way that I live thankfully
the only thing that happened was my back
was all I quitted my shoulders were
messed up I had a concussion but nothing
like officially happened Angela's came
and I was like no I'm fine I'm fine
the next day I had to like go to New
York and so I knew I couldn't go to the
hospital and I knew that I was like
going to be fine but the severity of
like accident like easy go
frame-by-frame like you see me fly off
the bike
you can see the car like roll up right
to my head and then the GoPro light go
to a different angle
the only thing like the only like
however you hear that that's from the
wrong thing I don't know what it is but
like yeah that's like the only thing
that happened and so I am so lucky to be
able to walk away from that and that's
why I encourage you guys to do those two
things listen to people who are wiser
than you because there's a reason
they're telling you those things and go
out there and live every single day like
it's your last make a difference and
flippin murder it Jake Paulus it's
everyday bro do something every single
day that is going to make you guys a
flippin legend choose the colors animals
I don't know I don't know
but guys I know this vlog is different
than what you're used to but I think
it's super important and I want to do
things like these more in the future
like updates I'm going to get my car
tomorrow
then we are going to snowboarding my dad
gets here tonight
tomorrow's lots of these insane these
hacks are coming out soon you guys
killing it I start shooting Disney soon
you guys know that and I will see you
guys tomorrow
because it's everything problem make
sure you're subscribe to keep up with my
life on the daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
