what's up dick polish so we are one mile
away from his house they said though
that when he is in town the place is
flooded with Secret Service and there's
like roadblocks my god everyone else is
asleep so good morning how'd you sleep
okay so I just heard Tessa walk down the
stairs go to once all the porn
good morning Tessa good morning Jake
ballers how are you I hope you are
having a wonderful day don't forget to
smile stay happy and oh yeah flippin
kill it well good morning Jake Paulus I
am on the way to Disney right now I'm
gonna be there for a little bit of time
have to try on some clothes as we start
shooting next week for bizarre vark so
I'm super excited about that and uh you
know hopefully I can go to San Diego
later on to hit my car I need it so bad
my dad is coming into town tomorrow
things are so awesome what's next oh yo
why am i in a school what is this yo
just kidding this upset everything's
fake Hollywood's fake oh wow look at
these lockers
oh yeah nope fake take everything fake
hello hello I'm here to try on clothes
oh my god I'm out wait so this is a
giant tub of popcorn and it's for me
it's like a it's like a hundred dollars
bug no way
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna take this now
all right I'm gonna try on a ton of
clothes so instead of boring you with
that process look at how many clothes as
a try on I'm just gonna be right back yo
LJ is that a je crois phone case are you
a fan it caught
hey Devore job bro why you sitting out
here and not mingling with all the
people over there I'm sitting in the
relevant area this is the relevant area
breathe it in can I sit here what hey
Disney kids gotta love them why are we
in trouble okay because that's what it
looks like right now you look like my
principal Leo I'll see you guys later
bye I didn't leave sorry alright guys I
don't know what we're gonna do next but
man kickball right yo how did I meet you
though with the babies I don't want the
babies yeah how - oh yeah I'm on a show
what show bizarre dark Oh they film here
yeah it's right there they filming this
building here what are you doing here I
thought you're babysitting no no no no
0% chance
yo look at this view though the cool
little spy here yeah come with me we're
going to meet with somebody about video
you're doing Oh Oh guys I want to talk
about Oh guys wait I'm working on a
really really big video have a meeting
about that right now - you'll see the
video you'll see it'll be a vlog one day
one of these days be right back yo yo so
sick should I try and climb that just do
it right I'm going to try and climb this
hope they don't
they'll never know
it's like a whole nother world up here
okay guys since I'm going to be on set a
lot one of these dogs I'm going to like
build a fort up there or something
Mack
yeah what I was sick it's like a whole
nother world you know and then there's
like a ladder that goes to the roof I'm
definitely on a climate one day I
literally went all the way up in there
really yeah good meetings now back to
the team tent house let's go Oh what is
up people
Martinez twins yo guys what like are you
guys scared of anything
yeah like what new crimson chasers
Tasers the Taser yeah you don't like the
Taser do you I don't think anyone likes
the Taser anything else anything else
yeah versus one pillow person who is an
extra this is laughs that is exactly
where I wanted the conversation to go
because I knew you guys are scared of
him you're scared of him because he
might send you guys back to Spain that's
why you're scared right yeah now when we
leave here but how can he send you if he
doesn't live here hmm
yeah do you understand yeah yeah we put
his house fuck come on now guys Jake
Polish I'm a wee bit nervous we're
actually doing that no not the white
house so guys the thing is Donald Trump
has many houses right no one really
knows like which one he's at probably
spends most of his time in New York and
now at the White House
eventually the White House will be sold
but we are going to sell Donald Trump's
house here in Los Angeles and so I was
looking it up and they said that when he
is there the whole entire place is just
surrounded by security guards and Secret
Service and why I'm nervous
is because for the day one Jake
Pollard's know when I slept in the White
House the Secret Service came after me
and like interrogated me and now I'm on
a watch list so I kind of just bring
down to be doing this you know I figured
I had to be done what do you think of
this idea I'm also scared of going okay
yeah because he might send you he might
send you to the UK so this just became a
personal matter I'm doing this for my
brother
from my nick from my Martinez twins for
everyone else out there who you know I
got you guys air fist bump
no Nick I am NOT doing I'm not saying it
because I'm then I'm involved Nick I
need you to say it I need you to say it
you're looking for me as well as Oh nope
because the house is gonna be gone bro
Donald Trump's house up for sale
amazing let's hear your British accent
not bad Jake Pollard's Martinez twins
Dez are you coming to sell Donald Trump
huh
yeah let's fucking do this quick changes
in shots we are about to go to Home
Depot to get the sign per usual aisle 12
you know what I'm saying so it should be
pretty crazy I'm still like super
worried somewhat about the Secret
Service just like I don't know what I
don't know what to expect what do you
think like we're gonna make realistic
grade again that was a funny joke let's
do it we are coming for you Trump
catch me outside how about there don't
know if you can see it's probably an
airport you yeah right there is savage
you know Donald Trump so if you're
watching this I don't want to be in this
thing you know
what are the odds you'll look back do
they like this you like it yeah love you
yeah you do
thanks for well ah we're putting Donald
Trump's house for Samuel really yeah
yeah they're like donuts Trump do like
Donald you know what if you want to come
with us
you want to come like that quick well
and I are going to be selling that'll
jump out makes me like into distress
virtually in the vial today caller is
everyday always like hi you didn't even
care oh oh that's a call that's an
incoming call
I'm igual I love you okay guys what's up
dick polish so we are one mile away from
his house we did like a Google search it
was pretty easy to find they said though
that when he is in town the place is
flooded with Secret Service and there's
like roadblocks so I guess we're going
to find out they said the articles were
saying that it's across the street from
the Beverly Hills Hotel which is right
there we're gonna kind of scattered out
first but we found some pictures of it
on Google we passed it now we're going
to turn around and I go by it slowly but
yeah this is what it looks like like a
really big compound literally like right
off one of the main roads in town which
is weird this like corner over here look
at how crowded like this place is this
one on the corner like right here where
these gates are
9 yeah dude yeah like a fat camera to be
outside my house oh there's someone in
there did you see that doing somebody in
there we thought somebody in there okay
now we're going around the back all
right it's like all gated off
the window
hi
this is your moment bro come on I got
you guys go let's go around the back
side okay jump in it jump in the
driver's seat
Martinez come on we're gonna see if we
can get like the backyard view here let
me get on your shoulders you can go it's
so big
other people there's people yeah yeah
they're right here in this window I find
the hammock limit hold'em throw is no
big
Oh Joe where you ask us you're gonna get
deported bro jump look at these people
look at the guy here look at they're
both right here Stone woman he probably
just has like a lot of family Shh
person they're going to deport you guys
clearly he isn't here because the Secret
Service would be like surrounding this
whole thing should I see if I can touch
the pool all right ready
guys I'm gonna I'm gonna yell Donald I
love you and then we run okay get ready
to run yeah Donald Donald I love you we
love you Donald vasila the mark you know
Trent you can stay Wow look at these
cameras that they have outside of his
house oh we did it
I thought Martinez twins you can stay
yeah yeah now right now yeah you're
happy yes yeah
China hey Chyna Justin what are the odds
that you get out in front of the car in
front of us and you just give them as
little striptease 20 one two three four
Oh interesting
yeah just in whoo
take it all off
take it all our bed yeah so dizzy Oh
what were they look what are they doing
they were just taking their head well
your window down
did you like that is that a good one oh
god they're not house madam why are you
so mad yogi believing a smile or the
Jake polish smile yeah stop learning
Spanish oh why because then I'll be the
only one who doesn't know Spanish guys
today's notification shout-out goes to
Caleb Joaquin from Maryland Calum thank
you so much for having my post
notifications turned on guys if you want
a shout-out turn on my post
notifications comment when you are done
and I will see you guys tomorrow because
you forgot the Peace Park say it again
say it again all of it just as Peace
Park please make sure your subscribe to
keep up with my life on a daily basis
and if you want to see more content
check out yesterday's vlog because it is
super lit plus I have a second channel
Jake Paul to which you guys can
subscribe to right now and if you want
to see more content from everyone in the
house our group channel is called team
10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
