supplies trampoline let's build yo so
the plan is to put wheels on this put it
behind my truck and then tow it through
the traffic that's cool right I'll get a
lot of use right because we have night
hike oh listen what do you think good
idea okay let's do it oh yo I got it on
run run we are trying to buy materials
we have no idea what we're doing
we're basically going to rig this
trampoline the back my truck with wheels
under and pull it around in traffic but
like it's actually so much more
complicated when you start to do it you
know what I mean yeah I'm used to be.we
clowning me
$3.99 it's not for any other guys for
free
potential there will be a drastic
traveling tonight feel free to jump and
possibly get rid of it because it's
everyday like mercury and by thank you
what are we going over the whole thing
got a plug yo mobbing back says on the
speaker attention jake parlors don't
call me no get a number tad girl bye
y'all apple you want she's not having it
you looking cute almost what are you
done she's rejected his phone
conversation over speaker yeah
not only speaker phone that's like
megaphone supplies trampoline let's
build yo
look how a ratchet this is give me so
dangerous
yo that vlogging camera oh it's got a
screen on the front a better camera and
I guess you guys his name said we need
to reevaluate our vlogging everybody
like stuff kind of look anything yes you
could not resolve our yeah oh I'm just
playing man I don't got anything ha ha
ha I hate you or did I cut something
around the sides around the corner well
I was doing one of these pranks one time
someone moved and I Loki cut a little
bit off so this is how far we've come ah
we have no idea what we're doing that I
really don't think this is about to work
oh my god this is so flippin ratchet I'm
gonna drive it in see if it rolls
do you even blog you don't blog guys
today's post notifications shout out
ghost to shark tank for to to shark tank
I don't know what your real name is but
thank you so much for having my post
under vacations on guys if you want to
post notification shout-out turn on my
post notification and comment when you
work at chat you drive Emilio you vlog
inside the car Yvonne you record with
this camera on the side I'll jump on the
trampoline Kade Oh what is this I so
come on now still learning guys Katie
you're owning yeah yeah
Jake you're bouncing okay so I'm
bouncing yeah but real talk if I get a
ticket oh my god pay for it I'm not a
successful vlogger like you um yo
anyways ah
make sure you get a picture that license
plate I haven't gotten that yet I just
want to get a picture of the whole tree
yeah just get the license plate two
street one take pollard's zero yeah some
boy these happy people do happy things
hi you watch them oh thank you hi so
what about you do you do anything
no-pros some people are salty and some
people is to have a great outlook on
life you see something like that yo jump
on that trampoline don't try to take a
picture of it and then call the cops
what do you mean was there a thumbnail
how it have gotten from this what do you
mean you won't know until post
post-production Jake well you know the
first time we failed in a lot it is
because usually we just throw some some
stuff together like that and it just
works first time yeah now we don't know
what to do well we failed we just come
up with a whole nother vlog idea yeah
yeah yeah we could just do something
else let's do that
can you say traffic trampoline gone
wrong
traffic trampoline gone wrong oh yes hi
just uh you know typical mattress just
sitting there and it's you know yeah
what why do I laugh like a cowbell I go
just my song
bro that was so funny when Tanner died
twice in the void I flew it every day
what are you doing
yo yo Chad Jess Oh yo Mike working cool
ding ding ding ding ding
Oh bro it dude of longer do um Cody here
Oh yo yo why don't you do something like
super arts you're like go to the beach
bro like on a bad
hang loose am i right like okay Jake
Paulo's RT vlog all right I like it
together I'll just do one they camera
stuff cool Cody thank you thank you
awesome
yo are you ready to get arty yeah how
ready are you you have to be full
ready okay yeah grab on wait ready yeah
yeah yo oh yeah oh sorry my powers or
less Oh yo yo no oh my god oh my god I'm
so sorry yo it's gonna be okay yes I'm
so sorry I'm sorry not a good of you
guys that's it that's it yeah
okay so we made it to the beach we are
so out here this is an awesome spot guys
wait where'd they go
yo oh gosh where's the other one
cool yo dude what we're shed Oh yo love
me wait Kate Kate oh yo yo we made it
guys okay let's do some stuff yeah
not
what'd I tell you guys no riding your
bikes on the piers I'm getting rid of
you god I told them I love to ride the
bikes on the piers and they don't listen
I'm gonna make you go gone bye-bye we
rolling oh what's up guys so this isn't
even a drone but you know what I was
like hey can we turn this into a drone
and the answer is yes here we go
shabba-doo ba da
hi hey collars I love you guys I'm gonna
make you guys disappear priority three -
oh yo my god where they go you think you
can make it up there yeah I'm gonna
throw you ready three two whoa
yo salad
it was not a magic trick my god why
would you do that
the blog bro bro there's no chill
where you guys from yo they're from
Spain yo Bond fun fun
come on Devon Devon fine with them Louis
alone already
how does it feel how does it feel you
first is it your first main force matter
um do you feel at home yeah I'll send
you back home right now
oh yeah he's gone now oh here comes the
water ah yeah yeah I got soaking wet so
I was trying to do a magic trick where
it was like I disappear in the water it
didn't work at all
so do you blog with that I vlog with
that camera
it's book hey my boy have you ever had a
funnel cake before nah you don't know
what a funnel cake is no I let me get
one for you no oh yo it's so good
something how you like America oh come
on
oh dude in my mouth if you don't want to
modify that's weird yeah oh man I don't
have $100 how am I gonna play the
basketball game
all righty here we go wow that's a
really dope car you got there man I'd be
ashamed if something happened to it
oh yeah we did a cool car driving around
not know Moe Jake Pollard's will make
you disappear yeah just chilling you
know kind of just hanging out and oh my
god what's up Jojo Travis Brewer got
ninja in the house oh my gosh if your
life is your life yeah I'm doing real
they're real they're chilling okay solid
base I'm good right I lent your all day
oh my god oh oh yeah so it's sick anyway
don't I don't know yo you guys want to
leave now it's deadly there's no parking
spot
Oh electric vehicle your trucks electric
electric vehicles yeah perfect iota so
it makes sense that it's a hybrid yeah
cool now we just got to plug it in yeah
how's this yeah this is it right yeah
just grab it put it in here innit
Oh perfect yeah okay we're seeing how
many samples that we can get into the
yogurt place
all this keep going
my kid won I have a temple Cup anyone
I've got boom yeah yeah go see you bro
he'll never know he's under what yeah
USA you know at night got me on star Oh
y'all back to my truck it is all charged
up we are ready to go guys electric
vehicles help save the environment so
you know I'm all about it
awesome chick polish today has been
awesome thank you guys so much for
watching and I will see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bra please make
sure you're subscribed to keep up with
my life on a daily basis and you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
