what why are you freaking out what
something right there mean what I don't
know I think there's something at the
bottom of the pool good morning take
dollars you know that will carless great
job policy be killing it every day cuz
Oh Ellis house it's everything
bro take pump touches what's up there's
a top I don't press yeah I got it white
hair like Ellen Ternan let's drive it
back please the best in LA that light
does not that is every day well look
let's go let's go
yo lightweight just killed that yo good
morning guys what's up I don't even know
if I was recording yeah I was recording
let's do today and let's kill it
oh this is a dual view what we have to
do go out to do a podcast on school
greatness you're about to be interviewed
I think you're gonna be the youngest
person ever no way younger person
seriously I'm out here cuz this is a
studio what's poppin suspicious all
these all the people that have been on
it well go this is smallest on it
no way oh look look at who else is here
hey are yo that was almost fun Louis
thank you for having me I'm gonna keep
on killing it today Len what's next I
don't know I don't know yo what's up
guys just have a car update for you I
know I've been saying I'm gonna go pick
up my car every single day but they're
just doing so much work to it but I have
this little video for you guys that
shows the exhaust check it oh my god it
sounds so good as back at at10 house
what's poppin yo what's poppin everybody
what's up how are you a question for
Amana what time to come to do saluted in
a lot I got some time is there right now
one o'clock you know what what are you
doing so this is called a water ball and
basically what it is is sit with your
legs slide the water into him and I'm
the China reaches this area okay so
that's again oh no why would you play
this why would you do this
Oh yo you sticking now yo what Oh every
Jesus Savin it was at this moment that
evening he go oh oh my god giggle
Molly's down what's up that's right here
I get scared so easily just uh
how are you how's your sleep yeah bro
you think I could jump you I know you
can I trust you go no no yeah I feel so
bad oh well people that die down maybe
you guys should follow my youtube pages
oh yeah yeah you didn't even show this
is my leg I told you I couldn't do it I
told you you're gonna jump off of the
counter okay yeah let me just move this
stuff here there you go Ted did you just
have like head surgery yeah look on my
call Barry you're jumping on the counter
and you're worried about this little
green thing and yeah you got a kid for a
height reference this is like four feet
so that's really sketchy I don't think
you've got it to be honest you kind of
nailed it my boys have said it
I thought it's going to go a lot worse
than that
um so we're gonna get a wheel Oh savage
wheel spin game so we write stuff on a
wheel of like stuff that we don't want
to do like it pays get kissed
jump in the pool get flat get kicked in
the face it's gonna be bad but I want
say right now that this is how much Jake
Paul loves you he loves you dirt collar
song
Nick can you say savage will spin game
you know I've noticed that my accent has
been luck in over the past few days so
I'm gonna try and like you gotta you
gotta set the game up Jake Polish moment
of truce into the camera for a second
stoppies will sing game oh this is not
the right store for the wheel singing oh
oh here we are
yo savage in the wheel you know you
understand enough like a spin spin a
wheel no I'm sorry man
okay you'll just play the game yeah yeah
just down anyway we are sad yeah yeah
okay okay we have we are live attention
in Jake's haulers we are taking over the
store
we're going to be doing an advantage
since the wheel game on my channel you
use that compact flash jiggle can always
close with merchants initiative of any
time so I decided oh you need up those
phone systems are so easy to hack if you
know how to do it ah well they don't
have it this store do you guys want to
make one or what do you want to do yeah
we're going to have to probably do that
just because I've been like hyping it up
for a while now okay we can make we can
go to now so let's go just go to another
store right
is this the retirement home are you
gonna make yes hello reason we're at the
wrong spot man Kay come on man alright
one more
yo is this what we're using this is it
man we're going to make it we can find
one so we're going to screw it through
and they did good
it's gonna stand let's do this thing he
posited the teddy bear now we have to do
this wheel thing I've got taser after
because I'm getting scared going over
for Tessa
the circle circles are fun they should
have different probabilities oh yeah
small and big ones that's so smart Jake
okay so we should teaser be a Heiser
jumping pool
what else were we thinking ah yeah yeah
oh yeah those is gonna run in the street
naked
all right yo so we have the board done
light yourself on fire
ha you pick hit someone run around in
your underwear plug something so you get
to like promote whatever you want jump
in the pool get pays slap in the face
and Tessa know if this isn't a savage
spin the wheel game I don't know what is
yell we just play where you trying to go
two times right reach going twice
I want to go three times though we can
do twice don't you twice look at this
stand
we did it yo they said that I would
never make it and then I never made it
come on don't you have like a big
YouTube channel no it's all fake follow
rocks a versus a tournament ready losers
face losers until there's one loser and
that's who goes first
Rock Paper Scissors shoot ah Rock Paper
Scissors shoot Rock Paper Scissors shoot
so now we say Rock Paper Scissors shoot
you go first
um yeah he's chillin okay I'm at man
that makes sense right yeah alright go
oh my god
come on underwear like you want on to
light yourself on fire or do you want to
reap in so ready to slap in the face or
what do you think is it more on problem
face Katrina slap in the face you can
just slap in the face
no you have to do it hard Tessa just do
it hard not like that hard but pretty
hard
how is way to arms that was the way to I
mean it had head surgery you demon plus
you're done for done we want what you
guys want to do now get more by Desa by
okay by the way no come on give me no I
want to pass the suspense is so real I
don't know how I'm gonna do this
kids don't do this at home unless you're
vlogger and unless you have acetone but
other than that don't do this at home
you know unless you really want you this
is really done ready yeah it's everyday
bro oh yeah it was really hot I think it
burning a little how did it look
little ones object baller come on say
huh yeah alright that is up what does
she got something close coming no ha
I hate you allowing that right now yeah
yeah her she needs to get taste good
going I'm yeah just look at no we are no
no no no okay then you both have to get
tased or both get anything yes okay you
want to send for the same thing no
alright come on go yeah no yeah no I got
to go yes ago it done for your country
come on
ah yes I run the underwear Oh Julia oh
my god no you have to run now where's he
going oh my god he's going outside Oh
oh my god TMZ exclusive Martinez wins
runs around Niki they're on my side
well boy this valleys you know okay
that's good oh okay
your brother's a savage mom your money
says wait you're not on the phone yeah
oh yeah good afternoon Kade oh subject
hey Justin Meyer in the cart yeah yeah
it's good it's fun on a gamer you know
yeah it's a game
oh it's a game yeah you guys are doing
yeah yeah i chat around - what's it
going to be what's it gonna be whoever I
like slows down because I think the top
is rigged
yeah this is when you find out you go
crazy or not that's up bro who saw that
what huh who's your favorite youtuber
huh
don't mess with my ninja skills no no no
what's gnarlier I don't know about this
man
are you ready it's not only to bro with
this amazing knockout give them audience
yeah why don't we and I already well you
got a chance don't like freaking man up
doing it go you are you away yeah you
can grab my arm he's like do it and then
pushing me away like this go go yo we'll
take this before someone else oh that
won't work it's my turn all right
oh my gosh
Oh meme you okay um you know you guys
are all guys okay junkie okay
it doesn't say where No
yo what is what oh my god yo the pool
the lagoon is just destroyed ready
that's around - what's it gonna be
yo it was on plug it was on plugs oh my
god is she gonna play like so hard take
out my youtube channel it's tested
Brooks won and then my SEO is tested for
a joke musically it's out of breath and
I separate one thing plug one thing I
liked a customer see description oh my
god hey and when you are done Harry J
cocaine is not a comet done she just
plugged everything not even one thing
already some Martinez twins yeah you
gonna screw yeah
no you're not plugging are you spinning
oh I will always are a kid on chemicals
there that's why we are always you got a
kid okay oh my god yo are you both going
in yeah oh so that's your spin - its
cause this is the last one the tasers in
the pool Freddie oh it's so cute they're
like holding hands
Oh what why are you freaking out what
something right there what I don't know
I think there's something at the bottom
of the pool
what happened that hurt no no that was a
there's a monster in the lagoon bro yeah
there's a monster in the lagoon that was
so much fun everybody
savage spin the wheel game what is up yo
like what what are you doing right now
oh ah God let's go to the flippin gym yo
but who saw that shot though
whoa firework I'll take parlors today's
notification shoutout goes to Liam
shaker Liam thank you so much for having
my post notifications on guys if you
want a post notifications shout out turn
on my post notifications and comment
when you are done and I will see you
guys tomorrow
because it's everyday bro push make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on a daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
