oh wow this is great so what do we got
so like it's a rainy day so I brought
over some guns that's typical there
there's airsoft guns right could you
help me control my vlog please help me
intro my vlog could you help me intro my
vlog show me intro it could you help me
intro my vlog anyone could you help me
intro no no hope with the intro
did you help me intro my vlog can you
help me I'm not very good at that
no you look great you look so cute I
don't know how to hold you no you just
say good morning Jake ballers good
morning Jay Paul how are you oh my god
thank you and good morning Jake ballers
what's poppin with y'all today we are so
out here and already on the move as you
could tell we got Jakes Tacoma it's
really bright hold on Oh still bright
okay I'm still learning how to use this
camera
Martina's twins what's poppin let's get
this day going are you able to help me
with my video I don't think that enough
I just need someone to say it's everyday
bro no wait for it it's for YouTube
could you help me with my video what's
up what's this oh this is a it's for my
friends they live in Canada yeah you
could take it and just say if everyday
bro it's everyday bro yes my boy thank
you yo its everyday bro you so much
girls and dramas gonna be buggin gets
this oh my god hey will you help me with
my video and you have to say it's
everyday bro it's everyday bro thank you
so much for the help Dora can you help
me with my video please you look so good
I feel like you're just an asshole on
camera can you help me with my video
when I'm not a lot of film oh sorry I
was just trying to vlog I'm a vlogger
yeah Jake Wallace you know you might be
familiar with it I make music lease to
Disney Channel hi I'm Jake Paul you're
watching Disney Channel no you don't
want to help me all you have to say is
it's everyday bro you can whisper it $5
ten twenty forty five one hundred and
fifty two hundred dollars cash right now
you know what I tried I don't know
what's up with all of these security
guards like they literally do nothing I
don't know good morning Kade morning
Jake I like your jean jacket Thanks all
right you got
good morning Nick good morning Nick what
ah good morning how's your day going so
far
Erica do you not wait for your date or
you just like so antsy yeah you are yeah
yeah you are I'm gonna go I'm gonna go
but it has to be a friendly date no yeah
that's what you send us hey go smash
I'm joking and it's a friendly day
friendly I'm excited to film it what's
up Martinez good morning how are you
thank you good uh you know just out here
bro mm-hmm I said I'm out here huh do
you understand yeah that means I'm here
and I'm doing it yeah
you look funny no you're gonna be on
Fashion Week
yeah dude those are fire can you help me
with my vlog can you help me with my
vlogs please you don't have to go it's
America you can do whatever you want
every single day okay should I go with
him well hey come on you guys are Jake
polish all right
that's the move what's up pops good how
are you this one bro
all right let's go eat over that's it
yeah okay all right cool let's go come
on get in don't be shy come on come on
squeezed in by Cade where we going where
do you want to go um I mean I don't know
I'm down for anything yeah I know I was
trying to catch up to the mailman he's
pretty fast now that's why I'm trying to
go I'm trying to go down the street you
know what's your guys's names are golden
I'm part of the family now if you want
good Matthew I'm Matthew what are we
waiting for
yeah just go
- sighs what can be there mean - you
know it feels great um yeah it's fun so
what's my new last name now that I'm a
part of this family
come on right you never thought you'd
have a Mexican last name yeah boy I like
to play basketball I used to wrestle oh
yeah did you wrestle wrestle hey that's
my boy he jumped in 1988 you were state
champion yo I didn't get the rest of my
senior year because I dropped out of
high school but yeah stay in school you
don't need to answer honestly if you
just get a lot of camera and you start
vlogging
you're good you're chilling oh I'm back
guys I'll see you later all right you
guys I'm back on team ten now thank you
very families slogans okay they're a lot
better
Nick you do you like airsoft gun okay
what am I about to do yeah I'm not about
to do anything I was just wondering if
you like there Top Gun no okay just
wondering simply just wondering
yo bro have you seen my shirt little
like the Disney one please do it you're
wearing it oh yeah you seen it no where
is this area oh oh hey Tanner please
what are you doing yes John I just like
hanging out um dull yeah so cutoff right
thank you find me up here cool you want
to vlog or do something I guess I'm
already here oh yeah no I didn't know
Tanner was coming today
how'd you get in here you're right
doesn't matter at all I'm showing Tanner
our roof trampoline park yes I get down
it's kind of sketchy you got it all
right please Santa
hopefully it's fine doesn't go all right
so tanner Sonia I know what this is but
you need to try it for your video trust
have you ever heard it yeah but I'm
scared of it you have to do a good
little finger taste just get your finger
in there just like peanut butter yeah
yeah sound like that something like it
looks like yeah peanut butter will say
people it looks like Nutella yeah it's
exactly like Nutella who doesn't just
trust me just get a good finger and then
just rekt good yeah it's perfect you
just fall on putting it please you got
this oh oh there's like salt water yeah
so nasty bro yeah I know well a little
different from Nutella it's still my mom
why did you leave that I love how you
like confident you wear with a whole
likes finger just like dude why would
anyone eat that people are going to rush
in college like you got to have it with
bread that's what they all put on bread
I mean that's to get rid of a case oh oh
wow this is great
sorry what do we got so like it's a
rainy day so I brought over some guns
but that's typical there they're just
airsoft guns right so look at these
little bad boys we're going to chase
each other around the house bro we got
to go like jump a little category we
like chase my PJs or any creep out
you're not going to go into this shit
without ever having tested this we're
testing let me get by the fire fun I
don't know if I'm gonna I think I'm
going to hit someone three two one oh I
missed yo all right this is so dumb it
didn't hurt
hey kid oh hey kid who's your favorite
youtuber dick quality Paw Paw Paw
channel hashtags subscribe like okay you
got away let's how you pressure people
yo what does God wrote I know what why
y'all trying to look like me yo oh
mighty behind the camera back up Alyssa
I can't reload because I have a vlog
camera case a Lincoln case before I got
a - I'm using the vlog camera to protect
my eyes hey
soyah is using the camera like see yeah
we we see your glasses
pause truth truth we need glasses
getting glasses so we don't shoot each
other sighs now all right let's do this
thing baby well who's the best youtuber
who's the best that's right guys by the
way these like guns are like completely
harmless like it doesn't hurt so and now
we have eye protection so it's fine
what yo put that one down I looked I
look cool
Jake ballers ahh Tanner and I are having
a war run upon them hide behind the girl
hi hey how are you my bro no I'm done
okay Eggman this is the end of G guys
gonna have to go out there pick up where
he left off comrade is falling they
don't look him oh no join for this
cheese's oh yo your are you oh my god
what are you aiming for he's gonna hit
it no doubt oh my god it's so powerful
there is no physics there's like airsoft
see if you can hit these Tide Pods
Mother of God but isn't my fruit here
and then live it down that's right well
there's all the Olympics broke the
Olympics there's not Olympics bro put
them here you have to hit them and see
if they explode Oh yo yo it exploded
everywhere look at this that's sick
bottle flip I'll flip it and then
someone shoots it you're off of this off
of this please don't shoot me already
please don't kill me all right three two
one oh you hit it anyway wait wait
what's up you land that advert different
oh my god yo it fell off my little one
everyone Jerrod oh not the teddy bear
Tanner you're evil
so now we're going to try and ski shoot
the Tide Pods out of the air like when
they'll pool and the orange dingoes
lines like that but but our version
Center's quitting YouTube and joining
the circus broken jaw like level drive
combustor bar yeah you're right man
alright I remember a person is not for
everyone yeah they're not friend I got
it I can't miss oh my god satisfying
this is gonna be your not I give up how
am I try I'm going on I don't want to
yeah I didn't feel like getting yeah yes
if I break my camera I'm going to be
kind of it this is a ruthless I'm gonna
crack it I'm gonna aim it in the green
so I don't break the lens by breaking
lens I gotta go buy you dinner because
I'd rather break the screen on one this
is full savage I respect this manner why
did I do that though it's so stupid why
I was like so in the moment I respect
you though Dom yes or you want to go
vlog you want to go log without him he
lets your vlog but you got it a camera
no yeah you can't come with us I think
it's still recording take us I can't sir
when is what happens but you like one
can sound central for a cheeseburger it
was recording the whole time Ricky on
ela it was recording the whole time huh
no Teddy Oh daddy Oh like a crime scene
yo yo oh yeah LOI I know where Logan
Paul is are you are you looking no we
didn't order pizza to priming okay
I got an order for Logan Paul to this
address No ah Logan Paul is my brother
yeah like I don't know I'm not going to
take these back we didn't we didn't call
though that's the problem I'm like what
are we supposed to do another I don't
know but it did it was it a girls voice
no I was no was a dude what'd I do
yeah yeah with you dude like crazy as
fuck right I bought 20 pizza boxes I'm
here for one day I was like yo I gotta
pull up Franklin Jake home oh no way I'm
going home with this when you get this
package I bought the new tile I was like
yeah I'll give you $20 for your hat just
goes the oak or some viral on it he goes
a serious I'm like yeah he just put a
bunch of flowers so there's nothing even
in Yahoo do something yes what's your
name the color is wrong but you know
this just happened like does it happen
twice today
you haven't twice today but actually
like not even prank clicks I got real
pizza people take callers you need to
stop it it's not I was about to rent a
tractor for $50 it'd just be like yo
we're supposed to build here got a
question to do what Horrible's not like
to to you at all on the train I'll rush
you intrigue you make youtube videos
I started yeah like what is your camera
yeah this is my camera do your prep to
ladies exactly like
yo doesn't happen twice today dude je
crois Gina stop coming to our house and
stop order pizza houses we send you away
please so fun to taste good jacket at me
it's not even loaded don't see each
other I think your straps right now
yeah no ain't nobody must identify he's
always strapped you by Sawyer guilt it
we out here by dinner
this won't be Sabra electro lab again
soon oh yeah Wednesday imma pick up my
car then perfect alright hurry
hopefully he doesn't get hit oh oh he's
good
I think he's good hello what's going on
Jake paulus with poppin yo we haven't
had any alone time until now
oh oh sorry got sexual I forgot to uh
right
you
why subject polish let's see what we got
going on Nick can you do today's
notification shout out in a British
accent
so today's post I can't do like long
things no yeah you can hey hey quiet
quiet you two from England do all the
English things and today's post
notifications shout out go through Tyler
and Noah get on oh no Nick sounds less
British and he does it then when he does
before yeah I figured it out I don't
know what you're talking about guys if
you want of ourselves again shout out
all you have to do is turn on my post
notifications and comment when you are
done for a chance to be shout out in
tomorrow's video bye Nick Crompton in a
British accent all right Jake ballers I
am about to hit the gym today was
awesome thank you so much for spending
it with me and I will see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bra first make
sure your subscribe to keep up with my
life on a daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow
