I saw he the camera moved around like he
could control it and he was like trying
to follow us with with a little like
camera inside the tree me leo oh good
morning Jake college Oh nailed it
look he matches that yeah well I mean we
got our thumbnail and title so that vlog
for today was easy
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life come on in Ontario morning good
morning morning Liam
good morning Cade I'm sorry bro hey hey
hey sorry come on man
I love you and good morning Jay well
then welcome back to another day of my
life
yo as you guys can tell maybe again we
are trying out different cameras for the
past three days so guys comment which
one you like this is a different one I
don't know if you'll be able to tell
this is my personal favorite so far
because like I could just be like hey
what's up guys you know I mean and then
well that's kind of cool and I also want
to say hi Alan how are you doing I hope
you're watching this video
oh yeah I hope you're watching this
video on by the way Ellen I just want to
say you're awesome and we have the same
hair kind of and yeah I'm going to sell
your house so that's though and her
beautiful lifestyle which I forget her
name you should probably look it up so
the piano yeah I mean right oh yeah we
don't want to look embarrassing
especially if Ellen's team is watching
it my god we're trying to get on our
show yeah I know here are my race so you
don't you have to you know you don't
have to go to that process contact info
in my description it's great yeah just
at the end of show it's fine what's your
wife's name
he's a Porsche or put your pork pork I
don't know Ellen's why we're refresher
is that yes hi Alan
do they have Ellen in Spain
no no no see Ellen I'm here to help you
I'm here to bring you a new fan base you
know I mean like now the Martinez twins
know who you are super important Ellen
I'm bound to go to your show for free
for free
yeah for free yeah I sent her my rates
already I already showed her my rate
I'm expensive you know what I mean you
guys are free yeah we're okay so Ellen
yeah maybe maybe they could just be an
add-on to the show what are you right
just lunch lunch just lunch
I'm trying enough okay do you have any
right oh yeah yeah the plate of being a
compound can I call you dear Dirk yeah
like my character on Disney yeah you
want to call me Dirk Derrick folders
Dirk parlours you can call me Dirk if
you want what is my character do you
know no yeah yeah I got it here we here
we go yeah
here we go yes here we go that's in
Spain you savages you know it's not
there no no he's all right
they don't have bizarre bark in Spain
nor Australia
no I think they have it good to have
enough air this female is bet all right
gang let's go to Home Depot you guys
ready let's hit it
at this point it's kind of sad because I
know exactly what I'll the signs are in
Aisle 12 just cuz we've been doing this
so much you like that one yes
yeah it's gonna look good in her yard
yeah I love it
Alan's gonna love that you Ellen hi
doggie hi hi dogs love me
dogs loves me still we're to Jacob Jake
get off my store no filming I'll call a
cop it feels that one McCullough craft
you're tensing to rob will be here in
super count so apparently we're banned
from that store because we've been doing
too many shenanigans in there that's
news sorry guys I couldn't get on the
intercom per tradition straight away
immediately just get out of my he salty
he saw that as we pac-man them in real
life grow I'm like yo we're buying stuff
and he goes we'll call the cops because
you're attempting to steal dollars they
were about to steal is that like button
steal that like button
plug plug plug
that's how the long-distance Jake Paula
I'm at Jake Waller
he wasn't waving at um okay hailey
already for sale by owner the did that
the en ER yeah your run another day
packing that I'm just an average realtor
home we sold three houses up a reduction
redemption and are there we go he's
gonna manically Jake ball realtor here
I'm ready to sell your house wouldn't
want anyone else's oh my goodness
sweatpants and a pink camo sweatshirt if
I'm selling your house you're done made
it because you know that I know that you
are gonna get me a lot of use so if I'm
selling your house you made it give us a
good generous commission sorry Oh long
this is Jake Paula what's up bro and now
it's a short distance Jake Wallace yeah
what's up huh hmm okay we're doing a
musically Oh live action
I'm use meaning right now hey we're out
here yo my boy and I were about to drop
a mixtape make sure you download it like
and subscribe smaller than my music is
high my phone you know
are you so as you guys know I'm supposed
to get my car back from the shop today
and I'm gonna reveal it to you here it
is yo yo yo I'm just playin for real
that's not my car
ah SD rap didn't finish up my car yet
but it's going to be done next week so
we'll pick it up next week okay so it's
like during the day time right now we're
like a mile out from Ellen's place we
googled her house and like saw with the
top of it looks like okay so we found
like this is our house as you can see
this is like Ellen
in this house and on it is these like
two little spikes on top a pool and
that's like basically all that we had to
like go off of so we got out Google Maps
and just started like searching around
the local streets and we found her
address so as you can see like this is
the Google Maps look of it - spikes pool
as you can see like we had to like
search through all of these houses to
find it but we're going to roll up there
now I didn't like scout it out we might
be able to just put it up for sale right
now during the daytime which would be
our first ever daytime sale we're
working on normal hours now
so what it's not with it oh yeah and I
want to give a huge shout out to Liam he
was the detective for this one Sherlock
Holmes at Liam quizzes the plug plug
plug plug plug
no trespassing you know it's like the
only houses object this is Alan's house
we can use it in a yard for us to put
the set for sale sign in maybe Ellen why
do you have such high security come on
we're just trying to sell your house
we're just trying to be too generous if
I'm making a show someone with someone
will laugh at the hot
let's run out there and sell it we're
having an open house tomorrow if you
guys want to come husband you know
postmates yes first petition can you be
a breeder he said he's coming
she has her own security team all right
let's go
yo the security guy said he's coming
down he immediately came on the buzzer
as soon as I walked over there we got
our own security bro but we should wait
for the security and then watch he's got
a giant he's gonna try and take a
picture of my license plate per usual
no license her house is like just
superadded with security we're literally
waiting for this guy to come get us but
he's a terrible security here like
Justin Bieber Ellen you need to step up
your security that guy should be
sprinting like he comes could you please
step off the bed Colleen filming we just
wanted to say hi he's not even coming
have a good day
she got her own street overcome what is
up with these security guards and famous
look at that to house a barrier
no that was the one across the street it
was very quiet we drona we should shine
drone and get up there with the drum we
want to see if we can get an aerial view
over house so we're going to drone it
and see what happens and see if we can
see the for sale sign you know we just
came to like the top side of Ellen's
house to see if we could like see if we
could put the drone up in the air and
they had cameras on the look look right
there right there yeah you know the
first pose yeah and and brought the guy
the security guard that was talking to
us I saw he the camera moved around like
he could control it and it went straight
at us and he was like trying to follow
us with with a little like camera inside
the tree oh that's so super lit like
they got tight security don't know
we found a double rainbow whoa yo that
is probably one of the most vivid
rainbows I've ever seen though it's so
cute it's a double rainbow
you have to take an Instagram picture
hold on Becky hold on Becky you might
let me go okay okay no there's a queue
yeah a few more yeah the rainbow is
totally in it okay yeah the rainbow is
in it it's just a rainbow
oh here's number system rifle are you
sure you got the picture okay because
like you never see rainbows like that no
before the double rainbow goes away we
need to like get local IDs we should get
like babies like cute babies yeah
and like do photos of a roof on the roof
on the roof rent on the roof
yeah okay let me spawn some babies hold
on cool whoa perfect hi oh it's you guys
again we take a picture with them on the
roof all right all right I'm not trying
probably pretty dangerous to take these
babies up up this ladder is like smart
orifices I mean it's worth it we double
rainbow yeah this is for the interim
fish okay what do you think about this
oh man oh man Wow
all right oh come on we got this we got
this okay I'm just gonna need you to
fill in this case that's all I'll carry
the baby's rope when you put him inside
of like mmm Oh a bucket that'd be so
cute I don't know about this actually we
can just get this Instagram picture look
at it we're bonding yeah I'd be too hard
as a lot of it all right we thought
about it so Alyssa are you cheating on
me I was thinking you know and I think I
think I'm ready I actually recall I
gotta go I guess I gotta go guys I gotta
go okay okay hmm
we're bonding Oh Oh Shh you be quiet now
I just got stiff armed boy shops on the
further down
are you a jape alder are you a mini Jake
parlor you better me otherwise I'm not
gonna feed you oh I think it pooped
that's how I heard it did it hoop I
can't tell
take it no no no I'm just carried on I'm
just camera guy no oh oh for sure oh
yeah yeah babies are dope until I poop
we'll give it to the Martinez swing
they'll never know
please baby take it Oh take it you got
it no support the head support the head
dip dip it's not my hand oh I still
smell it still smell it yo I just wanna
let you know that as soon as I gave it
to you it like pooped like a second
before that so it's got a fat poop just
sitting in there gonna try to clean it I
think you have a thing for twins
oh mama oh the pig skinning all over you
cameras take three anyways you have to
be going to be quiet no I just want to
see what the video is about it's for the
team can YouTube channel quiet on set
quiet is that predictable yes just a
struggling comedian
guessing Tristan doesn't like babies
pontification goes to Justin bond of it
what's up Justin how are you have a baby
here for you if you want guys if you
want so specifications that I turn on
Jake's notifications and comments done
when you are gone that's my girl
Oh Justin like babies now bye cutie huh
I'll see you bro oh yeah put the kids in
on it
guys I need help outro in my video make
sure your subscribe to keep up with my
life on a daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
