if you like a bridge ll be buffeted like
seriously we need the song so hopefully
it continues to rain because we have by
your ideas it's raining right now and
they're saying that it's going to flood
which would be awesome because we have
for stuff to do then today good morning
everybody
you guys excited for your date
why'd you say yeah you're not going on a
date no I don't say yes you say no
you're editing the video what are you
doing next Assembly's work
that's like my life I'm vlogging you
know check out my vlog you always plug
yourself you got a plug I learned it
from you you're right you're right a
perfect example Erica I love your sure
where did you get that oh my god yeah
the link calm the link the link in the
hook always plug okay shut up
show the J koalas your background yeah
so this is uh this is it right here yeah
I'm - yeah she's getting cop you're
gonna get it you know I miss we told the
Jaguars was going to get RS and I think
that the best for Jake but I need
something that we can you know
potentially erase it I think my car is
going to be done from the shop tomorrow
and I think we're driving down to San
Diego to pick it up they sent me like a
sneak peek of it guys it is amazing so
be ready for that in tomorrow's vlog
okay I hope you get to em too girl it's
on its way around we'll just be like
revving in the driveway in the morning
we use a horn ever would just play on
the gas like y'all all from roun
remember we'll wake everyone up guys
also you probably already noticed this
but I'm vlogging on a different camera
today good morning Jennifer how are you
okay how la you are right now
what is it the salad BG water coming I
make showing glasses when it's raining
outside so la y ou D when I was ripped
it right there I was chillin so when you
were handcuffed you it I was silly oh
you liked it yeah like this so yeah
looks like today's raining so
hey bro I'm gonna kill again yo my man
mark he just came up with this tactic
it's actually so smart because if you
handcuff yourself to the bed you don't
have to do anything now no one can
bother you like Oh Emilio do chores you
guys what closely yeah of course make
your good where you gonna pee I don't
know here that's fine right my man
smart yo I was doing I was helping him
out the other day like he he Larry
didn't have to do anything for the whole
entire day that's the way to do it the
camera it looks really cool on my camera
like you look really cool I look cool
yes comment if you like this camera
better and if I should vlog on this one
more you're going to comment the comment
he doesn't comment died wait here the
post on vacations odd egg no she's
playing hard today I respect that
hooah so we are trying to urban surf
does that make sense I got which I'm
trying to surf in the city she doesn't
seem to understand see if the streets
are like flooded so that my truck could
pool a surfboard behind it
I think you need a wave my hair has wave
okay
so this is like the most water that
we've seen it's not bad like that is
definitely surfer well I feel like we
need like a strip like this for a longer
amount of time oh my god the cars going
to splash me the car is going to splash
me if it continues to rain for like the
next three hours we might be able to
find like a long strip like this
and I surf it but until then we're
screwed you guys know what we should do
what I'll be shopping
wait I'm actually down let's go a good
puppy we're go that's the only thing to
do on a rainy day oh you got mail you
got mail
are we - are we - uh we earlier okay
there's no puppies oh my god we're
naming him trial thank you uppercut it's
just a stuffed dog calm down guys there
weren't any puppies there but we're
going to go to another spot but the good
news is is that it's starting to rain
starting to rain a lot harder which
means that the water could pick up and
we might be able to go surfing in the
streets I don't know the shelter
Betsy I knew it I'm so that's where
we're going let's go can't concentrate
too much liquor many cats face my state
of mind is intoxicating up there
Adirondack and taking this ID I don't
wanna die Bobby movie to you joke you oh
hi buddy hi do you say either Jake
father yes yes hi you're a cutie aren't
you it's raining I know you're probably
cold are you cold
you're gonna be okay this makes me want
to get a puppy so bad I know I wanted
hon and rescued in monogamy uses acuity
yeah you like the camera don't you don't
you do you like the camera buddy you
gotta be a famous youtuber one day I max
will let me like this on a should we get
him 15:10 dog yes Maxwell are you a
savage is my boy a savage he was laying
in bed I see he's wagging tail Maxwell
nod your head if you would date these
two girls yeah these are boys a savage
Oh what you can get them I don't
remember wallet though I'll pay for it
but you can own it if I want to
technically you owed it to because if
you have to come here now time yeah I
feel like none of us are responsible
enough to take care of the store I will
come over every day to take care of it I
will walk it I will clean up it I don't
know it can be like a bridge oh
absolutely
yeah I like seriously we need this dog
know as a potential owner holy we're
better we'll get the dog we're trying to
talk me into this I kind of want a
German Shepherd though all right so we
found out we just talked to someone who
works here we found out that the dog is
not available until the 22nd so we can't
get it you're just scared so nice so we
drove back it's starting to rain harder
on the way back we found one spot where
potentially we could like pool a
surfboard behind my truck so we're going
to let it ran for maybe a couple hours
and then go hit it probably messaging
the winners of the date yo guys you
ready to come to LA boom we'll go on a
date us three we'll go on a date and
then it'll be Tessa
Erika Julien and tug yawn we still don't
know how to say your name it's a
surprise no boom no boom no but now you
have to paint I mean they should pay
they should pay right yeah they're gonna
pay so Julian guys get get your cash
ready I mean I'm not paying for that but
I'll pay for your flight
that's good enough they're gonna stay um
you know we haven't gotten that far yet
there's plenty of space right here yeah
under the table Martinez twins for the
night with
with they're gonna be on the floor whoo
we came in the mail Jake
ha ha sockets stick you're on
so why didn't send us these papers the
whole point of automatic fire y'all that
oh that is a an official Jake Paul phone
case slash phone hello mom yeah I love
you link in the description who is my
girl so it's been a little bit now it's
raining super hard we found some spots
where there's a lot of water so I think
we're going to load up get like wet
suits on get a surfboard everything and
just get the river you know I'm saying
because when it rains in Los Angeles you
got to make the most of it baby lose it
yeah let's go boy Leo what are you doing
brain is right night I'm just done tie
it up in bezel here I've got to get my
rope she's all satisfied you know what I
mean got to be able to call you know
hold on in the surf like they said I
couldn't do it but now I'm here we are
what are you doing oh that's a solid
knot we got here mate I'm gonna be
holding on punches shot coming down it's
really coming down or just off catching
me some bullies might be or a lid here
we got two bogies we're gonna hit that
so real great my let's get on out of
here you better not report me are you
recording no no but all right oh you
were so cute night I'm not a dude isn't
that only precise know what I can only
3817 thought a song you guys be saying
people are crazy
better not snitch me am I on there oh no
Jake Pallas oh I say hi say hi what a
month ago surfing I
I'm a hero short time to join a monthly
a bridges like what's done yeah my oh
good are you good yeah
take polish no we are so out here make
sure you guys like this video and
subscribe we look so much effort put
into this it's everyday bro oh that's
right baby
Oh in my teas they said that I couldn't
do it what I did
we're going to hand someone punch some
sharks next time a train Jay Paul is
this everyday brought Jake close that
was super super lit yo like one of the
most fun things that I've ever done we
decided to put these into two videos so
by the time you're watching this the
surfing video was already posted and I'm
going to put some shots in this vlog of
me doing it I just so you guys can see
it if you don't want to watch that video
but if you want to watch the full things
that's this whole separate video that's
out on my channel right now go check it
yo is you guys have fun out there yeah
it's fun I crazy yeah and guys today's
notification shoutout goes to Cameron
McCracken's Cameron thank you so much
for having my post notifications turned
on guys if you want a shout out in
tomorrow's video all you have to do is
turn on my post notifications and
comment when you are done I'm talking to
the guys that you're going on a date
with and if this friend made a song for
real yeah all excited we have to pick a
date like you have to let us know when
you Mexican are here but they're super
excited it's a great is going to be fun
where you gonna go you know I like I
said I'm going to be in the corner like
this hi I'm here for the date thank you
do not I remember like awkward like that
yeah like I said they're going to stay
on the floor it's fine
they don't care you guys don't care
right guys I'm about to go get a haircut
and I'm going to get my car
hopefully tomorrow back from the shop
it's going to be all pimped out I'm
going to do like a car reveal for you
guys so make sure you stay tuned for
that and then I'm in the gym Oh later
tonight you guys want to go to the gym
yeah well we will see you guys tomorrow
because it's everyday breath food make
sure you're subscribed to keep up with
my life on a daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 shirt see you
guys tomorrow please
