this is a huge string of moisture that's
coming in it's going to be nonstop rain
pretty much from Friday morning through
very early Saturday morning what's
associate seeing his hammer with heavy
rains then Leo professional surfers from
Australia hasn't rained a lot in LA you
know when it does we got to take
advantage of the situation
we'll see what we got out there
something for my family mainly
you
are you gonna go
Oh MIT they said that I couldn't do it
what I did on a punch some shorts next
time it rain Jay Paul is just everyday
boy make sure your subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it see
you guys tomorrow
