or my toys here 21 the guys seriously if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
are the Jake callers and this is team 10
baby
Hey that is the squaw right there baby
hashtag team ten the strongest team on
the internet we are also the most lit
youtube channel on the internet baby
guys a lot has already happened this
morning you're not gonna believe what
we're about to do first thing I need to
say is if you haven't gotten yourself a
birthday sweatshirt already then what
are you doing fans raikou backslash Jake
Paul just look at how dope it is cause
you is in your life they are officially
live right now but only for 48 more
hours maybe it's like I literally have
like a hundred and one degree fever
right now and I'm vlogging still thank
you let me get you caught up to speed
they all started last night around
midnight when it officially became my
birthday wrong
it's my 21st birthday I just I'm going
home take what do you mean you're going
home I gotta blog
Jake there everyone's in there for you
though oh it says not in service Jake
hey hey 21 midnight okay this is great
21 guys yeah thank you guys I just
turned 21 thank you I know what to do
you got you're so nice all right we'll
see you in the morning guys
hey so uh you know I came home and went
to sleep while I was sleeping the sick
gods came and said Jake I'm gonna kill
you oh but actually though like while I
was sleeping guys I got a fever I didn't
know what I was doing let me explain you
what is about to go on and the reason
why I have this microphone because
apparently there's a guy that's coming
that can read minds the amazing Kreskin
apparently your parents probably will
know him so I grabbed your parents and
get ready to watch it but I'm through
you know and he's about to come onto
this microphone and like sidekick all of
us Justin Roberts got it for me for my
birthday so yeah so yeah I might get
hypnotized ESCO oh don't go back to what
I was saying guys this morning I woke up
and well just roll the clips we'll be
right back just roll the clips put your
blog belts on watch listen to me guys
we're listening
really
I have a couple things I need to stay do
I still look cute you're still cute I
think so yeah I feel really cute I know
you look you yeah you look great
there's only a couple ways we can
overcome this fever how do I overcome
the flu zofran what Rob wrong wrong the
only way to overcome the flu is to keep
on plugging and Anthony I need you to
figure out where the closest powersport
dealership is and I need to buy a
Polaris RZR 1000 Ford or off-road
vehicle today that's the only way to
overcome the Cygnus and I also need a
bagel Erica made you bagels really look
oh my gosh I really feel like I'm gonna
throw up against it someone hold this oh
wait I need to go fast dude all right
we're gonna get you go fast credit card
all right okay then we might hit up the
Gucci store yeah Tony Tony Tony yeah
thank you back now I really don't know
what to do now I mean I haven't video
ography this is great but it's Jake ball
blogs hello why are you on Erica's phone
Jake yeah we are right Tony I mean are
we really having like five five five
that's like a hundred twenty grand okay
okay well then can we like put my name
on one of them yeah I'd love one dick
that'd be really nice okay okay what are
you you were birthed ten minutes until
the exact minute you would be exactly 21
that I came out of the womb I came out
and I said I want to go fast
yeah yeah I do you did say that it man
you don't have any doctor defense back
the doc the doc too bad you weren't vlog
mom then cuz then I roll I should have
been
I could have rolled the clip if fewer
fogginess I have to clip I've always
always been blog mom I'm having a hard
time I just don't know if you could tell
I'm surrounded by great people
Oh Nathan that's so much Oh joking hi
wait are mine their heads up they are
you remember we very good how can you
let me do that my mom actually has the
clip of me being born she wasn't joking
I was totally not joking watch look at
that there you are when you were born
Jackie
oh my god wait is there audio Cajal in
exactly one minute I will have been
alive for 21 years here you go I can see
but you're sick and I don't want to say
Alice you just move fast
I'm done with my bagels Oh Jake you need
a round it's now there are toys coming
am I gonna go fast
you're gonna real real take real fast
oh my god I didn't feel better yeah
better I mean this stuff yeah I bought
it I use your card already bought baby
purr Bank Bank happy birthday to you so
you wanna know what I would I'm not
gonna tell you you just gonna we are bad
guys I'm still here so I woke up you're
my favorite son
and apparently I have like $40,000 worth
of powersport dirtbike the jumpin
madness stuff on the way is that true
yes yes we got it for you okay that's
cool and once those vehicles get here
I'm trying to jump them bro like you're
not gonna believe what's about to go
down this is just the start of the
parade right now is this guy here is he
here yes he's here he's here many
hypnotizes us I don't know though oh oh
oh yo guys guys guys he's here
stavros me standing over there but
everyone's gotta be in it's that serious
yeah serious serious stuff this I'm
starting to freak out
oh I'm sorry I want to go to television
for like forty seven years forty eight
years you gotta help me a little bit
what I'm gonna do is little boy it's not
going to cause you to lose all the uses
girl and she'll end up on the floor
paralyzed unable to but if you feel not
just your decision he's gonna spell his
name and they're gonna fall you will not
fall suddenly gradually as you can all
get in yes is it's happening more and
I try to lift ourselves up to be more
weaker try as hard as we picking it up
try in every way over this is a 90
minute so we're trying to say your name
but try but is his mouth doesn't even
move we leave him like this
six-five yes it's pretty--it's don't
wanna merrily they wake up what is that
experience it's gnarly no what happened
it's so hard are you good oh she's fine
no I thought Jerrica was over it's so
hard to explain why I couldn't dog what
I couldn't all right guys
oh cool thanks for hypnotizing our
friends Hey okay I want you know I
predict he's gonna now be seeing a
chiropractor don't know I'm gonna get it
uh one alley later all right I'm gonna
give Jake his birthday present
hopefully he likes it just as Gucci it's
right you know what you know it I know I
spent some money bro oh my gosh I'm
getting two vlogs right now Joey what
season for your yeah oh yeah so I'm
giving Jake his birthday present right
now what did you get me I spawned you
violence is a heavy could you get in
oh yeah
bring it in Rob Bob y'all selling this
one on eBay or my toys here yep no way
it's a dirt bike with a ski thing on the
this is what Anthony got I told you guys
for my birthday that I wanted to go fast
and I'll make it happen no matter what
LED light on the front and everything
dude I'm going in bro
we did it bro we did
that was top yourself a birthday sweater
join the family
you only have 48 hours left guys and get
ready for some more Aspen madness
tomorrow special subscribe button to
keep up with the lit this this has been
an amazing birthday I think I think
we're gonna take the record for the
dopest 21st birthday that's a fact and I
will see y'all tomorrow because what's
up Jake Pollard's listen guys I want to
be able to give you guys exclusive
updates on merchandise news things I
have going on in my life if you guys
want to be able to communicate with me
text me talk to me do with all of these
amazing things then go to next Jake Paul
me text Jake Paul calm which is gonna
give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
