Collin 250 a Democrat cash please wake
up good good morning it hurts right wake
up oh but that selfie lighting oh yo you
guys had that selfie like next year but
yeah it turned into a war zone
good morning Tessa hey John Matt oh your
boy got an electric skateboard Oh
oh nice nice oh I'm gonna see if the
Martinez twins can ride this what Tina
I got an electric skateboard going to
try you know what this means yeah it
like you press it and it goes just press
it and it goes all right oh my god I'm
sorry
oh yeah dude this pool is so messed up
bro it's brand-new I think maybe I see
you know know if I'm gonna take an L
that means that you're gonna take it out
no no I never take out look at the
skateboards bubbling is breathing oh
well there's a phone and a skateboard in
there now are you mad at me it's even
right well this is the interesting way
it starts the morning guys
and if you are watching this Jake
callers I want to say good morning I
hope you are having a great day because
I'm not and as some of you are you know
we're commenting my upload
my last two videos have been screwed
because Premiere Pro which is the
editing software sucks and it's
literally broken we tried everything
multiple different systems and the
footage that we had was like corrupted
and so I wasn't able to upload and
edited or export or anything so I
apologize guys I'm super sorry you know
we're making up for it you still got
those videos they were just a little bit
late and if you're watching it it means
it's Valentine's Day so happy
Valentine's Day I'm single on
Valentine's Day if you're single like we
get wait wait wait no no no oh I'll have
a Valentine coming over I have a
Valentine coming over yo yo that's Oh
she'll be here in a little bit
stay tuned morning Nick more Thomas nigh
per oh I like your merch I don't know
why I found it I don't know what I mean
yeah it's actually in the description no
report shameless Oh Howard um did
we get the picture though you guys want
to see that picture when it comes out go
to my Instagram right now ad take Paul
and follow me sons opossums you guys
back hi so guys the prank wars are back
on and today I'm going to be pranking my
brother Logan Paul some of you might
know him from musically mainly musically
so I got his roommate Marc in on this
print I'm going to order a bunch of
pieces to his house and make Logan pay
for it and Mark is going to film the
whole thing behind the scenes for me so
I'm going to call Marc right now to
coordinate the plan yo are you at the
gym I was Logan there with you okay when
you get back just text me and because I
want to order the pizzas okay all right
okay I don't know I think like 2530
maybe yeah and then and then you just
have to you just have to like record it
when the pizza arrives and like his
reaction and stuff hi I'm get deliver
okay and you guys like have like giant
pizzas yeah like really big ones
how much is your large cheese pizza
um could I put in an order for 15 of
those yes for delivery hello so is your
store getting robbed why would you hang
up with the shoes
this is for delivery I just tried
calling you guys would someone like hung
up on me
so I just tried calling you guys and
someone hung up on me yeah I just would
like to put in an order for 15 of your
large cheese pizzas
my phone number is Logan and my last
name is Paul 15 of your large cheese
pizzas cash please
Oh like now okay awesome thank you you
know $200 for all those Logan I'm sorry
well you have to pay for that I don't
know how this is gonna go down so I'm in
my room right now Logan's actually at
the gym he's almost back so when he gets
back hopefully the pizza guy will arrive
ring the doorbell and we'll get his
reaction so stay tuned so March told me
that loewen's at the gym right now she's
gonna be home in like 45 minutes which
is right when the peaches are going to
be getting there and he's probably gonna
freak out your said Logan is going to
freak oh yeah I'm a savage Savage
University Oh meantime while this prank
is happening I'm gonna find other people
ah it's so easy
oh that I mean I dare you so what is
this tactic yo are you guys ready for
your date
wait what wait so you we can't do the
double date thing you guys have to
review the essays there in the comments
they're going to pick a date but
apparently America has a boyfriend again
what what so the pizza got there faster
than I expected Logan fills the gym I
don't know how Mark is handling the
situation oh my god this prank is not
working
hopefully it load and get back in the
gym like right now and like walks into
the scenario scenario oh my god Logan
just got back from the gym bringing in
some waters we're just waiting for the
pizza guy to come right now but I'll
check in with him see how his work out
what and then we'll just be a waiting
game
how was the gym bro oh I got soul today
the most roll I've gotten from the scene
Olympics 2020 Tokyo ah what do you got
going on today making final content Oh
Oh pick that water bottle box
oh yeah you are yeah I also got to on
the gym international chest day you got
that protein going someone is at this
door I get it
I always answer the door it's always yo
it's always just packages for Logan so I
don't even know why I answer something
up with the pizza look I didn't order
pizza
yeah I think my hasn't run out wait
Logan that's Logan ah I didn't know yeah
that's my phone number
um well I don't know I don't know how to
say this by do not order this Pete you
got a lot of pieces there how many
pizzas is it 5050 or $15 for man any or
the pizzas you playing a joke for the
vlog though I'm not funny like Gigi okay
how much is it
oh you look so nice mark do you want to
pay them I don't have cash can I hold
them I'm gonna go sell them okay I guess
I'll be out there I'll pay for them
that's a good man you are feel like $260
I don't know wallet these people have
the money
oh really yeah so Jake ordered all these
pizzas his brother Jake order all you
see are you dick ball he got a ball
Ohama babe come on where are you guys
you sitting your car does me no good
come into our building what we're going
to do is 15 pizzas and amount hand them
out to people such a good idea
you want a pizza tessa has come to the
rescue with the money Logan come pay the
man Tessa first off how are you get
happy in second off you are taking all
these pieces they're not okay I want to
see you guys oh here you go back here's
a guy I hope this is a good job signal
test to take it that's what you didn't
bring enough money you were store four
dollars no way guys here's the thing I'm
gonna take these people and on my
channel youtube.com slash Logan Paul
blogs I'm going to do a nice Valentine's
Day vlog where I find the Valentine's
using only pizza so make sure you come
over to my channel and like and
subscribe at youtube.com slash Logan
Paul vodka ridiculous come on ah he's
gonna give you the tip Jake ball that's
George Genco giving it a tip for you yo
this is insane bro it's kind of work on
me too but don't do it we can't do it
thanks for the pizzas Jake Jake get a
man I think it was more of a prank on
the other guy that it was my gosh yeah
look how good all just smell it it
smells great
oh and there's 15 of them I just can't
eat it wrong you know something that is
very sexy
that was funny bro
keep your eyes peeled I'm coming in hot
we got Logan I love the face to him oh
yeah
what you think you're funny yeah yeah
how your pizza is bro screw you Jake you
only left four dollars for $220 order
that's it
what do you got for me next Logan prank
wars son what's up you have no idea Jake
by the way
Secret Service security Frank like good
luck topping that rope pizza no you're
right you have brought yourself a storm
that's in the cells it caused a storm
I've never heard of what bubble storm I
do a blog every day I'm ready for you to
prank me but I hope you enjoy your
pizzas I'll see you later your little
girl that's how the Jake fathers do a
baby I think we're winning the prank
wars I think we're winning the prank
wars I haven't been pranked in a while
and when I do get pranked it's kinda you
know that's whatever I played off you
know you're my valentine is about to be
here do you have a Valentine
no okay well my Valentine is about to be
here when right now yeah your group yeah
it's a girl
okay nobody's fun Yeah right yeah it's
better than a pizza right I should get
our like flowers right what do they like
when is theirs right
oh there's roses look young dead roses
this is perfect okay all right my
Valentines about to be here I got this
play it cool play it cool you just paint
your brother you're a confident guy
you're young you're on Disney Channel
you have subscribers I got this no no no
no not nervous at all mMmmm bad that
time Oh Amanda my valentine ha oh I got
you a gift
yeah happy Valentine's Day
yes all for you I hope no no these are
fresh brand-new Donna just got them I
picked them myself
you picked it myself you say tennis at
the Rose please where's that north of
where here north of here North it look
like you're dying this is a fair like
protein shakes it's a special type of
rose I like your shoes by the way change
the subject
yeah I decided to change the subject no
no I can tell me that you bought the
flower specifically within the highest
stakes and I Jake I bought the right
about looking in nine about those
flowers just I picked those flowers for
you oh yeah yeah I just found those
those are on our counter right there
like I got those five seconds before you
walked in i mean like tag you on this on
my blog would just be like you me title
discreet title it you just title it
amanda cerny
yo this hairband
enjoy hey they're dead it's my valentine
I'm right here she's pretty we're so
we're working on that okay I need a
bigger and better gift I'll get you
something this is the Martinez twins oh
yes don't well not really my Valentines
didn't give me a proper yes yes oh cool
nope nope I already said that you're my
valentine on the blog and I'm posting
this so it's official I mean are you
leaving goodbye the time and she's good
right she's a she's a really nice girl
we get along great
she's cute right yeah she got she a lot
of followers on Instagram too that's a
plus right yeah because then we can post
like couple pictures you know yeah I'm
blow-up it's all about it's all about
couples right by Amanda cool cool cool I
mean she left her purse so once you got
any money
well guys it looks like I'll just tie
them back to being single I not
Valentine's Day
with you guys and you know maybe you can
slide in my DNS and we can you know
state cousin office me why not
Yvonne I got you a present oh it's a
sweatshirt uh yeah
Oh oh my god thank you nothing are you
scared of him Damon don't be scared bro
you know I got you the dick paulie's got
you
we're going to get you a visa don't cry
don't cry bro okay what's going on you
want to drink he's thirsty
get them some more yeah maybe a little
bit more maybe a little oh yeah okay I
think he's hydrated now hold on top are
you good okay
there seems to be some pent-up
aggression here like I said well I got
you in no one messes with team ten not
on my watch he's going away why I'm
gonna leave here that's right okay all
right put it out it's not going out it's
not going out someone call 911
today's notification shout-out goes to I
love puzzles 1 2 5
thank you so much for having my
notifications on guys if you want a
notification shout out all you have to
do is turn on my notifications and
comment when you're done and also teach
me how to focus my camera thanks yo I
uploaded the Drake video and there's a
flippin ghost in the video no there's a
ghost come look come look guys look look
look everyone's commenting about it
there's a ghost in the video watch okay
you see have you seen this
it goes right look like four seconds
watch okay so I'm climbing this fence
right you start to see it over here no
oh there's no way I find that again it
literally looks like a human watching
regular speed
we're here hmm
let me get Mario we should move out who
can explain this he's like whoa look
it's like a girl like a yeah look look I
go it's walking yeah I'm out I'm out I'm
out I'm saying with that ghost never
that homie I don't like that much in it
oh you guys ready to hit the gym yeah
that's it that yo cool oh well this is
the gym what are you talking
I don't know but I want to go to the gym
oh we're just I mean let's get that home
oh you got to want to catch we got some
surprises for tomorrow's vlog and yeah
you know I'll see you tomorrow
because every day bruh push make sure
your subscribe to keep up with my life
on a daily basis and you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake fall to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
