Wow what a great way to start the day
good morning Jay callers we are out here
let's just get the dish started let's go
I just got this car guys hope so I'll
see you guys later peace out you would
trust you easy no it's my car
trust me no I'll act like it's my car oh
we got that sport mode yo we're so out
here right now listen to this Oh mom I
made it in someone else's car exact I
didn't make action I'm sorry yo so I got
this new Lambo um I'm just I'm fake
flexing out here but oh my god I'm in
heaven I mean I'm just gonna stay right
here all day look at this interior so
many buttons oh my gosh
okay I don't even know how to start it I
mean yeah I know I know how to start it
this here oh my gosh oh my gosh we got
to push you in sport mode like like I'm
just going to stay here bro you can have
it wrote into it really so Jake polish
can have it yeah
is that what you call them yes yeah look
it's on the back of my shirt oh my god
you got your own verse two mugs muggles
Lincoln buy a Lincoln bar basically this
is like holy crap and this is like oh my
god guys like that okay so forever
courses that corset equals decimals yeah
okay so now if I just I just oh my god
listen I'm dead this is so
I'll see you later
one day I'll have it I have one one day
that's where all right Liam you're going
to drive my truck okay and I'm gonna go
with Blake in his audience because we
fun oh you're gonna go faster than Blake
shotgun that's the only option
all right so Blake's got this all right
we're about to whip in are we going to
top down all right so you guys don't
know Blake flex one of my friends and
he's it
oh my god he's an actor Blake sauna just
was on a Disney show so that's how we
know each other Disney family right here
and we're about to have some fun Tim's
in my whip and Jake's Tacoma famous on
Instagram if you guys didn't know I mean
whatever
slow down now now the sign officer we
are just casually strolling yeah no I
found uh Jake Waller say what's good bro
what's up yo guys Jake polish this one
really some keep killing it
yo why is everyone over here look at
this truck over here look at this
whoo these six right here what is that a
Porsche we got to come over there come
on now
oh my god all right guys we're dipping
out of here so still going to do some
car stuff so stay tuned so what does it
say in a taller better-looking version
of Jake Paul people do get me what
everyone's want to rap me under this
gotta fill up some petrol oil you gotta
feed the baby I'm switching cars Blake
I'm cheating on you you know I just got
to switch it up go on in here guys as
soon as I get the RS back I'm gonna be
whipping with these guys Jake's Tacoma
keeps up though you know I'm saying it's
a beast
I bought two Lamborghinis me yeah yeah
we're yeah it's in my vlog you have to
watch it oh okay yep
okay next and you didn't do it in
yesterday's video because I don't know
where you were but can you just do it in
honor of yesterday's video drink
house cookie sale a list of that the
only reason why exist is for that right
there that's a moment of it
mmm what was it least in Quebec City
like today I already did it
riding around in Lamborghinis I'm good
ah true Tom what we're working on yeah
you're right
okay no you're stuck at piano someone
yells in there you're gonna throw this
in the pool the next time someone yells
and and what are you gonna do I'm gonna
throw this in the fall why cause I hit
Oh what yeah it went into the lagoon you
can't even see the bottom of our pool
because they put so many marshmallows
Erika I can't stand that thing I really
can't wake everybody up
who's everybody a little baby shouldn't
be sleeping and maybe you should be
working
yo guys on the real though like where
are we gonna live you know we don't have
a house guys no we can't no we shouldn't
move to Malibu no there's no one there
no big houses the street money instead
of saying people talking up Excel we
should just live in them and see if they
notice oh we should go to a mattress
store and put there I was homeless how
about you you are on this na yeah na you
want to say hi to your mom again why
doesn't she come here
Oh mommy let me follow really hi mom
I love you so you you broke up video
boyfriend okay
I don't know if it's like a long-term
thing or a short-term thing but and how
do you feel about this
I feel really wow not relieved but I got
like relieved
yeah this is why it's impossible for
guys daughters and girl I feel relief
not relief but early but relieved now
he's just you know it was me I don't
really know it was both of us so I can't
date someone of you er no I don't know
how old are they guys comment below
Erica
you guys are dating well guys you know
if you think you wanted a haircut just
comment below I mean would you like a
bachelorette on my blog we should
actually fly someone out yo right now I
feel like while I may be going a nice
date guys if you're a bro Jake caller
out there and you want to take these two
ladies on the date you and your friend I
will fly you out here it's still in this
whole system I swear
yes we over 18 me on my date oh I feel
taking it too much so like you're 17 and
older you like hike and just then all I
hike they just you guys are you guys
have great personalities if you're
brewing huh why was that I was going to
so you guys just good-looking but thanks
for singing we're gonna boogie
so much fun he said we have three
personalities yeah I don't know what
we're talking got if you're a bro Jake
faller I want you guys in the comments
okay it's related essay on why you
should take them on a date I'm going to
I swear I'm going to pick like my
favorite ones and maybe maybe I'll fly
you guys out here to take them on a date
yeah down yeah dubby such a frail all
areas our guys write an essay and I'm
going to pick this little and I'm just
going to be in the corner like nice she
takes all right then yeah on the date
too also I really like sushi so that's a
thing that you like that's what we're
doing a bachelorette very bones yes long
really yeah that's what I can with one
guy or a longer one dog but there's two
girls for this one that's correct
where they're fine I'm having a bro Jake
callers write a paragraph in the
comments on why they should oh I I
should fly them out to Los Angeles to
take them on a date and they logged the
whole thing right I have nobody rain for
the next day this all came from me
talking about Erica breaking up with a
boyfriend
but now she's already up for sale a lot
offered a 360
why is this camera at me
yeah prove it hey what'd I get thrown
under the bus well I've been holding the
camera like why are you going to come as
we can regard Oh cause you like 2:17 rap
song q rocks off the rock didn't help I
mean ballet music and slow motion no I
almost died for this one guys also
everyone who buys March thank you so so
much I try to follow you guys on Twitter
like all of your posts everyone is
wearing the Drake polymers nowadays what
oh you're not wearing any of this yeah
you are yo yo I told you guys everyone's
getting Jake Walmart's the link is in
the bio you guys to check it out also
today's notification shoutout goes to
hunter north from alaska yep I love my
Alaskans out here thank you guys so much
if you guys want to know if the game
shut up not yet me nope not yet
shut up people say I'm a friendly guy if
you guys want to know the case
if you guys want to notice it if you
guys want to notification shout out all
you have to do is turn online
notification is gum when you're done and
I will see you tomorrow it gives us
every day we're all peacocks make sure
your subscribe to keep up with my life
on a daily basis and you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 checkers see you guys
tomorrow
