you can just send them over right now
yeah yeah we'll send them right over
should be about that
you
Oh wake up kids it's breakfast time
laughing oh wow this is great
whoa have my breakfast and today is
going to be a great day but guys I have
a problem and the problem is is that
everyone in the team ten house is gone
Lucas and Marcus left last night miss
you guys
Alyssa's gone Tessa's asleep I don't
even know where the rest of the people
are AJ's probably singing somewhere and
so I was like yo Who am I gonna block
with today and then I realized I don't I
don't have any friends and so I was like
googling I was like yo I need to find a
service that I can hire some friends
also check out that Jake Palmer plug
plug plug link is in the bio and so I
found this service you can call and rent
people to hang out with for the day so
I'm going to give them a call
honestly and see like who I can rent or
if they have any like vloggers or no
maybe cool any cool beat one I'm down
shows anyone in blog with anyone hi I
just Carolyn's friendship services
awesome so I'm not really like familiar
with how your guys's service works but
I'm basically looking for you know maybe
one or two people to hang out with for
the day I make videos online well I
happen to have a family
mama gotta shoot twin babies it's not
work yeah I mean do they blog or
anything yeah it actually is like
probably perfect for what you're looking
for no way okay awesome
I can just text you or my address or
whatever and you can just send them over
right now yeah yeah what's that right
over should be about that
okay thank you so much sir sure but oh
my god let's what we're what we're all
my gosh
so I'm gonna have friends so I'm gonna
wait like 45 minutes 30 minutes whatever
how long it takes for them to get here
and I'm going to have new friends for
the day guys so I will see you in one
hopefully they're okay with me vlogging
hey what's up guys
no way it's a baby vlogger oh hi
I like your camera yeah she's the
profession of water and family
oh wow this is amazing what are their
names
Tatum in Oakley which ones which longer
Tatum Oakley and what's your guy's name
Oh Kylie
Madison nice to meet you this is a Jake
Pollard's Oh Jake baller yeah and I'm
Jake Paul going on Jake Wow
yeah morning guys come on in come on
yeah yeah we're um in the end yeah and
that that area is fine
that's fine that's this is great this is
it let's a little beard roll with it you
want to walk oh look it she's got it
hi you vlog those not as good at
vlogging so here we can vlog ready
what's up Jake callers and welcome back
to us today
hi you took you the how many subscribers
they got I'm playing I'm playing it's
about what's on the inside not about
your subscriber count or is it oh my god
this is accuracy you see us busy Jenna
do you better watch it you got the
camera
it's all you oh you're you're putting on
me now oh are you really
Wow Wow they are naturals so uh what do
you guys want to do well I mean you've
hired at home yeah yeah you're right
right ah I'm chillin chillin whose joke
you don't you Martinez I got a present
for you come here I got these for you
they're twin girls
you guys I speak to them in a different
language because it's like twin
telepathy or something Oh Oh fistfight
brawl worldstar worldstar yeah I'll get
it
oh you got it oh I'll get it there you
go oh do I carry one of them which one
would you like I like I like the one
that's not crying
this one's cool now I just got to take
it like this yep oh nice like this oh hi
hi oh oh this oh my gosh oh my gosh okay
this is great this is great hi I like it
subscribe Oh buddy okay I'm gonna be a
great dad one day oh yeah you want to
touch the Jake parlor you like the Jake
polish I mean I like them too they're
great they're great people I don't know
if this is if I'm causing this happen or
what it is but you know I'm just oh oh
wow this one's curling on my head
boys got my hair it's got my hair Oh
Suns aggressive okay I'm taking this one
guys what do you want to go
the world is so bad you can do anything
you want you can accomplish your dreams
out here this is Los Angeles you guys
you guys want to be famous sign the team
tents all you got to do coming to Los
Angeles
they'll put you on Disney Channel no you
don't want to be recorded I'm not TMZ
fine for these people I got them off the
internet
mmm you like - yeah like twins are you
going to get to their new members of
team temple yeah they're good right here
is their kids they're going to blow up
right yeah I know they're cute you know
I figured Lucas Marcus left oh yeah so
we had to get we had to have a twin
balance like you know my skit my twin
scale was like or Chris like freaking
out yes I got so I got them like $40 or
so this is dope don't use it like feed
them so what you guys like you guys want
to do anything well I think it'd be fun
if you should take a baby to today yeah
now a guy like that has a helicopter we
could go to some clothes doesn't Megan I
mean the Jay Paul is like how like that
I mean I'm down I'm down let me get
gonna call him real quick and then we
can be done
all right cool yeah I just want to say
thank you guys he has really awesome
oh thank you for hiring it yeah yeah
they're just thrown on kind of Jobbik
yeah I mean a dad or two it's just super
so difficult but we should do this more
often
of course you can do it anytime yeah all
right well let's see if Reed in the
helicopter
yeah yeah that's dope this the
helicopter it's dope you know the guy
who owns this always over that guy's
there yet apparently it was helicopters
been in more Hollywood film any
helicopter world
so we're famous this is so nice
helicopter high what else do you want to
do I should go back in again clay yeah
we should probably go alright dope so
what would you do while we are gone you
make friends with the team tanners I
made a basically leading to crime
turns on my shelf though the lives of
one I want Romans are hostage and you
look at everything covered because I
really enjoy you or what I'm interesting
within the covers so high I love you oh
I don't got I don't know are you
subscribed yellow she like froze up
please subscribe
yeah ah should know you better subscribe
right now or you're going to go home kid
have you ever played popcorn on the
trampoline the other game popcorn break
the poker screen okay now you have to
try I'm going to jump as hard as I can
and you have to try to not break your
ball you understand got it okay I'm play
alright I got a hundred on left I got at
least 60 on alright alright three two
one right
go go go
I don't know what are you doing
what is the money thanks for the little
I got a win for hit the whip no wrong
way wrong way don't go CDs don't get so
big there you go come on race for it
it's a solid Hondo what are you doing
you're slacking kid put my money
what kind of like awkward you know I
mean it's kind of awkward with this
whole situation you like jam please yes
okay you want me to bounce you as high
as you can go yeah you want me to bow to
your thighs you can go already three two
one Oh hmm that's fine just walk away
just walk oh just watch what I do my bat
heads good right you like we're good do
you like it yeah I think this one poop
so no no you guys got to go I'm serious
you gotta go all right right sorry sorry
yeah yeah doors over here the door is
right here
now they could say yes the pan is
perfect visual drop
oh is that a door bye yeah I wish you
could just say you know I'm kicking your
parents out but I wish you could just
stay for a while
I mean I'm dying what weekend looking
for some new people so get out yeah cool
guys the whole thing was a joke those
are my friends
Kyler and medicine and they're two twins
Tatum and Oakley they have like a family
channel I'll put the link in the
description that's so cute guys a lot of
babies but I'm not trying to add them
what's next you go I'll work back what's
poppin yo what is this what is this what
is this you're gonna jump in there's a
human in there
yeah hit you yo yo oh he's alive he's
like stand up come on that's the lights
not the light my heart there no one
knows that means you know that means
yeah oh you're so easy to scare why'd
you scream in yesterday's vlog because
the paper got me if you see me after a
long I didn't yeah did we lose our house
and so we're not living or how can I
live in that other cause I don't we
don't get so really cool amazing for
really jeez
now I have to live in the streets and
Skid Row
here we go sunshine oh my god the even
less rain
no you don't even list actually do you
even eat a hamburger screw I'm stopping
the feedback what strap on the feedbags
does that mean you're hungry might can
you get out almost up on the feed bag
and I'll be right back but you probably
don't even have this mic you're only you
in a vertebra Jake taller thank you so
much for watching today's notification
shout-out goes through Michelle Kent
from Arkansas Thank You Michelle so much
for having my notifications on guys if
you want a shout out in tomorrow's video
all you have to do is turn on my
notifications and comment when you are
done and I will see you tomorrow
Corre national tree house maybe because
it's everyday bra just make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 shirt see you guys
tomorrow
