just like take their seats right
sometimes you got to take it so you make
it
ha
no I'm Braille no you'll be good boy to
take polish what are you doing what are
you doing here Oh what are you doing my
lot put it up get out come on sing about
it cause definite end of water sorry
about that guys I Cody - he has no chill
he has no job honestly though I really
don't know what I'm doing but we're
gonna do it show my car is in the shop
and tanner tanner
get away from my car bro no don't you
touch my car get away oh my god
don't no no no no don't get away just
get away
such a tease such a tease okay I'm gonna
test your car when do you call me bro
haha I'll be like three fucking likes
hang out up there all day only stay over
my files do it I for sure
stop alright so my car's in the shop as
the rap getting all picked out and and
you're like sends me a text message of
him like messing with it I'm like Jojo
no way that's my boy though house update
guys we're trying to get a bigger house
right now 14 10 because Martinez wins
they don't want to sleep over there I
don't want to sleep in McCune we're
working on it bro but the problem is is
that the house that we found it yeah but
they want us to commit to moving in like
four days from now but we still have
this place for three more months so we
might have two offices before like three
ones
oh the reason why that's like painful
and I went oh is because what that means
that we're going to be paying for both
places but we don't want to miss the
other place do you see my math here it's
painful it's painful I'll keep you guys
updated on the house situation we're
like going back and forth with the
Realtors right now to figure out what
we're going to do so we might have an
answer by the end of this vlog so uh
good morning Tessa good morning how'd
you sleep
what tap tap into the depth nah
I'm silly yo I'm dead right now
my mom ordered some of my Jake polar
merch and she like just randomly sends
me this video hey Jake Pollard's check
out my merch you should get some yo mom
it's so awkward and it feels like a
commercial mom I'm going to teach you
how to make videos mom but thank you mom
I keep on saying mom say your mom first
buying my merch and trying to plug it I
don't know what to say but yeah guys if
you want some of the ish the link is in
the bio so yeah mom we just got to work
on your it's got to be feel more natural
so hey Jake ballers like what's up guys
check out some of my murse not like hey
look at my merch it's okay mom we'll
work out call me and I'll walk you
through it yo I honestly don't know why
we even have this channel like no one
ever plays it so absolutely sister what
if we just like get a piano player like
I'm gonna play for ya yeah yeah you
watch my stuff what's your name AJ
Mitchell oh okay yeah would you do could
you play something for us sir yeah okay
don't know
play
yeah
oh well you killed it I am so so I'll
see you later
yet were you yeah yep
well oh yeah well I mean it was it was
good while you yeah yeah see how that
could be useful
yeah future situations big with a girl
and you're like oh shit you're amusing
you yeah and something like that yeah
cool let's go out it so what do you want
to do let's go somewhere else
I'm not I'm not gonna go anyway
oh my god it only works the piano player
yeah yo my boy here has got the
unreleased easy sleek restore everything
ah now we're just youtubers things we
didn't make it like that yeah section
could you just like take their seats
right sometimes you got to take it today
originally they're all here I'm not only
think all not coming out
take it down nothing scheduled don't
play yourself yeah you know I think the
only thing I'm not I'm so happy
Joe were out here that's right live in
that record computer Bob my new lab was
called greatness because I'm very great
don't play itself and never play stuff
don't play yourself kid also I respect
his plug DJ Khaled knows are always plug
the mom that is how you plug you know
we're talking about the coaching earlier
you know just like who it awkwardly did
it super organically like you wouldn't
have even noticed it he just threw it
right into his sentence that's my boy DJ
don't play yourself okay kids a major
key alert got it I'm not okay yeah guys
are so much fun it was for dj khaled
announcing the title of his new album
which is going to be coming out soon
don't have to go to some meetings and I
will be right back yeah dope transition
Jake thanks Jake what's up Teddy how are
you good
yeah I'll fight you gonna fight Teddy
down did you guys make a video with this
yeah is it going viral I don't know how
they knows what I mean to be honest it's
so cute daddy abuser
run Nick get a girl oh I'm done I'm done
as I'm funny anymore I'm genuinely sis
left Nick let's reason here bro she said
she thinks she dislocated his arm I want
a lot a thousand dollars we just uh take
that I'm done
he paid me off your dick balls you have
to understand something he paid me off
I'm done
Nikki come out seriously you want the
Taser you want no do you want it Oh
didn't even do anything
yeah done you could ask and I got a
slutty come out
Wow he's crazy
we need to replant that water fish we're
gonna do that giant cran Nick what's a
blog you probably didn't expect to be
all the way up here look at where we are
right now again we are up to something
should we tell them
three Tamil rostov we're no here we have
to wait and see you know we're not
allowed to be up here look how dope this
view is we make you stop but Jake
ballers we're probably about to get
chased out of here thank you so much for
watching I will see you tomorrow because
it's everyday breath make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow peace
