parking enforcement giant truck
traveling team ten house I do that -
everybody everybody will watch my blog
when it rings no you know wake up no
isn't that the best thing to wake up you
good morning guys I just dropped my
mixtape I thought fire yo so RC but yo
guys come look at this
yo someone tried to put our house for
sale I mean it's kind of weak right
there isn't a lot maybe we should use
our low this month you know what is this
how many times are going to sell it what
is this you can't just do this this you
hey hey was this you did you sell our
house I don't trust it though come on
chance
what do you guys want to do today I got
some ideas so guys Nick and I are trying
to find a new house for the team tend to
live at and it's actually like a hard
process we found one but like all these
people are giving it offers in the Los
Angeles market is like super competitive
and so the struggle is real but know
that whatever house we get it's going to
be bomb bro like we want to be 14 times
bigger than this house so what you say
judging random la corte team I don't
know what are those you guys the first
good morning testa how are your eggs I
wouldn't know they haven't happened yet
they're good
the batteries that man right after this
intermission of this battery charging
we'll be right back to your regular
scheduled programming of the drone file
fine fine oh yeah
it's so easy so I own a giant army truck
and you guys haven't even seen it yet in
the vlogs like I put it in one vlog like
a long time ago when the Jake Pollard's
were just a little group of people but
our poppy so we're gonna go get this
giant army truck it's lit to me it will
lit lit lit clips like this let's all no
shut up whoa yes yes yes this is what we
do for fun in America for instance this
is why you guys you guys gotta move here
okay you guys are crazy
we're crazy right yeah sane if we want
to have fun we please get efficient
pointless is no no we drive trucks man
savage people yes yes you're right
learning they're learning so good it's
an everyday progression and I love them
for the work that they're putting in go
look at all this room for shenanigans
like what's about to go down when we go
back to the team penthouse I have no
idea I also want to see if Emilio can
drive this thing do you think you could
drive it yeah so what I didn't realize
that someone would have to drive my
truck back and I would be driving this
big thing and Emilio can't drive yo no
come on bro you have to pay attention no
you can't drive this back I'm gonna have
to leave my truck here I'm gonna have to
leave my truck here oh ah all right get
in kids look how big this thing is y'all
wizzy just Jeep hey hey
but okay
we're home
yeah look at how far this thing sticks
out past the driveway oh I wish I could
tell rise like yeah it's for you Nikolas
well this is how we do it in America
y'all how do you say giant mega truck a
giant army truck yeah yo you know it's
electric right which means electric it's
like a Tesla took a giant Tesla oh yeah
it is making weird noises yo it did just
hear what watch it watch it yeah yeah
the other Tesla alright that's uh look
what I got I guess for you oh you like
it girls and trucks talk about mark so
here's what I'm thinking
we put a trampoline here and just like
come flying off of it ya know it's safe
all right we got the trampoline here
let's set it up cool now that's what I'm
talkin about it he let's rip this thing
cops are here yeah we're just using it
for our big trucks getting a ticket man
this sucks
they said it's blocking the street
walking the haters mMmmm blocking out
the haters guys before we do this I want
to give today's notification shout-out
to Mac earnt from South Carolina Thank
You Mac for having my notifications on
guys if you want a shout out in
tomorrow's video all you have to do is
turn on my post notifications and
comment when you are done' best reineck
parking enforcement giant truck
trampoline team ten house I do that dang
yo it's actually kind of high yeah like
I can see fully in two years Alyssa's
room my bros you'll know what I'm
thinking
so really a lot of a rest and peace so
you guys are going to try and tow it now
it has a license plate on the back the
numbers are the license plate they're
going to try and tow Big Big Bertha they
can't tow big Big Bertha don't get ran
over kind of sketch right Tessa's mom if
you're watching this it was all her idea
I didn't I didn't promise her to do any
of this
it was good you did it high five good
morning Kate what I'll do that yeah go
for it bro hey I love this place you
just comes by crazy shits crazy stuff
going on great there she is
wait I ruined your office that's unsane
bro my man will die it's actually really
sketch
alright so finally on this thing charge
and we're going to throw us jumping on
the trampoline with a phone
if you said you bro taking services yo
are you sure about this bro
whoa it looks really good on the phone
came from same bro oh my god there you
go Wow is it rolling to this or history
I don't even really have to do anything
now walking to follow me no way no way
no way the phone is down my aside your
own attacks
you'll have to check it out already
Oh what oh that was so cheesy filling
through to the second floor whoa just go
in there grab it here no no no what
that's uh I don't know ah it didn't work
at all
Park you're on the ground it's fine a
lot of better you came out yeah hotel
phones you know so good oh we're good
we're good we control the frisbee does
not work no frisbee launch does not work
no that probably wouldn't work either
actually unless you're talking about
Instagram follow me at Jake pause plug
okay you want to do flips backwards yeah
yeah
they love doing flip do it look at guys
parking enforcement's waiting to try and
tell us oh look the tow truck is here we
ought to do oh my god I'll exhibit yo we
gotta move the chaplain I remove Nick's
what do you think's going on there's a
tow truck I want to choose them a little
bit okay now the neighbors are getting
really mad we got to tease them a little
bit because the tow truck we've dealt
with the situation before and like look
it we're not causing any harm they're
saying we're blocking the sidewalk but
the tow truck has to drive an hour to
get here because it's a massive tow
truck look Jake callers it's everyday
bro they don't want us to have giant
trucks just going to discu-- avoid the
problem but I'm going to see if I can
tease them a little bit are they gonna
tow it I'm gonna move it though hoping
to be able do anything with that hey I'm
just trying to be friendly you know I'm
just trying to make friends and like you
know that's all I want how are you then
we're out here yo I don't see the truck
anymore do you guys do you guys see the
truck where to go uh and tow it now
whoa-ho the power of magic now we got to
go bye guys sorry for wasting your time
I didn't want it to happen that I want
it to happen
oh shoot oh my gosh
yo when I was wearing this shirt today I
meant it PETA is my Valentine yo mmm-hmm
leaving my Valentine
but guys I'm the real if you're going to
be single like me on Valentine's Day and
you'll have one of these shirts we are
selling like a limited number of them
right now we'll put the link in the
description and for every shirt sold
three meals get donated to the San
Francisco Food Bank we're trying to do
good stuff here and make an impact on
the world as well as like you know if a
lot of you're single and they're going
to feel lonely skew the pieces my
Valentine shirt I'm going to be wearing
one on Valentine's Day and if you order
now you can get it before Valentine's
Day so going on I love you pizza I love
you so much
next hit the Taser he's giving me the
Taser while you rolling this you're just
going to get me a sooner than huh huh
you have two hiding spots for I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna Nick Nick Nick trust
me you really piss me off
yo come on yo shaving cream oh no I know
you have to go to a dinner in a second
you don't want to get this on you give
me the Taser set it on the ground and
run away don't you kill yourself Nick
whoa why would anyone give me this you
only know you're you want to do it by
neck you let go ela leu you should look
I'm
I'm Nick he's about to leave I'm gonna
do that every day make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on a
daily basis and you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow peace
