20 jalapenos or taser let's do this baby
is asleep right now in Melissa's room
and we are going to do the buried alive
prank normal market agaton that's a good
end of lesson we need more blankets
always plug it okay so this is underwear
in that is the buried alive prank is
where you go into someone's room polish
leaving you put a ton of blankets over
them it's like a lot of weight and like
pressure and they feel like they're in a
coffin and guys this would only work
because like they're just waking up and
then they're still asleep while all of
this weight is on them and you play an
ambulance noise then you should to talk
like it's going to be okay it's going to
be okay she's going to make it through
it she's gonna make it through it and
then freak out - let's do it
okay
Oh
it's gonna be ok it's gonna be ok it's
gonna be ok it's gonna be ok yeah she
was so scared you they'd be like well I
can only imagine like waking up to that
are you mad at me don't be mad at me
you're alive
good morning you couldn't breathe no
makes it more real guys we got so much
fan mail from you I was reading through
all of it last night I'm gonna get to
opening the rest of it but thank you
guys so much for sending the surgery
good morning guys a proper good morning
and we killed that prank
and also another high-five for putting
Justin Beaver's house up for sale
yesterday after what I'm talking about
so right now I'm going to call the real
estate agents that sold Justin Bieber
sighs I'm gonna say hey I noticed that
you put your house up for sale I'll be
interested in buying it do what he says
and you know I asked to put on my
character run take
you have reached the voicemail of three
one zero
hey RI ron't a year and I was driving by
your rental property this morning and I
noticed a for sale sign in the front
yard and that's four four
and so I was wondering if it's up for
sale or up for rent I'd love to move
into the spot so if you just give me a
call back that'd be awesome thanks sorry
you know he's not giving me a call that
because it's not for sale
oh my gosh got a fun challenge for you
guys planned in a second I will be right
back no there's a British guy with a
Taser
oh yeah who gave the sanitizer did you
give this guy a taser also did you know
fist fight now I had surgery man which
makes name in gnarly because I'm about
to get tased five days after Gonzaga
Haysom hey I mean Trump calling Trump
I'm gonna take him back to the UK now
who's in control
come on Quinn come on come on
you won shut up Lincoln back up back up
back up
no you won't do something I'll do it
I'll flip and do it it's not y'all right
so what's the deal we're going to eat 20
jalapeno peppers last night I was in a
house new pepper 20 you're getting 20
bro don't even watering so last time I
was like I'm going to be if I can eat so
we're gonna need 20 of them and I can't
explain side of my brain is in my cell
now we're getting 30 jalapeno pepper
today and if we don't we're going to get
taste so last night I was even house a
new pepper and I thought to myself yeah
wonder how many of these I can eat seems
legit seems legit so now I was like I
think I need five then back out but they
keep back out he didn't eat so we find
it a season I'm sorry so it's 8:20
jalapeno peppers okay you went down to
20 now like 20 or 30 you want to do 40
up to 20 what okay you guys is 30 my
morning my 20 weirdest one Eastern
30 20 20 and if you don't hit your
number of jalapeno peppers then you get
tased
okay like it has like a good paisa okay
if it is that you hold for two seconds
so it can't be one of those like it's
good it likes to want all like like like
yeah one two oh okay
jalapeno pepper taser challenge
you mean are ya Tessa are you being a
part of this no other words like that
pepper we get hey you can spend helping
10/10 peppers
okay so Tessa's in on this now let's
give them all videos guy opinion yo
those are massive I think each one
concerts to because they're normally
like this oh my God we're all gonna die
we're all gonna flip and I don't want to
do that you all eat it right now hi
doggy you want a jalapeno you wanna know
chill heat pounds of jalapeno peppers oh
my yeah are you eating that
yeah so here give me this I'm in charge
of the Taser now it's hot
he tested one he's already dying alright
so we're cutting the big ones up into
what would normally be one jalapeno
pepper because these are like giant ones
and then we're just going to dive into
it
five-nothing you're going first yeah
alright that's ten one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten
kya yeah you can of whatever you want
motivate her oh I hope she got oh my
gosh oh my gosh that's only two right
there
nothing where are you right there how
many do what motivates faster how you
not dying right now okay sometimes
jalapenos are slightly though sometimes
they're mellow so then too many I'm Ella
water and you oh yes you quickie quick
to be quick quick women more than got
two four six get eighteen quick good no
this is here
ice here has been drawn oh my really
loses its card right now and just start
off now excuse it might take a while you
don't wanna do it to our wall okay the
bad tummy is at two three four five six
seven eight nine 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
18 19 to 20 yo wait I'm going right now
- oh my gosh apparently I'm going even
the big yo 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 no you guys gonna
do 30 right
three more yeah morning about it like
that look at this years bro yo test is
about to finish
tessa did not want to get to know ya i'm
going standing up already
just really done ready oh if you mean
she's puking no she tells one more ready
set go
started so hot oh my god yeah well again
taste our God supposes nothing Almighty
when I'm only three in words bro don't
do it don't do it don't do it so good it
work yeah you know sometimes in life but
you're working smart and not hard
I'm not gonna hit twenty I'm just not
only seven eight thirteen oh my god I
believe nowhere had three oh you guys
are about to go I made the right
decision Chad stop how many did you get
I got 12 yeah I made the right decision
to stop because I was leaning into
twenty so I mean I tried now we're at
taste in a second
oh hi my name is five not gonna make it
Oh What's Wrong Savage boy oh it's easy
to jump off of a roof this is harder
hello who is that
he's Donna he's done
oh wait what do you think about it
earlier yeah what are you saying bro why
are you crying why are you crying rope
I'm the smart one you I just cancelled
right when I knew I wasn't going to make
it
oh you know I got your brother I'm here
with you
I'm here with no student you're trying
to finish yours well just stop you're
not going to make it how many I don't
know he cheated
stop cheating no I saw you put a motor
captain did you see it no no no how many
shoot more yes my boy is powering
through this before social media you
guys were in a gang right so team ten
took you out of the hood I'm doing
something numb if something happens to
me my code on my phone is 18 there you
go dad's girlfriend yeah it's like a
wait here I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
tase you in my hand not on it she may
like this one too boom one already
here's how I'm going to do it I'm going
to give you a countdown moving go 5 4 3
2 1 go alright ready
alright 5 star no no no no I'm gonna do
a countdown 5 4
yo I'm such a good friend when you go
off of a countdown your body is more
relaxed and better prepared for it I'm
helpful how does it feel it's not bad
better than it hurts a little bit but
better than asking you alright so you're
gonna taze me thanks I guess it's
payback for us doing the prank earlier
yeah if you scare me you scaring me
alright stop stop stay back stay back
stop stop I'm not playing around with
this you have a footman chaser I think
I'm gonna drop my blog entry blog uh
yeah can you do it man good good you
hold it on him he could pop out yeah
give him a quick that ways luck with
your yo-yo oh no I need that every
morning oh my gosh hey get back yes
you're getting tails getting tazed see
what I'm a seventh boy no you're not but
I'm a hard one no you're not you didn't
eat your stuff Haysom this is what do
you guys can do double so you just stand
by the wall and I'll go to goofy and
then sighs all right you want to fight
fight yeah I'll tase you and then fight
you you know what I feel like you have
your things on yeah imma face my mouth
Jesus yeah they were running their mouth
no I really hurt no you're fine come on
yeah it hurt so ah what so else now this
Julia do it again do me convexity that
was it again yeah I see you little girls
little girls
man come on everyone
she's older than me sorry big ballers
it's everyday now and before I taste
them today's notification shout out to
make it the songs of them Megan oh stop
yo Megan Deandra from Oklahoma Megan I
love you thank you so much for having my
notifications on guys guys if you all
shout it out in tomorrow's video we have
to do is lady go what happened for me
okay thank you really huh yeah this for
me oh yeah no nigga I'm like I'm not
gonna do crazy British guys tax-free
with Tasers coming up coming up three
I don't think job I kind of missed the
second one James a bit longer then you
get it toothache you know right it's
dead
it starts in 15 minutes all right we got
them are you actually like really hurt
by what you actually got really messed
up yeah but you want to fight me this is
why you cannot touch Jake outside Savan
oh here you go take a them now test me
off how about that yep it's all battery
just let me know this is the shortest
one now I'm going to actually dance
people died I'm done
Jake Poehler today has been super lit
thank you so much for watching I have to
go to the gym and go and do some
business stuff but I will see you guys
tomorrow because it's everyday bro
