yo oh dude it is engaging it can let me
found a back way in this this is an
umbrella um Briella okay close enough
okay so when it rains you know you know
when the rain you put this over your
head she's buying you press that to open
it and then you just yeah you just like
put the UH press it here press it and
then it opens up and you put it over
your head when it rains for rain
he's only poor boy yo I told Emilio look
at this umbrella you know for the rain
okay cool do you want to press the
button what you know this you take it
easy
yo Jake you know it's a bad luck to open
umbrella inside right yeah I mean stuff
we not good luck all right all right you
know get up get up get them oh no not
the water water water water
oh good night Jake parlours you guys
loved when I say that because at
nighttime do you know things go down and
what do we what to do
I don't know tells us come on look
really try yourself over Olivia okay
okay Justin your house for six were
pudding we are who now with Justin
Bieber's how not for example close tore
it up up for sale ah no then I top top
no up top but okay
it took me 45 minutes of stalking he's
currently Elizabeth yeah going to be
inside while we're doing it it's his
residence okay when I'm coming oh
they're coming and boiler time justin
bieber's house up the sales yeah so guys
when I put the Kardashians house up for
sale
Google their address four seconds later
I had the address
Justin Bieber's house let me tell you
was the hardest address to find it's not
anywhere the only clue that I had was
that it was in Toluca Lake California
which is like 30 minutes from us right
now the rest of it I literally I feel
like a fangirl I had to watch YouTube
videos about his house look at the
surroundings and then I figured out
where he lived so okay guys so this is
the Google image I'm on Google Maps
right now and I had to find this house
I'm not going to show you guys the
details just for his privacy but this is
his house being renovated right when it
was first started being built notice the
pool the pool house and this is the main
house and then this is the yard
I'll show you guys pictures right now to
reference so you guys see that this is
actual house okay so as you'll see this
is a pool the house this is it from the
pool house the yard with the palm trees
the pool house pool main house back to
Google Maps pool pool house
palm trees main house we'll go guys
gonna give away chess board chess board
we go back your chess pieces mmm
chess pieces wow I didn't even realize
that one good job Casey's Sherlock
Holmes guys we still don't know if this
is a gated community or not and we're
just gonna have to see what we're gonna
get ourselves into right now and like
always these kids might get deported if
we get caught
I know men's habits that's their only
vocabulary but it's fine because they're
funny they're learning chill
only this is who's next great drinks
nectar they want to do drink next I'm
down you make sure you guys are
subscribed to that one let's go mmm
perfect for sale by owner Justin Bieber
yo should get like letters and like
spell out something fun oh my gosh what
oh my god okay all right fine you know
what you're right he won't know that
that happened until you watch the vlog
tomorrow
I could definitely make it to the top
secrecy oh my gosh it's so cool climb I
made it I made it mom
dip dip Justin Bieber's house is up for
sale now Justin Bieber's house is for
sale now also like and subscribe here at
J collar I love you and also our
purchase now for sale
Thank You Home Depot emigres a Tuesday
this workers like did you get permission
to use that phone you know I'm like yeah
we were just like yeah it she's like
okay you know any good realtor ah yeah
you do because I'm selling my friend's
house form but I really don't want to do
it you know I mean for sale by owner
just then your handwriting is impeccable
thank you he's he's doing nothing son
let me tell you well okay let's go I'm
on Oh vamanos vamanos we're about to
make the 20-minute drive to his house
report and news articles have said that
his house is like armed with bodyguards
and that whenever like paparazzi comes
there they just like chase them away
whatever it might be so I think this
one's gonna be a lot of sketchier than
the Kardashians also life update Tessa's
back in LA lots of pranker in the
morning what else is going on I'm eating
chips right now this aardvark start
shooting soon Martinez twins also won
the team ten member of the month
congratulations guys me you know what
this means no no God okay let's do
no oh dude it is engaging its can okay
should we play a key role to play cool
your eyes like people our age coming
over all the time
you look like anyone had to key we found
a back way in we're like 700 feet away
it's still pretty early though it's like
only 10 o'clock so they're probably not
on high alert yet case busting out the
drone and we're going to like fly it up
and over and like scattered out for
security guards versus look it's so
bright we're not stuff at all right now
we're blowing our cover castrati so
loudly takes up car
gogoat on it's got a warm-up what not
working well gosh we suck we could never
be a Navy SEAL there we go we're live
oh so loud it's still the party game
yes you can hear it so easily you have
to go so much higher do you see anything
there's a few streets to see you they
build arrows on you right now those on
the truck so the drone literally can't
see anything at all I guess there's
nothing going yeah Alec they're right
there
where's the drone go
the viewers house down there was a gate
it's like sectioned off oh my gosh right
there this light is his crib
you ready I usually go back to Spain no
no just leaving my trunk on so in case
we need to get in fast right quite
there's a girl i nr0 her head
there's a girl tippy-toe in this
association look out that this group is
yeah y'all have to security hard to
secure God boy
you know if you have a security guard
learning to say that full-time again oh
my god the guys are on it you guys go
get it
oh my god yo
this security guard was lilius in you
right there Justin Bieber if you're
watching this you're a security guard
sucks bro fire him right now he
literally took like 45 seconds to do
anything just like yo we're like yo Joey
what's up dude you do that was such a
madhouse she pretends to take a photo
jump over your messy I don't have a
license plate though bro that's the
funniest thing he goes running out on
the street to take a picture
oops ooh dude so I'm gonna call the cops
I figured at least one of these houses
that we were going to do it just have
like a security guard but not like
undercover sitting in a truck just chill
in there in that security guards defense
he easily could have thought that I was
Justin Bieber like he was on his phone
he looks up it's dark outside I'm
wearing like all black which Justin does
and at a glimpse I could look like
Justin Bieber so like that's what we
came to the conclusion of of like why he
wasn't like chasing us down right away
we owe that was the we sold Justin
Bieber's house Jake the realtor here you
know if you guys are looking for someone
to sell your house I know the perfect
guy to do it just hit me up and guys if
this video gets 250,000 likes
we'll do a Drake this week so smash that
like button right now watching us wins
we killed it bro ah Drake we're coming
we found Justin Bieber's address where
it was nowhere to be found on the
Internet
we got into a gated community through a
back entrance
we beat Justin Bieber security and we
put the sign up in his yard and we got
away that was so sick
well guys I'm like I'm just so happy to
in tomorrow's vlog I'm going to call the
realtor that's in charge of that whole
entire area and try to buy the house so
make sure you guys are subscribed to see
that cool and I also want to give a
shout out guys to the five biggest merch
buyers of the team ten and Jake Paul
merch so thank you guys so much here are
their names I love you guys thank you so
much for the support Radha
al cine Maru beck al Sabbagh s Mimi G
Tina sically and all Kenneth thank you
guys so much for supporting us and
getting our merch on you know I might
shout out some of you guys out if you
guys buy some cheap ten marks and today
is notification shout out goes to
Alejandra true guys if you want a
notification shout out all you have to
do is turn on my notifications and
comment when you are done Kate Emilio
Eli we killed it guys we kill this race
houses next smash that like button and
we'll do it and I will see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bra pee
