the actual Super Bowl is happening right
now but we're doing our own Super Bowl
let's go my god you need to know no you
need to chill
I think chill there you go pronouns and
stuff I'm teaching them good morning
market you want it Lucas good morning
case where Jake love how you look e in
the eyes and not the camera yeah I don't
care about the big balls I mean no dang
but them shoes though good morning Jake
welcome tomorrow oh let's do that bag yo
that's the nastiest pool from your asses
marshmallow challenge but the video went
viral so so cool though this is how
songs go to get breakfast your clothes
Jesus Christ this is how thugs walk from
breakfast places after their clothes
neck- birthday everyone everyone comes
singham happy birthday this time it's
your real birthday right wear this no no
it's real happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear name
happy birthday to you I thought we'd
dump now just mother please have enough
yes where hey buddy I'd leave that oh I
didn't hear the bleep yeah do that
post-production yeah post-production
yeah all right Nick don't look now but
nope no you can't look I got uh you your
birthday present
no yeah yeah dude look at that it's
exactly what it looks like bro don't cry
Nick Nick Nick don't cry bro I didn't
think you would cry I mean okay I can
get to it so good love you Nick Wow yo
you guys are annoying
honestly like super annoying I'm trying
to drive and you won't let me drive done
I'm done
see you later guys ah I'm gonna take it
uber we're gonna go get doughnuts I'll
meet them there
bye guys let's get some God ever had
doughnut bro I got you you're in good
hands my kids yo this is how we become
brothers right here I got you know I'm
eating you
why don't you like it why don't you all
eat it
house go nice goes all right so we got
doughnuts now I'm going to transform
into a taller better-looking version of
myself
hi guys Hey Hey look at this kids were
like brothers but you're feeling right
now how you going what did I have you
going mindfully what is that how are you
going today how you going NUI kangaroos
I have eaten kangaroos before for the
good telling when I told you what we did
before when you say when you eat jump on
a feedback shut ball feedback might grab
a trolley boy make I'm going to be back
Dunkin Donuts I don't know I don't know
you guys are all up there I don't see
you guys later
no y'all I know don't you don't do this
yo oh my god
 you that's another biggie what my
prank didn't work oh wow now you're
saving all that why you're such a hero
you're such a hero chlorine I can record
yo you guys need to post videos you got
to a week well how you gonna pay for
your visa I'm gonna I'm not paying do
they jump off the roof again no jump up
through right no no no no no ready kid
Super Bowl NFL football not soccer
real football no that's not real bull
shut up
it's real football American football god
damn American football you know the do
best team is victorious the two best
teams play each other at the end of the
year and it's the biggest thing 90
million viewers it's the Patriots versus
the Falken stalking distance object
that's the Super Bowl got it yeah going
to so we are going to make our own Super
Bowl comprende yeah so we find a bowl
big bowl we put milk in it and we put
cereal in it
that's our Super Bowl oh because Jay
Paula we do it our way
some brothers versus lesbians no no Jake
Poehler it bridges the ass out dude our
Super Bowl is going to be better you and
I
we're on the same team I'm just full
that's right because you want to make
arms to rule yes do you wanna kiss he's
waited for some of this love y'all come
on kids we're not doing that today yo yo
yo I want to kiss you pastrami oh so
long cow goes right yo is this Spanish
again Tommy on salami
right now we are going to get some
scooters and bicycles and we are going
to the store to get milk and cereal to
fill up our Super Bowl then we're going
to a skatepark to find a bowl because
there's bowls at skate parks know what
I'm saying you're not driving bro yes
you're not dropping out you can't drive
get out gta5 okay stop
you can't drive seriously get out in the
bed alright fine he's never driven
before cars you might you know how to do
it just put your foot on the brake nope
that's the gas brake now put it in the
drive
ah okay there you go homework oh hell no
they say parking brake the parking brake
you're good just try oh my gosh y'all
just slow down slow down slow down slow
down slow down slow down take it easy
there's an in-between oh my gosh he's
really gonna kill everyone yes no no no
human sorry human human here we go
alright you're done you don't no no you
don't move she'll shoot my boy Cory is a
famous in the scooter world I respect
that
he's a savage piece of staff alright so
my man Walter here we're going to pimp
out a scooter for me right anymore dude
I wanted to be the most colorful
delicious scooter ever like if I roll
out to the skate park people dig wow
that scooter can fly rocky let's go all
right Walter we got to fix out rainbow
griptape pink grips like changing color
fork right it's what it's called no pink
wheels I don't know this is a call but
it's also changing colour neo chrome
clamp
we got the deck gold and the gold spars
I know what I'm doing trust me bro
there's gonna be the most savage scooter
ever I want to go visit Woburn is
something you're going to Jake followers
this scooters front we're going to do
this together they're going to love it
right
wait so let me get this straight does
their actual gold bar there's actual
gold yeah and you're getting those bars
right 24
I'm just going to melt it down after and
just keep the money to be honest all
right yo let's put this thing together
Oh oh my god oh my god oh my god yeah
whoa look at this thing look at the
little teddy bear oh my gosh
yo it is amazing different color and yes
I'm about to shred this thing so hard
row Walters we killed it bro it matches
your shirt and never go look at that it
looks like a unicorn just like we're
going for is that unique on its own unit
whoa guys we're about the head through
the skatepark to make this Super Bowl to
getting it dark on two so we have to
hurry but I want to give a huge thanks
to the pro vault scooters here in Culver
City guys they hook this up and they
have the best scooter parts I'll put
their link in the description if you
guys ever need scooter parts you ever
want to come here lobsters on me after
water jump get that stop bro I will
scoop you want food we don't have time
bro we got to make it Super Bowl
No yeah this Cory's row this is the best
Bowl ever okay so we're gonna fill this
up with milk and cereal the actual Super
Bowl is happening right now but we're
doing our Super Bowl let's go how many
gallons of milk do you think this means
like a hundred sixty 70 like honestly
drinking that much wow that's a lot here
we go yeah we're making a Super Bowl
because it's the Super Bowl Oh me are
you know the picture
got a milk factory right now you know
when my parents told me to drink my milk
when I was a kid hi-yah I took it very
literally Oh milk milk the process is
underway some of these skaters are
giving us a hard time they don't know
this logs life they don't want it at all
tells them how to give them a shot out
if they would just let us do it I'm not
going to give them a shout out but
that's between us this is top five dumb
things that have done through this bowl
oh my god harsh milk this is so stupid
why are we doing this oh my god what are
we doing we're being really dumb well
there we go
so Jay what did you do today did Jay I
don't know why but this is so satisfying
just a couple of Americans pour in some
milk into a bowl got to love it
last note then it's a race ah let's do
the serial oh yeah it's so satisfying
Hey Oh guys I'm gonna go in going in I
got to go in the Super Bowl gotta bathe
in the Super Bowl time to go in cool
guys this is ridiculous for this effort
guys I did you to stop what you're doing
scroll down and click that subscribe
button right now let's do it I'm getting
it oh here we go oh it's cold
oh it's really cool oh my gosh ah yo
some kid just fell like really badly
hope he's okay there's an ambulance
coming is he okay you got out yeah he's
got a lot of helpers over there he's
good he's walking who are you going in
yeah milk clear them some old yeah it's
really cold I told you I got a pee no no
no go in bro go in bro I miss you
savage my boys about to flip oh my god
this kids a legend now we have to
reverse this and clean it all up
unfun part about doing these video see
you guys in a sec how am I get the group
guys that was so much fun now we're
doing through the tricks in my house I'm
starting to get better we a little bit
hill today watch this watch this good
Emilio's picking the notification
shoutout for today who is it who is it I
done that King Ivan's AB King thank you
so much for having my notifications out
the notifications how that goes to you
guys if you want a shout out in
tomorrow's vlog all you have to do is
turn on my notifications and comment
when you are done guys if you want some
of the team 10 merchandise I have to do
is go to the description down here what
please no yes no yes no please sky yes
really really yeah so go check it out
you guys want some we wear it all the
time so you guys should chew it is down
in the description and I will see you
guys tomorrow because it's everyday bro
