she's here she just knocked on the door
oh good good good good good good good
ha Mike Ross mansion it's about to be
fun what is this grass and my Instagram
followers have in common they're both
face oh dude this is my twin this is yo
so cute I wanted to blow up a little
balloon you hit a tree
I forgot to say good morning Tristan
good morning sir good morning Yvonne
morning Emilio good morning Kayla you
know this isn't that bad definitely not
that bad and I almost forgot to say good
morning to J crawlers and welcome to my
right we have some awesome stuff for
today it's gonna be a really busy day
check out this view in the meantime
though that's what being goals bro don't
you just like want to have like a girl
and Mike take pictures of them put it in
slow motion and stuff like that and make
it like all romantic ro bat and a
zipline top of the ocean you're right
ah nine about that guys guys look what I
found
oh my gosh
a lot about a good way to start the
morning though amelia is going to try a
back foot first first time he can't even
sue you he's from Spain oh yeah
alright ready you got it you can't
you're right that was good yeah let's go
to the gamer though we have games you
got games yeah I should take a coffee
that really wow how much I know I'm
going to my car to get my wallet
yo V you elevator elevator
hey no not Abby Ella Vader elevator
there you go oh wow bye guys I don't
know this is going but if weather's
great we're here that actually scares me
oh my gosh where are we now we're
upstairs the upper level bad
till they will my homies away by the
other selves you know me I'm Jake Paul
and a bucket of what you know about this
blog life broke imma take it or you tube
and myself what the heck what the heck
are we jogging in the whispers exactly
like and you know I'm the next week yo
is it Amy or this fish starting to look
more and more like me oh my god oh my
god it looks yo bro you can hate all you
want but you guys didn't have blue eyes
and nice hair you would have jail
followers what they do have that so they
do have Oliver tonight is red red with
the on red and other brown top of bread
we've got sand which I know
let's get sandwiches so I got them
bagels with cream cheese I told them
that ice cream on bread and they're
really confused you like it does that
good ice cream yeah
the forms all stem program part by
operate samantha is it good yes just eat
you the way how'd you first log on you
bro it's gone you liked the blog life I
like I enjoy the blog line so a part of
it yeah fun it's really trying to vlog
money oh wow Wow alrighty guys right now
we're going to go to the Union
headquarters I don't know what for but I
let's flip him down we made it here to
the YouTube headquarters I don't know
what we're about to do but let's flip
and do it you know look we got special
name tag it's the Martinez twins are
famous now so they have a fire pole here
is it close okay I'm an athlete they
don't notice they're all they're all
worrying too much i zipline through my
backyard I jump off of roofs or
professionals here they don't know that
you want to go go it opens he's mad he's
really mad yeah you got it
vamanos okay bye that's good right
okay look look so basically we come here
we learn how to do YouTube right yeah
they teach us that you just the waste
and then you buy a Bugatti got into step
process one learn to do YouTube to buy
Bugatti buddy my boy wants to Bugatti oh
yeah jackpot
alright let's go go
you know the same they've all made it
oh my god no when mind I take baller
holders we did it man we might not at
home you know we got a gold flavor I
know we are so out of here hey we made
it
nigga we made hey we made nigga we made
we made
nigga we made hey we made whoa all right
Jake Pollard guys I made on my plaque
ride shotgun and I put the twins in the
back because I asked myself what's more
important I just want to give a big play
I just want to give a big THANK YOU to
every single subscriber out there if
you're new here if you're just watching
this video thank you guys so much for
the support this isn't my plaque this is
our plaque we earned it together I just
started YouTube and you guys have been
and are the best family like I feel we
are one so thank you guys for coming
back every single day and watching our
crazy lives and keeping up and dealing
with the Martinez twins and dealing with
me it's just the start of our journey
together but I do owe you that huge
thank you and for you guys giving all
the love and likes and comments on my
videos I truly oh it all to you guys and
um right now we have something else for
us to do a well I'm going to do it kind
of on myself on with Lucas and Marcus
but basically Disney has a prom for all
Disney actors because a lot of the
Disney actors don't get to go to regular
school or I never to experience prom I
never went to prom
I dropped out after my junior year of
high school a ton of the other Disney
actors don't go to prom so they
literally have this like Disney prom
thingy
I'm going to it's like it's like my prom
guys I have a date and everything and
the kitchen markets are going to come
with me
and it should be like really really fun
so we're about to get ready for that I'm
kind of nervous and kind of excited I
don't know what to expect but let's do
it
yo Nick do you see what I got bro look
what I got bro you want to touch it I'll
probably break it can you give me like a
1 million subscribers just a little bit
just a little bit 1 million subscribers
yeah that is the highlight of my day
every single day
let's go take ballers it's a little bit
crooked but it has character
and that's what matters in life guys
honestly this means so much to me I
remember when I was like doing YouTube
and had like 4000 subscribers when I was
like 12 years old I didn't know what I
was doing but what this reminds me of is
about team ten and I'm sure a lot of you
guys know about team ten lookit this is
the team ten house basically the goal
team ten is to help young creators amass
like huge amounts of followers online
and so I know a lot of you guys are
aspiring youtubers out there you're
watching it and you think you have what
it takes to be a part of team 10 and do
really well on YouTube don't be scared
to email us join at team 10 official
calm we're going to be looking through
like all that stuff to see like all of
your guys's videos and whatnot
email us if you think you have what it
takes to be a part of team 10 like
seriously for real yes on another note
alright I need I need to figure out what
I'm in a way I need to figure out what
I'm gonna wear
okay my date is about to be here and now
all I have to do is he dumb figure out
what I'm going to wear to this prom
thing I don't know if it's for me I
don't know that it doesn't matter what
you're gonna wear
oh it's gonna stop within the jiggy
scared belt just wear whatever you want
now is not the time Cody oh you look
amazing on me I haven't worked out well
yeah well my god guys if you're new here
know Arlene Bella Cody Cody yeah I think
you've gosh she is annoying um I just
have to figure out what I'm going to
wear let's see what I come up with oh oh
how do I do
how did I do so the theme is like jungle
print it's like a jungle theme so I wore
this zebra thing I don't know what's up
girls go but I just got a text and now
my teacher so uh
let's go ahead I got this I got this
you know Lucas Marcus guys are you guys
ready for this we're going to the dance
thingy
figure out anything away yeah you do
look really really no you guys are cute
twin pandas I got me a jungle themed I
mean come on
my dates here by the way - my date my
date yeah she's just on the tour oh good
good good good good good good
Jenna you look great oh my gosh
I I need to go change I don't look that
good I'm gonna go change you guys
already know and choosing the
slip-and-slide vlog yesterday if you
didn't see it go watch it right now and
subscribe but um yeah I mean it's kind
of like friends mainly I just made it
seem like a date now we're friends
this friend it's it's harsher when you
say it because then everyone's going to
comment like oh she put him into friends
house and now I'm just kind of getting
you get roasted okay well our ubers here
here's a friendly door open Oh
we made it I don't know what's about to
go down but let do it you guys going to
dance maybe if there's music no come on
what are you guys wearing hot dessert I
asked having fun take what the only one
that's winning like we random no makes
you unique yo you down to chill here
you're doing it from you easier yeah
tomorrow I'm on diet Center I love you
Judy
my girl Judy talking up there shake I'm
not liking that yes yes why me where do
you want to go you want to go to make go
all right oh my god that's my girls
right there yes my name's yeah ready
yeah oh yes yes love me with that game
always different just give give me a
star one day's on Disney Channel
Oh Amanda star I'm at the star alright
guys so so so phone right yeah thanks
for having us of course guys today's
notification shout-out goes to the T
sneaks from Oklahoma guys if you want a
notification shout out all you have to
do is turn on my notifications right now
and comment when you are done Google
good big ballers that is the end of my
vlog for today thank you guys so much
for watching and I will see you tomorrow
because it's every day bro
Oh
