so just to be clear we're on a frozen
lake right now there's a percent chance
that we might go through the lake into
the water maybe good morning Jake if
you're watching this right now first of
all that means it is my birthday you're
watching this a day later so it's not
actually my birthday right now for you
guys it is and guys we are about to have
another crazy day here in Aspen look at
these go-karts guys we got like these
like ice little drifting go-cart thingy
majiggy z/os lovey alliteration fan so
put your vlog belts on guys I need to
get you caught up to speed a lot of a
madness happened last night sneak peak
for one second I'll get to that in one
second guys but if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's and we are the most lit
YouTube channel on YouTube hashtag
family and y'all are now a part of
today's journey welcome to our lives
guys and if you don't know already this
is how we do it and this is team tents
hey that is the most lit team on YouTube
that's 18:10 like I said guys we're
hearing and it's super cool outside and
the reason I'm staying warm baby is
because of this new 21 birthday
exclusive March guys oh my god is it the
hottest march in the game yet yeah is it
only available for 72 hours you know
yeah can you get it right now oh yeah
what what speaking of litmus uh yo it's
my birthday first of all I'm doing
whatever I want today can we do that I
also did basically whatever I wanted to
last night there was some drama there
was some madness and it was all shot on
an iPhone you know I'm just gonna show
you we found a pet Fox we got a car
stuck in this nut roll the clips nice we
got a fox in Aspen we have food we'll
give you food guys this is why I came to
ask for this is so literally friends
with Apollo we need to get him food girl
all right follow us to the house we're
gonna get you food he's always following
us is literally following he goes we
have food he knows bro come on Todd is
he actually follow anyone oh we're gonna
get rid of a pet Fox Todd you see him oh
my god you're gonna scare him get back
in if we can get to the house then we
can get Todd food I'm going to make this
box my baby also Eric I'm pissed at you
then I'll play card games without us you
know the sad part is no one even invited
us for anything the holler guys were a
little bit bored in Aspen it's my
birthday I do a lot of putting this
little car here in the off-road mode and
we're gonna see if we can drive in the
backyard of the house look at the jacks
look at the check show home deep it is
throw it is deep
oh he got it all tane is if they try to
blame us for this it was their fault -
to the game right bro no ball and your
fault if America mr. Garrety you didn't
invite us to the game so we had to do
something yeah we had to do so wasn't
invited I walked up and I said it's not
good what you texted her you ratted us
out she said cake traffic in the
backyard I said shake Paulo's I think
it's time to go back inside yeah yeah
guys we're still not invited to the game
so I know he's gonna send it on the
stairs guys join the party take follows
this is what happens at night when we're
bored everyone just gets lit
I missed it oh it was due it was the
idea oh nice watch you know Tyler's the
coolest dad in the world
giant curve if he gets this he's the
latest data bro your lives in right now
welcome to the most let you can channel
on YouTube fat cuz
you're missing all the fun
there's a lot of drama we're in a fight
bro it's big-time drama she showered and
is going to bed right bro
this dude not being invited to the game
go I'm the best player on that card game
that's all I wanted to do give me the
iPhone back Erica Maddie you Anthony I'm
Maddie okay guys we just why is he not
mad at you you played the game no he no
he did mess up okay I came in late and
then he lied yeah my own cards Hey
I stay hey I came in here to make up not
to talk about it at this point we have
so much good content that spark because
they didn't invite us
yeah you're right we should just thank
them dude and we are bad guys I told you
it got lit last night check out these
karts that we have right now guys
this is like one of the coolest things I
have ever seen in my life we're about to
be erasing around this giant ice track
whoever it's the fastest lap time you
get $10,000 first you're last that
phrase is trademark not to you guys
every Ricky Bobby
so just to be clear we're on a frozen
lake right now there's a percent chance
that we might go through the lake into
the water maybe it's crazy
here we go thanks mom I love you
everybody's written by completely for
$10,000 guys the funds back I don't know
if you knew this or not but ice makes
everybody a breakdancer you know you
look ready you got your Fendi goggles on
guys think of this is like a real-life
winter ice Mario Kart oh my god you got
it mom it's legitimately real life I own
oh my god I'm so good at filming Jesus
who saw that I shot
although nathan is taking a break from
filming he's out there racing crazy dad
kyle is out there let's see what happens
folks
yo this is fire yeah this Mario Kart
cake for this Mario Kart birthday thank
you for the cake I got some Jake
Pollard's here squad what should I do
destroy mine while we're waiting you
know I mean I might as well all right
we're gonna make a decision or what yeah
just take a cake to the face one time
for my birthday that's fine you know
I'll put it down
just keep ruining everything it's down
to day hey do you guys want to go find
out no Todd bro Todd oh my god yeah
hungry guys you guys back it whatever
cool yeah have fun oh and by the way
Mackenzie had the fastest lap time so
Mackenzie congrats you got $10,000
anyways guys these are now available on
Phandroid ico backslash yo or red
everyone's got em on cuz if you don't
have a Rolex now you do but that has
been a crazy dysfunctional day yet again
with the team fen family and I will see
you guys tomorrow I'm my official
birthday because it's everyday bro beast
Boulder's it isn't all new season of
merge guys this super fans going go
backslash take Paul get it while you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me Tex Jake Paul calm which is
gonna give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatty Deb's everyday bro make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
