there's a cop coming there's absolutely
no help elbows the Cossack or do you
come to smash them breakfast no sir
delicious mmm
so today is Nick birthday you know the
one in my video shoot says all the stuff
in the British accent and I didn't get
him anything to be honest I'm a really
I'm a really bad friend I suck so I
think I think it him something today
and it's raining outside Los Angeles
what the happy birthday to you happy
birthday to
happy birthday dear Lucas and much
hahaha happy birthday bro he's sick yeah
all right back up and I won't be like
finished up but hood is also fully but
what you do is like that just on your
birthday
so what what say what now you wait no
but we wait so why are you dressing it
he said it was today right yes what this
what with no business my friend
you know what Nick I tried bro I'm so
sorry
my family it's my back
alright so this is pretty awkward now
it's really awkward well I mean the good
news is this gives me like three more
days to shop for you because I
definitely didn't shop for you I mean I
did I already have your gift and
definitely have it you can't just look
cute and get views you got to do crazy
stuff wrong
you got you got to want it bro you gotta
want to hear it nice March by the way
you got a wallet kid good morning I'm
just trying to help
no no no no no you're a savage right
mm-hmm
just a straight up I know so what do you
think about this idea we build a slip
and slide in Walmart yeah we're Walmart
you know what you know what Walmart is
oh my god we build a slip and slide in
their supermarket what is it what does
no stop that we nope nope we build a
slip and slide inside of Walmart thought
Go Go you're down yeah how you down kind
of risky I guess we have to do it now
since I'm talking about it you say
Walmart slip and slide who's like oh no
somebody called the cops say wait you
don't even know how to slip and slide it
it was a zip line yeah no I know so you
agreed to do something cool so you
agreed to do something that you don't
know it is
that's what she said oh really what can
you tell me would you put a top you put
its top that will show you good morning
Erica sorry I farted I also killed
someone too we're just talking about how
to get more views and we found out the
hack on YouTube where we realized that
people kids in your videos you can
review you wanna be on say yes multiple
photos on Instagram specially like this
channel do in qt5 you toy freaks you who
like what
no one is who's gonna stay classy who's
going to have kids how you give you the
new to grow are you really about that
you can watch this is how to do so your
hangout has kit it will increase your
videos exponentially yeah music folder
get out it so we realize that if we did
like the Walmart slip-and-slide there's
a lot of things that could have to be
getting a banned from Walmart we get
sued
there's do not free yeah it's not great
and now we also realize it's raining so
why not take advantage of the rain and
make a slip and slide in traffic because
what is your parents always tell you
always playing traffic always or was it
don't play in traffic does always play
in traffic
whatever doesn't matter so the idea now
is that it's raining so we got water we
need a tarp soap and people and and
we're just in traffic and we're gonna go
for it oh wow look at all this water
water water water also guys I'm
announcing the iPhone 7 giveaway winner
at the end of this video so stay tuned
for that there's going to be tons more
giveaways to come so just make sure you
guys are subscribed and I think it's
time to start building this thing we
have to get all of the supplies but
we're thinking of putting it right there
look at all these cars yo or probably
gonna die or we're gonna fly
we got our ice let them fly here hey
baby
now you look good girl you look girl you
look good
I look girl I look good yeah I'm crazy
hey 76 you ship it Dave yeah you ship it
what's your name
I'm car Jenny Jojen a judge Bajaj na is
our names combined although when you
really have someone you put your hands
together that's cool you guys can be in
trouble we're buying this to use as a
slip and slide we're gonna put it in the
middle of traffic
you're not swear you're crazy I'm crazy
I'm crazy
its strategic crazy though attention all
shoppers there will be a traffic hooking
slot later on Melrose Avenue
you want to come make sure you like and
construct all right so we're starting to
like set this up and plan it out we got
the soap the water and now we have to
carry out into traffic but I think we
need like a girl yeah we need like a
girl to do this with us right you're
like a cute girl right hmm what me no
you're not cute I know you have a wig
and American flag bikini Justin I hear
this is a hot job you're blogging no no
I feel like we need a girl like a cute
girl right yeah cute girl dude you're
what nah oh hey Jenny hey Jenny hi
Tristan Tristan I didn't mean it wrong
bro not well I mean he's gone now so I
mean she is cuter okay so we're gonna
put it on that street over there see
where the semi is we got water
hey mailman do you remember us last time
you came here there's like a giant
snakes you remember this house yeah the
savage house right yes me yeah so yeah
then we just dive on it it's pretty
simple huh she's not down are you ready
I'm always ready are you ready ready are
you ready I'm ready
yeah I'm ready
yeah we're so sofas yeah I'm fine
that was so much fun it works so well
like it was so slippery enough cleaning
it we cleaned my box that was so much
fun oh my god you'll at the end man this
guy was trying to get five in number he
started like filming Cade space like
you're gonna do something like oh that's
not illegal no I'm the only one who
ripped it you guys all were little girls
oh yeah you were a little girl how did
that even happen there's a cop coming
dyscalculia listen
Oh help out so the Catholic becomes the
coming bro we have to dip Rosso dude I
saw where's the corn Iman yeah why yeah
each other here's what you got your own
permit you guys the ones like half speed
I tried to high five
okay quick oh you're cold oh we killed
that thing huh Oh - good job guys that
was so successful I'm proud of each and
every one of you traffic slip and slide
I check Oh Jake callers can this video
get 100,000 likes for that effort stop
what you're doing scroll out and hit
that like button or the traffic flip and
fly bro Justin wants to start vlogging
over he is vlogging he's gonna start
vlogging yeah tomorrow tomorrow which is
today if you're watching this he's smart
Justin I will go with you to buy your
vlog camera if you move into the team
tent house when we get a new house going
boy you just want to move in I'm
contemplating it no you have to decide
right now
okay they haven't they haven't seen it
yet I'll say guys bigger than this one
like it's like double the size of it I
will move into the team penthouse if 100
people comment below saying that I
should 100 that a lot I don't know I'm
planning on getting baggage is that in
like four seconds right he doesn't know
the power of the Jake Paul or arm a
thousand and one people call them know
so it's just a real thing we have to
shake on it
I'm shaking with them I don't know when
people say I need to move in - dude turn
off and I do it virtual shift by n so
that means we won with you right now to
get your blog cameras good alright just
a here's your vlog camera bro this is
really it's really good perfect no I
don't think you realize that you like
actually have to move in with us now
he's not going to get a thousand one
comments or say interest in moving I'm
actually going to count them so give it
any less or any more I'm sorry yo bro
you're in a vlog tomorrow it's
disposable right perfect 26 years from
now no now you just got a yacht a blog
what you're gonna be your catchphrase at
the end of your vlog it's every once in
a while when I feel like it Brooke so I
just met Thomas here
is a youtuber here 400 vlogs the 400
today 400 and you're starting your first
one tomorrow and I'm in between that
prison you'll be at 400 and 400 days
look at how many people are in my car
and I first of all let you know I only
did that though that you would move into
the house what K would be for moral
support
yeah I would have never come with you
well it all to these guys plus I am a
challenge they're gonna they're gonna
get to heading down and comment joke of
it hey guys so I don't know what this
vlog is right now I'm just going to go
home and hold it or I don't know where
I'm going
okay bye Jake Pollard's I don't even
know what my life is right now I'm about
to go to the gym later I don't know what
I'm doing so I'm just going to end the
vlog like I can't think I don't know
what's wrong with me I like life is like
so real right now like I just did like
so many times and I'm having a moment
guys will you end the vlog for me oh
yeah just come over here by the lighting
I can't end it bro end it yo Jake
follows thank you so much for watching
if you guys enjoyed it please give it a
thumbs up and every day right get the
sound see you tomorrow which is this
every day bro nice I'll see you guys
tomorrow because every day no you know
oh oh sorry okay I will see you guys
tomorrow because it's every day oh wait
I almost forgot to announce it I thought
that's on saying guys I almost forgot to
announce the iPhone winner say I'm out
of it right now I can't function I can't
think also I forgot to do a notification
shout out so two things right now
I'll let me get the ass home today
notification shout-out and also the
iPhone 7 winner go true before building
suspense that was such a good throw can
we get an instant replay on that someone
put her in the Super Bowl are you an NFL
quarterback that slow-motion replay was
absurd
I've won seven giveaway winner goes to
black
Robertson Lexi thank you so much she was
literally liking like all of my pictures
commenting on everything post
notifications turned on subscribe all
that stuff so Lexi I'm going to be
shipping you this iPhone 7 so check your
DM and I'm a flight into them for your
address bra but yes guys that is the end
of the vlogs thank you so much for
watching and I will see you tomorrow
because it's every day Wow
