we're like point five miles away we
don't know if their neighborhood has a
security guard but if they do I'm going
to roll up right Jake Pollard's good
night I know you love it when I say good
night because you know some savage stuff
is about to happen it is not the morning
time it is the night time and we just
thought of the best idea you want to say
no to meet you yes we are going to put
the Kardashian house all over sales
that's as simple as it is you know we've
done it this idea we must execute it so
hard right now we need to go to the
store if you need to get the first sale
sign we're going to specifically Kim
Kardashian and Kanye West's house we
found out where they live and we are
going to buy the concessions how no yes
I'm going to vote we're going to put up
for sale and buy it yeah Smart's my man
I'm the sketchiest part about this is
that if we get caught they're not
citizen so that means they get deported
yeah and you not know that yeah you're
scaring me okay
I mean I'm sorry Oh Nicki please say
we're putting the Kardashians house up
for sale
Oh a lot more speeding hostel uncle Wang
naima RHA brothers left
flipping do this I feel like I'm
forgetting something I'm just like so
excited right now I'm nervous I'm
excited I'm scared oh what if I see
Kanye I'm like what good little boom all
right so we are here at the store we're
about to get a for sale sign and a
marker to write stuff on it so that we
can stick it in the front of their yard
yo it's like perfect right okay so we're
going to stick these in their front yard
potential shoppers attention all
shoppers I
the Kardashians house is now for sale
and also make sure to LIKE and subscribe
yeah because it's not everyday bro this
is a seven chill I'm starting to get
nervous for this show we got this
sharpie we're going to write some stuff
on here my handwriting sucks alright
guys we got the supplies now we just
have to drive there we have the address
it's not like the very top of Beverly
Hills we think it's a gated community
we're not yet to sign everything is a
gated community we're not like a hundred
percent sure I'm a skirt I'm a skirt
okay yeah there's a skirt or scared
skirt okay whatever I mean for the long
time you know what we're gonna turn what
China imagine the cups are coming and
then are you fast
yeah I'm faster let's go yeah let's go
two things that were worried about one
the gated community - Kim Pradesh you
got her like diamonds stolen from her
and so I think she's like a full-time
security guard like all around her house
probably common root of seven you're
right you're right it is probably really
dumb also guys just want to say we're
just doing this for fun if at any point
like we're gonna actually get in trouble
we'll probably stop because like it's
not worth it at that point and don't try
this at home we're trying we're going to
try not to like trespass or invade their
privacy and do it as in a nicest way as
possible but let's see what whether
you're right and smaller okay let's do
this thing okay so we're almost there
we're like point five miles away we
don't know if their neighborhood has a
security guard but if I do I'm going to
roll up and be like yo I've been here
before like act like I'm friends with
three people feel you high design you
should hide the sign like down down that
you're going to hold the camera okay
like hold it down by your side and just
like try and film it but don't be like
to obviously anyway like hide it behind
these magazines like this no I'm saying
you're armed Patrol yeah does it look
like there's a guard but
again for the camera y'all are still God
there's no load like so deep into the
hill is a car behind them here's the
plan and to that we get there we're
going to run stick it in
we're going to actually park the car
down the street and then walk there yet
we're almost there
I love Park up there thank you see this
one we just got to the spot or like
point one mile away this mansion that
way you don't put your hood up we just
have to act like supernatural I'm
thinking just to walk right up to it and
just go for it and then leave ready she
just dropped this on
he's blowing our cover
are there put the camera
at one small step for man one giant leap
for answer now now we can buy you I'll
give you 4 mils this is for people this
is for people who want to Google their
address having to drive give me some
babies this is what you do but we just
put the Kardashian house offer there
when you get out should we jump on that
one we should drive by Orange you know
honey I really think we should go house
shopping I wonder if there's any nice
houses in the area funny all right up
there right oh yeah this one's perfect
oh yeah I'll finish you off there looks
like it's to Sarah on e let's buy it
come on this myself I'm gonna ask you
where to live in the Kardashians oh so
7yo okay we did it guys we do this so
now the next part of this plan is in the
morning we find out the realtor that
listed their house and we call them up
we say bedrug I noticed that a beach in
Drive was for sale what's the price you
got on that and we'll see what their
reaction is I'm literally dead y'all
Emilio Yvonne thank you guys for coming
I know you guys could have gotten
deported let's call them in the morning
and see if they can give us a deal ah
908 la time honey
why is our house for sale oh yo man I'm
running for president what are you guys
doing where's my energy you know I can't
like give you preview of what they're
doing because it's their video but yo
these kids are crazy we're about to call
the realtor that is in charge of like
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West house I'm
in see we're gonna be like Oh his name's
Paul were like hey Paul it was driving
by this morning and noticed that your
house is up for sale so let's do this
all right
yo so I got his number yo
so carefully movie by the conductor
sighs yeah really we'll call them right
now names page by the way not Paul
really
hi this is Paige please leave your name
number of responded to the dining hall
knock knock uses again this is important
please feel free to text me and I can
talk immediately thing a wonderful day I
can tell it please record your message
what do you finish recording you may
hang up or press one for more options
hey Paige this is run taped um and I was
directing down the street this morning
and I noticed that our property after I
googled it of yours was up for sale it's
a beautiful property and so I would love
to just hear back from you give me a
call back at this number and I it was
super interested in buying it so thank
you so much Paige right let's forgot the
name of the street Abington yeah I
should have said everything but I want
them I want to call I wanna be like live
on the telephone I call from a blocked
number so that's probably why I didn't
treat a call from my number later now
we're going to try calling him back
without it the number being on private
and see if he answered somebody
ah hey Paige
this is Ron hey I just left a voice
message with you but I was driving by
this morning on Abington Drive and
noticed that one of your properties was
for sale which one it sighs I think it's
like three one four five Abington dry
yeah I just am new in the area I'm super
interested in it but I couldn't find the
listing online anywhere so it's a
slightly confused but what street gain
because I just called to my agent I know
you're talking to then we don't have a
little computer it is a three one two
four five Abington Drive you know there
I drove by this morning visiting my
niece and I saw for sale by owner sign
so maybe it's so maybe it's the owners
that put it up for sale I'm not sure not
sure page just looking to make a
purchase on this property sorry I don't
look it's pretty famous property I know
I looked at at the Kardashians you still
live there the Kardashians live there or
whatever it is
yo he like hung up yeah I don't know I
don't know I I didn't know if this guy
was talking about look Paige you're
doing us over yo guys this has this
video has come to a conclusion don't
forget about the iPhone giveaway there's
one day left all you have to do is
subscribe to my youtube channel go to my
Instagram and follow me there at Jake
Paul but guys this is like super fun
making this video I think it's going to
become a series where us three go to
celebrities houses and put them up for
sale and then try to contact their
realtor after whose net
holiday I don't know
all right shake ballers I will see you
tomorrow because every day bro
