oh okay why key this time I thought
you're going to hit them in the front
wake up top my friend is coming wake up
my best friend go on we have to go
and it's also back this time Matt did
your back okay oh oh but that merch
though cares about the back my best
friend is here my best friend is here yo
my man big blast
bro we are so out here yo welcome to the
team
ten headquarters dude this is where it
all goes down at this is like the
fantasy factory for like a low-life
nightmare but I did not even do in this
so if you guys don't know the big black
is I mean this man does so much but the
90s kidz which is where I was born will
all understand and be freaking out right
now but this is my best friend ah my man
is here I was on like MTV shows for like
years if you watch Robin big three
seasons of that and then four more
seasons of faster factory guy code you
boys been back he's been killing it yo
he's still killing it and yo today were
we're about to kill it I don't know what
we're gonna do we're going to get big
man yeah taco I'm down for it about
person to the end
all right hope it is that havoc Monta
what did you want to do I always say me
and JP gonna be boys you gotta shave a
brother's back if you gonna get your
boys back you got to shave his back - I
don't know that we're gonna ride this
the right way yeah I'm saying you like
my best friend
you're right you got to shave a brother
back you're right we are in Sevilla now
now it's an AR boys we are officially
Floyd he gave me the best trim of my
back ever his taper with excellent the
face is off the chain oh my god yeah
I'ma be a barber y'all good morning Kate
good morning Lucas - Marcus did you guys
meet my new best friend
yeah she joins in ten yeah good morning
Yvonne did you meet my friend yeah yeah
Nick I'm hustling really fun because you
just got the names wrong no this is
Yvonne no clue yeah yeah this more
doesn't yet it you don't know anything
bro I'm a twin master Dolan twins
Martinez twins over a twins I know all
the twins bro that's Emilio and this is
Yvonne Nick do you mean my friends no
his name is big black they say big black
thank you fuck - I am cooking oil what
what does it do thank you if you dare to
persuade this shrimp
laughs quick was there definitely haha
when they cook for that
lock arms whatever god you're gonna win
okay supply please put it on there real
quick three seconds I didn't rub it in
there you go
gotta hit that PEC you just shined up oh
you can look up got pretty boy shiny
over here right there I'm so hot yeah
you'd also cheat as well
he can't grip it good if you got that
Pam on it oh you're right yeah yeah he's
lucky you get that Pam on there you can
get out of that flip
you can't yeah it's called cheating and
looking good any time at the same damn
time Pam and bicep at the same damn time
if you eat like all of them all at once
there'd be no more twins left on Team
10th you want to get something to eat
oh I don't know what that means but I
want my man hungry yells my boy he's
driving this is uh this is Emilio second
time driving attrition you want to come
yeah I'm sure about helmet real quick
okay this is only his second time
driving oh sure put on the brake put on
the brake you have to teacher my man's
good yeah oh okay boy keep in time I
said you're going to hit something if
I'm here that will slide back over a
little bit I'm starting this is the
funny face got a stop sign coming up up
here and stop oh no no no we got past he
passed out rescrew when you stop gradual
okay like gentle yeah no no pay
attention pay attention music down we
need to change jazz with song because
you don't want to play hip-hop when you
purchase drugs they get all hyped up
turn to some fast and furious I think it
just needs a paint look you're on the
wrong side of the road I mean there's
people behind us Jesus sighs Trevor not
again
stop don't get you head of yourself now
I had to stop sign we're gonna go right
now slow are you crossing brother okay
just oldest cock yeah you should years
ago things never Zumba come on we don't
want to take you out hey Kurt I love dog
you know what I won't pick yeah
yo my man just have it what you were
about to get some food
roomy stuff is double so this means I'm
not a match the nice thing you're not a
man but you start with a fruit ball
first and work your way up
I'm money I'm like aah
all right gee you know thanks Gregory we
officially became best friends today
killed it
nah man yeah I'm sure that Jake Wallace
will see you in some more vlogs you know
no dr. speck I'll see you later Joe
that is literally like a dream come true
of mine I watched his show growing up
like since I was a kid and I finally
have to be able to meet him and
collaborate with him and and make videos
with him and what's up Spencer the whole
video thing didn't work out for you come
on I like this one yeah it's got
benefits yeah our dad you know I can
pick and choose it's you know it's
really cool cool cool cool
oh yeah oh yeah I'll see it anyways that
was like a dream come true of mine I
don't know it's Sanskrit shows but right
now I'm about to go to Orange County
which is like an hour drive away from
Los Angeles to a Children's Hospital to
visit some of the patients hopefully
like cheer up their days and you know
maybe I'll tell you guys like some of
their stories and share their
experiences with you so that you can get
more motivated for life and see how
they're killing it and yeah let's just
let's just go hang out with some kids
bro okay guys so I'm here at the
Children's Hospital and we're going to
go inside I don't know what to expect I
don't know what we're going to be doing
but the one thing I will say is that it
might get a little bit serious and I'm
going to be really respectful of like
the families and their patients and I
don't want to like be pushing cameras in
their face so I'm only going to be like
vlogging stuff if they're okay with it
so let's go do this baby
we say what's up to the jig polish he
shot Joey he wants us to spit some rats
listen man fit ball hey what's your name
evil potty Bob she's scared of me she's
just you wanted to come over here yeah
well come on just left the hospital guys
it was so awesome being able to spend
time with those kids a lot of them have
a lot of like really like bad sicknesses
and illnesses and they just spend a lot
of the time in the hospital and it's so
terrible to see and we just try and go
in there and like helped make their days
a little bit better take some pictures
with them we did like a little radio
show with them so it's super super
awesome I know you guys love it when I
like do crazy stuff in the vlogs and I'm
funny but like the vlogs are my life you
know and so if I'm doing something in my
life I'm going to take you guys along
with it and hopefully as far as you guys
like you know maybe spread some joy or
you know get involved somehow into
helping kids that are less fortunate
oh I don't know what I'm doing next but
let's do it
here yo we're on set secret project we
can't tell you about it but um this is
my man Gary Vaynerchuk I see so you drop
some knowledge on the Jake callers of
course reverse engineer cake pause I
just told this young man your journey
was about saying yes which is why he's
gotten to the top now it's about saying
no because he realizes that he needs
severe on what he wants
and then that means you have to say no
to everything for you for so many of you
90% of them are killing it you need to
figure out missing yes how do you do yes
wouldn't want to do what do you want to
I'm really looking at short-term things
yeah go on fat whip we really want
long-term when you're old like me so
figure out who you are what you want and
reverse engineer that and it's all work
let me say one thing about this man
because I've seen him from the get which
is based on thank you for not swearing
because I know you know what I always
say yes because I'm not doing this I'm
proud of my detected surprise thanks man
that's my good homie Gary I jump into
knowledge on you guys I mean here make
you guys better people I think I hope
but also at the same time let's do dumb
stuff a lot was confident to team 10
Chris oh wow nothing's going on so you
know ah you need to why Jay today's
notification shout-out goes to my boy
all the way in the UK shout out to Josh
Gordon Josh thank you so much for having
on my post notifications guys if you
want to shout out turn on post
notifications and comment when you're
done and I might shut you out in
tomorrow's video do it all right Jake
followers I just thought of like one of
my favorite ideas that we are about to
go attempt right now for tomorrow's vlog
so stay tuned for that and don't forget
about the giveaway two days left all you
have to do is subscribe right now go to
my Instagram and follow me at Jake Paul
the more you spam me the better your
chances are winning the blog was kind of
all over the place today guys but that's
my life and you're subscribed to itself
al I'll see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bro please don't forget to buy
our merch
