lay down lay down here breathe breathe
breathe breathe I lay down there lay
down teenies 911 it's literally
something new every single day I wake up
at 4:00 a.m. last night and these kids
are doing an overnight challenge in my
bedroom and this one jumped out of a
window
yo what they don't understand that oh my
gosh where what are you gonna do I'm
going to jump you're gonna jump off the
rooftop into the pool yeah are you crazy
I'm rolling screaming yo look at this
kid yo I need to protect these kids
they're gonna help us do you see how
high this is dude no do you want to do
it one down it's also four feet deep
yeah I know I know I know
you jumped from my bedroom that's a
whole nother story
all right seven who taught you how to be
like this anything no one anything
nobody okay all right I love having
conversations with you sighs it's crazy
love expert those the only birds you got
or yeah I think there's a professor I
don't know I just
well none of those are adjectives I
think right yes added we do school baby
so what time are you going to jump off
of the roof you know dinner yeah so at
night or whatever you want we I don't
care
seems to me like he doesn't have a plan
so your plan is to put one of these in
the pool to break your landing yeah
these kids live in their own world and I
love it and I respect them for it also
what's up yo that's I didn't even see
you there you fell asleep there I need
to see her crazy you never know what's
going to happen at the teen tent house I
literally just woke up Oh Mike yo oh it
actually float it's perfect do you think
it's gonna start soaking up the water
and then sink though no it's good you've
got to jump right now Emilio is going to
jump from my bedroom to kind of like get
warmed up he did it last night but he's
gonna see how well the teddy bear like
catches the fall three teddy bears says
he just woke up this kids about to jump
off of my roof yeah he's jumping out of
my bathroom right now to test it out and
later he wants to jump off the roof oh
yeah no the teddy bears make it safe for
sure yeah you got if a man doesn't got
it my man doesn't got it you want me to
move the teddy bears or what good
morning Kate it's gotten to a point
where like you just walk out here and
you're just like normalized to it I
oh my god right now
no did the teddy bear help limited
vocabulary but I think it worked
good morning Spencer my man did it in my
merch that's my boy right there so you
know he's a Jake caller also you get the
merch in the description down below blog
for folks just got food yeah so that was
dope Oh what is this guy's Oh Jake are
your all your options what are we
shooting I don't know should we tell
them no we shouldn't tell oh ha
you're gonna you're ready to jump off
the roof right movies really do I
respect this kids so much I don't they
not ever do this you're putting this one
in there too more support by you guys
I'm gonna die
my fault why know how your heart did you
pull that sure you have to call my mom
now he can call her no he can why the
shoulders his shoulders fine come on now
okay hey your song is dead and cue okay
yeah yeah yeah I'll do that yeah I mean
okay cool she's never gonna know she was
in Spain I'll just play too awful act
like something else happen I act like I
won't know I'll get away with this trust
me
yo so you're ruining all my bears ah
let's see these are like $200 each one
two three four five oh come on guys guy
that moment almost hit the dude anything
cute should we hit them I mean I'm we're
gonna let them jump yet not it's
entertaining that yeah yeah we're trying
to we're kind of bored here I don't
condone this at all I don't think you
should be doing this this is a bad idea
team ten accepts minimal liability oh my
gosh this is so dumb I'm ready so Nick's
got nine one one ready I'm going to just
go into normal I feel like I kind of
want to do that too what the Jake ball
is in against this moment yo I'll apply
missed any bear up for him yo this is so
high oh my god so they don't think that
this pad should be under here whatever
you guys think
is life in your hands actually actually
I'm more comfortable with that you got a
kid I'm not official home I have no
expertise Allyson
yeah actually guys this is one of those
things where you desert don't try this
at home like the other stuff that we do
it's pretty savage but you could
probably try at home this definitely
don't do I knew the day we moved in here
that this would happen one day I just
didn't know who is going to be or what
day it was going to be god it's
happening on a Monday yeah all right but
I'll tell you now he was going to leave
it like that oh my gosh this is really
dumb yeah you could still not do this
I don't we really aren't press mean you
know if you want if you don't want to do
it you shouldn't okay one two three you
all need to go to her channel right now
to see this video this is the most
savage thing I've seen it all I've seen
it all the most savage thing period go
to their channel the Martinez twins
right now to see the video you'll see
good
No lay down lay down here here breathe
breathe breathe breathe I lay down there
lay down teenies 9-1-1 lay arms over
your briefs I did it oh my god you did
it bro bro you did it you good we got
you if you're good right
I'm James Abbott this is my man right
now
are you gonna hit him now because if he
did something dumb I'm gonna swap if I'm
gonna feel a bit better yeah we have to
follow his mom's requests
hey GoPro when I hold out I would like
like my my back I was like you know I
think he was laying it wrong my big boy
just stay there for a while and you'll
be good I don't know how he's not dead
right now just another day at keep that
house we're looking at this GoPro
footage from them doing that oh my gosh
this kid yo you don't care to live and
there and there good lookin at you have
such a beautiful face to preserve this
face bro those kids are the craziest
kids I've ever seen the GoPro footage
was insane right now I'm on the back of
my truck kind of just joyriding figure
out how we want to shoot this video that
we're working on for you guys it's a
secret but um it's pretty chill back
here so bro my boy feel way back wow you
guys want to go on the roof trampoline
park yes sir
alright come on ready and rah oh those
dope
jump alright we're going to try and
stack three of us hi is it hard let's
try no I still can't believe that this
morning he jumped off of this roof row
like what alright you want to go back to
the office right now yeah let's go hmm
yo yo are you filming
don't forget about my iPhone's let me
get away - all you have to do is
subscribe and follow me on instagram at
Dick's Hall to be entered in the
giveaway there's four days left as you
spend my Instagram the better chances
you have of me taking you to win so yeah
do that right now
oh we did it - really it subscribers yo
we did it definitely have a million no I
just hit two million I just do not know
and I want to say thank you to the Jake
Pollard's for making this possible and
it's the perfect time to do a
notification shout out because it's not
you guys I wouldn't hit two million like
I mean that's kind of obvious because if
you without you guys don't have zero so
yeah that was it that you guys and
today's notification shout-out goes to
Chantal Reed from Georgia Thank You
Chantal Perez my notifications on guys
if you want a shout out in tomorrow's
video all you have to do is turn on my
notifications and comment when you're
done what's up guys yeah shout out to
Tessa yeah people know how do you feel
how do you feel by the way your back is
fine yeah it's not broken that clip is
unreal you just realize it's the most
savage clip ever right so make no how
does your tea this morning that's all
wrong
when are you leaving like a minute
really be now you're going to Fresno
join a Fresno for like three days right
yeah and then he'll be back alright esse
I'll see you I'll see you in three days
I guess okay guys scare you one more
time what I hate you I even scared me
you hear you got scared too so much
everybody
there are third time third time all
right guys what is next I don't know aah
what's up what's up girl she cute or I'm
in the back of my truck on Hollywood
Boulevard we're filming out it's
everyday bro yo he knows that's a big
baller I say shout out to my boy is
definitely illegal look at these cops
right here I'm really a cop car cops are
y'all flying a drone is illegal and
driving packed with cars illegal but if
you do them together they are putting
Chuck I don't know what I'm doing do
what are we doing back here ha ha Jake
ballers I'm about to go to the gym thank
you so much for watching today don't
forget about the iPhone 7 giveaway and
to subscribe I hope you guys enjoy today
and remember to smile show your smile
and you will be a happier person and I
will see you tomorrow
because every day bro good
