we're trying to get this traveling on
the roof right now if we invented a
pulley this is a rooftop trampoline park
good morning everybody I'm Jake Paul
this is the team ten house today we are
turning this whole entire roof into a
trampoline park look at this we are on a
roof in the middle of Los Angeles yo
guys if you're new here this is what the
Jake Pollard's do and I'm also going to
be doing an iPhone 7 giveaway so stay
tuned and let's get this day popping oh
just you know get food before we do this
so the hardest part about this is
getting the trampolines on the roof so I
got some tools here we got wood last
night I'm going to create a pulley
system that's going to lift the
trampoline through the air and onto the
roof you can call me a carpenter or you
can call me an idiot
I don't know and another problem about
this is this we fall through the roof a
while jumping on the trampoline also
look at that palm tree that's nice okay
what do you think about this I'm not
surprised well it's really bright
well the camera sees you Kade it's also
really hot out so I'm about to do half
of this shirtless so I can get a tent
and not sweat until I die oh the Sun all
right guys here's the plan okay his bed
came off all right here's the plan guys
I'm going to build a pulley system up
here you guys take the trampoline legs
off and get them ready to come up here
okay ready team go
all right so the Puli is almost done
we're like entrapping it so hard right
now we all got our shirts off because
it's really super super hot here's what
I'm thinking big trampoline here big
trampoline here 12-foot trampoline here
12-foot trampoline here and you'll be
able to do like flips off of these vents
and we'll jump this window like roof gap
I love you see what it goes down into
the house we think we broke our fifth
trampoline and the other day's video
when they like went into the pool but if
we can fix it we're going to then put it
over in this area too
so basically the whole room is going to
be covered up so excited okay so the
pulley is finished it's time to put this
through and attach to the trampolines
and start pulling them up up the side of
our crazy this is our contraption here
oh not it's not okay I'm getting Emilio
to help me down here after all this is
ridiculous
it looks so funny from down here we're
putting the trampolines on the top okay
have you ever done this before
no never have you ever seen this in
Spain never are we the most average
people you know you're at seven that's
my boy
not here
I've got such a long way to go Greggy
it's bright here what it was breaking
you they need our help
we're just got the lips basically the
whole time sake the pulleys like a good
start Liz yes now you guys need to grab
it and you're like untie it there we go
now we can rest we're going to roll it
to your guys's right and pull it up
you're have to take it now there's all
on you guys we have to get out of the
way oh my gosh is everything all of this
working has got me thirsty so I need
some water
Oh delicious
three of them up there last one bye-bye
backyard trampoline park and hello roof
trampolines like the hard parts done
we've got to build them on the roof now
this is about to be so much fun cake
polish it's everyday bro stop right now
roll down and hit that like button for
the effort we go hard like this you know
what I'm saying - sevens giveaway coming
to a second
alright so we just finished setting
everything up this is right here that's
from spilling coffee on myself in there
I still walk away I'm sorry that's uh I
just had to do it too easy no twins guy
series editor video ok but we just
finished the rooftop Cheverly park if
you guys want to come party say it's a
rooftop check green thought quite
properly pre on our side I'm from
England
rooftop don't bleep up yeah Lukas
DeMarcus you guys ready to shred this
thing think we always loved to be back
thanks guys iPhone 7 giveaway time it's
really simple all you guys got to do is
subscribe to the channel right now so
stop scroll down hit subscribe and then
go to my Instagram and follow me at Jake
Paul so always do is subscribe right now
and go to my Instagram to follow me and
you'll be submitted in giveaways going
to last 5 days guys the more you spam my
Instagram the better chances you have of
winning so if you're liking all my
pictures commenting X cetera et cetera
the better chances you have so go now
and I'm going to be announcing the
winner of this iPhone iPhone 7
Thanks learn the most attic things we've
done and it's super sketchy hill station
under the semolina please drown shop is
the drawing station
whoa
you're down guys we're exhausted so much
for these colors okay so the teach me
Spanish you don't know I mean Yvonne are
from Barcelona is what they taught me
we're gonna have a conversation we
practice and sometimes come but albums
oh mama see me cuz with over the phone
that's gonna hold all right but you
never tell me what it meant what does it
mean catch me outside
how about they're doing they never catch
me ain't nobody gonna catch me how old
are you 20 have you ever driven a car
before new yeah
never you know you don't even know like
what the gas or brake or anything do you
have any idea of what to do if no no I
don't have any idea so the one on the
Left what you put on it no no no you
drive with your right foot
oh wow you drive with only your right
foot only that that's the brake press it
get used to it and then the one on the
right no other right oh jeez one yeah
not only drive with your right foot you
like this to them like that
you're good you're good they don't know
there's enough space okay so practice
going back and forth but be more gentle
be more gentle
okay Park reverse neutral Drive steady
yeah there you go foot on brake yeah yes
like that
exactly he's new dude and drive our
student driver oh she can take that Mira
student driver I know it's not actually
no it's not you're wrong yep oh this is
great look at this watch watch this
moment happen what did you get my
license plate did you get that you got
those numbers oh we're good anyways back
to what we were doing so get all serious
should go up what's your problem
oh I don't have one
okay okay what are you calling 9-1-1 for
why using assholes why are you taping
people oh I take my whole entire life
every day yes you're gonna try and grab
my front license plate number which I
again don't have all right here I'm
gonna take over which we're gonna get
away from the soccer mom pay close
attention to how I do it ready foot on
the brake put it into drive and then you
start to drive uncle Iggy start to drive
right and my foots on the gas going
really slow really slow so in America we
call that a toss soccer moms sucker whoo
yeah because all they do is take their
kids to soccer and then they don't have
anything else to do so they just yell at
everything soccer boom after that
intermission we are back to it keep your
foot on the brake that brake brake brake
keep on practicing take it off put it
back on you got it
yo I'm sad yeah hey ray we have to wait
for her yo you're killing it wrong all
right now press the gas really hard as
fast as you can
that was not as fast you could go break
right jam it down go to the right go to
the right now to come up the stop sign
you have to stop there right here up
more now stop stop stop stop oh my god
are you look both ways intersections I
didn't think about the intersection fine
now go left
yeah go turn more more more MORE I got
it you got it now right all right wait
wait slow down slow up guys they might
die you're good you're good
sorry sorry no no stop sign stop sign
you can go I got them everything I think
that's enough for the first day oh I got
it my heart was racing Nancy and I
really didn't think he was going to stop
with me whoo all right guys so as you
know my car is in the shop at San Diego
I got a new car and SD rap is convenient
out for me and they sent a little update
on my car here's a couple pictures of it
you know it's looking so good I can't
wait I cannot wait to get it back guys
if you're not already please subscribe
if you don't already subscribe do it
right now and follow me on instagram at
jake paul for a chance to win this
iPhone 7 giveaway ends in five days but
I will see you tomorrow because every
day
