we just finished building the pool brace
that means that we're officially done
and it's about time to jump on the
trampoline it's 32 am starting to get
light outside we have three gentling i
traveling inside traveling on this a
half it would not gate car you go wait
bro no traveling this is sweet sleep one
yo ah c'mon are you ready
it all led to this
okay so I'm out of breath we've been
building for like an hour and 45 minute
you've been building yeah you guys been
doing trampoline Chelsea's but now we're
going to wake everyone up cuz Oh sleepy
no we're gonna prank now you know how we
do it at the team penthouse no I'm going
to break your brother
just right now don't turn over don't
turn over okay I didn't think about this
just yet just your goods always plug the
subscribe broke know what you're
thinking though you put that down you
put that down no no get back I'm jumping
over wow it's a walking subscribe button
no oh my god all over my bed why did I
do that yeah do you think it was whipped
cream no the only close thing doesn't
know what Jamie cream is those coolest
bro special enjoy slip off on his bed oh
she's scared she's scared out of her
mind
good morning Tessa we love you we're
building a trampoline park in the
backyard if you want to join us later
fist bump
whoa all right Jake ballers we are
almost done the last step is I have to
go underwater here and secure this
platform to support this loose end here
and we'll be able to jump all of these
trampolines so I'm going to change into
a wetsuit so I don't get cold the pool
is freezing so I might be down there for
a while hey no other the wetsuit I'm out
here getting it here we go
it's really cold I always gonna be dying
to gourville wet through right now if
you use this on top of it that'd be good
yeah yeah is it under chad joined us
love you Martinez twins out here um it's
actually like starting to come together
hug words are going to teach me how to
put I get some rest man go smash that
like button right now well make a life
then you'll do it right yeah smash it
right now smash it right now fresh trash
man oh okay you can go uh-oh all right
Jake ballers we just finished building
the pool break and that means that we're
officially done and it's about time to
jump on the trampoline but for that I
want to do today's notification
shout-out which goes to Cheyenne 91 from
Alaska Yahoo lives in Alaska I don't
even know if Shawn's my girl Cheyenne
guys if you want a notification shout
out make sure you turn on my
notifications and comment when you're
done and I could shut you out in
tomorrow's video backyard mansion dress
lien Park in five four three two one
Oh
oh so you guys killed it I'm not as good
as you guys but yo I can't believe we'd
actually pulled this off yeah first off
yeah what's that for woke up at 6:00
started on the pool and then start it
again the grind is real guys and they
have like more tricks more stunts like
crazier stuff on their log that they're
going to put up and you guys can go
check out their channel youtube.com
backslash Frank Rose also put their link
in the description and maybe like a
annotation card thingy that pops up
because so go check out their stuff back
what's next ha so uh yeah there's
nothing next thank you folks for helping
we killed it first of the many collabs
the can't wait to see what comes guys
I'm going to go to Disney right now
through some livestream and I will see
you tomorrow because it's every day bro
