what makes it bite though like we'll
just bite randomly or I can put your
hand in front of the face what's that
you like Kobe oh when a basketball shot
describes your life and everything you
do in life you just miss playing I'm not
suppressed bro what's up Jake ballers
and welcome to my channel if you're new
here today we don't get it
well yeah no I'm in a girl get so scared
bro I'm sorry Tessa I'm sorry are you
mad at me no oh come on now Oh touch me
I started vlogging ah I'll be in your
vlog I'm sorry yeah I'll do it yeah I'll
do it right now I'll do it later
good morning Cade the more interesting
off Justin looked at me and not the
vlogs that's how you know we're true
friend you look at me in the eye
what do be like hey Jake you look here
that's on say good morning Jay not on
here morning Jay yeah that's that's a
people come true friend
I'm sorry Tessa though I love you I do
she's butter okay so today we have a
surprise for you coming over in about
like 20 minutes but tomorrow I can't we
can see let's go inside with one side so
tomorrow is even bigger day we have two
special guests coming they may or may
not be famous youtubers I don't know and
we're going to turn our backyards new
trampoline park so today we're just like
trying to plot out how we're going to do
it I guess we can talk about it now
outside so what are you thinking like I
think we need to be square trampoline
class rectangle first of all that's like
a biggest deal because our whole
backyard is our second squared so that's
step one
- someone needs to go into the pool off
the trampoline like big you're right I'm
thinking there's a platform like jump
off of this - I don't know I'm gonna
reiterate what I just said tomorrow we
are turning this whole backyard into a
trampoline park and the goal is like
trampoline I'm the hot tub a trampoline
over here a trampoline like angled
everywhere we're going to go super super
hard for this I have to buy like more
trampolines balcony jump yeah balcony
jumps I don't know what's going to
happen in today's vlog we're going to
kind of see like a little bit of the
planning of it because it's going to
take us like a while to do we're going
to build we have two custom
crafted wooden things I don't know we're
gonna become carpenters today yeah okay
your local governor's ready for hire
yeah I guess you'll just kind of hear us
talking about how we're going to do this
and maybe I might go to the store later
to get all the supplies and our special
guests might come over tonight so you
know who knows it's random you don't
know what's going to happen in these
check Polikoff it's everyday bro and I
don't even know what I'm doing like what
am i doing right now no what is this my
names on it yo is that marquel going out
Marcus yo yo what is that no what are
you wearing you got Murch threw your
favorite wow you I feel like to take the
ball and righteous isotopomer though you
know just going to jail off and much you
know time March Lincoln vial always
wrong thing know what okay so three
things number one the dough braids which
you know we're just hanging out with
them and talking about the merch their
birthday is Saturday so I think we were
doing something like really really cool
for that number
yeah I thought it went over that number
two you guys remember the other day I
would swim in pools with like 16 foot
anacondas so I was like yell Tristan no
boy what dude I was like we should get
those snakes bring them over to our
house no don't look wait are you
thinking what I'm thinking
and then I was like yeah and look at
this right right and then we're going to
use any cranks people and you're both
thinking about not writing them through
the street yeah and not doing great day
okay cool so uh so we have the snakes
coming over here right now with my boy
Brian from snakebite TV like try and
like hide them in different spots of the
house like having freaked out really
busy so today and then the third thing
is the Martinez twins are coming back to
Los Angeles today so like super sad
about that I really miss them and you
know indistinct thanks Carter bro Brian
my boy ready to do this yeah I got a
couple cool things for you man you got
some new surprises yeah I think one one
thing's really cool I think you'll like
it man you can cut well more cuddly not
as reptilians okay so did great tell you
what I'm going to do no I'm thinking you
like put the animals in like different
spots throughout the house and then I
have people walk over there and like
freak out and
I know that there is whatever you want
to do man I'm getting bored everyone
okay so what do we got here
all right so first up yeah yo Oh bro I
don't know about this flap I know why
you know what what right can I pet it
absolutely hi buddy oh it's like a dog
but not at all it'll kill you what makes
it bite though like we'll just bite
randomly or like yeah put your game or
the face like that it is like even even
though you're like he likes you try to
bite me right there even though he likes
you yeah alright number two we have oh
my god yo that's it oh oh it's like a
little baby - monitor lizard from Africa
and I name is waffle waffles what's up
my boy yo he's chillin yo what is this
one here this is actually a weak tailed
gecko I'm scared of the small ones doing
I don't know I don't know that's right
easy it already
no no no this is an animal tamer
sometimes it's really cool when you jump
oh yo that's dope
Tristan's got a community I kind of want
one of these like a parrot but instead
of the chameleon much cooler than ever
hear that maverick - Parris ah what do
we got you old man ha ha oh my god it's
a baby possum hi hi these are the ones
that play dead right magnifico yep
exactly
to set it up and from the other day this
is actually a house a different boy yeah
even more curious playing with your
friends the other day oh my gosh yo whoa
no no you want to know it can go on oh
come on huh linked to my ass it's no one
its licking but what is going on someone
before yeah
alright so we're putting the giant snake
in the kitchen and then I'm going to
call Tessa like right now got this like
hidden camera here so we had a hide
somewhere
Tessa can you grab me something off from
the kitchen I need a fork I'm filming a
video Joe can you just give me a fork
and bring it to the office thank you
go get it go get it go get it go get it
no so is it your tactic I don't actually
need a fork
good job buddy good job yeah we got it
so Kate lunch oh I'm going to go into
the office and I can act like I'm
working with
you're just going to pick up the
alligator yeah set it by him and we will
got right behind the break yeah
alligator can bite right like oh I want
to check if you want to close it's going
to nip on its own I'm sorry Kate if
you're watching this you're Jake caller
and you watch everyday then I'm sorry
kid
I don't know if my GoPro all I go for
it's working
yo kid I was wondering if you could like
help me shoot this I don't want to come
over I'm actually scared of alligators
you know you weren't expecting that yeah
for three for three with the prank we're
going to try and get them to snap at
this banana here I'm scared aren't yet
ah
oh dear si potassium each of potassium
kid Tristan wants to get bit by it
Oh bro no savage oh my god
oh that's a big bite oh yeah what about
you that that's like yeah okay so we
want to eat this dough very twins next
we have the big like monitor lizards or
lizards all right I'm new to this up in
the room we're going to try and get them
down here and we're going to put the
monitor in the room and the snake yeah
I'll put back of the cage do they have
like room attached to it yeah I know
that so if we can funnel into the pan
drop this make another those go back up
where it should look like holy Sh you
can't get away from the neighbor of your
brand
that's a great idea y'all Lucas Marcus
you want to make them musically let's
make it musically add two million
followers on there I'll tag you everyone
will do anything for a text coming
downstairs right now the guys are hiding
and then they're going to take all the
stuff up into their room and I'm
actually like making musically with them
what up so already really well
the bathroom oh here's a good when they
come in don't see this ninja here and
don't want to actually after they come
in you should put them on right outside
their door so they'll be completely
trapped and agree with a snake in it and
that they want to be so have to go over
the monomer do you mean that a lot of
students huh yeah I got it ready mom are
you
I guess thank you so much for being in
my musically yeah you guys can do
whatever you twins do now right upstairs
oh it's bending yeah just a high good
job buddy okay so Frank
Erica team 10 mom is in her room right
now know what she's doing but we're just
gonna we should like take this snake in
there and like throw it on her bed she's
like definitely afraid of snakes put it
like right on are you serious it is real
oh my god
I'm done I'm moving out I feel like I'm
actually post a baby yeah I love you
okay all right guys thank you so much
for watching Brian thank you for
bringing over the animals I'm sure we're
going to be doing a lot more collabs in
the future you want to see more
exclusive footage of all the stuff that
we did here today go over to his channel
Brian bar check check it out thank you
so much from an all right man to know
something we will be back let's do it
what's next
yo digger what are you doing Oh came
down here just uh architects and we're
making the blueprint for the backyard
trampoline park as you can see
everything is drawn to scale you know
yeah we'll give it up there okay here's
what we're thinking 15-foot traveling
right here red looks cool we already
have the 50-foot over there yeah put
that one here
cool this is the pool this one's going
to be tilted at an angle we're going to
try and get square ones here and then
another one covering the pool like this
this might have to be a 15-foot right
yeah theoretically the fat one should go
over like this and we need like a third
trampoline here maybe a fourth over here
they don't have a square Lanza's here we
opt for another 12 foot you're right
haha okay so we got a 12-foot trampoline
another 12-foot trampoline
and a 15-foot trampoline and it's still
out of focus it needs to be like my car
and focus oh yeah I think we're gonna
just need some wood now and I don't know
what's gonna happen next from the vlog
oh come on sighs oh man how are you I'm
fine like I made it
ah okay I'm out of breath we just
carried these trampolines into here
they're going to be ready for us to set
up tomorrow but right now these ends all
about to roll together to a big a
meeting that we have so this should be
fun
oh yeah work at
alright guys that was like the most lit
meeting that really has like who has
office meetings I know it wasn't even a
media like party like wait they consider
that an awful meeting that's why I'm
certain it was great though we should
adopt that flaw
you right then today's notifications
shout-out goes to marine more love your
marine thank you so much for having my
notifications on guys you want to be
shouted out in tomorrow's video turn on
my notifications and cam it when you're
doing what's next ah just got back from
the dead
and now is the perfect time to introduce
our special jet we're getting wood ready
for tomorrow they're having a slumber
party hang on I guess guys how's the
funk rose to folks rose gosh
hey hey what's up these are long rows
around in my husband I guess I've got
you you drop the ball Jake follow these
are the funk pros you know I mean
they're funky hey VI Cameron and Cory
here and Joe Dumars about to be lit yo
who got workers don't forget about our
three trampoline trifecta thingy so
we're gonna get up at 5:00 a.m. we're
gonna start filming at 6 a.m. and we're
rebuilding like almost all day to
complete this and then we're gonna jump
on our backyard trampoline park so we
got all this wood hand we got a
blueprint and we got the funk Bros and
we got no life so let's do this all
right shake colors it's like 1 and we
are up chatting I love the funk pros
already Kate sleeping on the trampoline
all it's officially a slumber party I
must see you guys tomorrow with a giant
trampoline park in our back
right because it's everyday bro
