yo I don't know how but yo we got this
to work time to make some goo I think
I'm doing it wrong I don't know I
definitely didn't do this right all
right shake Pollard's enough of the DIY
camera angles and blah first of all good
morning second of all what are you doing
with this green stuff well everyone's
been pranking me lately and I'm sick of
it so it's my turn to get back at them
passes hiking right now Lucas and
markers are sleeping alyssa is sleeping
and I am going to dump this line all
over their faces bro now I know I did it
wrong but it might be even better
because it's like even nastier whoo yeah
I don't know where I went wrong with the
ingredients but so I'm not a cook so I
remember I had this other glue I'm gonna
see if this glue works inside of here
good morning Nick
how do you say I'm gonna find some
people in British I'm going to find some
people yeah I mean I prank the people
who are sleeping they deserve it I'm
annoying me lately I'm sick of it you
meant it I'm sick of it yeah I don't
know what I'm doing it I definitely
messed it up I'm gonna spray some of
this stuff in here see if that helps to
long what you haven't you haven't where
what where did you get this Oh what the
heck
what is this the actual flower or what
you man what do I put that puts it in
here
yes go ahead what do you guys can
coughing I'm making fun good morning
good morning I'm just kind of figure out
yeah just hold this I mean I already
looks pretty real yeah this just made it
so much better
it's like expanding where did you get
this what is this on a home email now
let's shop and that you wanna actually
fly oh it's clumping up you guys fair
heart if you need like whisk it with a
fork please
what do we
added this to water yo I don't know how
but you know we got this to work we get
how dope this is all right here we go
yeah
I just got word and
when she walks to the front door all
how about that how about day
my exercise I really feel elated mood
brain follows a minute I'm going to know
I'll be right back ah my old Frank
Becker I hate you we're likely now
though you only say hey to people that
you love yes I do love you so
guys let's clean this up oh my kind of
some of it okay yeah no it looks like it
is that oh you know yeah it looks like
it no idea yeah being told to clean
when you want to clean it don't lose the
others help make this plea so rich I'm
so fast I'm like a park you know what
dear wonderful haha good working huh
yeah try this at home kids tea
Oh get in losers we're going shopping
nope
open conduct are you hungry or what do
we hungry he hasn't eaten like two weeks
blogger blog everything shopping
sometimes I bought naked in the shower I
mean I just don't put it in the edit
Christmas go throw water hold water
oh right good you know use me hold on a
nice doggie
these ones are stale he's under stealth
hey Antoine from Target that's my boy
yeah he's Jane gang gang you think it's
a go viral theory yes my boy Antoine
doesn't know this blog life he doesn't
know that we go viral every single day
brush on the Jake collar at Target with
popping blood are you a young savage yes
all right don't trap too hard two L's
later yo they're still checking out all
of these chips come on Antoine we got
this my boy Anton struggling
well I've ever seen a lot of chips is
right now okay so I get home and we have
to carry like thousands of bags of chips
upstairs
but yo you guys are killing it right now
like why you guys so cute what sound
like you look great yo why are they so
dressed up yo what are you doing when
you're feeling yourself I'm just going
to have your camera service oh hey guys
I'm violent here like i never dressed
like this so you can subscribe to my
channel like me you're feeling yourself
so hard I'm freakin closer with me where
did we go 3d if this video gets 500
thousand likes
well day okay okay do you think we
should date
no no we're just friends where are we
what are we uh I guess it's fine
what kind of shampoo yeah yeah yo look
at the market and now you ruin my
bathroom and you ruined my regular room
yo you clean myself up bro what do you
mean I hate them Oh what's next ha ha ha
you're gonna kill someone
ah yeah yeah what something that you've
done YouTube video right now and we're
going to be reading and reacting to
fanfiction do you want to like actually
act it out mmm no super spies they spent
the night making out now so you don't
want to actually act it out like that's
the guy who's fine so you know nope
there was even going on right now ha ha
you're in the home good hello anger is
oh yeah I'm gonna close it on my god god
guys I don't know what just happened
Jake caller it's dark outside let's edit
this up I will see you tomorrow because
it's everyday bro banquise is now
available just go to the description no
but seriously though you want to buy the
phone cases in the description
please
