good morning Jake Paulus we are
currently here in the u-tube wilderness
where only the strong survive we're only
the best bloggers rise to the top we're
only the Jake fathers we are the most
let you tube channel good morning Jake
falls free we are here in the YouTube
world earnest if you're new here my name
is Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
callers and yeah literally we are at
YouTube right now it's kind of weird and
I just got done having some meetings
with YouTube ah they just said the Jake
parlors are the sexiest fan base online
that's also a fact analytically I'm just
kidding they didn't say but it's true
good morning man I am feeling good today
I'm hitting my signature dance moves
like today is off to a great start put
your vlog belts on and get ready for
today's roller coaster right guys I'm
literally gonna try and jump a car right
now all right ready don't try this at
home okay here we go okay oh okay
Jake are you okay nope it is off to a
great start make sure you're smiling
make sure you're dabbing on them haters
make sure your company's called the
hottest words in the game fans wrote
code backslash your mom oh we're gonna
speaking of fans Reiko backslash your
mom and speaking of moms in general and
parents in general I I actually have a
really important message that I want you
to show to your parents right now
it's something that's been on my mind
for a while so please get your parent
right now and watch this message
please buy your kid my March that is all
but actually though that's been on my
chest for a while I've been thinking
about it anyhoo now I'm boring guys I am
back in Los Angeles it feels so good to
be back from New York City although it
was super fun oh oh while I was in New
York I was trying to do like one good
thing a day to give back or and it puts
a smile on somebody's face and so I
encourage you guys to go and do
something good for somebody right now
like I'm gonna do my good thing right
now
here you go nation good deed done
sometimes I think people overthink doing
something good for somebody else if you
little bit be as simple as giving Nathan
here a water bottle or or sitting with
somebody at the lunch table or helping
your mom or dad clean up the house after
a long day just too involved and help
people damn it for real guys we are back
in Los Angeles it feels so good to be
home ready to conquer the meetings in
New York went super well oh man I'm
supposed to go left there I'm distracted
by the law dad I need more Beyonce in my
life like I said guys we had meetings
this morning I actually just arrived at
the team 10 photo shoot so we haven't
taken photos as a whole entire group in
a long I don't have a baby I know and we
get views because the babies are cute
that is exactly what we do I move lager
sorry guys hey like I was saying we're
doing this like team 10 photo shoot
tonight get a bunch of dope pictures we
may or may not be going on tour hashtag
well I'm not gonna talk about that ever
again no we need to do all of these
crazy photos but being the pretty pretty
prankster I am I'm gonna shake things up
a little bit in the side of this
handy-dandy Jay Paul backpack that is
now available online that's besides the
point
I have legitimately 12
pears is oh of handcuffs
my goal is gonna be - Hank up all of the
team ten members together so that we all
have to spend time and like bond
together and like it's gonna be like a
24-hour team ten handcuff challenge who
doesn't love that but for real though
you can actually get one of these homie
Daniel Jake Paul backpacks right now
seriously yo check this out while I was
in New York City Nick Crompton got this
fully customized Jeep from dynamite
Dylan Crompton we're about the back flip
your Jeep I don't have health insurance
fine if you're not gonna back flip it
looks like I'm gonna back flip it take
you got me you don't know how to
backflip oh this is gonna end badly
yes you've started yeah go for it
yep that's what happens when you try to
do that no we're late guys guys I made
it Nathan they come back bro okay cool
I'll just vlog myself can we I have a
conspiracy theory says the one that
broke into our house and stole the Tesla
that night where the clown outfit
show you're admitting to it
okay okay what it was case now there
were two of you are you ain't beat me up
I gotta be in the shoot - okay fine
laughter oh don't Kate knows more
Felicia than I do
Jake why okay yeah I'm changing guys if
you're gonna do a photo shoot you gotta
have like the dopest clothes on
we have a stylist in the building right
three two what Davey you're supposed to
shake the camera broke your warning
Jesus better you look at this baby
fashion man approved and Kade I don't
need you talking smack to me okay you're
looking like a quill right now you see
the 300 movies look like the guys Dirk
sees thank you no yes whoa wow these are
really cute Kyler who are you fighting
Oh everyone's fighting me guys speaking
of this fight like we talked about it
while we're on this subject I think it's
going to happen the difference is Jesus
there's so much going on Logan and I are
having a debate internally because we're
literally like revitalizing these these
irrelevant kids careers and so it's like
we have to communicate with their teams
to negotiate like what is fair
business-wise cuz you know all about
that business further trying to put you
into like the whole boxing tournament
thing are you down
I saw no I'm not I just had to ask for
the internet there you go there's your
answer guys I gotta tell you something
what I had you bought a new Patek are
these messed up if I saw this car
I pulled in front of this one driveway
and like four cars came and stalled out
in the middle of the road I almost got
hit more it than I am now so how do you
bought a new car cos guys yall michaux
these team 10 members how to do a photo
shoot
that's what I'm talking about noodles
get into get your games like that baby
okay the photo shoot is going great guys
we've been grinding it's dark outside
now but yo it is handcuffed time yo look
at how many pairs alright I'm gonna go
one by one and add people to the
handcuffed train I don't know how this
is gonna work guys let's go
how can you be in this vlog segment
really fast yeah Nathan looks good it's
been a mess up yeah I just need to like
hug you huh I just need to give you a
hug you're doing for my thumbnail why is
it behind my why are you going I'll bra
with it this is an awkward thumbnail
alrighty three two one post huh as they
always handcuff great thumbnail is this
your blog today no no you just became a
part of a 24-hour team ten handcuffs
challenge no no the laser vlog at the
top alone do you want to be alone
everyone else no Anthony you come be my
thumbnail really fast I need you in with
the thumbnail at least separate you next
day I had you're not Erica and then do
you have to look at just look at ya just
on your side it's just like the chest up
look at this ready three two one family
goals family goals welcome to the team
fan handcuffed trained contestant for
today's video
I want to be handcuffed with you guys
yeah you guys my best friends are oh
yeah okay cool I'll join all you gonna
do is that don't look at the Train come
on we're getting Nick Crompton all right
you just Nick Wyatt what just we're all
holding each other's hands for this like
Nick that's not like pose I don't know
yeah - all right don't worry four hours
yo yo yo yo check it check who sucks at
vlogging hey come on guys should I be
right there he's right there Chad done
now what do you mean it's a hank of
challenge bro you're a spy Reese's bro
yo yo yo just help me get my kids have
to go to bed you the way Freddie
it's the way
all right fine Cuyler we're gonna let
you go you're too old for this anyway Oh
all right we're getting Erika she's
backing up thanks bye sorry I'm over
this the car is gonna break stop all in
this together once we know how we did
this before and it was a great bonding
yeah now with all of you at one freaking
time you don't like hey I was still
wrong yo let's give a warm welcome to
Eric Acosta
what did you guys do this is a really
bang for your buck picture here
all right at the same time they finished
who has the hottest merch in the game
tape off your course at first I said
first that's a goddamn tiger fans with a
kopeck plastic ball in the game yeah you
want the key so we'll see you guys later
we'll see look it up funny this is
you're not funny I'm gonna handcuff him
guys don't worry but thank you all so
much for watching you during the
strongest team on YouTube smash that
subscribe button
give that subscribe button a little bit
of a kick that subscribe button and I
will see you guys tomorrow is everyday
revolution join the everyday bro
movement people and calc your self some
of the hottest urged in the game go
right now because the take collars sell
everything out and smash that subscribe
button and join the most let YouTube
channel on YouTube I'll see you all
tomorrow
