no actually it's not on your wrist it
fell off when you fell back there what
is real no what is Gucci oh look at me
with these Gucci little Gucci low snow
goggles ah maybe I'm killing the game
we're about to start off this morning
with a bang baby Oh Chad bucket pool
behind this here dude you already know
what's about to go down guys welcome to
the most lit YouTube channel on YouTube
fact if y'all are new here I'm Jake
poles you guys are the Jake callers and
this is the team ten family
hey that is the squad hashtag team ten
like I said we're the most lit family on
YouTube fact
so put your vlog belts on and get ready
for today's adventure we are currently
here in which means a couple of things
snow my 21st birthday and a whole lot of
madmen I'm going through puberty my
voice just cracked you actually already
kind of started this morning guys I'm
gonna give you a little bit of a
flashback here mr. nathen here slept in
a tad bit too long y'all know what that
means roll the clip you guys all know
filmer uncle Nathan look you look you
know uncle Nathan he films the vlogs on
a day-to-day basis I told him to be up
bright and early so that we get the blog
started honey now but he's still
sleeping so it's time to wake Nathan up
which I don't think has ever been on the
vlogs before baby you're fired kid I
took your spot again
try this try that's what happens when
you don't wake up on time good morning
Nathan hi you're ruining the equipment
sorry Nathan you know if you sleep in
that's what happens when you're part of
the team tough family bro but guys let
me get you caught up to speed if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog things got
lit as well I was riding around on my
dirt bike
we took a private jet here to Aspen
we're currently staying at like one of
the most luxurious houses in Aspen guys
like I said it's gonna get lit and last
but not least like I still can't even
believe it guys I literally bought
through a hundred thousand dollars worth
of watches like Oh like like um so I'm
flexing both of those guys I'm flexing
both of them sorry like rose go a pee
sometimes no so I don't know I'm so i
stout it's like like it's like a
Lamborghini on my wrist it's really the
only way to put it I'm about to be 21 so
it's time to get late hey yo it's not
your birthday bro it's actually my
birthday which means I'm doing whatever
I want like if I see something I want to
do it I'm doing if I see something I
want to buy and if you haven't been
following along for the past couple of
days first of all what are you doing
second of all smash that subscribe
button right now so that you can become
part of the strongest team on YouTube
and start to follow along with what
we're doing on a day to day basis but
number three if you haven't been
following along everyone on Team Tennis
sit guys like we should probably be in
the hospital guys
it's not even a joke like that wasn't
planned
however Jake doesn't get sick sick get
Jake baby I'm gonna beat this sickness
cuz that's how we do it
except for this morning when I was
bleeding out of my nose oh I'm bleeding
bro I've ever been as sick of my life
enough with the chitchat baby it's time
to turn up hey are you ready Chad I was
born ready
slingshot let's hit it how's lid
let's go baby
look guys it's actually crazy too
because like even erikak austell is sick
inherited constant i got her sick
definitely cuz they're like we make out
and stuff you just needed your cell
phone at some time
check your lap race room are gonna labor
in a few minutes
that's no booty the watch isn't for tell
them times the watch is for being bougie
and nuts on these haters cuz will give
you an example jake ballers your
sweatshirt super ugly oh snap
on our way to the mountain now guys and
if you notice half of the squad is
already at the mountain Anthony my dad
Justin Kyler Sonny and it's actually
Anthony's first time snowboarding hey
guys we're about to meet up with the
rest of the squad and I'm so excited
because these mountains are like
ginormous there are some of the biggest
mountains in the world but guys I'm
prepared I got chapstick
I got medicine in case I get sick I got
this dope jacket that Erica got me I got
the apron wants you know flex on these
later so I can tell what time it is when
I'm cruising around maybe Gucci goggles
brought weren't ready for the mountains
first you're under the day boys look who
I found
oh it's me up in a training school all
day I'm ready to shed well
that's rad alright guys okay they're
gonna try and make Tony crash you got it
meanwhile hi Erica
are you good that was aggressive I'm not
gonna lie bro I can't feel a head your
how do you in your tailbone your
tailbone is by feeling not I'm sick no
you're sure all your stuff like fell off
you say I'm so hard there's snow in my
nose alright let's get it we all I got
cocky
and I slammed yeah yeah we gotta go
flying off are you sure did you see it
no actually it's not on your wrist it
fell off when you fell back they're all
both your gloves flew off bro bro no
dude do it you know we gotta go before
someone
Jake hasn't said a word since we got on
the chairlift like I mean he actually
just got that long yesterday it's like
you shoved in Jake it's toward the
bottom so we got a little ways to go we
have to hightail it down this run we
should slow down I think we're close
here you know people look out we're
super close bro like I think it's like
Mackenzie's right by it you fell like
right in this region I think yeah so
Jake I think you slammed like right like
right where you're standing
we have the footage it's on that go
probably thinks I think we have GoPro
footage of where you fell what it could
be like Mackenzie might be right I could
kind of like roll down here oh man
oh okay guys you could say the slide
right here Julie I'm so sorry Erica yeah
I feel like that looks like looks like
slide mark something could have slammed
over there in a positive note this is
great content if you think about it yeah
I don't um now losing $100 oh my gosh
don't say that
oh my god I knew this is where you don't
even worry about it guys what's up Jake
Pollard's listen guys I want to be able
to give you guys exclusive updates on
merchandise news things I have going on
in my life if you guys want to be able
to communicate with me text me talk to
me do with all of these amazing things
then go to next Jake Paul me text Jake
Paul calm which is gonna give you guys
exclusive discounts exclusive March
exclusive text message it's literally
that easy so go to text Jake Paul calm
right now and we're gonna be chatty
Deb's everyday bro make sure your
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it see you guys
tomorrow
oops
