very sick people taking a pool right now
oh no what
okay somebody's dygraf into my coffee ah
good morning Jake Paula so last night I
come home from the gym and this is what
I find
oh my gosh so Lucas and Margaret took it
upon themselves to fold up like I don't
know ten thousand paper balls and put
them in my room
these kids are ridiculous I just took
them hours and hours of work and I just
walk in and like now they haven't even
cleaned it up I can't even get out of
bed look at oh good morning
yeah but I might as well make the most
of it now I'm sad
well I was wrong so if you guys want to
see the full video you can always go to
Lucas and Marcus's channel I'll put the
video link in the description you can
see like how they did it and all that
stuff did you miss me no a little bit
she did I'm back in LA Alyssa's back in
LA Tessa's back in LA because the
marquees are back in LA everyone's in LA
we got the whole squad rounded up so
this week is about to be so much fun
we're going to have a lot going on make
sure you guys stay tuned and a fan sent
me this package I opened it up last
night I didn't know what it was but this
is like this is amazing
not hard so this is from my girl in
Texas
her name is Emma Lynn so Evelyn if
you're watching this thank you so much
like I know you put a ton of time and
effort into this she knows that my
brother and I are trying to train for
the 2020 Olympics so she made us these
custom Olympic sweatshirts check this
out bro
it's literally like a giant American
flag this is so pin Team USA and then it
has my name on this side oh my gosh has
my name on the side and everything this
is like simply this is simply beautiful
this is going to help me train for the
Olympics like I inspires me like
representing this country of America
that we live in
I'm gonna go so hard and every time I
treat Italy mix I'm going to be wearing
that and I also got this hat which is
belt merica brash what up look how I
look and it wouldn't be a proper welcome
back if I didn't jump on the trampoline
but that was no say something British my
coffee and cake yes you do you that is
boy yo Kade was poppin bro good bro just
vlogging over here oh yeah wow that's
nice
not first person to do that well who is
the first show you're probably like yo
jig what are you doing today and yeah
you know I'm probably like you know I'm
going to do a lot of stuff today but the
main thing that I'm doing today is well
I guess I don't really know I'm going to
the Dudesons house and have a pool and
you good it was texted me it was like
yell bro come over I heated
Poole we're going to put two giant
snakes in the pool and then try and get
them out of the pool so I was lying down
bro so I guess that that's what I'm
going to be doing I really don't know
what to expect I don't know how big
these giant snakes are you know played
with a lot of snakes before I've swam in
snakes before I've done a lot of like
weird things I don't like snakes at all
but I just do it I don't know why to be
honest but it should be fun I guess
you know I let's go there let's just go
to the pool with the sinks I don't know
all right we just got here yo what's up
guys my line bro alright so what we got
going on here I'm still I still know
what oh my god
Oh Mike after POW this is my friend
that's your friend right there what's
his name doesn't have a name bro it's so
big yo I'm not about this life right now
look at it oh my god he's scared yo look
at this thing oh my god yo yo oh I like
this one there's another one in here
right there just say well it seems have
you ever saw today I was in a bathtub
with snakes but but not this big no
let's believe the pool see how they do
listo and dive we just make this be one
with the nature and then have a
challenge think enough let's make out of
the pool I'm down I said what you're
just going for it so Brian you're going
to make sure we're safe right you're the
one like in charge of all these snakes
groves the snake but I don't know about
this I'm starting to second-guess this
Jake Pollard's you bro if I die I mean
at least my name rhymes with snake right
so that gives me some slight advantage
that's more friendly right yeah I mean
can put your hand up too buddy
okay so we flip the coin and I basically
have to get the more aggressive snake
out of the water and Judah has to do the
the easier one I got I got the outline
of Brian set when we can this is a
little bit sketchy this more aggressive
it is more active and energetic well I
think you're going to do great things
I'm telling you you're an athletic guy
looking at your geta fine they're
probably fine probably fine having done
this before I've never done this before
but I
think I think theoretically it should be
okay there's just such a deep pool too
over there and that ends Bom I don't
know if I have a life insurance policy
yet but honestly like please call me
when you're watching this and we
actually need to set one up so sup mom
all right we're about to jump in I got
into my chute thingamajiggy and nothing
protected hope it's not going to go for
the ball yeah that'd be bad but guys
we're going hard right this deserves a
light she's done no smell sound like my
precious nice in the pool with on
500,000 likes right now mash that button
bro big ballers I'm going to put a GoPro
on my head and set this camera up over
here so you can see the pool let's just
go for it bro Hey oh my gosh
yo yo really about oh wow
or so out here there's no turning back
oh my god oh oh ah yes
I'm stereo okay I'll get it head oh hey
where's the kid it's so pretty where the
tail so did you in the defense yo I'm
not learning anything am I doing this
your face officially clam with it oh I
like it what it looks at me like that
so they're going to make some reduce
nausea serious sketchy because they're
gonna fly on us that's on saying bro
they're gonna plot on us right now and
take over our lives
baby-talking they were talking about the
vlogs are too real how are you going to
get in I'm not alone look how big this
thing intro is that one night yo-yo is
out no it's not nice right figuring out
you're freaking me out bro I'll cook you
now are you depressed I'm okay right
here this is dumbest two one on the line
this one's aggressive yeah you got it
oh well Jake callers on I think right
now is the perfect time to do our
notification shoutout for today today's
opening and shout-out goes through
Caroline Dutchman from Idaho drink you
so much Caroline to have my
notifications on guys if you want we
shout it out in the mall we do turn on
my notifications right now and comment
when you're doing Caroline almost just
died shouting you out this looks fast
bro this is not fun Oh
Gogol holy cow
whoa oh my god boys welcome to the void
right now we have six people taking a
pool
Leslie right now very pensive great
French take aim at me
bye buddy see you later LG is he
subscribed the Omnitrix Mike all right
cool Oh murdered it oh all right guys we
killed that realized I can't believe it
you guys want to check out more
exclusive footage of like what we did
you can go to their channels I'll put
the link in the description Mike down
here somewhere you guys can go check it
out Thank You Bryan
they you Jukka we're killing it so back
at the team center headquarters and I
ordered food from postman and I don't
know if you guys remember but like a
week ago or something the post meets
girl that came her name was a Oh so we
were making like friends with her we're
like Hello
and now we're like basically homies but
she's coming again right now with my
food yo she's going to be a character in
these locks she's going to become famous
from the Jake Palmer
bill yo what's up guys Jake what are you
doing my orders about to be here and the
post meets girl's name is a Oh from Al
you've lost my girl do you remember they
what's up to the Jake Paula hi how are
you
we're out here by girl they're going to
like you yes you didn't like me I didn't
have their notifications on every time I
want to get a flipping shark Jesus
well I can have it Lucas and Morgan you
clean up this mess in my room
ah yo yo chill chill chill chill chill
don't spill out on me water water water
water
hey what's up bro did you get your USA
stuff in the mail so I'll see you in one
hour and we'll work out in it together
and matching high-five yeah let's work
out on it together bro
fine I'll see you in an hour bro oh that
wasn't cool she resisted police 17 I
don't know what is speaking a 20-17
let's talk about 2020 oh wait a minute -
epic training montage with Olympic
stretches on
yo killer workout has always loved her
hell my brother policy bro bye ladies ha
ha alright signallers thank you so much
for watching today I just went to the
store and I got some supplies to pull
some pranks on the team 10 members when
they wake up in the morning so I will
see you tomorrow because every day
