and so I was like yeah let's go to the
palms you know and get a house now our
downtown Jake Pollard's that's right it
is nighttime up and we just got to Las
Vegas last night shut up door last night
I didn't know it is I don't know I'm
going to basically in yesterday's vlog
we said that we were going to drive from
Utah to Los Angeles but everything got
delayed so we decided to drive halfway
which is to Las Vegas and so I was like
yeah let's go to the Palms you know and
get a house now on the town and so
here's we are guys I'm going to give you
a little bit of a tour we're going to be
going to Los Angeles in the morning
which you'll still be in this vlog but
in the meantime check out this hotel
room first thing you see when you walk
in the doors there's a TV in the ground
like you can step on the channels don't
work whatever and it kind of like comes
over to this big area hey guys
oh and then look at this over here you
see the shower of the master bedroom and
there's yes there's that and then this
whole like wall and contraption like
moves to cover that pretty little bro
pretty well we got this spinny chair
thing I'll test it out for you we also
got this hydro pump table look at this
you can't get enough they'll start
coming up it's like a workout I don't
know why they have this but and then you
can hold it
it comes flying out Oh bless me there's
also one two three TVs in a period of
like five feet I don't know why they got
this pool table nice hood you Kate
let's do a really dope shot of this
table and then put epic music to make it
seem cooler and actually is three to one
back here those like a full kitchen I
don't know what the heck they're going
to do with this stuff giant dinner table
and the best part about the whole thing
is this view baby come on who doesn't
like that look at look at this view on
the other side oh it's beautiful
so these button close all the drapes you
know that's lit then you push to open it
you
I will show you the master bedroom TV
thing in the dresser bed giant bed
fireplace why are there two showers
these are two separate showers like one
shower but there's like a window to look
into the other one kind of weird I don't
know oh it was that sex to get another
TV and the second toilet in the same
bedroom what Emily and again I became
stripper for second so this place is
sick definitely not as cool as like the
hundred thousand dollar hotel room which
is in this same hotel which I made a
video on if you guys want to check it
out but it still went broke our Jake
ballers that was a quick tour we still
got a whole day ahead of us tomorrow so
I will see you in the morning wake up
wake up guys it's breakfast time
good morning Jake callers what's poppin
look at his beautifully
caca moly Wow look at that what a
beautiful view to wake up to I just spit
everywhere we're about to head back to
Los Angeles you guys ready to go wait we
didn't know no you're not and what are
twins no we have to go Los Angeles you
can't so much but wait a minute
okay go those guys um this haul ass up
nobody misses the Jake Pollak what crazy
bro I'll see what else I can do hold
this hold a wall swimming get it just
like a fool devil no little Los Angeles
Tokyo 2020 we've been having smoke there
is not a lot so we ordered room service
and you yo right this way yes yo we're
trying to eat bro move your bed
good morning Kade to do good morning
Darya
that's it good morning Marcus Lucas for
that's fine no you're Marcus don't even
live up good morning Lucas Wednesday it
was crazy how many people like became
famous off the side and now it's gone
rocket we can screams oh my - who's the
siscon I'm still here dog oh what's that
make it guy just like came out the
window I usually click on the phone
really we could see like all that ah
good morning Janice ah I'm in Vegas I
get up no we're just so creepy
ah yeah look he's naked ya know what if
we judge a fall no no you should not use
this shit no they're just chillin Nick
yo this is so inappropriate
Nick you people what happened to mega
stays in Vegas and breakfast with the
view just came up on the screen of like
a guy proposing to a girl and the ring
got knocked out of his hand and like it
was like a big fight for everyone trying
to like steal the ring that must be so
terrible for like that your big moment
like that to be ruined and I was like
that's what I'm not even gonna film it
when I like proposed to my wife
I'm not stop walking below and I can use
that in quick break today we're going to
be actively
that's event okay where was that for oh
we're about to leave this hotel room why
is it on my computer I don't know what
oh yeah dude yeah I don't know how that
got there pretty weird all right as I
was saying we're leaving this motel room
by Las Vegas of you see ya next time on
our 4 billion dollar hotel let's do it
ha
okay guys driving back to Los Angeles
we're about to just meet us in a big
burst I just I can't go there are 60
come on court one thirty five forty
forty fifty not been is everyone good
you're good they would have whiplash no
broken neck good no good cool so we're
driving back to Los Angeles and there's
this like abandoned amusement park on
the way from Los Angeles to Las Vegas
and I had like a couple meetings in Los
Angeles that I just cancelled we
literally just passed this amusing part
we're turning around to go back to it
we're trying to sneak into it and like
explore the whole entire thing I don't
know what to expect I don't even know if
we're allowed to be in there I think a
couple people have like made blogs of
this on YouTube before but it looks so
sick we're going to take like no
pictures in there as well
vlogs are so liberal also before you
that today's notification shout-out goes
to
yes comments my girl thank you so much
for having my notifications on guys if
you want to be shouted out in tomorrow's
vlog all you have to do is subscribe to
turn on my notifications and comment
when you're done let's go to this music
part I don't know what's going to have
to take polishes every day bro a house
sketch this is like we're literally in
the middle of nowhere okay look so this
is the abandoned like park or whatever
it is I don't know what it like used to
be so
oh there's Lily no one here it's low-key
kinda sketchy
alright we're parking here hope this was
a good spot I don't know don't forget
just pack you can't pay for us no look
at this it's like this empty place yo
you can add like guards here no one's
going to see it right thing right orange
silver let's go Jake crawlers right now
stop what you're doing go down to the
like button and smash that can just get
a hundred thousand likes hopefully we
don't have to run from security or
anything leave this close don't have
tops on them the vlog so I'm gonna be
really windy for audio I'm sorry I've
never seen a fallen plum tree this is
ridiculous so sketchy here brew ball
yo-yo video this look about to be like
that everywhere yo this is sketchy bro
bro there's definitely like animals and
stuff in here I'm not about it oh
there's a ladder to climb it feels crazy
okay but just a roof up here I don't
want to walk on it because I feel like
it's old and like rot and I'll fall
through so nuts
you should know what happened in here
this is like in the middle of the desert
they probably still raised here
waterpark no way yo there's actually a
water park it's a lazy river bro that's
such a Walmart waterpark
it is the line the car is to go to the
top of okay here we go
no having fun goes all the way down
there is our van
no one's by it it looks today but we've
walked so far okay so it's starting to
rain but we figured out why this water
park is abandoned because they built a
water park in the desert bro there's no
water water water water
so sketches never rains in the desert
and training in decide we're all going
to die gone wrong houses go why we're
killing in one of these houses someone
died here apparently so is avatar dog
Joe what was that what was that
oh my god bro we all we all jumped it
wasn't on camera his door is like
slamming closed
you got it dari yeah don't hit the stud
oh alright we're jogging out of here and
it stopped raining so being just chill
anyone brought netflix laptop know who
this is the valet i'm at the valet my
with parker in the front this sign says
rock-a-hula waterpark so if we're
leaving now but I'm going to like look
up Rock a cooler and like find out the
backstory on it where do they hang ah
okay so I googled rock-a-hula waterpark
and I'm going to give you get some fun
facts so the park was shut down and they
sold it to a different group of people
in 1990 and then in 1995 that group of
people like removed the water slides on
the hill and like made room for new
installations they tried to like
advertise and promote the waterpark but
it like wasn't successful
they would always say like rock and roll
music there they had an EDC which is
like The Electric Daisy Carnival concert
there in like 1999 but after like three
years of operations the park was three
million dollars in debt and in that same
year an employee was crippled somehow in
an accident and sued the part for 4.4
million dollars so after that they had
to like shut it down and ever since then
it's just been abandoned and like no one
goes to it and like the owners of it
died all the months later and kind of
creepy kind of creepy I wonder how much
that property costs the vile like that
be soulless just like rebuild it or do
something like insane jumps or something
there I don't know all my camera
batteries are dying Jesus I've been
walking too much for almost home such a
long drive
whoo Riley made it home it feels good to
be back at the team painting what's up
Nick yeah I'm back take that we're all
back so let's go we got to blow
something up okay so what doe why'd you
put the trampoline here guys can't even
jump the lights in the way oh god this
is what happens I leave for four seconds
and everything just gonna mess up what
do you mean what do you mean Jake cause
it's about to get dark outside I have so
much to catch up on thank you for
watching today's vlog figure out where I
was going to say back in Los Angeles at
home I miss you miss you so much baby
we're going to get back on that grind
have some exciting content plan for you
guys for the rest of the week don't
forget if you want some Jake Palmer
strolling isn't this description down
here so I will see you tomorrow because
it's every day bro
peace
you
