we're definitely not good enough
snowboarders to really be doing this
good night Jake ballers that's the first
time that I've ever said that you're
probably confused because it is dark
outside and we're starting the vlog
right now because we decided to build a
snowboard park in our backyard look at
how perfect this is like we got these
hills we got all the snow to come up to
if we're about to snowboard off the roof
I'm getting Lucas and Markus their
brother diary cave to hell we're gonna
be going at this for like five hours
right now come down dude someone's
probably gonna get hurt because it's
going to be really tight in like there's
yeah baby gone wrong yeah I'm gone wrong
blood on the snow edited and it's fine
but right now we have to go to the store
get some more shovels and more supplies
to kind of build out this whole entire
thing and it's going to take a lot of
time in like planning but we're just
going to go for let's go ahh so we're
going to try and drift Big Bertha we got
her to drift the other day but this is a
better lot let's go
so we're here at the store about to get
some shovels and supplies ready to make
this whole entire thing lift up looking
y'all actually really hurt my knee all
right we need for these bad boys well
let's go we also talked about my outfit
I posted a fire picture on my instagram
at chick Paul so you guys want to go
check it out of this but I feel like a
supermodel yo love that we got
everything we need shovels light spray
paint
extension cords but before we go Lukas
Marcus you know the tradition we can't
leave the store until you do backflips
or some type of trick you know I'm
saying all right we can go now well see
how they landed and did the exact same
thing at the exact same time like bro
they're twins bro I didn't say anything
guys um it's fine we're going back to
the crib huh no we got our shovels we're
all geared on the reality of this is
kind of starting to set in
chill let's go for it I'm macho okay so
we've been building for like an hour and
a half now we have this jump this thing
to go off the roof a jump over here and
a run way down to here it's coming
together pretty well we selves is
probably like an hour left of stuff to
do how you feeling guys yo everyone give
this a thumbs up for all the homies out
here at like 11:30 at night grind and
just stop what you're doing scroll down
and hit that like button for us thank
you guys so much
yo we're so tired silly this it's like
just about done right here I'm here I'm
here launch pad up there there's bunch
of mountains up there we're gonna get
the board's and like smooth it out and
then hit it in the morning okay
pretty good yeah like two more those
gonna be butter yeah isn't this crazy
this is insane I'm probably dying patch
on this but like I kind of want to do it
yeah I want to try it though oh it's
like midnight where are the rest we need
a thumbs up for this we sell a lot of
additions to do can't even tell but in
the daytime you'll be able to see how
lit it is it was a lot bro alright we're
gonna sleep we'll see you in the mornin
Jake polish this is the definition of
you gotta want it anything in life is
possible but you got to want it we're
out here so hard here in the morning
let's go ah good morning people we feel
rejuvenated we still have a little bit
more work to do but the snow like
hardened overnight so it made it a lot
better
my dad just went home to Cleveland we
have to go to Los Angeles tonight but in
the meantime let's get this day poppin
rush Jay Paul errs to that time-lapse
bro alright so we finished up the blue
makes it like a lot cooler and easier to
see the tracks like lamps there we have
this quarter pipe here this big jump
here and then on the backside you have
the trail which goes to the side of the
house you showed that all the way down
this is a big jump here and then flying
off of the roof Kade I didn't think this
moment would come but there's only one
thing left to do
you're right okay so Kay's going for the
first one from here to there and used to
stop before going into the house you
guys think about this okay no definitely
not good enough snowboarders to really
be doing this but hey that's what it's
all about
look guys
alright alright you got it
yeah it's doable how was it is do about
it pop I could have like landed it
alright kids going again whoa Jake
father do it for the Polish all right
thank you dropping three
oh yeah I cleared it no it's this you
got someone here you really have to stop
immediately or you just watch I want to
come down this trail jump it and go all
the way down the side of the house I
wanna see how far I can get down there
this is so dumb hahahaha
ready
yeah no tell you again
I get knocked down it's so fast ready
huh yeah yes yes Wow yeah whoa my voice
is gone
there's so much bother you look at my
board your turn buddy come on you're
done he doesn't need us no voice come on
baby go now hey hey puppy hey buddy
pussy hey today's notification oh my god
oh this notification shout-out goes
still chin Zhang from Maryland shout out
chin you're my boy thank you so much for
watching every single day and turning my
notifications on guys if you want to get
shouted out tomorrow all you have to do
is be subscribed turn the notifications
on and comment when you're done and I
might take you for the far shot out
thingamajig I'm just gonna go for the
roof right right now there are Zig dos
Harley I'm going for the roof are you
sure yeah I want it bro okay okay I'm
about to do this
Carlo we need to snowboard off the roof
so guys use your bathroom I need to
crawl through the window yeah
you gotta want it I'll get busy hey I
don't know what's going on enough
education take it slowly all right three
two
you
oh yeah I know that I wanted it so bad
hold on Eileen bro take the run over yo
I've been making videos for 10 years
that was definitely the most like
heart-wrenching thing that I had to do
in all 10 years I have punch top cars
like jumped over cars ran naked through
malls that was easily the most like I
just had to go for things thanks for
helping us I still can't believe I did
that caves gonna hit this one and go
flying through here let's see what you
got you got it it is right here oh he's
gone he's gone so much fun guys you know
I just thought about too is like this
isn't even our house we're renting it so
like we're about to just leave it here
so when they come back they're gonna be
like Oh what just happened they're gonna
back down they just had X Games back
here guys I owe this video to you guys
thank you guys so much it is time for us
to end the fun go back to Los Angeles we
got a nine hour drive ahead of us we old
crush it and Jake Pollard's I will see
you tomorrow when we're back in Los
Angeles because it's every day bro
