we're gonna put the laptop into the
washer and then I'm gonna be on FaceTime
with a my showing him this boy yours at
2017 who's President Donald Trump who is
all followers on Instagram Selena Gomez
oh try a lot I got back ooh
good morning jig parlors we are out here
in Park City Utah we killed it yesterday
I jumped off of this roof over here
today is about to be another lit day so
if you're new to the jig caller family
prepare yourself for some madness bro
let's go last night we had a sleepover
and oh there's such twins look at that
and so this morning I'm making waffles
baby I'm making waffles who wants
waffles
chef Paul anyone one two waffle row
let's go I got you guys come on
yo tell me that wasn't the hottest
waffle shot of 2017 I killed that bro
look at the heck no waffle frisbee so
we're almost replay hold on
hey acne just hit Marcus no heart let's
do some other gnarly stuff now come on
so the reason we're at Sundance is
because there's like all of these
gifting Suites and like crazy things
going on in business stuff but we're all
ma being into town right now all wearing
goggles because we're like yo let's add
some spice into this day and so we're
just going to be walking around town and
goggles like athletes like we're about
to hit the flowing when it's Sundance
and what you would do gang gang gang
gang gang look how much snow we got on
Big Bertha Big Bertha I got Joe McLean
you off girl oh yeah oh yeah Big Bertha
flinging yourself I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to see you while I'm
driving with these doctors on cuz they
make it really black rewind it never
happened no we just mob that so hard now
we're out on Main Street with the main
crew and I don't know what we're about
to do so let's just live life row and
log it really darkening I can't see
anything
Jesus you got to keep the fashion going
by you jeans why la my boy Marcus come
on guys stop cheating this is good on
you guys okay whoo it's a composition
notebook jacket hmm
they can be in your vlog oh shut up
like and subscribe I was everywhere is a
movement back at the crystal and
apparently we are about to go sledding
like down some huge hills I'm so ready
I don't know what to expect I don't know
what's gonna happen let's just go sweaty
dude no time for lunch so I just gotta
go for it why it going on here yeah
lunch all right we got a squad of people
out here and apparently we are on these
like little mini sled thingies and
they're going to go flying all the way
down the hill it's one of course you got
a high snitch cuz I saw like you really
gotta want it come on bundles up I don't
know if it's sketchy or if this is
really legit but like apparently like
these lush trails here the courses that
you go flying down on the slide I'm
still ready we're out of rest we're
leading the pack were like living in the
middle of the African wilderness Jackson
area has snow like this just engage you
kids in now hi
so we're at the starting point this is
my sled so ratchet ready three two one
oh my gosh yo yo sup yeah oh my gosh so
hard to go prone to
you got it oh I'm going in again we are
here well now your boys got it down nice
whoa let's go ah I'm dead
yeah I killed that run going so sick doc
hi everybody
hopefully hi Jake Wallace we're so out
here bro we're creating passage here
it's 10 for 30
I don't know me no no we'll see what's
next laughs I mean was fun so guys
listen you know there's the Jake polish
and you know there's the the Logan and
Logan's Wi-Fi at his house here in Utah
wasn't good so Logan had to come over
here to upload his YouTube video and he
forgotton left up here um so it's a
perfect opportunity to troll Logan and
trick him so basically what we're going
to do we're going to put the laptop into
the washer and then I'm going to be on
FaceTime with them like showing him this
and then I'm going to flip the camera
around kate is going to take the laptop
out and put it like a plastic thing
we're going to shut it and turn it on
and he's going to think that the laptop
in the washer and we'll see what happens
so let's just go for it all right this
is like brand-new computer most
efficient Logan oh look it's coming up
on here come on answer
yo I'm blogging it was update Palmer
yo um you forgot your laptop here bro
I'm just going to put it here in this uh
this dryer yo yo Oh so I'm just gonna
like turn it on here I hope hopefully
you're not mad good
yeah it will mess it up oh yeah I stop
that stop that stop it all right I'm
Greg De Niro well I Punk you I plunk you
good well I would never take out the low
gang like that you were actually really
salty yo he was actually like low key
pizza he thought about actually doing it
all right Jake ballers we are going to
rap today's vlog up right now it's only
six o'clock but we just decided that
we're going to turn our backyards into a
skate park or into a snowboard park so
that is going to be tomorrow's vlog it's
rather take us like all night it's going
to be amazing and like so much fun so
make sure you guys stay tuned for that
today's notifications shout-out goes to
africa i forget goes to nathan miser
from michigan love you bro if you guys
want to shout out make sure you turn on
my notifications and comment when you're
done for a chance to be shouted out in
tomorrow's video i will see you tomorrow
with our back yard snowboard park
because it's everyday bro
