like how steep it is I don't know if you
can tell but it's really steep we
murdered it yesterday so you know we're
about the murder today I already got
this fluffy had on my jig ball pink
March my red tights on this what I'm
doing I'm building up a giant snow pile
right now so that I could fly off of
this roof into it oh yeah probably
pretty dumb but you know who cares
so yeah let's just build this thing
already - uh sorry I think this is
really dumb idea sighs Yolo okay so
how's it going to finish the pile I'm
going to crawl out of this window come
down to here and go flying off I don't
know if you guys can tell how big this
pile is but it's actually massive so I'm
about to go try and find the room that I
have to crawl out of my plan is to jump
land in the pile and come sprinting over
but to make the path right now to the
hot tubs I'm going to go sprinting over
I'm really freezing by this point and
then go into the hot tub seems legit bro
this might be a bad thing too because
going to go from freezing to hot which
like causes like burns stuff grade
you're gonna fly a drone in the air
right there okay so we're gonna have a
drone shot of this - all right so I
found the window that I have to throw
out of oh my god it's so little
this is the great thing about this dad I
think it's awesome
whoa this is the window that I sit there
over better using me oh my gosh this
roof is so sweet I'm a roofer I know
this is way slippery than you think
hi guys I'm on the roof look how steep
it is I don't know if you can tell but
it's really steep this is legit you
might be going down now I don't have
anything to hold on to this is so dumb
to go no this is no Dunham oh my god it
doesn't look at stake when you're up
here
oh I don't want to do it again after
thought it was kind of anticlimactic a
little bit still looked really cool but
when you're up there looking down you're
like yo I don't know about this like
this is really dumb
but Jake's Mahler's it's only 10 a.m.
we're out here in Park City Utah still
have a full day of action for you guys
so let's do this there
ha going in the hot tub now whoo it's
snowing good morning guys is it really
hot oh my god it's like snowing and hot
so it's like you don't know what to do
when your body is like really confused
and you ever just you ever just walk out
the door you see someone that you know
and they ask you how you are you just
have to say that you're fine when you're
not really fine but you just can't get
into it because they would never
understand don't drop it like it's hot
drop it like it's hot drop it like all
right guys it's getting hot I think
we're gonna hit the slopes let's go Oh
take polar we are high here at Gd we got
Kane and we got big old jumps here Wow
we got our boards the second day on the
slopes of us get more land let's get the
board and started but before that
today's notifications shout-out goes to
Michael white from Nebraska Thank You
Michael so much for having my
notifications on guys if you want your
notification shout-out turn on my
notification and comment when you're
done headless board bro
Oh
you
alright guys yesterday snowboard edit
was so much better than today's we're a
little bit tired today there's going to
be even more fire one later in the week
because we're getting a lot better so
let's head back to the crib and see
what's poppin bazaars mark is on at like
6:30 at 6:28 right now and look at this
liter Stevie this is what we're dealing
with right now it's like from 1940 they
don't have Disney Channels oh we're
gonna miss the show are we need to find
their TV we need to find a new TV show
there's no TV
and it's looking at the mortgage this
first time everyone no one wants money
it's not my fault
uncle they don't have TVs here in Utah
in a ridiculous yo I need to like wake
up we took a nap I need to wake up yes
please like beat me with these beanbags
please right now yeah yeah yeah it works
I feel awake now so we remember the
house has a movie theater and so we're
trying to figure out how to rig the
movie theater to play bizarro our
problem is is it there's 400 rooms Oh yo
I think we found a TV oh my gosh okay
okay okay we were watching at the wrong
time anyway so the show chance we get to
see it yeah we got this I know will you
watch it right now I knew we could do
this but you to watch it right now we
have on-demand drinking this volume
let's go you guys made it great YouTube
now the show's over fits well guys you
guys did it just the start of your
journey you're gonna be famous
no not on time oh yeah come on stay
humble you're not I'm saying rumor is
you're gonna have me on it they're not
going to have you on bizarre borrowers
No all right Jake Pollard's it is
starting to get late we're going to eat
some food and then probably go too slow
thank you guys so much for watching I'm
going on Instagram right now and liking
you guys's pictures all you have to do
is go to my Instagram at Jake Paul and
I'm going to be double tapping all of
your pictures just follow me like some
of my pictures it'll be like a spam fest
bro and don't forget to turn on my
notifications because it's everyday
Bruce
you
