I'd usual hand I just heard a lot bag
with all knees or what honey don't you
look at what I woke up to this morning
oh my god secure the bag alert oh yeah
great breakfast great breakfast that's
it you guys ready yeah we're pretty
ready Jay are you ready are you ready
ready are you ready I'm always ready
what is a party people we just made it
out here to the mountains got everything
set up you're about to go to the top out
here Clark City Utah for the Sundance
Film Festival Jake Pollard's we're about
to shred some gnar gnar bro bro oh yeah
I'm about to catch some mega air
hopefully I don't break my back or
anything and since it's so cold out I'm
going to need to switch cameras to this
GoPro for that I don't break my hand in
here so camera switch what's up guys we
are now on this camera and this is
pretty much going to be the setup for
the rest of the snowboarding day enough
with the jibber-jabber and flabbergast
er let's do this thing
Oh
look how close I was to dying bro not
like they know I'm coming for you
oh come here tasty
sorry about that Jake Paulus I know that
hurt your face good Center how'd you
land I just heard a loud bang was it all
knees or what I almost died I had way
too much fear yeah ro came in super hot
sergeant Wallace Pitts has been good
today
we're about to head back to the house
and get into some more trouble I will
see you there ha ha ha Jake Pollard's
that was so much fun
Lucas barking did you guys have fun we
had a lot of fun sorry did you have fun
flat we found a couple times but we're
good I think I have a concussion
but they're with me going off the jump I
hit really hard I took ibuprofen so I
definitely think I have a concussion hey
did you have fun we shred it we're going
to try and hit down this big icicle who
you think this is a good position to
film it yeah guys look how big this is
how we kill you look it that's just one
part the main thing is down there oh my
god look at how big that it is my foot
for comparison I can't even move it
three put them in the hot tub that'd be
kind of cool right how we decide right
here know how we decide oh we're not
taking it to that though we've been
mobbin in Big Bertha we're about to
drive into the city to get food because
there's like not that much food here
starving I hear y'all no starvin it is
you don't got food on Mountain so much
about that a million subscribers take
over my vlog guys so we are almost a
million followers I'm super 50 away but
yo Congrats guys
fist bump number when I hit a million is
like a month ago Captain Paul I think
I'm gonna try and find a parking lot and
drift this sucker so we might do that
tell me we've been doing a little bit of
a dollar I'm gonna want when a grocery
store you guys got a dance don't slip
and fall and die just don't Marcus you
have to do one two we can't leave the
store until you do one hold up hold my
jacket yo can you head spin please I
mean we want to go to throw out my James
on like you have to take them yeah that
was good good job Lucas everyone to
subscribe to daria channel for that
nothing goes good job high five big
congrats on a million the jake ballers
love the dobro brothers call this a
store bomb think fast marcus and you
don't catch it flies open oh oh fuck
away back in the chris oh we got some
aguilar going on october yeah ha j
closers we decided not to go to the hot
tub street probably like why aren't you
guys in the hot tub we are just going to
go to sleep instead and wake up extra
early in the morning we want to build
like a giant snow pile next to the house
and jump off of Engl flying into it oh
and you guys thought I forgot about the
notification shop
no kids notification shout out goes to
Mohammed Evans thank you so much
Muhammad for turning on my notifications
guys if you want to be shouted out in
tomorrow's vlog turn on my notifications
right now and comment when you're done
and I will see you tomorrow because come
on guys it's everyday brush
