hey diamond what what they know about
643 a.m. it's way too early right now we
are packing up and getting ready to
leave to go to Utah I've got it Elmen us
is ready 10 hour drive ahead of us we're
going to be snowboarding all week look
at how much trash accumulated in the
past we kept doing gnarly videos you've
watched so much cake bro these NCAA's
video check it out I'm also 20 years old
now hot ones is tomorrow I'm tired oh
you ready you want to get coffee or
something definitely we're all loaded up
into the big ol whip and I got my
chicken poppers we tried to find a place
to get coffee and records and no places
are open let's just go to flip in Utah
bro say if I do I mean even if they're
going back down Barcelona day bye bye
guys all right we're gonna actually eat
on this time stay with us on the drive
and you're a true Jake Palmer because
it's not to be late let's go
ah
I never go get an accident boy they
don't know this Login drive life whip
whip whip whip hey hey chill is in the
back hey good timing
what was it Oh oh my god my bad my bad
yo that's my bad I'm coming off why I
was just trying to chew my homie ah I
don't know what you're welcome wake up
sleepyhead we made it to Vegas halfway
there my pain was so strong now we're
stopping in Vegas to get food Josh ah
got food now he's over here setting up a
drone and we're gonna get a drone shot
of it like following us down the highway
and it should be really cool like an
action movie or something I don't know
check to the drone shot oh
you coming up bring your head I didn't
hear any
oh no that was sick no but on the real
though and then it will seem like the
movies where they hang out of the sides
of the vans and like shoot stuff I'm
trying to do that no really they do oh
right we just made it after 9 hours of
driving look at this place bro there's
so much snow and it's Christmas themed
and I'm loving it alright we're gonna
check out the house that we're staying
at I think it's pretty dull so we're
gonna try and make it up here with it
you got it came you've got it cane I
need a first assessment situation just
floor we just got to this place we're
gonna go up this driveway
finding right now yeah oh my god alright
let's go check out the crib oh that's a
fat icicle I'm gonna eat it so this is
our room it's literally of your tour of
the rest of the house okay okay okay
pimpon pimpon pimpon yo this place got a
movie theaters also the guys is dari I
I'm gonna show you the squad that's
gonna be rolling with us all week gates
here Great Hall that's the squad are you
ready yes yes yes yes yo my OCD making
it so but oh look it just tilted a
little bit no it's um really trying to
eat these icicles and then jump off the
roof into the smell has anyone else down
no just me I'll do it myself because I
got a giant icicle I'm a snag this watch
is all gonna fall oh oh it's so good oh
my god yeah this could literally kill
someone one yo that's how you take out
your ex we found the hot tub I'm going
swimming in this so hard
we're going in the hot tub let's go look
I'm naked
oh wow Wow go it's really burning it's
really running so they said that there's
bears that like walk around here trying
to leave out a piece of steak overnight
as you'd find one to capture it all so
what are the odds that I go roll around
the nest no one ever gonna know oh my
god can be so cold did you got it yeah
I'm actually up to do this make sure you
guys are subscribe always talked about
before you let's do something nice I'm
so cold
forty pound Bernie don't do that bro go
look at my body print looks like a CSI
investigation we are in Utah we had to
drive the whole entire day tomorrow
we're waking up early and hitting the
slopes I'm gonna try and hit like a mega
ramp and hopefully we can bait a bear to
this house before the end of the trip
and today's notification shoutout goes
to Uriah
x21 he's got a gaming channel on thank
you so much your AIA for having my
notifications on guys if you want to be
shouted out tomorrow turn on my
notifications and comment when you're
done also you guys can check out my
second youtube channel if you want more
skits and exclusive content but other
than that I will see you tomorrow
because it's everyday bra
