we're gonna get all of the cake from
like every single store here $48 it's my
birthday today
yeah yes yeah yes so last night we are
at a restaurant right and we were eating
flowers for off the table I don't know
why my dad made me do it and then I walk
outside TMZ interviews me about staying
in the White House crazy today's not to
be late tomorrow is about to be lit the
day after that supposed to be lit it's
everyday bro if you're new here you
don't know this life you don't know
what's going down every day say what's
up pops
Oh callers Jake's birthday which man's
birthday if you know which man's
birthday you are wrong you better wish
me happy birthday in the comment section
and like and subscribe and subscribe to
team ten and subscribe to Jake ball two
and subscribe to Jake Paul biz and
subscribe to Elissa violet and also
subscribe to Tristan tails they even
have a youtube I can plug as much as I
want today because it's my birthday
oh sorry sorry forgot about the Martinez
twins and you have to subscribe to them
too that's all I want that's the only
presence I want for my birthday you guys
don't have to do anything else other
than that and then refresh your memory
subscribe to Jake wall Jay Paul to Jake
pump is Elissa violence just entails
Greg Paul Martinez 2010 that's it so I
gotta do what is this vlog today we're
gonna try and make a giant birthday cake
and I'm going to jump into it and like
just chill in it row I want this cake to
be taller than me like I want this cake
to be up there and I'm just going to go
flying into it just eat it all
afterwards so Tristan here is going to
help me build this cake dad are you
helping me build this my dad's going to
love it blow this case are you helping
$5 do design we got a five you know I
love you favorite I'll just say $4 then
we got $4 but we have no idea like how
we're going to make this cake I think
we're going to get a bunch of mini ones
and stack them up how do we do
No you're supposed to be helping I'm
thinking we just take a bunch of the
cake mix to make I have no idea I save
it we just put frosting on Alisa put a
couple candles on her and blow it out
are you probably fat no no no no nice
merch by the way I mean yes yo that's
the J callers merch available now link
in the description that's all I want for
my birthday and for the subscription
stuff - wait that's it the list is
growing by the second it's been hiding
where they're looking for you see mine
okay - Nick here they got me presents
now - you want to go back it's actually
just one big bag the kids are coming in
it ah what is it what is it yo visit
1996 Mickey Mouse t-shirt that bro
that's baller
that's baller thank you so much gay type
I said did you get me think just what
about you yes let go
not before all protected 2017 and
actually it's been drinking by one of
the more famous snapchatters nice net
yeah that looks really cool I'm not
buying it all right Nick I don't know
what you got me but okay you get I'll
just let you take the floor please ah I
just what you will watching prayer site
oh yeah what does it say we knew it yo
it's a racetrack experience like this is
like good to go on a racetrack it's like
you don't want it no no no I kind of
also want me no I want it bro I can take
my car on a track with this bro I'm
gonna drive on the track while wearing
my Mickey Mouse and drinking my 2017
vintage drink engine yeah and then you
know so sir I did
well sure well what now he what we're
not who you we're not where we're weird
how do we get right there like no no no
we were one where you've got my making
shirt on now enough with the hula Papa
Doc's gonna get bling shenanigans let's
go to the store and build a giant cake
what do you say Jake fellas let's go so
we got all of these sausages so that we
could stack it up and then put cake on
top of it hopefully this works and now
we just need forgot like where and how
to get like 50 cakes to stack it all up
and cannot wait to dive into
we're going to get all of the cake from
like every single store here
it's all gone high-five
yo no I didn't think about it won't
start melting well yeah I know he
doesn't know what I'm saying he doesn't
speak English I know you don't will you
come to our party come on look at this
look at all this cake we got come on
come on yeah you wanna come there's
gonna be guys there no she doesn't want
to come it's fine we'll recruit more
people for the party when you don't have
enough money to buy something so you get
it into the car and then take it back
from the master fine you want that you
want that yeah yeah you got it
say you got it wrinkles yes we're having
a party but it wants to come my birthday
my birthday no okay I didn't know why
I'm building this cake right I'm gonna
dive into it off of the staircase
that is the only reason why I'm
beginning it's so big it so that it's
more cushion hell yeah I'm not gonna die
we're having a party and I'm going to
jump off of the staircase in through the
cake I'm a savage wow this one's really
had an up here every time she scans it
it hurts a little bit built right in
hard right in the wallet
it's all good
so we haven't started building the cake
yet but I think this is where I'm going
to jump off of it from it's pretty high
roll and there's like no padding sulfur
content where did you guys come in this
year see our white girls realize can I
get your Ford GP are no cars another
story supermodels oh behind her I'll win
who is the first ever Victoria's Secret
model we got the base set up let's build
this thing in five four three two
oh my gosh this is amazing we're gonna
light all the candles and I'm gonna jump
okay I'm really gonna hurt myself yeah
yeah because I am here no no no no all
right I'm going to change into some
proper cake jumping attire ah and some
droppers Armel I've got about to save
everybody
Jake Pollard's make sure you stop right
now go down to the subscribe button I
think it's to be there there when you're
watching it and press subscribe because
it's every day bro it's lit like this we
do crazy stuff oh my boy put a Jake in
there and also don't forget about
today's notifications shout out with Joe
to Becca Lam from Ohio
Thank You backup for tuning on my
notification guys if you want a shout
out tomorrow just turn on my
notifications and comment when you're
done here we go guys weather like the
candles oh shoot dope sequins for the
jam bro
go back orgasm imitate that was over
uber let it really actually hurt when I
like landed I like went straight through
this whole entire thing also guys as
some of you may know I drop my car off
at the shop yesterday and the guys at SD
rep you know thought it'd be fun that I
start working on the car right so they
text me like yo bro we got a big
surprise for you I'm going to send you
pictures later like what we did your
 all right I get the picture and
look at what they did to my car look at
what they did to my car oh my god
first of all thank you but they put
treatises on my car I see rap guys you
got me good but on my prank you guys
back so be ready Jay Paul errs I am
going to go pack to go to Utah in the
morning thank you so much for watching
don't forget to subscribe and turn on my
post notifications every part apparently
the Cernan duo Jake Ball fan meetup
thank you guys so much for coming I'm
leaving all of them and also the merch
it just dropped jalisa logic polymers
you can get that you just go in the
description and I will see you tomorrow
morning because it's everyday bra
