last ride on there pull into the garage
and officially hand it over to them sit
they'd stop it babe don't what leave
here yellow good morning Jake polish the
cop its back this time back Oh y'all
back to spin it's also back this time
man I'm kind of wondering is this
painting what actually work is real
money I could I do that to someone who
can get like a bagel huh huh yeah I'm
saying like I feel like we should try
and take this painting off the wall let
me just hear her voice because like
she's hidden under all the take a caller
good morning Oh got a lot on the agenda
or this week tomorrow's my birthday then
we're going to Utah through this
festival thing called Sunday and
snowboarding it's about to be lit
there's celebrities everywhere I might
have to take my Rs in I'm getting it
wrapped exhaust intake all that stuff so
that it can be faster for when I race
Logan bro so let's get pop and breath
about to get a quick workout in and then
I just made the decision that my dad and
I are driving down to San Diego to SD
raps because they're going to pick out
my car look it don't slip bro hey hey so
we're gonna get to see a ton of sick
cars and then we're gonna design and I
customize my car with like wraps and
exhaust and all that stuff I'm excited
I'm about to get Jake Pollard's on it
that'd be look let's get that pump in
because Fitness is the first step to
greatness and I want to be great
lit work out what's up Marcus so going
snowboarding for three days and I have
to be ready my legs has to be ready you
just go there and get tired it's running
the hardest mountains in the world so
that's why I got it these legs all
prepped up also by the time you're
watching this guys it's going to be my
birthday so when you watch it I'll be 20
years old I don't know maybe just
comment and say happy birthday and I'll
reply to some of you guys thank you so
much what's up dad good morning my bro
tomorrow's your birthday
I know gonna be 20 I actually delivered
you true story
not many dad consider you liver dish was
I always this cute yeah you're actually
cute here I'm a savage because I
delivered you and you were savage
because you came out screaming and
kicking yeah and now I'm still screaming
today let me enjoy your loss yeah oh my
god that is mad no I think it's good to
egg they're good for hair this is the
second time we threw them in the pool
you guys want to see that go check out
Jen oh yeah I do date I smell eggs how
you want them scrambled is it my hair
still is it anyone want some eggs j6o
three minutes people three minutes we
are heading to San Diego with the whole
entire squad it was just going to be me
and my dad and everyone decided to come
so it supposed to be so much fun alright
this is my man he's a jig baller he said
yo I want to be in the vlog I said yo
dude do any cool tricks and he can speak
Chinese say what's up what else you got
to mean I'm too mean yeah I don't know
what it means yo we got the whip we got
all the whips out here I should be
driving it they're not going to say hey
go here I want to go over there go this
way this little kid knows how to drive
this right now what am i dad is like ran
away let's get to San Diego
so we're out here we just made it we
basically got here in an hour and a half
is my web game was way too strong and
definitely illegal oh boy
SD raft nice to finally meet you are you
gonna whip this up and do some magic on
it
you're not going to recognize it and
it's gonna be a lot stop oh yo I'm so
ready for this so they're giving us a
tour of like all these woods
all right so we've been talking about it
for like couple minutes now and we kind
of have like a general overview of what
we want it to look like so we're
thinking like black digital camo and
then we're going to get into the lights
like do some of these blue black out the
light we're have Jake Pollard's on it at
Jake Paul in different areas we're gonna
have the team 10 logo through lower
okay so we're lowering it now I guess
and there's also going to be a bunch of
things that won't tell you to like good
surprises fun surprises so they're gonna
have to subscribe to see there's a plug
plug plug we're going to do this are a
slew and then put tally marks on the
side of the car for the amount of cars
that I beat in races and he's going to
give me like ones that I can add on for
every race that I win I'm raising my
brother here's a Dodge Challenger srt8
and we're betting $5,000 I can't let you
go bro we might have to do more to your
car let's go there's just so much custom
stuff that's going to get done to this
Jake Walters shop so it's time to drop
off the bay just me and you for our
flash drive I'm gonna pull into the
garage and officially hand it over to
them I just got it so it's a little hard
to let go I love you you're good
for me I'm officially giving it to you
look at her just a young schoolgirl
who's going to be a woman soon oh look
at to see that it's that versus that for
my brothers race he's going to smoke bro
all right bro I'm heading out you got
the keys keys keys hey just make sure
you send me videos updates yeah I can
throw them into the vlogs to keep the
Jake Paul is updated I thank you guys
yeah killing it's like separation
anxiety you guys I'm so excited to get
the car done oh my god so these are my
boys and I basically found out about
them through Tanner and a fox um you
guys probably know him on YouTube but he
hooked me up with them they're gonna
pimp us out they're gonna pimp us out
and now it's time to mess around in San
Diego with the squad and Emma Dez what
are you wearing one good stuff bro what
we rollin up on this spot look how
beautiful it is that's some booty right
there so the reason why we came here was
to drop off my car but also to photo
shoot the jalisa merch which goes live
tomorrow on my birthday and I also have
some other merch that just went to the
house right now so you guys are going to
see that like in our time it'll be five
hours but in your time it'll be like two
minutes of watching the video all right
let me put this on here oh yeah fire
alarm won't sing there you go Jase not
that's not good you got a doobie - I got
a new bitch that's what's a great fun
mostly suspects gone I saw anymore dog
he got it
yo Alyssa we need you we need you Alyssa
put your March on there she is
work it girl do you want merge guys with
with us link in the description we're
really just you know and your support
Alyssa if you want to look as a happy
you got to get your deal insurance if we
saw not like maybe I should say right
likes out five hundred thousand or
million
yeah no be said idea know already got it
Oh hmm
good job k work it we're good mind away
am I in the way work your breath hey
well I'm sorry
sure I'm just doing my thing we're weird
I'm sorry oh god oh oh okay so we
stopped at this place to hit to fill out
with sandwich we got mine name hmm it's
a funny name Ben Dover what what's your
name lieutenant over here with pool and
vitamin help yeah okay
what is it what is it what is it Oh your
left hand if I'm not gonna be able to
see you till the end
got a funny one my dad's G money is
right they also have a wall where you
can hang stuff up so you know your boys
about to put the chick Paula's on there
that was a delicious sandwich and now
we're at Tristan's house what we're
about to do but it's probably busy oh
wow you shouldn't have Tristan's absence
must be hot Tristan how many views you
push in a day oh look see you're doing
like five mill a day also it's my
birthday in five hours so that's cool
baby poop in it yeah you don't some
night huh I'm so down to play night
tennis are you good all right so you
never you played tennis how do you thing
for the motion okay just like he races
and got smoked yesterday you got anybody
walking walking walking don't stop
walking and there's a trampoline what
this tremblings built into the ground
okay whoo
this house is so literate and bro I'll
play tennis here so hard right now
can I add two tennis court and a
trampoline built into the ground they're
built into the ground a cultural whore
mommy's gonna make it like seven million
years old Roman Atwood everyone stand on
the edge and with your iPhone's and
light up the course come on yo yo this
is actually work team what is this
Alyssa really for time it's nice now
story is this is Louie thing is this is
about four years from us exactly how
it's gonna be
Oh No yeah no he's got like pili
bindings around who he's doing PewDiePie
numbers bro my god we should trying to
hack into his account bro if we could
post one video another we can't we live
for a long neck as make sure you
subscribe so I can have two pools when
I'm older new car reveal Oh Jim cannon
so out here in San Diego right now just
looking it up so fat repealing the golf
cart no oh my god no where are we going
is this illegal yep way to go ah what is
happening bro yo yo Oh God yo yo like a
box oh my god no let's uh fine no you're
not gonna be able to try this we're
gonna crash you're in a gorilla suit
what is life I'm not slowing down
fuck off I got it just
chillin with my homies that we bout to
get me mob or this coming then you know
i'ma hit myself in the face where you
with me I'm the best in the race total
race rabbit right oh yeah y'all
in close not a joke I take this so
serious and I'm losing to this cat did
you do that hey stop bro
don't fight him bro bro bro bro bro bro
yo bro I'm fine okay
I'm fine we're driving back to Los
Angeles with the crew my birthday is in
three hours yeah I think we're gonna get
food first so stay tuned guys because
about to do some cool stuff remember at
the half so we just got back to lost
angle wha and yo what is this no oh my
gosh Jake oh also I just found out that
these are gonna be available like by the
time you're watching it through this
well this will be available a lot of
time you're watching this video the
links will be in the description a
portion of the proceeds goes to good
causes so I can gather check it out bro
Jake Pollan I'm living it aware this all
the time I think it comes in other
colors you go to the description and
check it out whoa no I was going to end
the vlog instead overweight
how long until my birthday 29 minutes
until my birthday so I'm just going to
wait until my birthday happens to be
with you guys so I'll be right back it's
almost my birthday seven minutes until
everything yo Cody it's almost our
birthday bro aren't you a little bit
nervous yeah it's alright I swear it's
like we got this work you look good I
look good oh I don't know what can
happen I wrote expect I'll just I'm just
going to 20 wrote a little girl we got
this we look 11:59 it's one minute until
my birthday oh we're going off to look
at the markets live a good thing you got
you got
thank you my good when you do realize yo
yes ready to go snowboarding yeah you
I'm still ready happy birthday dance
verde go do everything my ass it's my
birthday though tomorrow it's a paucity
awesome big haulers make sure you
subscribe to see my birthday video yo yo
shut up don't forget about this more
emerging tomorrow be ready yes I'm so
alright oh hey guys I will see you
tomorrow
because hits everyday
