I'm a race B's come on braces k.michelle
Holloman being the dirt okay four three
two one
that's how you wake up King who the
bizarre bark set today were filming some
like commercial promotion images for
Disney jake colors it's such a beautiful
day still can't believe yesterday that
like all of my friends saw a surprise
birthday party for me without me having
a single idea like honestly I was so so
so shocked yeah I love driving this
thing I love it a little bit how to
drive while logging no log and drive
kids unless you know you're Jake baller
and are a professional blogger and a
professional drivers let's see what's
popping at set a little bit late so I
think they're mad at me it's fine
remember--the day today so that makes
you guys me getting late I gotta get
dressed go to hair makeup and start
shooting
Jake Pollard's I got changed I went
through hair and makeup I'm afraid to
show you my hair supposed to look like
James Bond today apparently I'm acting
like I'm saving people also watch this
nailed it
also guys you're probably like yo Jake
like what are you doing where are you
what is this room and so yeah I can
explain first I'll give you a room tour
this is my room
this is basically where I'm going to be
spending like so much time when we're
shooting the second season Bay's
aardvark for a Disney Channel they give
you like your own room so I have toys
the TV thing I'm going to be making vlog
and it's here but some pictures I got my
own back room
oh why is it why is it yellow Oh bye
y'all just go cuz ya'll gone everyone's
going to die I don't know what that
yellow thing is that turns the camera
yellow I'm creeped out but you guys are
probably going to see like so much dumb
stuff happen in this room because like
I'm gonna be spending so much time here
see like it looks like a
a storm like I mustn't marry someone
does a James Bond I don't know I don't
know my god we don't know anything
yeah yeah we gotta I'm behind the roof
this is sick
oh my god it's a dead bird actually you
know what just do it yeah just jump yeah
you should be fine it's not that far go
for it
let's go for kids you know I hate my
hair right now I look really weird oh my
god
I've been driving back for 40 years and
I've never seen someone so reckless Oh
God let's go oh grandma still knows how
to drive a stick shift that's right even
out I tried to FaceTime her yesterday
well over I was literally flying next to
your apartment yeah why didn't you
answer bro you could have how did a
movie what is this what are you supposed
to be I'm a cop a short cut really short
cop look at yourself
God you look at it I do look pretty dumb
what is that what is it
look at these childhood cops what is
this mustache I must ask you a question
it's going on set every day how are you
gonna make vlogs when you're on set
every day I don't think about that one
just go over to Logan Paul Channel no I
just employ you guys to make good
content with me I mean you're like a
million subscribers and like hang on to
something four million subscribers in
one month Jake callers don't play around
what slogan yeah okay so who's better
Logan or Jake Palmer's o'clock you want
to you want to get out of it huh that's
one thing going to be locked up all day
extinction all right I'm gonna let them
go let them go I think they're calling
me I'm gonna have to go act cuz I'm an
actor yo are you getting something no I
knew
are you getting something I didn't buy
anyone really sat there for like five
minutes
I didn't realize that none of us were
getting anything circuitry Mike Mike I
will figure out the dick powers and what
is today's vlog like I don't know
everything after the party we don't
really know to do with our lives so
we're just living
Jabari I live like a whole day this
morning yeah but I don't know now we're
just kind of chillin come on french
fries hot dogs I don't know how my
favorite is living I mean no free brand
deals but we're gonna visit house those
are free bread oh my god out eating out
rock you buy you know that's a really
big brand name this into an anti brand
deal yo this place sucks and it's my
only place that we can go to close about
funny thanks guys found a jig baller
yeah you want you want to be in it they
wassup fun what's the name of the squad
Jay Paul is a highbrow by that's my boy
Devore could we talk about I had a
surprise birthday party like last night
which was like also this morning and the
entire know you didn't know you did it
what are those raindrops drop top this
is many movies wrong apartment
oh my god Hubert yo we're so bored right
now go to their food yes
I'm Vonnie ensues we're going to get
food George Isabella's I put this case
in equality Ocasek want how many
different ways can you say quesadilla
quesadilla Ella's quesadillas vanilla
DeLillo's made it home it's like three
o'clock and everyone is still sleeping
from the party ah good morning that's
off those look uh very advertising it's
like 3:00 p.m. my cake it looks so good
how is your first American party ah
well I don't so this is Ethan he's a
Disney star he's like well I really
really close friends I look yeah where
you going
I let's go national is not Rosa Rosa is
it sick
excellent
ravishing we're not doing anything so
we're going to cause so much trouble
with these vlogs on set like it's
actually ridiculous so as I was saying
before he's a wannabe youtuber you don't
even need to you too bro you're a Disney
star man this is also Devore you've been
in the vlog day even in the bar business
Cameron clear this place know what you
are you're like the modern-day
Tyler Lautner Taylor lives what Taylor
Lautner
mom why on the right set mom look at
this thing Lucas the mark is our famous
they make musically yo we got fried oh
hi guys they like got out of line from
getting food to take a picture with us I
respect that so much because I love food
shuffle my boys on house arrest
my boys okay you know what did you do
now we're just playing it's just the
microphone cuz we're actors bro what
about the jog because you got to want it
and I want it look people we got to do
this we got to do this are you gonna be
number one are you gonna be numb I'm
talking are you gonna be number one
that's my boy Holden people it's all
determination put your fingers are up
dream I can feel the vibration
double up a cutie pie is outfit here we
fly that cutie pie is good yeah
cutie pie is number one but we saw
wicked another one every
one no Tanjung haulers are number one no
I'm mission motivator
look at all associated Lima all I'm
saying is I'm going to the 2020 Olympics
let's go you gotta want it
anything in life is possible but you
gotta want it let's go Spanish twins
boomers please that's your brother yeah
are they fans
sure what's going on here they don't
know what she's doing
hi good job good morning good morning
but good afternoon I guess one last man
yes I partied oh you didn't know about
yeah I'm still in shock
look they just told me I'm done on set
so I get to go home early do I get to go
do stuff I guess so they had to
duct-tape my microphone to my chest and
my pairs of it a little bit oh okay okay
three two
what oh hey I got it actually oh I guess
I'm going to change so much better to
listen emerge on let's talk about it
that's going to drop guys in like two
days so be ready for it but before I go
almost like me some more food and I once
a week I sign my boy I do that every
week by divorce I love you think bro I
love you too static even Miata jump oh
that's really what I was gonna
bison fibers aardvark how fast are you
are you the fastest kids in Barcelona
I'm gonna race these more races can show
them how Olympians do it yellow three
three two one go
Wow yes let's go
they don't know Barcelona needs to breed
some more athletes on who stick work
outside to get in the hot tub you know
so hot you ready oh haha
Jake's Pollard's today has been an
awesome day thank you so much for
watching today's notification shoutout
goes to my girl from Indiana Rebecca
white Thank You Rebecca for having my
notification on guys if you want to
shout out subscribe then turn on my
notifications and comment when you're
done for a chance to be shout out in
tomorrow's vlog baby
Thank You Martinez twins and I'm going
to be going on Instagram right now and
liking people's pictures back
so go on my Instagram at Jake Paul
follow me like my pictures and I'm going
to be liking your guys's back I will see
you tomorrow because it's everyday bro
