what come on stairs hey is there a
surprise prize number two Jake you guys
have surprises yes morning Jake fathers
what Scootie for real bad what's good
Chi and good morning to anybody else who
isn't a Jake polish the YouTube
community welcome to the most lit
channel on the platform period I'm Jake
wall you guys are the Jake colors in
this is the team ten house
Hey that is the squad hashtag team ten
baby welcome to our lives guys you just
became a part of today's journey put
your vlog belts on buckle up because
like I said it's the most lit channel on
YouTube fact you literally never know
what's gonna happen on this channel one
minute I'll be standing here and then
the next minute
and then the next minute I'll be riding
the flippin dirtbike we're doing great
thanks Erica that's my fake wife Erica
however guys put your vlog belts on like
I said I don't think y'all are ready for
today's journey and there's a couple
reasons why first of all guys my
birthday is in two days I'm turning 21
in two days one I wanted my birthday to
be a birth week because one day this
isn't good enough
second of all we're going to I'm talking
snowmobiles I'm talking snowboarding I'm
talking watches I'm talking cars I'm
talking private jets
I'm talking giant mansions yeah we might
have gotten a giant mansion guys it's
our new vacation house I'm talking about
spending time with my mom my dad and the
whole entire squad team ten and speaking
of team ten guys they heard he got me
some gifts my boy Chad got me literally
I'm wearing this for the rest of day I'm
ready for Aspen baby oh she gets me the
joke this gift I probably ever gotten
honestly
oh it's a giant blanket made out of
Martin Scott it's literally a blanket
this is like one giant piece of
merchandise guys wearing every single
piece of merchandise that has ever come
out Thank You Erica and the match the
Gucci goggles Nick Crompton gets me
these red Gucci shoes say what Bob stay
grow up sick screw you for riding the
line England is my city
yo yo these are hard
yo goodies you he's bad bottoms does
however guys the squad is here say we're
just one big old chachi dysfunctional
family but guys my goal for this week I
need all of your guys's help is to have
the dopest 21st birthday ever happened
period anybody who can do it
I think is this good right that's right
hey guys did everyone remember their
21st birthday Jake on it sweatshirt guys
this is coming out in like two days be
ready say goodbye to the team ten house
because team ten is about to take
Oh ready bro Ross are you ready dude the
house that we're staying there
legitimately click faded us the reason
why we've got this house in particular
is because I was like scrolling through
all the houses
this one's title wasn't all caps like
YouTube like my YouTube videos and it
said the most luxurious house in Aspen
15,000 square feet actually mention
point exclamation point exclamation
point bro these people know what they're
doing cuz they click made it B so the
house is good it's the most luxurious
house and ask literally their clickbait
was better than mine like watching Jarek
is over look at that bro
like they got better thumbnails and
titles than us yo if you guys remember
Ross we try to find him a date like a
while ago but Ross's yo you're becoming
like a character in the vlogs bro
speaking of fighting people dates we
actually still need to get Nathan a date
bro
well everyone okay I sent poems all the
time for you I have been yeah very a lot
has been said a lot more like we talked
about yesterday
you could just date Erica's videographer
Kelly and then you guys could be Nellie
I don't know though she's kind of into
Justin's videographer and then they'd be
jelly she's into Justin's video I mean
they kind of flirt sometimes here first
guys it's the T oh my gosh wait doesn't
he ever Oh first jmz exclusive basically
Justin y'all know Justin his
videographer Joe has a girlfriend named
I don't know let's say I'm married has a
girlfriend and he is currently flirting
with Erica just like just like Jericho's
fake yeah
I'm preparing myself for more drama to
happen on this trip I'm preparing myself
for a madness I'm preparing myself for
sickness legitimately I'm prepared I got
my tissues right here baby you know what
I'm saying
I'm preparing myself to still type on
this lightsaber screen but guys I made a
rule because it's my first week so the
rule is that I am allowed to be more
savage there are any more sexy more sexy
more busy rule number four if basically
I could do whatever I want I'm saying
like if I want to open this door right
now you I go rolling down under the
highway then I can do that you can do
whatever you want after you step out of
this car okay literally I'm gonna do
whatever I want
bro step one get a private jet step two
if I want to kick something
step3 if I see something I like I'm
going to buy it no matter what the price
which leads me to my next point uh yo
who got me who bought me this cake I did
I did which which one of you was it
because it wasn't both okay but like for
example if I want to take this cake and
hit Erica in the face with it I'm gonna
do it
before we leave we gotta get those sexy
Instagram pictures let's go baby
ready the last time we were on a private
jet
everything went completely smooth it was
quiet it was now I want to replicate
that again here today thank you
everybody
one two three four five six listen this
21-7 is about to be 21 Wow any chance do
you charge 21 we're gonna take that
answer this question and live every day
like it's our last
the link will still be in the everyday
baby but guys we get off the jet and we
have these cars waiting for us mom
Krista is here and yo you've been to the
house is it big Greg like Greg Paul my
dad is here the Greg Paul yo that's how
you know it's gonna turn into a
situation good I honestly had no idea is
that supposed to be a surprise
good morning grandpa this everyday bro
with that Disney Channel flow but where
are you
I spent four years worried they would
see the Gregg palm yo bro I didn't even
know you were coming I didn't know you
were coming
well that's how you were born it's my
21st birthday win hey Ron let's go so we
got great Paul and apparently didn't
know that it was my birthday oh you're
my dad
hashtag it's what yeah baby but guys we
were about to pull up to this house I'm
excited to see it it's gonna be the new
team dead vacation house for like a week
Wow so yeah the getaway how we let it
get away
settle a leak in our ice please don't
wait till it's too late
yeah we just got here
this place is giant cuz and the fight
for the rooms begins
oh yeah Jake come upstairs
what come on seriously is there a
surprise a five-member team Jake you
guys have surprises yeah do you guys
wouldn't you didn't have to get me
something just know you couldn't get to
a piece so we brought it to you
what are you guys talking bro
what is this know what the middle box
Erica myself manager Kevin and in KS FB
wait am i buy these watches are you guys
getting you're getting that oh my gosh
you like you guys you see the shiny
ignitions no all right Jake watch it may
see what's going on is I wanted to buy
myself a watch for my birthday I have to
here to decide between we'll get to that
in a second what I didn't know that this
was happening
oh no you did not you did not everybody
a watch what you all didn't buy me it
could just be a box dude don't get you I
know I got to AP's know manager keV
Krista Matt Siegal bat
Gary Mark whoever helped thank you guys
if you don't know what these watches are
these are like real watches like Rolexes
are like cool like it's like what the
second place people get hence Logan
these are the best watches of the game
100 days cost one is 45 and one is 55
I'm freaking out
they bought me this one for my birthday
I'm deciding which one of these two by
myself
doper white chaser black King the white
goes with the black it's like counters
so I think you can wear silver and gold
if you wear that watch
yeah dude the rose gold heart is that
old as everyone saying rose gold so I
got the classy one you know what I'm
trying to be classy and I got the
diamond one when I try to stand on it
the golden is yeah bro gold 1 take
balling I'm freaking out right now
this birthday like I think we're already
off til the most lit 21st birthday look
at the bottom that's not movement they
like moves bro look at the bottom oh my
god that's two Glee for me but bro I
know but your bling onions come on the
Chinese great Paul this should have
diamonds in it
step your game up this is like a hundred
thousand dollar decision guys I'll just
get this off throw your fake plexi he's
fake flexing caught our tail if he puts
it on his IG story don't believe him
it's not his go
Hey roll is hard
we made the Jaypee birthday sweatshirt
so that y'all could flex with me like
buh buh these are gonna be available in
like 24 hours be ready you got me a
birthday present I got your birthday
oh wow Kyler say you bro those are dope
these are like heaven you need those for
this trip yeah I need them they're like
Mountain Adidas shoes I think I'm going
with the gold I'm going with the gold
baby match the hair gosh that Goldilocks
I who wants this watch
all right here yo I'm flexing cause
y'all I'm flexing both of those guys I'm
flexing both of them sorry like if you
get to AP's in the same day you wear
them both at the same time it's my
birthday I'm gonna do what I want
Rose go AP summer summer's over so I
don't know what song it is not forget
it's always 21 Nathan bro
let's not take are you okay I don't know
Jake Father's Day I'm sorry this is that
you have to be here but like seriously
I'm like emotional right now because the
Marlin like work I put in on a
day-to-day basis and like the friends
and family and the hard times we've gone
through and like the ups and downs and
like it just means the world that like
my my friends team ten Kevin Gary Matt
all you guys behind the scenes Krista
are able to get this specifically like
they gifted me this guy's like about to
be 21 years old this is absolutely
insane it just goes to show that if you
guys at home keep good friends around
you and work hard you're all gonna be
successful and all rise to the top and
then you're gonna be able to buy
yourself a diamond ap2 cus is it bougie
that I'm wearing both Oh Nathan no no
your links it goes you know what I want
to do what watch
remember kids if you're not first you're
last it's my birthday yeah hey guys so I
missed it Paul's birthday and here's a
very nice spot for Disney so he got
three of these watches for his birthday
so I decided that I was gonna take one
of these Disney watches put it in here
and then Nathan was gonna say women we
got one more gift for you Jake he's
about to be really upset
hey Paul I got one more gift there's one
more surprise
dollars in this Jake there's one more
man don't cry bro why you guys don't
need to give me a no because we honestly
our lives have changed this whole year
because you know no you don't get I
literally spent everything I have ever
you think I have to give you this no
token bro you're lying a joking I'm not
joking bro
really got these forms cop yourself some
of the hottest march in the game baby
these are dropping January 17th on my
birthday I'm legit so sick right now
guys they're gonna see more madness
tomorrow hopefully I feel better chase
your dreams become a vlogger go to
influence calm right now guys learn how
to do YouTube
get it while you can yeah what's up Jake
Pollard's listen guys I want to be able
to give you guys exclusive updates on
merchandise news things I have going on
in my life if you guys want to be able
to communicate with me text me talk to
me do with all of these amazing things
then go to hexed Jake Paul me text Jake
Paul calm which is gonna give you guys
exclusive discounts exclusive March
exclusive text message it's literally
that's easy so go to text Jake Paul calm
right now and we're gonna be chatty
Deb's everyday bro make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 Chuck see you guys
tomorrow
oops
