good morning
g10 house wait wait wait you look the
same as your brother right now um me leo
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's oh no I got
it wrong Oh Yvonne wait
yeah Emilio I turned out the music so
that we think you copyright you man I
love my job
no don't bully me you are you ready for
our date later
nothing boyfriend no problem just AJ
what yo did you sleep your last night yo
was it comfy that's the move also I like
your shirt bro represent fist bump how
do you say good morning to the Jake
parlors in Spanish whenever the object
fathers good good morning Lucas how are
you
that's not healthy to be eating it this
early yeah instead of eating only five I
have a call for you don't replay on that
stuff falling and however mom I don't
recall ever call yo I'm so excited for
date later no I'm kind of date it's a
date it's a date
don't lie don't lie it's a date it's not
a gay it's a date who's going I'm on and
who else
the photographer and who else the fire I
know well you sit today yo all right my
boy Donny is here I must introduce you
guys to him Joe Danny hi everybody
Jake ballers give it up for Donny read
it follow hey it's my boy Johnny ah yes
yes don't know who
everyone else is done his but if you
don't know who died is is basically
Instagram famous your rapper is
basically just an all-around savage and
if you guys gonna make it I'm going to
read to you bro big claws are blowing up
right now I'm done
it's been a while girl what you been up
to ah you know just hanging out with the
ladies hit the back lift what boys done
you might steal your girl okay I'm going
to steal the girl not like no my boy
Danny is going to steal your girl oh
yeah oh yeah oh oh well I feel like you
need to be in more blogs like you're
absolutely crushing it right now yes
yeah I'm done but I might be going to
divide part of my doing in our friends
oh I don't know we'll see going to -
Bonnie please be doing Internet ah you
know just kickin it all right Donnie so
what you trying to do today bro huh
means we honestly Charlie dancin on
Instagram but you doesn't want to throw
it out in person so I say we have to
dance their trail I'm a dancer huh no
don't look into market your home is a
setup
oh good yo yo get the markets don't ever
take l's a dance battle now we go now
I'm a smokey peasant come on yo we can
take up big Paula's never lose us to it
all right Jake Walters we are so out
here right now
uh should we just go for a you're just
gonna go with this guy go with a foot
Donnie is down too but just touch the
music led to it
I came up with a problem
my mom is gonna be the best and sleep
normal Roxanne pay me in advance
my time is wetter than a pen you're
cooking with l'occitane I'm here more
enemies every day I know I'm in the
right direction
no nigga yo yo we killed that where's
Donny go Donny think we lost Donny no
I'm gonna go try and find them yo but I
think Marcus one yeah honestly Donny one
missing guy you're gonna do it in my mom
or dad in this dammit i'ma find Donny
Donny died all right so we found Donnie
Donnie come on bro yeah yeah I think he
thought he lost but he won right oh and
about yo Donny thank you so much for
being in the vlog bro the palmview
everyone give it up for Donna follow me
oh my god no Jake Paul is that's right
um we have to go we're going to go do
some more vlog stuff but Donny thank you
so much for coming I know you go to
Dubai so maybe I'll see you next week
yeah yeah it's not a fun thank you for
being what a day large thank you it was
so much fun hanging out with Donna that
boy now I'm going to film a video with
Yan and Emilio they want me to whip
cream them in the face here's our crazy
are we doing the video in Spanish you're
English
we also have hat yeah
you know these kids amount of time on
display I'm about to just show you their
faces after I pie them as you add them
to the video it'll be in the description
down here I just went to the description
it's great no I'm not going to lie
these kids are out of control like like
I stayed overnight in the white house
and I guess I was cool but yo these kids
broke they need to be in prison bro
they're gonna kill someone
oh my dog alright so taking my dad
shopping because he were in Los Angeles
look at this beautiful weather and he is
just dressed like in Ohio and still with
just fine you know this is LA so I'm
going to take him to like the cool shops
I'm going to hook him up with some real
swagger and you let bro you're gonna get
all the LA girls now gimme so we weren't
allowed to report in there but we got my
dad's and stuff so we're gonna show it
to you guys later
yo I hate to be made I hate to be
negative but people are so dumb people
are so dumb like and I'm here to educate
you guys like I don't know if you're
younger than me or older than me but we
can learn from each other people aren't
dumb I'm in this parking lot and this
girl just back straight up into my car
brand new car less than 200 miles on it
like like how I feel like there should
be a test every year where people have
to renew their license to see if they're
like capable of still being able to
drive and the damage isn't bad like you
can barely even see it like this little
mark here the light is broken and that's
it but like yo ah it's not even worth
like getting her chin surance to pay for
it
people are so dumb like if you can't
drive and you're watching this please
don't ruin other people's days this
woman couldn't even see over the
steering wheel that's crazy like don't
drive don't stay home you're gonna be
like okay my car is one thing but like
let's take it to the next level like
when she has a drink with her husband at
the local spaghetti bar on a Saturday
night and she's tipsy from the one drink
and then someone's crossing the road she
can't even see them and kills them don't
drive if you're dumb
honestly mmm-hmm like you have a newborn
baby in there someone just steps on
their face got some grub let me feel a
little better
April pain away bicycle on this date
with Alyssa I don't think it's a day I
don't know we're just friends whatever
but gonna do a zero to sixty my first
ever zero to six you guys film me okay
we got you you're going straight are you
curve turning
well it's that I'm still getting used to
driving stick but I think it was pretty
fast
back at the scenes in a headquarters
let's all on this day we're stopped to
tie I need it for the thumbnail thank
you thank you hi to first here Alissa's
first time in my car and also our first
day makes you're mad but jalisa is real
like we're coming out with our own merch
you know it's like kind of realism sup
Lissa what's up you look good in my car
just me and you no-one else yes does I
also have you ever seen today what
don't tell your camera speakers I'm
right here oh stop
put it away no put it away put it away
put your vegan stuff away
put your model juice away thank you
little squirrel I'm on to you
no please you're gonna spill it you know
you can't eat in new cars so I already
hit my car today
why yeah I know old lady I get really I
heard what yeah you can't even tell but
I still hate her yeah put your foot away
God what is that is that a vegan extra
vegan lettuce wrap for what on this map
is very fluffy
I don't want them protein only Tokyo
2020 400 meter 42 seconds my time so
basically were just going up in a
helicopter and like looking over the
city this is my do is y'all what's up
this is my dears look it I'm making
friends yo yo
say what's up to the Jake Pollard's I
need to do the crip sign I think he did
the crip sign by the way juggling
it's a fast car go okay we're gonna go
oh we gonna act natural cop cop cop mmm
they're coming they're coming
act natural act natural hey yeah Chris
doing crisping texting yeah again oh the
drag race - I gotta get on a new gun
hey Rebecca eyes the 50 caliber he kind
of went in yeah so is it too early on
the house purchase in the day
nope
oh my gosh no way this is we're talking
way too much let's go on the helicopter
alright so we're out here on the tarmac
let me show epic I might not be able to
talk during it because of how fast we
going in the wind and stuff but we'll do
it oh my gosh
that's a good day we kissed it'd be a
date hey George
my man that you so much your date is up
there okay third third time I'm jumping
out into the water look over body of
water a leg or go I was training to be a
Navy SEAL so um I'm ready yeah so next
time jumping out into the ocean like
having food because it's lit like this
every single day and a mother's jump
onto the helicopter next time also I
challenge the Jake ballers right now
100,000 likes you won't do it you won't
stomach right now
go down to the like button and hitting
who miss BAE
oh my god gotta know the gosh yes the
gosh hey Alyssa so I just to say thank
you for that that birth dozen birthday
right knee right thank you so much all
right so I'll enter with the
notifications thing it it which is if
you guys turn on my notifications you
could be shot it out in next week's
videos to turn them on and comment when
you're done today's notification
shout-out goes to Maria Rock oh thank
you guys so much for watching and I will
see you tomorrow because she knows you
know this one - yeah
yeah
we got the mannequin again
yo I read my blog and I was ill work on
some stuff and I come home and there's
400 people on my house for my birthday
they surprised me know did you know this
is happening
Oh what is it what is this with this
this is a tattoo tattoo artist I'm get
it you're making me get it tattooed even
if it's just like this is whose idea was
it is actually mine no way
yeah like this using credit no actually
what happened so cool dude what happens
on the dick Pollard reach out to me
you're like let's have a party for
decadence all right contacted Erica it
being handled it
yo Oh bro this is so successful it was
really successful my brother's really
smart and I sucked off you know
nobody like my baby
why do I need your face I'm gonna have a
report law yeah for their to wrong road
Erica hi I'll be set this up Mike thank
you for having such as a videographer yo
all my friends are here I have four
friends so it's a all for my lunch it's
like too much so they got me a cake it's
digging digging if anything I'm gonna
tired that's good yo thank you guys high
five yo that thanks for coming out bro
happy birthday it's a Disney ball Amanda
thank you the why of it
oh my god oh my god slick they come down
catch up you know what you trying to say
I'm hopeful though then you're older
I messed that one up on Joe Joe did you
know about this the whole time
helicopter oh my god
I got Duke throw target all my friends
are out there I'm mother sir
editing this I think put Jake ball our
city's been listed at I will see
tomorrow because it's everyday bra I
know we've already done that twice today
but I didn't know there was going to be
a huge surprise party I thought I was
going to go to sleep I have to be up at
6:00 a.m. tomorrow so be there
you
