getting this day started with an
espresso because I'm a liberal and today
is about to be crazy you don't even know
what's about to happen
ah I feel that Jake polish well it's the
way to get your morning started 22 in 1
come on in - in - come on in dad good
morning - more high five good morning
guys but today we are about to turn our
house into a trampoline park indoors as
we go buy another trampoline put it
together bring the trampolines inside
and then we're going to like move
everything over put the trampolines
everywhere and then be jumping in the
house not to be so much fun in the
meantime my dad yesterday got his
pictures like professionally taken by my
friend Mac my dad didn't really want to
do it he just has never gotten his
pictures professionally taken he's going
to put him on his match.com profile to
get all the ladies if anyone's watching
out there if you think my dad is cute
just hit him up at Gregg fall 63 on
Instagram because he's about to have the
most lit pictures and the most lint
match calm profile check out these pics
yo yo look at these my dad's just done
look at this now Kelly's chilling around
with the team 10 logo and everything so
you're about to have the best match back
on profile that we are also gonna take
them to the store this weekend probably
and get them some Easy's and mini jeans
and I'm never working you know you have
to not man no no this is La you have to
my dad's in there like talking to those
two girls I mustn't smash this drum then
we're going to go to the store and get
the materials to build an indoor
trampoline park let's go so we're going
to put our big trampoline here and move
this couch and then we're going to go to
the store right now and get a little
trampoline for exists area we have to
find a way to fit this through these
doors it's about to be dizzy let's do it
yeah we out here 12-foot trampoline
butter carpet your twins
can you carry it for me here carry ah
hold ya like carrot grab you got it you
got it let's go young strong and usual
huh yo what it's heavy right I just put
it in the cart you got it yeah yeah guys
guys I can't see anything you see
anything the new style in Los Angeles
lamps heads the last time we got a
trampoline from the store we tried to
put it up this thing and it completely
failed as well we tried to get it up
there so what do you think we should do
we're really sorry we're going to try
and move it out of the way we're just
Viners with a dream it's like giving
birth so this time we're going to use
the elevator let's go so how about this
weather you know ok
that's my boy glove boy like he knows
American music they make you laugh so
hard load it on up also that's my
brother over there on that billboard and
let's keep on getting it son anyone down
to a ditch
laughing a lot megabucks get like
flipping set this up bro this must be so
much fun here we go here we go
so we finished building this first one
got the yoga mats under the leg so we
don't ruin the wood floors this is
turning into a awesome project we have
the big one to put over here so do the
first jump on here oh yeah your collar
up in the top stuff and you either let
me go your jump on that one dude Oh
already
we're going to jump off of this one into
the pool in for cheek color this has to
be one of the most ridiculous things
that we've done on this channel everyone
high five
we are going to add some final touches
to make it even cooler and then we're
going to jump and have like madness in
here it's not to belittle it in five
four three two
how illusion Maya economy
take rollers oh my god that was so much
fun but now it's time for the grand
finale I'm going to come running from
over there jump onto this trampoline
jump onto this trampoline jump onto this
trampoline in to the pool this
trampoline is just like a super ratchet
also guys I know this video can get
100,000 likes so for us building all
this stuff and effort hit the like
button right now stop what you're doing
scroll down hit the like button thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget to subscribe as well and if you
turn on my notifications I'm going to
give you people shoutouts every single
day today's shout-out goes through Sean
that he'll read off from Atlanta that's
my girl Thank You shantel for having my
notifications on guys you could get
shouted out tomorrow all you gots to do
is put on an application the comment
when you're done so for this shot Kay's
going to put a drone up in the air he'll
try and fly it in the house I don't know
how well this is going to work I'm going
to put a camera on my head that's
waterproof so when I go find in the
water used to go all the way in with me
hey twin did I ever do stuff like this
in Barcelona no no never know a little
bit different
No hey now that we're doing this I feel
like it's a dumb idea but if it is if we
get the shot of this in the house
trampolines everything like legendary
you guys kill the Spanish twins you got
a kid you got it bro
traveling's in our house drones flying
teddy bears I'm going to jump into the
pool it's everyday bra stop it yeah yeah
he did it he did it he did it
yeah no let's see what it looks like
just in the clip okay what are you doing
okay okay what do you do figured I push
the limits yeah
no no oh my god he's mastered it's time
for the grand finale I'm gonna go flying
from that is out of there into the pool
this one is for team ten I'm repping the
I'm repping the team ten merch for this
one gonna get wet but you guys want to
buy some art it's in the description
baby let's go sorry Christian mine no
you can't leave
oh I did it
hi there Oh righty I changed Jake
Pollard's that was an awesome day for us
make sure you guys are subscribed to see
us every day thank you guys so much for
helping I'm going to leave their YouTube
description channel thingamajiggy in the
description oh thank you so much Robin
AJ thank you so much for helping kids
thank you so much for helping
subscrib adult meal Channel now I will
see you tomorrow because it's everyday
bra push
