Secret Service here there's five guys
outside black suits two SUVs and they're
not playing it's going to be how do
anything huh no you got this you got
this huh today is the day where I
confront the Secret Service I said
they're coming tonight
talk to me yell at me welcome to my life
if you're new here my name is Jake Paul
and it's lit everyday breath as I said
earlier I have to talk to the Secret
Service tonight I don't know about what
but they just want to like interview me
ask me questions and I'm nervous I'm
really nervous but in the meantime
what's up twins
hey good morning dad yo what's up Jackie
I gotta let beanie it's right there
things what chicks dig this thing oh my
dad's a savage
you know one secret service here there's
five guys outside black suits two SUVs
and they're not playing so they want to
fuck you now they're supposed to come
tonight I thought so two minutes and you
said you're here not the saw so I'm on
your blog didn't I can wait okay if I
actually go to jail bro you have to vlog
for me they're not good again
yeah this is the moment scooby-doo
anything huh
no you got this you got this yeah Jake
ball yeah hi
Danielson service that's okay oh we need
to speak for you minutes we're poor
loser so I think it's it's a brunette
when we bring inside second yeah Vince
about right now you guys see it I don't
like you walking around with the camera
down put the camera down
camera down really no feeling at all
yeah well I'm sure you guys can't first
of all you guys can't cause it's going
on okay all right so let's just let's
Julius for a minute basically I
I just read on YouTube here over
challenges you should try and like stay
overnight in different places so I
thought it'd be really maybe ones
research about and I had anywhere else I
wanna like the overnight White House
right let's keep the national so yeah
well are you just happy Jake if you want
me to stop this John Lewis dude get in
the car turtle is in the visual double
window
get in the car get in the car
oh my god I'm shaking right now
my brother Frank me bro
you hired these guys y'all know how
expensive this was this whole video uh I
feel like my man is pounding you know
Kade yeah
what caves in on it bro he was you
betrayed the jackpot logan pays really
well wrong no Hilda they have to be
expensive you were in on it too no the
guy actually thought I was going to jail
like we were joking about yo I'm so
happy that we got in trouble I had like
meetings and important stuff to do today
admit it's a good start to the day gets
your blood bro I am so a grill Secret
Service is actually supposed to convey
right and I knew that cuz dad told me so
I figured we'd get my guys to show up
before they do now I have to go through
this again hopefully all this gnarly oh
my god if I hate you love him yo yo do
you member you pranked me you don't know
what heats gonna come for you this is
pretty aggressive yeah we also have this
$5,000 race to come so yeah I'm gonna
double upon you pone
what is this 2006 all right guys I gotta
go to a meeting Logan
I'll see you I hate you I'm gonna get
you back the Secret Service hey you're
not gonna be back bro ever said at some
point you guys gonna talk he doesn't
know this life all right guys let's go
ah we got to this meeting and there's
like no parking spots
so we're parking in this reserved spot
wait till you see who whose spot it is
sorry Bieber got a parking you got a
park in your spot hopefully he doesn't
uh come here
otherwise he was freaked out
me daddy how it goes ah so the meeting
went good in the middle of the meeting
my dad had to go and move the car
because we parked in like the head of
the company's spot we got y'all that
really really hard core so that was
pretty dumb of us if you're watching
this I'm we apologize well again we've
known as Justin Bieber not to be Jane
Bieber let's go back to the Kris out all
right we're here at the the teacher
knows wait wait let me guess
Emilio Yvonne hey I'm talking his
English and they like don't know exactly
what I'm saying
they don't understand what I'm saying
cool his eyes are really blue he's kind
of ugly though he's mad tell us how that
individual is but your brother sabes ah
no no oh yeah we'll hear ugly and on xc1
they're never gonna subscribe your
channel ever and god I do not intend
this cilenti listen I don't know that
means ha ha ha see you download espa√±ol
Lopez contain there you don't I do it
haha he knew that when he do that one
done this time you saw it but not
English you want this hoodie the doers
go in the description and click on what
we wear and you can buy one it's the
it's the best yeah do that
look who decided to show up the more if
you guys don't know Devore um she's on
my Disney Channel show she's a beast
actor actress know she's so good at
acting she's like 15 and like so much
better than me high five Devore she's
gonna be a star so just wait and you'll
like save that clip one day and put it
on Twitter of me saying it and then
you'll play like really inspirational
music of like her on stage going like
this with all of our fans yeah they want
to hoodie you we need get I'm a hoodie
I got a hoodie form no this one here
that's fine usually give you who yeah
come on Tessa come on post race is here
it's his name's a oh I think how dope is
that big is your name
ale oh I wish my name was something
like oh yeah I get that a lot yeah you
do
hell I'll see you later cue it
she thought I was cute by Amelia Ivana
my dad are building a bunk bed because
they're gonna be staying here for like
another week they have no idea what
they're doing does this look like a
awesome sleepover spot grub time got
this a healthy bowl here because you
know the Olympics are calling bro I
gotta be fast I gotta be lean we're on
that health grind
shut up try to eat that was a delicious
bowl of greatness yo who are these twins
Spanish Twitter kids that are just like
a new blog so I don't know the early
Jake Pollard's will remember these kids
we did a meet-up in Barcelona these guys
are like super famous in Barcelona and
Spain and they're gonna be moving to the
United States soon right yeah
maybe now it's Trump into the presidency
uh but that meetup was super let's check
it
I just thought I needed to give an
official introduction to the Jake Paul
or say what's up what's up killer como
esta sighs man yeah that's good what do
we get what do we do
it's like Christmas today like this is a
team ten Wow
yeah yeah I'll snap that hoverboard in
half right now if I don't want to ride
it I'd say I dare you don't dare dari
bro don't need every bro
Janis nanos in half it's a it's a
gymnastics mat so that I could learn how
to do back flips from telling you I'm a
back flip so hard on this right now
how is it thanks for the test there yo
you won't put soap soap on it though
encouraging it for now okay you have you
got to do it oh yeah yeah that's my girl
we just we just 40 which nada oh I just
coffee ha ha ha
Mike I dotted my katana
I'm gonna encourage them to like jump on
this trampoline so it's a really bad
idea but to be so funny you don't have a
net either look at all this soap yo is
it that slippery I'm so excited for this
they're gonna like they're gonna die you
have to jump you guys have to jump there
you go there you go there you go
keep jumping keep jumping Oh Yoshi died
she's the milk she ate it I literally
wanted that to happen so bad no no no no
that was just the thumbnail wasn't
asking for the hand in yeah can't even
steer and push you in the pool yo so
here you go second
I'm out I'm out you guys have fun have
fun like that wait is it about to get
dark outside
ah it's dark outside now and dad we have
to do a couple of things one me go to
your service
- you have to drive my car you haven't
even it yet right and three we have to
go to the gym
I'm totally we just got a knock on the
door and the Secret Service League
outside this is the real secret there
you see it sirs I said you have to stop
what you're doing no cameras
they're not happy this is a real Secret
Service now I can't film the like
logistical films no cameras nothing on
the CEO services here they might take
you back to Barcelona you need to run
right right right
they can't be here yeah No Go Go run
it's the vibe am i fine
dude you're okay pile Cheetos
a few moments later I'm still here I'm
still here duh probably one of the
funniest things I've done bro like it
was so hard for me not to laugh ah blah
blah blah they just had like five
questions it was funny right well the
one guy was kind of not what you would
expect for a Secret Service person the
other guy that's like what you would
expect of what you would imagine there
private probably watching this one thing
I did take away from it is like it was
really dumb apparently they like spent a
lot of man-hours trying to fix the
situation because they they like got
really worried and blah blah and then
they realized I wasn't an actual threat
so for that I apologize to Secret
Service and to anyone who was involved
that like may have gotten like scared
from it but Jake Walters we still savage
Brown come out now they're gone what's
up bloggers I just got an email it's
pretty heartfelt but it's from Logan
short so Logan if you're watching this
what's up but Logan has cancer and she's
like been through a lot in life and her
friend the best friend
nya I died from cancer as well um and so
just want to spread a message that like
life like appreciate every little thing
that you have in life while you can
because you never know what's going to
happen and Logan is like an awesome
example of this and so Logan thank you
so much for being a Jake Poehler and
watching every single day and we all
hope you get better and keep on smiling
just know guys I'm always here for you
but you just have to reach out and I got
you let's hit the gym huh even lift bro
Oh
I don't even live right Jake Pollard's
I'm not the head to sleep but today's
notification shoutout goes to my boy
Brendan Rodgers out in Canada shout out
love you boy thank you for having my
notifications on guys if you want a
notification shout out turn them on and
comment when you're done my birthday is
in a couple days oh my god Melissa's
back hi she's back guess who's back back
been seen you in so long I know how are
you I'm good I'm just right I'm just
standing right here by this heater it's
really it's really cold in Los Angeles
my birthday's in a couple of days guys
smash that like button as an early
birthday present birthdays accomplis
yeah I know it's everyday right push
