no one's gonna get arrested bro I just
called the Secret Service and I have to
go meet with them good morning LA good
morning Tessa good morning Nick good
morning Jake ballers yay
Tessa is the team 10th member of the
month congratulations yesterday hi two
of my friends the Martinez twins did
their Spanish say team√∂ it's been it's
been a month since I've seen you guys
yes just Emilio Yvan look at this bro
now we're riding proper I got the truck
and the car this was my 20th birthday
present to myself I turned 20 in here I
forgot my birthday for a second there
what day is it the 9th to turn 20 in 8
days I figured I would treat myself and
get this Ford Focus RS 0 to 60 in 4.5
seconds smokes cars off the line it's
all-wheel drive
bros out there my bro Jake Father's know
the power we are all going to get in the
with my dad's gonna drive my truck
Cade is gonna film out the side of my
truck and we're gonna like film like an
action movie I guess I mean and
accelerating and going fast Jake Paulus
we are out here let's get this day
started would I fire up if you get an
exhaust cut away cue the exhaust cut
away for the sick fire up of the car
it's powerful you're gonna hear that
again
we're filming this video hopefully it
looks like really good but look at my
boy Kade this is always filming it right
now he's not gonna die on the back of my
truck
look at this yo oh you can't even like
see him he's like blending in with the
road oh my god
you
yeah quick pit stop back at the house
I need to eat some food we're starving
then we're gonna go back up into the
mountains and get some sunset shots
yeah what's happening yo is that it Dorf
that's the mascot for the Los Angeles
Rams is that my brother wait a second
what's up they ask you how you are you
say that you're fine you're not really
fine
yo what's gonna get arrested bro I just
called the Secret Service and I have to
go meet with them tomorrow you think I'm
gonna get in trouble in one how you been
I was Paris your wit too late Oh yo I
know you've been killing it while I was
gone I'm seeing this guy's videos go
viral on the Internet
sleeping in the White House dude no I
did that I did that $100,000 hotels no
we're gonna do it gotta do it just wanna
cork wine right now we're just whipping
the car bro any night cool shots of it I
think they're cool you guys think
they're cool like incoming it's gonna be
like a really delayed response does this
light goes up the next day oh yeah
what's up he's gonna put you in the pool
oh hi Alysa I'm vlogging okay what just
meet Alyssa talking to alright I'm
nearly always do this already
hola hola hola tamo what would you say
to them in Spanish siscri readers are
gonna let Jake fall mmm Dali like
subscribe arrows yes ah y te quiero
mucho I agree that's good I agree so you
know your boys got a grub Olympic diet
here with these almonds you feel like a
model
yeah kind of hot right oh the real dough
oh my god
yo bro would you do to my car my boy
let's go yo what
what is this in that fresh cool yo my
car my car I I guess at least you should
get in the car and drive it I had some
fun because none weighs a ton
now both of our cars are broken ruin
everything Paul and Paul - I'm going to
go with the car in the mountains good
seeing you always okay I'll see you
later my man because like I'm going to
drive my car in the mountains like that
part was like a joke I actually the
car's gone bro no it's not it's right
over there it's right here I just I just
moved it yeah I just moved it down the
street for the joke yeah but I have
magic Oh Logan Logan yeah he's actually
going alright so Kate and I are about to
go back up to the top of the mountain
and get some sunset shots and all that
cool stuff so this do that hang let do
it
nice car loser you see this purple
frenzy got the Purple's one
zero-to-sixty race will set it up in a
vlog one day yo you mean worse you I
true put like a K on it money why ya bet
$5,000 $5,000 this just happened yo
shake on it shake on it
shake on it yo can we go to the track we
just did it will fit just fine a
straightaway I'll see you uh sometime
I'll see you soon brother on the track
yoga made it up here to the top this is
Mahal and drive there's actually like a
famous movie about this like Street it's
old-school you might like it if you
really like movies
we're busting out the drone I'm gonna
drive it Kay's gonna follow me along the
mountain and it should be like a really
cool shot like they do in the movies cuz
we do movies bro mini movies every day
rip it
Hey hi guys let's cut into the drone
shots
I'm driving kids in the car he's
operating the drone from inside the car
it's following us sounds like a video
game dude
I guess we'll cut to the drill just now
you'll see it
we whipped up to the top of this
mountain here in California chick
ballers I'm so excited about this new
with I will see you guys tomorrow
oh yo I'll I almost forgot about the
notification shut up huh no I can't
forget I got someone for the
notifications shout out today's
notification shout-out goes to Megan
Jordan thank you so much for turning my
notifications on guys if you want a
shout out in tomorrow's vlog just turn
on my notifications and comment when
you're done don't forget to subscribe
because it's everyday bro
