this is the first time I saw like the
car and I was like yo I'm gonna get this
and now today I'm doing it yeah Jake
hall is less pop and rock good more in
Las Vegas today I woke up I worked out I
packed my bags because we're going to
Los Angeles
hey I ate some food yeah yeah boy took a
shower so you can officially say that we
conquered Las Vegas it's a Sunday and
it's time to get back to that grind
we're gonna drive back to Los Angeles
right now and I think I want to buy a
car later so stay tuned for that Jake
Pollard's let's get this day started
because it's every day Brooke yeah bye
Vegas been real I conquered you bro
I conquered you
I wanna leave but we gotta do it we got
to do it I guess we out here ha ha
driving past few less inches this is
actually a artsy shot with like these
windows and the mountains in the blue
sky right now that's kind of nice but I
just posted the vlog from yesterday
where the Secret Service showed up at
our house and we kind of like watched it
back and we realized probably how dumb
it was to like be posting that up we're
just we're really just burying ourselves
deeper into a hole but the vlog is like
my life
right so I figured like whatever is
happening in my life whether we are
staying in a huge hotel room or it's
super boring and I'm sick and sleeping
on the couch one day that's why you guys
are here is that I guess to watch my
life and Sophie oh I guess it's
inevitable that we post it up so I don't
know because they were coming to
interview me so I'm kind of just like do
we go along with that do i film that
like I don't know probably don't feel
probably not probably going to actually
well this is just like a ridiculous
situation and we were talking about how
if I go to jail we're gonna have to set
up a GoFundMe page for you guys to build
me out
accepting $1 she's going to jail for me
but I don't think I did anything wrong
it's whatever wrong and if you don't
know the situation you have to watch
yesterday's vlog and the vlog from three
days ago the 24 hour overnight challenge
in the White House and you'll be caught
up to date with what's going on life's
crazy bro we talked about how nice this
looks right now like I must've just put
some music in here put it in slow motion
and do a little camera thingy it's gonna
look really dope that was lit bro we're
gonna be back home in like two hours but
I'll be driving straight to the car
dealership I mean at this point before I
just shouldn't do it yeah
we've crossed so many boundaries in the
last 72 you're right there's no rulebook
anymore you're right we can do whatever
we want we are on like a up into the
right momentum and so we just gotta keep
on going like we can't sleep we just got
to go go go go go so I guess we're going
straight to the car dealership and I'm
gonna cop a car and you'll see what it
is
I'm like sitting here like in silence
and like still recording because I want
you guys to understand that like I don't
know what's happening in life right now
let's go let's go alright so we made it
to the dealership right now so a lot of
you probably don't know what Karm
getting still if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog I literally said yes I
was like this is the first time I saw
like the car and I was like yo I'm gonna
get this and not today I'm doing it so
it's the Ford Focus RS
now this car is super lit yeah I need a
haircut
God wait till you see this car it's like
faster than like 95% of the cars out
there let's do this alright guys here it
is I'm gonna show you yo oh I'm so
excited to buy that I'm playing bro look
at this look at this this is the one
here so fire so I was thinking black but
then the gray is lochia sleeper and now
I don't know what to do everyone say the
color that you think is better on three
one two three gray it was four out of
four four gray this is a little soul it
right now a lot of your probably Oh Jake
why not like a Corvette why not like a
GTR my Ferrari
that's like in a couple of months and
this car is like my daily driver
so those sports cars are really really
cool this is like a lower price point I
already have like a truck that's like
all decked out and I'm gonna get like a
sports car like that soon but this is
four seats go zero to 60 in 4.5 seconds
my man Justin's cold-start in this oh
it's still it's still fired still a
sports car still super fast oh yo the
gray is the wet move huh see like the
black gray or indecisive here we thought
we wanted the grey and now now we're
second-guessing ourselves we think the
black might be the move I think that's
also the move maybe because it'll blend
in with my truck better woo I'm kind of
feeling black now I am too a little bit
I think I'm feeling black I'm gonna make
the executive decision right now and go
with the black already made up my mind I
like the black better yeah I'm sorry
Justin
the mike is sleek the grey is just a
little bit more of a special
first and look at these seats like full
cloth leather racing seats yeah boom
whipping whipping so it is stick shift
your boy knows how to drive stick as I'm
a professional driver boy hey what do
you think bro it's fire right and I
really just wanna like zero to sixty
launched this once we buy and she's way
for you can't really do she's gonna I
don't know bottom or ever up I love the
sound of it it's so clean do they have
blow-off valves for these too
bro I need a blow-off valve so bad that
how is it back there yeah it's not too
bad
Jake Mahler's we're gonna whip so hard
it's the like the most fire videos are
gonna be made in this thing I'm tryna
get like a bunch of hot girls in here
and like accelerate and do the reactions
you know time oh yeah all those car
videos of you alright so you guys know
the Jake ballers know that I always ask
people if they freestyle my man Justin
here do you freestyle I do was good look
I was gone for a minute but your boy is
back nine never been a pussy I don't
have the back down you know I've been
all the way I'm puttin the smack down
the federal hitting in the zone like my
rebirth and I'm dropping oh let's
consume my whole mind monkey-see
monkey-do when I motherfucking ron was
gone but I'm glad and use Excel don't
got me feeling like a crack at it
hey go ahead get craftmatic I wreak
havoc
come through with SWAT tactics just a
sniper from your neighbor's head Pete my
mathematics three times the skill but
two times the commitment is one of me
the way I envision the music industry
and shit so you get some profit in it if
they're going oh I gotta get it from
start to finish I leave your whole team
diminishment shit that ain't even be
bringing a spit flames you could
announce causality good job button up
your voice to 5/9 so crooked I can come
slaughter this how somehow that's that
test drive freestyle right there this
car is insanely fast yo I'm speechless
right so we're cop in the way if we're
gonna go through all the paperwork and
stuff right now and then we'll show you
guys like a dough montage of it all like
little shots and accessories and stuff
like that so we'll be right back ahh
so ran into a couple of Jake Pollard's
they gave me this hat say what's up guys
do you guys watch the vlog I watch it
no way fist bump who's your favorite
youtuber that's my boy
do you guys watch Buzard mark - right
how do you pronounce it Bazar guar hey
that's good I'll take it it's hard to
pronounce I think you should take over
the blog yo yo you want to take it over
you like him better than me oh man
alright okay I'm handling it okay I'm
gonna follow Dustin give me this back
this is my Jake Pollard's I don't play
that hi Jake ballers imma get this car
I'll be right back okay so we just
finished up the paperwork and they're
officially turning the car over to me
it's been like a three-hour process oh
my god yo Galpin ford hooked it up so
fat thank you guys
oh this is the whip oh oh what is this
the keys oh that's like a legendary
movie moment they get thrown the keys
thank you guys so much wheel black yeah
let's start up a fishnet for the first
time me as the owner mom this one's for
you here goes whoa let's go so guys uh
we're at the waiver right now you're
gonna see some footage of it but
tomorrow we're gonna go super hard and
like film like a dope like movie style
content of the car so be ready for that
make sure you guys are subscribed
today's notification shout-out goes to
my boy from Ohio represent his name is
Michael Bobby oh yeah I don't know if
I'm pronouncing that right but shout out
to Michael Bobby thank you hat for
having my notifications on guys if you
want a notification shout out turn on my
notifications and comment when you're
done les with this my boy Justin thank
you so much Eduardo thank you my boy
killing it we bonded we had the
Freestyle moments can't wait to try them
it's so fast that's quick I passed we
hit it in the first five minutes that we
have it going 120 120 kilometers - it's
not mile for our followers we're gonna
drive home and go to sleep we haven't
slept we drove home for Vegas it is
crazy I don't know if this is to go out
Rosh Hashanah cause it's really dark I'm
about to hit 120 again I will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday bra
