okay look at this this I just found
another room in here huh good morning
Jake Boulder's we are back in Los
Angeles this morning I was in Washington
ed that would put it down I think she
likes you
I'm here with my dad Rick Paul his noise
is called the Greg Pollard's Strait Greg
haulers and yeah like I said we're back
in Los Angeles at the team tent house if
you are new to the vlog I am Jake Paul
this is my daily vlog channel and I live
in Los Angeles oh my god where's my hair
and today is another awesome day as you
guys know yesterday stayed overnight at
the White House and like the reality of
this is like kind of just now setting in
and me reflecting back on what I did
like I could have gotten in so much
trouble I would have been banned from
the United States Barack Obama would it
hit me well it was honestly a
bucket-list thing that I wanted to check
off and I did it with you guys at Jake
Pollard's were with me the whole entire
way I did it for you I still cannot
believe it but that's what we do every
day Brad like I was saying earlier this
morning I was in Washington DC flew back
here today going to mess around here a
little bit we are going there for this
business convention but should be really
fun we're gonna be doing crazy stuff in
the city get this day started brush so
we got this new office chair look at all
these functions bro
yo look at this oh my gosh it can lean
back too right oh my gosh so we had this
new one right so we were like okay what
do we do with the old one and I think
we're going to put a rope behind my
truck and I'm gonna hold onto it my
dad's gonna tow me flying down the
street in this Nick do you want to go on
it you don't want to yell look at my
daddy's chillin bro also Handa I got the
rope set up with the homemade wakeboard
handle it's about to get sketchy
dad come drive he's one who taught me
how to do all of this like crazy stuff
so what are you doing let's go if they
go do this he's not taking this
seriously I don't like when people don't
take things seriously shake and bake
baby whoa
take this cherry needs some depth Oh No
Oh Mike yo this is good I'm gonna go
flying into a car
dang but that truck though this uh looks
like a good area here kids as always do
try this at home we'll try this at home
I just told them to try it at home
we're certified so are they okay oh no
that's fine oh he's mad he need a hug
sir do you need a hug I'm good I'm doing
really good Merry Christmas he needs a
hug Wow he just hit that trash can
wow he's having a bad day he needs to
subscribe to the Jay Paul's alright dad
this is so dumb alright go do you need
more space no no I need to put the vlog
camera down oh god I'm gonna cry no I'm
gonna go like this
it doesn't work it's not really working
because the wheels whatever the way the
office chair wheels are angled that's
where the it goes to so my dad took off
the back two wheels you think this is
gonna work that did you just pull a
knife out of your pocket I am MacGyver's
little brothers what Dad
there we go all right we're back in
action not working get water rock you're
right that's it that's the move look put
this in here Oh like this oh yeah okay
here we go
don't try this at home
it's on fire
the chairs on fire it's literally
smoking definitely don't try this one at
home kids that was dangerous
that one was dangerous you try new
that'll probably hurt that was so
successful boom let's see what we got an
extra so a fan that some fan mail to our
Pheo box and I go to open it right and
it says this is actually for Logan yeah
bro what how could you do that like
that's such a buzzkill oh well I'm just
gonna take whatever it is for Logan and
keep it for myself
Hannah drew that for me that's great
that she drew that who was she drunk
this is me that's you yeah totally looks
like you oh who do you think it looks
like oh it's awoken no no it's to me
this is me also our pool is literally
overflowing like it's filled to the brim
we're all gonna die hey Jessa hey Jake
how are you I'm good I didn't see in a
couple days - you missing no sir
so we're about the film scenes any
YouTube video I okay so got this new
microphone on eBay I'm gonna become a
rapper here's a little preview
okay so it's in the afternoon now and I
just posted this white house challenge
from yesterday I'm literally just
waiting like the emails and calls I feel
like the white house is just gonna like
be calling me and emailing me so we'll
see what happens there
but it's almost time to go to Vegas so I
am going to get ready I'm all packed up
for Vegas but first got a grub Sun jam
session yeah got a healthy for the 2020
Olympics so we're going salad Jordy and
healthy pour out here bro I love it I
want it so bad also I've never gotten
this many tech in my whole entire video
career from people saying like oh my god
I can't believe you actually did that
blah blah blah like like 500 people
that's an exaggeration like 40 people
have texted me about it feel good about
myself I'm just waiting for like the
White House's email that's like delete
the video I'd be so sad because I know
my brother had to delete one of his
videos on time 38 degrees in Vegas
apparently 38 degrees in Vegas looks
masked by the way with the food back to
the crib oh then we're gonna start this
row true get in losers we're going to
Vegas get endless how are you be funny
Chris now the squad is real all right so
it's official now we got the squad in
the with Greg Paul's driving ya Kade
back here somewhere I don't know where
we're you okay I love my into dark
what's up how is DC Jake yo DC was dope
did you see my vlog you haven't seen my
vlog it's my best one yet did you shake
hands like no bro I stayed overnight in
the white house what that's what I'm
saying bro you don't know this Heat well
Patrick doesn't believe that I did it so
he isn't going on YouTube right now also
also guys we have a hotel room tonight
that's 7,000 square feet what's up man
we have a hotel room that has 7,000
square feet I swear Wow
do that yeah bro we got the hookups bro
there's about to be so much fun I don't
know what we're gonna do on this road
trip I you guys better be ready made a
pit stop about to get some food I know
we haven't been vlogging much we're only
an hour away the hotel room should be
really fun though so we bro - II got
that team ten march on represented was
that we're at this fast food russia bro
it's so tempting to get something bad to
eat or do i do who educated what i do
are you gonna do actually though wasn't
middle of the desert
i mean there is what you want easily
side sailor don't wear 79 for all the
time you're gonna be health is more I
like your vocabulary I found my diet I
just have errand water here I'm playing
that's nasty back on the road again
pippers
oh my god
no no we made we make yo they said this
was a big hotel room and they weren't
lying look at this oh my god can you see
this who sees this right now oh my god
look see they can't figure out the doors
either it's harder than it looks just a
couple of hooligans with the forty
thousand dollar hotel room what oh great
now I'm stuck out here you look at this
bad it's a circle bro I've never even
seen a circle bed before the thing is
though that's just one of the rooms we
got part two over here oh my gosh what
this is a regular room Oh God oh come on
you know everyone but that team ten
Marcel plug yo has its own sim 2020
Tokyo oh my gosh there's a sauna if
getting high exercise room and song this
is not real bro there's another door oh
that just goes to the rest of this Oh
what in the world okay look at this this
I just found another room in here what
the heck that TV comes out of the thingy
majiggy oh my God look at this view
bathing and lather yourself look at the
Stars my god this is so real right now
that's a beautiful donut chair all this
is great but look at that donut chair
bro you want to pop in there oh it's
actually so like not functional it's
gnarly right it's crazy we're just two
guys from Ohio and we're just here now
and we don't know what to do with
yourself
interview is unbelievable the city view
all around it's crazy you know I'm gonna
hit that treadmill in the morning but
right now I got to go swimming in this
it's about to be so epic going in the
pool so got a switch over to this camera
camera switch alright we're on this
camera now let's go
yo this is the move oh my god yo yo look
at this view oh my gosh I'm like
speechless right now this is literally
amazing and it's so warm Jake Pollard's
we're out here oh and uh before I forget
today's notification shout out it goes
to whitley jones from oklahoma whitley
love you girl thank you for having my
notifications on guys if you want to get
shouted out or not my notifications and
comment when you're done oh my god
literally on the edge of this right now
yeah what is life
oh right Jake Waller's that has been a
day thank you guys so much for coming
along and I just made a second youtube
channel called Jake Paul - I'm gonna be
posting exclusive videos there if you
want more content but can this video get
75,000 like click the like button right
now do it I will see you guys tomorrow
we will be in Las Vegas it's everyday
bro
you
