whole entire place to ourselves check it
it is about to get so lit jeepers what
poppin I wasn't going to start my vlog
until tomorrow morning but Lucas and
Marcus's brother dari texted me and was
like yo bro I'm gonna come pick you up
from your hotel drive you an hour to our
house and you can surprise Lucas and
Marcus so that's what we're doing and
then you're gonna get a whole nother
vlog tomorrow so let's go surprise Lucas
and Marcus they have no idea that it's
coming they still think I'm here in
Washington DC they were planning on
meeting up with me tomorrow so I think
this is gonna work out really really
good Jake Pollard's it's every day bro
let's go
all right dari is here right now I'm a
hopping this with Dori what's poppin bro
they have no idea this is coming right
I'm so stuffed up it's been a while I'd
even yeah have you been grindin the Jake
Pollard's doing everyday pie let's go I
feel like they're gonna be so surprised
yeah do they have no clue none should we
just like walk in the door like how do
we want to do this just chill in the
kitchen and they'll come down just be
like making mac and cheese so we made it
to their neighborhood and how do we want
to do this are you gonna walk in and
like should I just walk in at the same
time with you I know they're not there
so I texted my mom
we keep them in the kitchen they don't
lock the door really quietly no one's
sneaking I'll get it nervous we gotta
make this super good thing I have a
church I like you scare him and yell
yeah you'll do it yeah actually not I
grab my grab I might be sleeping just
walk in like it's your house you know
we're about to pull up right now okay
we're walking up
I missed you guys were you nervous
what's up bro killing it
I'm in your house I'm a part of the
dough bread family hey Z it worked
my mom loved it oh you know this no way
she's a Jake Paula you watch his vlogs
all the time hey that's my girl
did you hear I'm training to go to the
2020 Olympics awesome good luck she was
in the Olympics oh she just lays it out
like so nonchalant finally got you guys
back put in a kangaroo in the house yeah
oh good well good you jumped like crazy
no scare things about a killer say it
when you're surprised to see EJ alright
guys well tomorrow morning we're gonna
wake up and go to a trampoline
gymnastics gym so that's really pretty
fun let's do it whoa good morning family
we are out here in their parents
gymnastics gym and we have this whole
entire place to ourselves check it it is
about to get so lit there's a foam pit
up there they're gonna try and teach me
how to backflip kind of nervous for that
but it's gonna be fine Jay I'm gonna be
fine yeah think you got it you'll be
fine just alright well let's see
hopefully we can have some fun in here I
am so happy let's get this day started
whoa yeah
so Lucas Marcos is trying to teach me
how to backflip really close it's close
I can do on a trampoline but I'm trying
to learn how to do it like flat on the
ground to show them what I got
yeah make it look so easy watch it you
got it well that how's that how's that
he's literally one guy he's literally
soaked oh yeah I was good I'm gonna see
if they do on the floor but it's so
sketch I'm a master this is for the Jake
Pollard's out here
yeah wow that was so much fun guys okay
so that montage was really fun I'm like
really close to getting the backflip I
just did it on my Instagram stories for
like one second but I haven't like
landed it fully by myself check out this
clip I am the one the one the Sun not
life not life but I still want to be
able to do it by myself they're teaching
me oh like a kangaroo Bop we're back out
here I put the ten in tennis dude I did
there to get it All Right see you guys
Merry Christmas Happy Thanksgiving
I didn't get it I put the stud in social
studies all right we're about to head
back to Washington DC and mess around
there a little bit stay tuned
know we're gonna die we're all gonna die
one day
democracy Boulevard that's how you know
you're in Washington way so random going
into this mall to get food but I feel
like some chaos is about to happen
I don't know yo yo guys look bizarre
marks on Buzard mark is on the TV but
that's you hi boy oh this uh oh I like
this store yo think this would be good
on me what do you guys think please be
good yeah you think I should cop it imma
China I don't know how to work this he
showed me how to use this uh yeah feels
right it was good champagne drop the
beat come on so I'm gonna be with this
guy tomorrow I'm so excited make sure
you guys keep up a Obama yeah you want
to meet me I'll meet you tomorrow I'll
meet you tomorrow oh my gosh they have
my pillow no they have my pillow are you
subscribed you're subscribed to me oh
she's not a jig baller what are you
doing room subscribe subscribe
I'm gonna beat you this is actually hard
ooh
rocky rocky 2020 Olympics baby here I
come I can do that anything is possible
do you saw that speed right I'm one of
the Olympics Tokyo 2020 watch out watch
a little beat watch a low beat I'm high
yes could I please have a number two I
don't mess with you I
that's all day on YouTube I'm a jig
Paula I'm a buck
No just yeah just number two number two
it's fine yeah yeah thanks and that's
how a man orders his food I'm a dog ruff
okay so we left them all we're here in
the African jungle on Huntington wallaby
Jake what are you doing Jake what are
you doing we're in the mall all right
sacr√© now I can't see your face when
I'm with you but picks out mall in the
car going back to Washington DC but
today's shout-out goes to rain the vamps
underscore ATC shout out to my girl
thank you for having the notifications
on guys if you want a shout out in
tomorrow's vlog turn on my notifications
and comment when you're done that's all
you got to do thank you so much for
watching we're gonna do a contest the
Jake Pollard's versus the dobre army
we're gonna see who can get each other
more subscribers they said this on their
video that they posted today so Jake
Pollard's go to their channel subscribe
to them because if they get us more
subscriber Gideon what's the sky with me
Jake yeah but wait army will take all of
it no Jake cause we have to beat them go
to the rain subscribe because Amy for
the camera died right in the middle of
that so I moved over to my iPhone I got
this cover now but thank you guys so
much for watching you gotta win this
contest to go over to the channel right
now I'll put the link to the channel in
the description
Jake Pollard's I will see you tomorrow
because it's every day Brad please
