it is time for me to face and conquer my
biggest insecurity bothers what is going
on Barbie know a lot is about to go on
today
put your vlog belts on and get ready for
this roller coaster but you know I
wanted to start the day off with a bang
last night guys I went to the store and
picked up these laxatives buying
laxatives oh my god sorry the reason I
got these laxatives is because I am
going to put them in this water bottle
and give it to Erica our prank wars have
kind of slowed down a bit so I want to
do a spice things up attempt it so once
again if you're new here put your vlog
belts on get ready for this crazy
journey my name is Jake Paul you guys
are the Jake Pollard's and this is the
gene 10 house
hey that squad the strongest squad I'm
the Internet team ten baby you already
know plan but if how many - yeah - and
twist bond
so our relationships about to get really
poopy imagine why
now we wait guys now away a few moments
later
it's in effect yo are you gonna your
stomach hurts yo you know would you be
mad at me if I told you how to put
laxatives in the water I gave you
I swear that God did you really do that
yeah you did it to me no I did it Chad
you that Oh Chad to the day but you were
there I just got you a brand-new
birthday present Eve relaxes America
constant you can leave I'm pooping my go
to another crazy day guys I hope you
guys are smiling I hope you guys are
dabbing on them haters and I hope y'all
are chasing your dreams because guys I'm
living my dream life and y'all just
became a part of the dream welcome to
the journey I don't know if y'all
already because this is the most lit
YouTube channel on YouTube fact if you
haven't already joined the team smash
that subscribe button right now copy
stuff some of the hottest merchants in
the game fans right let me get you guys
caught up to speed because a lot has
already happened today and a lot more is
actually about to go down as well I have
a big insecurity guys and it's time for
me to face it today I'm kind of nervous
bro but today is also a day of Jerrica
see we started off this morning trying
to get sexy as you guys know my 21st
birthday is coming up and I need to be
ready roll the clip
apparently I'm not sexy enough that's
not what I said yesterday no he's not
I'm turning 21 in three days don't like
I would be so whole like Erica so we
came to Beauty lounge Med Spa what am i
doing today bro we have a lot of
surprises for you today what does that
even mean she's not good at all we're
gonna make you extra sexy so you're
telling me that this although is it
sexual you know let me start you with a
good question what's the men's villian
okay you guys gonna get a man zillion
America Castile America they even put
Jerrica up underneath their logo I mean
yes yes it is spelled wrong it's the
thought that counts people should know
how to spell it by now bro cuz all you
literally do is go America go anyways
guys I guess I'm getting a man zillion
meanwhile seems like this like I'm
sunbathing
so relaxing I'm so glad you guys came I
know we needed a seriously especially
Jake he's probably sleeping right now I
know he is pretty tired yeah he was
getting a massage I think or a patient
asked me what I'm gonna be probably what
are you gonna be and she's not even here
by my side it's supposed to be a couple
spa day where she Oh
look like a cucumber looks so good of
transport oh I'm really like strike
would you want to hear a story Jamie
sure I'd love to hear a story okay so
basically I was hanging out with the
girls and one of my girlfriends
oh one of one of your girlfriend you
know is just part of the band zillion
billion is down there yeah we starved in
the head and we work our way down
yeah oh so scared I'm so scared right
now I feel you is really so painful
correct you'd be surprised at how
non-painful is wrong I think so you
gonna take your hand you're gonna get
this forehead and you're gonna pull with
us
it was at this moment that he knew ah oh
my god that won't hurt really bad I'm
doing this all for you I'm doing this
all for you Oh what are you doing making
you prepare for your 21st birthday this
is a worst day of my life hey I'm back
baby Oh looking cute as ever I don't
know if you could tell my skin is
glowing check out that glow you see that
glow and if y'all are living under a
rock and didn't see yesterday's blog
things got extra lit Chad went flying in
a shopping cart
I went riding on the back of a car we
made a song about sticky notes and then
covered the whole entire house and
sticky notes woke everybody up and I got
their reactions to the prank roll it
what oh my god there's so much going on
I'm forgetting some things I'm
forgetting to mention some things I'm
sick about to talk about my insecurities
my birthday is coming up there's a lot
going down like I said it's the most let
you do check on you do fact but speaking
of my birthday uh Erica got me my first
gift this morning you're gonna want to
see this roller clear she's giving me an
early birthday right wait you say
there's only one of my gifts yeah yeah
the one is a lot more thoughtful
Oh Jericho with the C I know it's a day
full of Jericho yeah but like they
basically have the same person but I'm
grown boy yo you guys are both way she
come in Aspen Natalie
maybe it's Mellie y'all I ship it
Natalie this is so cool like I just need
to take this moment though like this is
a nice winter jacket but the Jay Paul
merchandise is warmer softer and less
expensive than this you can get a fan
joy taco backslash Jay Paul right now
this is right up there Erica thank you
so much I know our relationship may be
dysfunctional
people probably don't even know if it's
real or not including myself we have our
ups wow this is the best surprise ever
yeah more downs but at the end of the
day Erica you always have my back and
for that I love you however we have a
couple of problems
number one guys you know I'm walking
around my house you know where I'm on
the third floor you know looking at the
view and I noticed there's a flippin
tent on my roof
dynomite Dylan decided to move in yo hey
guys hey hey sorry I forgot to tell you
I thought you were out you moved in
dynomite Dylan invited himself over to
the house moved in and is apparently
living on the roof now yo you did used
to live on the roof at the old team
10-ounce that is a fact
and plus Erica said okay oh good god yo
did you really tell Dylan that he could
live on the roof that's that's totally
cool by the way our Instagram picture
with the lion over 1 million likes v
bumpers I really need your help me to
explain problem number two is that this
car if it's still not the Edwin Starr
and so per usual I need you to take this
car and turn it into the Edwards car
okay so influence is orange I'm feeling
the orange do you know how to drive
stick
I mean I can adapt to things okay hey
man I got the Lamborghini in the car you
know the last time you drove the
Lamborghini you you almost ripped off
the front bumper
great you have to use your foot it's
like a year yeah yeah you got it yeah I
trust you bye problem number three is
that everybody on Team Tennis six look
at this bro and the reason why this is
the problem which leads me the problem
number four is that we are leaving in
like 16 hours who's leaving I mean I
didn't know so I don't know if I forgot
why are we going to a cold place when
we're all sick oh hold on hold on let me
check what time it is cuz we're not soft
bro yeah I got a fever yes guess who
hotter than a fever boy
I just went to beauty labs Med Spa it's
ya know the craziest people I know I'm
not prepared
and I also need like two more snowboards
because guys in Aspen the snow is snow
we're the mountains our Mountaineer the
goats are go dear the cold is colder and
I have to be prepared guys guys I got
two new boards I'll finish read so good
talking about a place called however
guys it is time for me to face and
conquer my biggest insecurity they're
probably sitting there like hey what's
your biggest insecurity man it is
it is
it is
China my biggest insecurity is my feet
bro
ever since I was a little kid I would
hate if people looked at my feet I would
hate if people touched my feet I would
hate I don't even want to touch my feet
bro my dad would literally have to hold
me down to cut my toenails until I was
like 15 years old
yes I'm able to do it now but guys it's
time for me to conquer my fear and to do
that
Erica hashtag Jerrica sexy hashtag I got
you
Erica book just a pedicure and I'm down
cuz like I need it ugliest feet the
world so without any further ado a
pedicure you pick your color first
Nicole intuitive grader you pick your
color
I'm not painting
No
Oh kill the game okay time I hope it's
uh a little insecure about my feet
yeah sorry miss particles conquered my
fears guys cut yourself some aha to
smarts in the game my favorite
sweatshirt is the status sweatshirt the
merch is all about becoming better every
day smiling every day chasing your
dreams every day baby
chase your dreams become a youtuber I'll
teach you how to vlog I'll teach you how
to become social media famous go to
influence calm and I will see y'all
tomorrow
peace what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me Tex Jake Paul calm which is
gonna give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that's easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatty Deb's everyday bro make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
