huh I'm in the middle of the street I'm
sure you guys have probably seen this on
the internet already but yesterday at
midnight someone changed the Hollywood
sign to say Halle weed this is so savage
so diseased like this watch I don't know
if you could see it but if you look
closely there's an e right there they
change it to Holly weed I respect them
so hard for doing that that is bold
dizziness right there also
Jake Pollard's if you turn on my
notifications I'm gonna be giving people
shout outs in the vlogs
so today's shout-out is to Rebecca mint
from Oklahoma Thank You Rebecca for
having my notifications on make sure you
guys turn on my notifications so that
you don't miss a day Johnny Depp big fan
bro these people on Hollywood Boulevard
like dress up as movie characters try
and get tips from tourists but then the
problem is is that they start doing
drugs and they actually think that
they're the characters so just it's kind
of awkward but you know he's killing it
righto my truck has a speaker happy new
year happy happy new year shouldn't
spread the love people yeah I love it
I'm coming for you hard Tokyo I'm coming
for you coming for you logging as soon
as this elevator gets up there
oh well that didn't go as planned
obvious games a column now I say your
last row oh hey Logan Happy New Year bro
I'm at your door and go away brothers
let me just kind of turn around and go
you don't want to at all right now no I
do want it and I know how this works I'm
gonna just chill bro Tokyo 2020 we have
to go just open your door it's fine oh
it's enjoying this vlog we have to do
this crappy workout halftime no don't
let me in no you don't want it bro you
put your lover down I see you've all
right don't you like well good morning
but you away from so ready why we're
going to the Olympics that's why good
morning Los Angeles oh no you're not
going to sleep I didn't drive over here
for nothing wake up fabric I hate you I
hate you bro don't make this turn into a
situation like when I have to wake up
ELISA every morning by pranking her I
don't have to do that bro bro we got a
train dude but like the America needs a
dog the great thing about this is that
we don't have like a set time I'm not
doing anything today water I got a train
now I'm tired needs us
eating super clean super healthy like I
said and working out as much as I can
right now I'm just sleepy
pretty dumb for going the Olympics huh
no we're pretty Savage bro you're right
I've never even ran track yeah by the
way is that a sword Oh No been five
minutes
what are you ready yet no I'm all right
this is yourself I see ya bones two
minutes later this one minutes and I'll
be good come on just go change the
Olympics by myself you won't do it ever
guy hate you I hate you I hate you
Jake haulers are gonna swing on you bro
he's trying to attack them Jake ballers
right now all right bro let's say I'm
going to Tokyo by myself this is gonna
be the saddest and loneliest workout
that I've ever had so this is a way for
me to work out so we can go a time what
time 2:00 p.m. I'm just gonna go work
out sad lonely by Logan project my men
don't want it my man's not focused
commands now ready I have to run four
times as far as him so I gotta train
harder let's hit the track yeah we're
out your cut let's get this workout in
Herschel I'm in Tokyo 2020 it feels good
well I can feel it already I feel the
power whoa that was a killer workout
first one a little out of shape
we got three years four years something
like that that's a lot of time but we're
just gonna get it every day right let's
see what's popping back at the team ten
headquarters SWAT wow we are at the d-10
headquarters I'm with Tessa and Spencer
and what are you trying to do agreement
jump I'm trampling to traffic yeah we
are
trying to find can't believe come on
phone right now so I was like yo he was
like yo and we were like yo and I was
like you know we should jump on a
trampoline in the middle of traffic in
Los Angeles the traffic's insane we're
gonna try and buy a trampoline we're
calling like everywhere apparently
everyone's out of stock please for your
believe you called like 10 places so
annoying but if we can get a trampoline
and jump in the middle of traffic that
would be so fire let's do this we found
a place with the trampoline but they'll
run up in there and snag that snap
return to place with trampoline
Tessa found a place with a chaplain
we're about to run up in there and snag
that snapper
what's my vocabulary right now you know
I got this for you Anthony is Sam cooler
than both of you combined yo guys wait
up
yo do you hear that whoa when your jam
comes on in the store
yo don't people put skateboards without
wheels on Champlain's and like jump on
it I'm pretty pumped for that so do you
come here often
I come here a lot yeah that's a dope
spot are you Jake Paula no ah she
doesn't know what she's missing out on a
vision everyone's gonna be a Jake ah
yeah you do they just got a like and
subscribe
look we got this fat boy let's carry
you're up there oh it's heavy yeah this
is Jake's training for the Olympics huh
boy wanted pic
well we try to get it up there um so
what do you think we should do we're
really sorry we're going to try and move
it out of the way we're just Viners with
a dream yeah it's like giving birth I'm
still I'm still saying we got him
killing it guys I'm just the encourage
ER yeah you got it I'm just gonna jump
on a trampoline in traffic bro
thank you hello mom without you in Ohio
we're getting yelled at finally made it
out of the store gonna load her up in
debate oh my gosh I love I love you
Demming a whipper back home and snapper
all up and bolt it in and then jump in
some traffic ah ah got it there now
we're just gonna set it up should take
like an hour and then we're ready to do
this time laughs do it
oh my gosh that took really long we
finished it the Shep line is massive let
me tell you how so do you wanna be the
first one on it I'm line on it ah yo so
nice oh my god let's take it in traffic
what yeah so we're gonna put it in the
traffic here so put it in the middle of
the street now and jump easier no I'm
serious
yo that's what you have to jump from
there are you a savage or not yo she's
going for it
it didn't happen if you didn't snapchat
it folks so I thought hey do you know
that we're taking this to the middle of
Melrose and jumping in the middle of
traffic like cars yeah that Street over
there yeah with it yeah I think it'll
work
I could work you got it Oh was that
scary where you fine fine is nerve rocky
cue fun montage
yo this lady takes up our whole front
yard this is amazing I'm so happy right
now yo I think it's traffic time let's
go to the streets
heyo
thank you guys so much for watching Jake
Pollard's that was lit Pesa we killed it
yeah we did man sir yeah it's still 567
bucks yeah it will square up later later
um uh Jake ballers I'm going on
Instagram right now and I'm gonna be
liking some of your guys's pictures back
if you like my pictures and follow me so
I'll go do that right now
leave you like you said my producer yeah
I like your picture too that was
honestly one of the craziest things that
I've done in my life those drone shots
were amazing that would be the thrice
charging me so much for them tomorrow I
am flying to Washington DC you gotta
meet Obama really quickly I don't even
know what's gonna happen I might do an
overnight challenge in the White House
this has been the longest out row we've
ever done but we're just still amped up
from the champion stuff Jake Pollard's I
will see you tomorrow make sure to give
this a big thumbs up because we almost
went to jail it's everyday Bruce
