new year new us am i right girl I'm
gonna be so healthy no more guys
organize save more spend less
I might please have I'm gonna get a
dozen donuts and she like customize it
Davidge bro you know do you guys say
savage all the time no way is a 2016
word though we need to stop which they
came up with this new or called dizzy
its dizzy bro and that's our new 2017
word he's Dorner surgeon I want my Sam
it's also cool I guess yeah it's my
brother space just massive brothers
trying to eat my donut right looks good
though this could be my last donut
session for like three years while I'm
training
I'll miss you donuts on to the next
thing I hurry I'm great how are you
may I please have to achieve gordita
crunches so a New Year's kisses Wow you
know I feel like this is the thing where
like everyone expects like they have
yeah y'all bro
New Year's kisses are the best round oh
yeah so many girls but I love girls
everyone you know I think everyone just
feels like they have to have a New
Year's kiss and Mike no I kind of want
to have a New Year's kiss when he gets a
hurry
yes is not here not even like L this is
mine like
they all know this is mine like the
lights Cody Cody you're having a good
night
oh wow we are back like a two-second
break for you guys but it is like five
hours for me it is like 8:30 right now
I'm with the squad and we are going to
do a New Year's dance competition yes oh
now and I'm going to go over to Logan's
house when we're going to go to some
party for the ball to drop and let's
dance
alright that was our dance battle I'm
gonna go to Logan's let's go yo stop we
broke easy
Logan bro it is almost the New Year you
know what this means
I dunno what I mean today know what it
means you tell them I told it a little
bit earlier in this would you say I said
that this is the last day I can eat junk
food yeah because Jake and I are
training for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics
Tokyo here we come only I'm gonna mess
you up there long rather legs so I'm
writing the 400 he's running the 100m do
you think this is a joke it's not a joke
it's not gonna prove that it's not a
joke right now not a joke definitely not
a joke not a joke we did anyway it
doesn't prove it I don't know what does
the vlog tomorrow when we start training
yeah it's gonna be legit it's gonna be
so good imagine this brothers
Olympian out of China you be my New
Year's kiss I mean it's 9 p.m. but in
like 3 hours are you down no absolutely
not
Susy go yo yeah I'm leaving every year
so love me looking over the book here
Jake they'll see you gotta want and when
everybody cut it all right down the
state it's my book bro yeah we cut it I
mean but look look look look and today
you say sexy you got my book well yeah
but we didn't make it through just keep
on let me down like more than two years
cuz they got my back bro you get do this
for the vlog like bro I signed that and
everything what so you did not you know
what you wrote to my brother Logan do
not even write I love you you didn't
even write I love you but through it but
it kind of makes it more special none of
the words are offensive girls on Amazon
now buy a big plug you gotta want it
don't forget to like sorry sorry sir
taking Instagram pictures in the middle
of the street we are in trouble bro it's
just Instagram bro back off oh I almost
fell on the street again oh those are
fire oh they can't have your tag you
vote oh crap I should just pop
somebody's downstairs
what do you mean they popped them they
shot him yeah look look I don't have the
voltage out but yeah these guys are
probably gonna get arrested right now so
we can't take Instagram pictures up here
oh no I never said that and just let you
guys know oh thank you thank you yeah he
didn't see anything don't want to take
this Instagram pictures must be fire and
we're gonna dip out we're gonna dip out
to raise consciousness like Year's Eve
party thingamajiggy morning figures
where to go inside of there yeah then we
are going to watch the ball drop ball
drop dance a little bit
trying in a New Year's Eve kiss yeah
yeah it's gonna be double I don't know
this party's got a nice view but but
where's Bay so my brother's live
streaming right now and he thinks the
party Shannon Dead he wants to go
somewhere else so I think we're gonna go
somewhere else
I don't really know they've got food in
their pool giant peaches I'm trying to
eat it talk life something we're gonna
go somewhere else I don't know guys it's
11:30 the balls dropping in 29 minutes
bro my balls dropped a couple years ago
New Year's kisses anyone know like New
Year's kisses anyone in the hell just
sir like and then like acting like
they're texting hey Logan I'm still down
bro yo but I'm not it's just like a
brother thing you know maybe next year
intestinal incest easy so we made it to
this new party yo check out this view
this is why I love Los Angeles you can't
replicate this anywhere else so much
vibe right there
yo it's like 11:45 11:50 maybe 10
minutes kinda get a New Year's kiss how
do I look how do I look how do I look
they look good no all right we still
gonna rock it though yo
five more minutes until you
it's really loud in here five more
minutes until the balls drop find a girl
who you knew you I got it I don't have a
New Year's kiss
just 50 seconds left you have a new job
Oh baby
there's 35 seconds left yeah are you
down thank you are we gonna do this Bob
no 2017 year if you image maybe Tokyo to
yawn we're coming for you baby
Kristen Happy New Year I just put my hat
my god yeah
Jake haulers I got a New Year's kiss
have eyebrows my boy that's a month
brother cuz 2017 cannot wait what is
going to happen or not right no idea
2015 was the craziest year of both of
our lives and we are I feel like we're
just getting warmed up in this life we
are getting warmed up we want to say
thank you thank you to all the Jake
ballers thank you to all the low gang
everyone who supports us as brother they
do so much literally means the world we
love you and tomorrow starts the first
day of Tokyo 2120 training yo-yo we're
crazy bro if you set your mind to
something you can do it and do it Tokyo
2020 be ready cuz 400 meter 100 meter
watch out watch out you're an Olympian
and you're watching this just how we I
play in Sun and also I can subscribe
it's everyday bro Jake ballers I will
see you tomorrow
push
