yoyoyo if you're new here my name is
Jake Paul and this is my channel
I'm currently 19 years old I live in Los
Angeles with my friends team 10 I'm an
actor and a couple of movies and on
Disney Channel and I make videos online
for you guys but there's a lot more to
the story and today I'm going to draw it
out for you I'm going all the way back
to day one actually my artist friend
Thank You X is going to draw it out for
me because I suck at drawing like how I
can't even draw stick figures and
without further ado drumroll please
thank you my parents made it roughly in
1996 nine months later I was born on
January 17 1997 in Cleveland Ohio my
parents named me Jake Joseph Paul and I
was a savage from day one rumor has it
that I tried punching my doctor in the
face when I was born my parents names
are greg paul and pamela stem nick they
already had another kid named Logan Paul
so this made us brothers and he was
older by two years
Logan was also a savage and I spent my
whole life with them basically side by
side my parents are the reason why I'm
at where I'm at today my mom gave me my
nice and caring side while my dad gave
me my manly and hardworking side my mom
was a nurse growing up she would always
take care of Logan and I my dad used to
be in the army and then became a real
estate agent and then started his own
roofing company from the time I can
remember my parents instilled in Logan
and I a great work ethic and a
competitive spirit whatever we did we
wanted to be the best at and we had the
work ethic to match that we grew up in a
house with a massive backyard and front
yard and as a family we would always
adventure go into the woods ride
four-wheelers and play sports my brother
and I would always train and work out to
become better at playing football when I
was about 10 years old I started playing
football my local schools League not
trying to brag but I was the best player
no big deal definitely not trying to
brag I would score touchdown 33% of the
time I touched a football bouche mode
like any kid I wanted to go to the NFL
and I had the chops to do so my dad
Logan and I would train all the time and
push our limits to become better
athletes Logan was also really good at
football and made me work harder we
would always see who could run faster do
more push-ups and so on Logan if you're
watching this make sure to subscribe
always plug anyways right around this
time my dad bought my brother and I a
camera so we could record our football
games watch them back and see how we can
improve my mom would be the filmer and
she was also our biggest fan and our dad
was the head coach of our peewee league
team football aside Logan and I took the
camera and started filming random stuff
we did around our house eventually this
turned into us making skits and scripted
videos while all of this was going on
this thing called YouTube started to
become popular along with some people on
the platform we started watching YouTube
videos as our form of entertainment
after we came home from sports around
the weekends our favorite channel was
called Smosh at the time they were just
starting out about 7 years ago
we love their videos and wanted to
create our own channel so being the
savages we were we did and we called it
Zoosh goddammit Logan what were we
thinking it was almost the exact same as
Smosh we kept on playing football and we
kept on making videos in our free time
these videos were so bad actually some
of them are still online if you look up
Zoosh but at the time our friends
thought they were funny and we thought
we are hilarious so we kept them making
them and uploading them trying to gain a
ton of subscribers in the meantime my
parents had started fighting and
eventually got a divorce this was a bit
of a hard time for Logan and I but at
the end of it it taught us a lot about
life and we figured the two Christmases
are better than one my dad remains
single and my mom remarried which is why
her last name is stem Nick by the time I
was in middle school as you can imagine
I was the class clown always causing
trouble making jokes and I couldn't sit
still
I didn't like school I still don't in
eighth grade our class would go on a
trip to Washington DC at the end of the
year it was the highlight of the year
you got to travel with your friends and
stay in hotels and visit all the sites
but you couldn't go on the trip if you
had 15 behavior strikes by the middle of
the year I had 14 so I became a good kid
for the rest of the year and got to go
on the trip sad but this time in my life
I was really into girls and was about to
go into high school Logan and I stopped
making videos and focused on football
and wrestling as a freshman I no longer
wanted to go to the NFL football just
wasn't as fun anymore and wrestling
seemed to interest me more I made
varsity wrestling as a freshman and got
to wrestle on the varsity team with my
bro I got destroyed as a freshman by the
older kids but wasn't discouraged that
summer I got my driver's license and my
first gun it was a lifted all black Jeep
Wrangler it fit me perfectly my brother
and I started a landscaping business and
worked for $10 an hour we would grind
all day every day and eventually had a
ton of clients it was hard work but we
were able to pay for our gas and take
girls on dates from it savage I came
back my sophomore year of wrestling
after training every day in the
offseason and was one match and one
point away from making it to States and
in Ohio that's a huge accomplishment
after wrestling season I found myself
lost I didn't know what my future looked
like I didn't know what I wanted to do
this went on for a couple months until I
found out about the Navy SEALs
it was everything I loved hard work
mental toughness guns fast vehicles
competition and doing something with the
purpose serving America I decided I was
going to train to be a Navy SEAL for the
next couple of months that's all I could
think about and do until summer came and
Logan said to me we should start making
videos again I was so down and so we
began Zoosh again and started posting
YouTube videos we only had 3,000
subscribers at the time but loved what
we were doing I was 16 at the time
randomly two weeks later I was on
and saw this app called vine had just
came out I downloaded it and immediately
started making these six-second videos I
loved it I told my bro about it and he
loved it too two weeks later we got into
a competition of course on who could get
more followers so here we were in the
middle of Ohio spending hours making
these six second videos and they were
good and started to get some recognition
eventually one of the videos that we
made went viral this was the biggest
thing that happened in our video career
my bro gained 5,000 followers from it
and I gained about 3000 from then on we
kept making videos we were basically
local celebrities our thousands of
followers soon turned into hundreds of
thousands and eventually millions at
this point I was still training to be a
Navy SEAL still wrestling still
landscaping and about to go back to
school for my junior year except my
brother had to go to college and I was
going to be all alone and had to make
the videos by myself and so did he we
missed each other and often tried to
visit each other whenever we could the
followers kept growing and eventually
people from big companies started
calling us asking us to promote products
for them or to feature them in our
videos and so we did along with that
came money oh my gosh I realized that I
could make money from making videos this
was amazing I didn't know what to do
except freak out the companies became
more frequent and started to become even
bigger deals eventually I didn't have to
landscape and I bought like four pairs
of LeBron shoes which at the time was a
lot people started to come up to me in
public asking to take pictures I was
making money and having fun it was like
a dream come true it got to a point
where I would go to wrestling
tournaments and the competition would
ask to take pictures with me or be
freaking out sometimes though they would
film me if I lost and posted on vine
talking that smack talk the videos just
made me laugh though the bad part about
all the fame and money is that attracts
haters people in my school the kids that
I grew up with started hating on me they
would talk so much smack and tweet me
the nastiest
at first this really upset me and it was
hard to deal with my mom would see the
haters and call their moms and yell at
them love you mom
eventually though I realized that they
were just jealous and that was their way
of expressing it I realized that they
were living in a bubble and didn't have
big goals or aspirations I knew that I
could turn my internet fame into
something massive and so that's what I
set out to do
I finished my wrestling season and knew
I was going to move to Los Angeles I
wanted to take the next step in my
career and Los Angeles was the place to
do it except I was 17 at the time now
hadn't finished school and didn't have
anything planned for myself in Los
Angeles I had to convince my parents
that this was a smart move and to go
into online school I also was going to
drop the whole Navy SEAL thing
eventually they agreed and my bro and I
made plans and found a spot to live in
Los Angeles I had to save up all the
money that I was making from social
media to pay for my apartment and food
and Wi-Fi and all the things you don't
think about when you're a kid on my last
day of school I said goodbye most kids
were still talking smack and a teacher
even asked me what are you gonna do when
social media dies on my way out I just
smiled and waved they didn't understand
the vision I got on a flight the next
day and hopped off the plane
like Miley sings about love you maile I
was officially in Los Angeles with
nothing planned my bro drove there all
the way from Cleveland and his new
sports car and I met him at our new
place 17 and in Los Angeles with a lot
to prove I started grinding everyday
trying to make things happen I started
by going to acting classes improv
classes and meeting with anyone I could
this whole time I was still growing my
social media but I knew I wanted to do
social media acting and business I
started to book acting roles my first
one being in a movie called mono with
Fox then my next one with YouTube read
called dance camp and then my brother
and I sat down to write our own movie
called airplane mode which is coming out
soon it's amazing around this time I was
having the most fun I've ever had in my
life
Los Angeles was the best place on earth
and every day flew by into the next one
I bought a motorcycle and a Mustang left
me to run around Los Angeles I learned
how to do wheelies on my motorcycle but
eventually got into a crash and sold it
because it was too dangerous I also made
some new friends in Los Angeles which
was so cool because everyone hears from
the craziest places across the world
they all have awesome stories eventually
I decided I wanted to help other people
grow their social media following and
accomplish their dreams I went through
the hard part and made all the mistakes
and was off to the races so I figured I
could help others do the same
this is when I created team ten the
first ever social media label where we
found young social media influencers and
helped them go from thousands of
followers to millions
it started with Elissa and I then Lucas
and Marcus then Niels Visser and kept
growing and then Alex Long's joined the
team and then AJ Mitchell and then Tessa
Brooks and then Stan Gerrard's and then
we created a virtual team ten member
Donny red he has an Instagram that you
can follow a little Donny red and then
Tristan tails joined and now we're
growing more and more each month I mean
if you think you have what it takes to
be on Team ten you can always email us
at join at team ten official
anyways eventually while all of this was
happening I bought an off-road truck
decked it all out sold my Mustang moved
into a house with everyone on Team ten
wrote a book called
you gotta want it which is my saying and
then got called in to audition for
Disney's Channel's new show called
bizarre Park I walked into the building
and went up to the 23rd floor to
audition it was intimidating and
nerve-wracking this was easily the
biggest audition I've had so far
my brother said to me either come back
Dirk or come back on your shield after a
couple of auditions and beating out the
other actors I came back Dirk which made
me the first social-media influencer to
be a series regular on TV I remember
getting the call and just freaking out I
legit almost cried it was a dream come
true I film the first season of the show
already and we start filming season two
here in a couple months the other week I
got to do the infamous hi I'm Jake Paul
and you're watching Disney Channel with
the wand and everything I've logged that
day and have it recorded but our hard
drives crashed and I'm still trying to
get that footage back it's about to be
2017 and that's basically my life in a
nutshell posting every day on YouTube
acting doing business making comedy
skits for Instagram and laughing the
rest of the time if you aren't already a
Jake Poehler you better join the family
because we are just getting started in
2017 is going to be the craziest year
yet none of this would be possible
without you guys for that I want to say
thank you thank you so so much I would
probably be in the mud on a beach
training to be a Navy SEAL if it weren't
for you guys you guys allowed me to
accomplish my dreams and for that I'm
grateful
so go on Instagram right now and follow
me at Jake Paul for some follow backs
and Jake Pollard's make sure you're
subscribed and give the video a big
thumbs up because it's everyday Brad who
you
