be careful Jake Pallas what's good Oh me
we got testing here we got a house here
we have a sweatshirt here that's all we
got though and you're about to go to the
store to get supplies to do the 1000
degree knife thing yo I must stab some
stuff with a thousand degree night later
on we are going to announce the winners
of the giveaway by the time you're
watching this it'll be a Friday happy
Friday
go enjoy yourself you know hang out with
your friends I feel like me and you
don't have any friends you can just vlog
you're home to our life and then just
tests up exactly what I was saying so I
guess I'm going to the store by myself
Jake Pollard's let's do this thing Brad
oh if you don't know what the thousand
degree knife challenge is to basically
heat up a knife and me Tessa you came
who are these people
okay you want to do this challenge with
me I mean I guess we can do it all right
let's go though if you don't know what
it is basically heat up a knife with a
thousand degrees and try and like cut
through stuff so we're gonna try and
find stuff in this store that we can cut
through but uh I'm single I'm single I
meant I'm just shopping but we got a
balloon to cut through so that's cool
item two is a Coca Cola bottle no free
brand deals up for this one just make an
exception for this we're gonna do this
for an deal for free a CEO that's gonna
blow up or something you want to do
tampons yes we're doing this yes I have
something to tell you I'm pregnant
I'm not a gay are you a Jake Paula she's
not a Jake Paula okay like and subscribe
Hey she's a Jake baller it's everyday
well I can't believe how yesterday we
built a massive four in our house
it was so is like my dream come true
given scene yesterday's video it's
pretty awesome do you guys should go
check it out we are stacked up and ready
to go we got bleach watermelons bread
ham pineapples chocolate syrup
baby powder butter tide eggs peanut
butter and coca-cola and this balloon
pun intended but to get hot super hot
boy yeah may look it may look weird what
we're buying but it's it's fine for a
video he's we've got it Tesla you got it
are you a Jake Paul er no well you
better start don't subscribe to me right
now when you get off of work just go
home type in Jake Paul on YouTube and
you'll find me there always plug peace
up store I'll see you next year
literally in like two or three days
because Japanese leopard no no all right
I was doing my little joke thing over
there and this man asked for a shout-out
welcome to a blog and I see you later on
hey my man is a Jake taller you're like
it's a job my opinion my man he's out
yes my boy it's my boy what's poppin you
came to our door you should point TV
from be trimming a moron here in
California man my boy you're a rapper I
got some stuff bro people are watching
let's go come on CD eat salt flip bridge
while on program just ahead of Tweel you
know what that is is fo six I'm off the
bench I'm in the game four point game
what Hey Oh getting a whole lot of creep
like stars I'm little late but you know
y'all are being living it right doing it
big oh yeah that's good boom this is
freestyle man like right now I ready
it's my turn Jake Paulus for life we're
about to do a thousand degree night
we're chillin I'm flying high like a
kite we do this at night cuz it's too
bright during the day that's all I gotta
say I'm not a horse I don't eat hay I'll
be making that Bray I'll be getting this
every single day
thank Paula's make sure you subscribe
and do it every single day we don't do
it til we die I got
man here he's wrapping his booty
clapping oh hey I'll see you guys you
know named Detroit that's right all
right let's do this challenge bro we got
all of our stuff that up here Knicks
back from the UK hi Nick
Tessa's ready we got the knifes heating
up look at that they're like turning
bread savage we're gonna do we're gonna
do the chocolate burst in the sink this
is gonna create such a mess also don't
try this at home guys it's really
dangerous with the hot knives so if
you're gonna do it make sure a parent is
with I'm just kidding do it kids do it
it's completely fine it's just a little
burn Oh
oh my god yo it's gonna smell so bad
yeah oh it's like burning it smells so
good
they cut through so easily they're just
like I'm gonna cut nothing got the
tampons next yeah what are these how did
you work this thing you put up your nose
for oh not too much yeah
oh that's nasty oh it smells oh my god
come on Joe this is actually not said if
champions in your eyes this my eyes
won't bleed eggs what it's cooking the
eggs the always frying egg oh it smells
so bad bro all this smells terrible
anyone want some breakfast sambal ohh
but ER this one's gonna be so sick yeah
oh my gosh sheds I love this one
I'm gonna make me some buttery toast
yeah I'm sorry spongebob oh it goes
right through
oh my god it smells amazing oh my god
it's like Coach pineapple that's crazy
sorry spongebob I love you all right you
got the coke ready be careful no it's
corny everyone oh my god not gonna lie
shake it up your savage sorted like all
the way over here and back in our ham oh
they wanted to cut through it this is
nasty Oh what alone it cuts so easy one
thing that we learned about this
challenge is that it smells so bad it's
like giving me a headache just from the
smell it's nasty that is it for the 1000
degree challenge guys giveaway winners
about to announce those all right so I
did some hard studying I scoured the
internet I made sure that everyone was
subscribed and retweeted the tweet and I
also and so now going to announce the
giveaway winners let me pull out my
handy dandy sheet of paper oh did you
see that now you did it
okay so winner of the make this stuff
right oh that's right here winner of the
iPhone 7 is Sam soltani from Orange
County congratulations Center the winner
of the Go Pro is Becca Ginyard from Reno
Nevada congratulations Becca
the first one plus which is an Android
phone goes to Pat for life at Pat
underscore for underscore life Patrick
from Visalia
good job Patrick and the behemoth the
iPhone 7 plus it goes to keep you
waiting and waiting osme√±a he goes to
Chantal and free from North Carolina
congratulation Gentile Pepe no whoever
got this one was lucky and the last
phone the one plus the second one plus
goes to Nova gamer at YouTube nova gamer
he said he didn't have money anyone this
one so hey got you bro and jake
Pollard's remember I'm gonna be doing a
giveaway every single month so the
chances are increased the giveaways are
getting bigger every single time so stay
tuned for those right now I have to go
to the gym and do acting class but it
has been awesome hanging out with you
guys today I will see you tomorrow
I have a special vlog for you guys if
you aren't already subscribed to it now
and I will see you later it's everyday
brush
