yo I am actually so happy that we pulled
this off
guess come on are about to turn this
house into a giant fort fort you say
like Fort Knox
this is about to be so dizzy are you
ready we're getting blankets and we're
gonna tape them to the walls we turn
tables upside down we also have this
popcorn machine to put inside the fort
we got new Wi-Fi the four is gonna have
the best Wi-Fi look at this bro looks
like it's from Tron Netflix and fort I'm
down if you haven't been to my channel
before I'm Jake Paul this is Alyssa
violet this is Tristan tail we're here
in Los Angeles at the team ten
headquarters my fan base is called the
Jake Pollard's and we upload every day
bro I got my Disney shirt on represent
Wow and we are about to go to the store
and get the materials to turn this whole
place into a fork but but before we go
to the store don't forget about my
Christmas giveaway we got iPhones GoPros
Androids you know how we do it all you
have to do is subscribe and retweet the
tweet that is in the description let's
go to the store get some materials let's
do it
I also forgot to mention last night what
happened oh my gosh she cried we almost
died that rhyme but yeah it was actually
super crazy last night it's already five
o'clock we're starting this vlog late
because we slept in because we were up
so late I'm going to st. Bart's you guys
won't see me in these vlogs for a week
sorry alright let's go get some supplies
you
well we got a lot of sheets now last one
okay we finished making the fort we're
done it took us like two and a half
hours we added a lot of little add-ons
and we're ready to show you can we get a
drum roll please in three two one
coochi mind now you call me Gucci
yo I am actually so happy that we pulled
this off Tristan's live streaming this
for is amazing we're watching bizarre
bark we got popcorn thank you dad
providing this for me for Christmas we
got heaps off we got these cool hippie
lights and honestly it's like an EDM
concert in here
this legitimately took us hours and
hours to make and so much duct tape went
into this if making force was the
profession that'd be my job this was so
busy bro oh geez yeah we just invented
that word I want to give a big thanks to
Tristan and Tessa for helping out and
thank you guys so much for cleaning up
I'll see you guys later
you need to use a much bigger things
Jake Pollard's is everyday bro make sure
you guys are subscribed and don't forget
about the giveaway I'm gonna be
announcing the winners tomorrow if you
are still watching right now comment
every day full video squad and I'm gonna
be liking and commenting back to some of
your comments because you guys are the
true fans Jake Pollard's I will see you
tomorrow
it's every day bro
