hey YouTube just got back from the gym
um it is 11:40 at night and I am livid
because when I started these daily vlogs
I told myself that I would never miss a
day and I haven't missed a day yesterday
day I spent it building a whole entire
for in a house edited the video tried to
upload it all day wouldn't work so oh
why why doesn't upload the Wi-Fi hmm so
um here's our Wi-Fi panel hi Wi-Fi yeah
you're messing with the Jake Pollard's
you're going to get destroyed yes so the
Wi-Fi isn't working and I couldn't
upload a video but I told myself I
wouldn't miss a day so I'm not going to
miss a day you know cuz that's how the
Jake Pollard's do it and I made a
promise to you guys that it's everyday
bro so I am about to walk to Starbucks
but in the meantime I just had to you
know show this Wi-Fi why it shouldn't
mess with me
yeah I'm really I'm I'm quite upset
neighbors wake up you're gonna go
through this pain with me thank you
anyways
now I'm going to take this and go to
Starbucks and upload it I'm walking
there shirtless Starbucks right oh yeah
but make sure you guys are ready for the
video tomorrow
I built the really cool for you're gonna
get to uploads tomorrow actually yeah
hopefully this uploads before twelve
o'clock so I can keep my promise of
everyday Jake pause I'll see you it's
everyday bro peace
