jingle bells jingle bells jingle all I
know we let roll let's go Jake father
yesterday was lit today is going to be
more lit he agrees with me Jake it's
just a dog yeah but he knows it's late
we're gonna do try and jump in RVs that
what we're trying to do here that's what
you're trying to I'm trying to jump an
RV I don't know what's too baby
I think I just take the RV and run right
into a farm by the way this is my dad
killing it
we got my friend chance here hey we got
brother Logan Paul we got cousin Alex
Paul you got various the doggy you know
you got your boy Jake Paul so if you see
here we have this giant thingy majiggy I
don't know what it is but we got it
and it's got a v10 son what do you know
about that v10 life bro
I want to jump it I know and I think
it's impossible because no no the Magic
School Bus did it roll the clip the
Magic School Bus could fly we can jump
this thing you word magic this is not
the Magic School Bus it's not even
fucking yellow where's David Blaine at
when do you need them we need David
playing Alex are you gonna drive it
absolutely you look like a school bus
driver to be honest
now we're gonna jump in deal what's it
like inside Oh y'all up what just
happened it's crazy bro what don't wanna
scream what it yo
this is amazing it's like a home in here
we can have a full party you know what I
don't need your shenanigans oh there's a
bed back here who's trying that's why
look at this whoo I'm sleeping out here
tonight I'm gonna be out here if you
guys need me are you trying to nod it's
got a TV does it bump music though we're
trying to figure out today here we
observe two Ohioans trying to figure out
an mp3 look it's got a backup cam to
yo I had an EDM concert back there by
myself it was lit look who shot up yo
dick Boers I just decided I'm gonna whip
this yo this is so big and bulky Logan
stop going P we need to leave well we're
about the hick off but while Logan's
going P I'm gonna try and set up a cool
shot with this thingamajiggy here
ten-four we have an RV ready for takeoff
are you you're riding on top yeah yeah
I'll do that
well I'm gonna follow Eddie's fish I'm
literally gonna floor my goals to get
him nah I don't want to kill him
yo we should totally try and pick up
girls in this RV like the Lamborghini
like praying about it like we roll up at
y'all at the party in here ready all
right here we go yo it's so big yeah
nobody's gonna fall through the roof
Logan I wasn't up there bro
this is dope cuz my boys are savage let
him do his thing
my dad is driving now and we're going
down this main road with my brother on
top bro you're gonna go down this main
street up there I guess so oh my gosh
guys guys wait up
no this is not safe at all
yo I'm on the back of this this is so
not safe we're gonna go to jail oh heck
yeah bro watch your yo watch your head
on the power lines your head literally
just almost came off on the power lines
how you doing sir oh my god
I'd hope I could replay that clip and
see how it looks but my brother's head
literally almost just got cut off on a
power line and he's not even fazed look
at him your head almost got taken off
yeah
like lurch repeat look at this I went
full Savage mode and caught on to the
back though and climbed up while I was
going oh no everyone seems to be liking
it but yo this is where the power line
is back here you legit anything like we
need to dip down I'm gonna also show the
audience how close you were to dine bro
bro dip down get down
no no seriously get down you don't go
get up oh my god yo I'm getting down I'm
done yo now I'm just trying to go get
some girls in this thing hole and blend
Oh feels so good that was the dumbest
thing I've ever done in my life you know
that our heads almost got taken off by
these power lines oh my god you guys
would be looking awful no no you brought
your your son almost died so you're
gonna be a fault tree let's go get some
girls dad let's do this
you got a shopping mall guys put the
word out let him know we're coming
go shopping mall this is where the
ladies are going to be the goal is to
get at least a group of girls in here
and we have to all dance like it's the M
concert for this to be successful this
is the setup I'm out the side door
my dad's Manning the driver's seat and
Logan you got the passenger seat bro we
got this covered yeah and the door is
already propped open for anyone that
wants to come in 100% we're going to
kicked out there's not a doubt in my
mind they were throwing a party on this
bus if you guys want to join it's about
to be lit come on come on
they weren't loaded they weren't voted
ladies I see you we're going a party
give it grandma I see you come on in
you're never too old ladies I know you
have a boyfriend but we're having a
party in here come on in it's fine let's
go for the party let's go oh this is a
boring ride you got to get on the cool
one come on yo what's up rose we're
throwing a party come on
hi no come on let's go we uh we have to
girls get on ball
we all have a part come on come on going
on a party let's go come on
Oh
go in the party
come on everybody everyone welcome if
you don't have any friends for Christmas
you can come on this party bus
this is amazing
we're only up so much traffic look at
all this traffic these are adults are
just looking at it they're flabbergasted
that be like that vocabulary don't you
yo I'm gonna be real honest with you
guys we didn't think anyone was gonna
get in here I don't know but but we're
here now oh what fun it is to ride in a
one-horse open sleigh hey yo this is so
much so savage yo dig here bro bro what
do we do not even in the bus anymore
it's just a party bus not a snack yo I'm
gonna go shopping I'll see you guys
later
so that was cool um you know maybe go
Christmas shopping the day after
Christmas the sales are gonna be great
yeah yeah it's crazy no one have it can
we actually talk about how ridiculous
that was like we didn't think your
little war up in like 30 seconds yo look
at they're in this parking lot just
chillin now they dipped out full savage
yo is this a party bus over getting
kicked out
are we getting kicked out I'm boom boom
there we go
just filing out so many people know it
right up hey guys we're at the Sprint
we're gonna have to sprint all right I
mean yeah I am training for the Olympics
so it's fine guys guys wait up guys wait
up wait up guys
I thought they're gonna leave us go whoa
yo we murdered
yo dad we did it
yo high five bro we killed that
Christmas I didn't think that was going
to work for one second so the real
question is are we still trying to jump
this thing I'm fluent what if you're
down I just run into fire I know you
want to run into a fire hydrant
no you won't run into a fire hydrant
you guys cover all the expenses we're in
oh my god I'll do it right now
absolutely not I was thinking about it I
need my brothers help I was down yo cuz
here's this it's not use the RV it's
like oh you broke a city fire hydrant oh
that wouldn't catch us not only are we
posting this on the internet but we're
in the biggest RV in the city right now
Wow kidnapped 20 kids all hundred
percent wood cat my name is carlos
hernandez Onegin SBA's fine alibi names
always worked all right going to get ice
cream
um guys is anyone gonna close this door
no just leave it open ya know just fine
it's a party bus anyone's welcome I got
this here ice cream it's so delicious
with the dad Cheers
that was so successful user walk you're
still rocking this wagon cuz I look good
you look so good it's not know how women
eat with opponent
yeah yo we got respect for you girls out
there right you know the fight is real
man we love you you ask him up there I
go I got you bro yo yo my boy is rip
this bad what is this
no he just fully ripped his pants yeah
bro where are those jeans from Walmart
Saachi
those are Versace geez
yo I say you just rock it oh I'm going
there was no question I'm gonna rock yo
I got this food I'm so excited to eat
this right now I'm gonna go up there
with my brother Logan Paul hey we're on
top of this RV my hair in the world
on top of the world we destroyed it
today
Logan mop my boy Logan to savage oh so
my dad dad dad my boy chance ripped his
pants I don't want it you're telling me
there's a chance rip spins go I don't
know how but it happened fast Chan Chan
swifters man a chance rub his pants in
France in French oh it's everyday crook
make sure you guys like and subscribe
Ken the Jake Pollard's get this video to
forty three thousand six hundred and
eighty four likes very specific I'm
analytical
we're picking up girls in our visas
greatest thing ever let's go we're
throwing a party
