oh hi buddy hi God what time is it
yo it's Christmas look at love you wake
up it's Christmas time
Logan huh oh yeah oh yeah it's Christmas
time look it's Christmas
floette Sheldon I'm sorry what are you
doing very good all right
I love Christmas I know it's Christmas
oh my gosh look at all the snow Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas dad look at
this tree yo we have the best tree ever
oh no way wow those ornaments from Logan
all these presents this is going to be
the best Christmas ever
let's go people Jake Pollard's I hope
you have an amazing Christmas too
welcome to my life bro in Ohio we got
this handy dandy fire here we got a big
old backyard this is where I grew up
now you shut up we know it's Christmas
already this is where I grew up and did
all of my activities and today I think
we're in a colossal chaos back there I
swear though if I get one more text that
says Merry Christmas I'm a freak out I'm
a freak out well I'm a freak out Oh Oh
Greg Paul is hustling every day bro just
like to take callers cuz it's everyday
bra for Christmas I'm giving you guys
all of this stuff just hat you you just
have to subscribe and retweet the tweet
that's in this description down here if
you donate one dollar today on this
Christmas you can save Vegas from
barking all it takes is one dollar
I'm just gonna make it so you're fine
you're fine buddy look at him he's a
savage go yeah I can roll over to for
food I want a waffle I want a waffle
hard ain't it chill bro let's get this
Christmas started that dad I'm so happy
that you guys right here
ha all right we're ready to do Christmas
the right way yeah a dad I got you some
presents Logan I gave you yours
yesterday I sent you guys yours in the
mail is that yeah yeah yeah we got a
popcorn machine and you get popcorn mix
premix on the way that's all I want but
we're gonna do a Paul brother family
Christmas it should take like one second
to open up all the gifts that we have on
underneath this tree it's gonna be a
really adult in time yeah I love
Christmas I feel not good you're you're
it
yeah okay no you go bro I'm gonna start
walking everybody look at what you need
a camera though I this is preparing to
start yeah you don't need that it's got
the tripod all right dad now I got you a
gift
and you know it took me a while to pick
out Jake Pollard's I don't know if you
remember watching this I scoured this
whole entire store find this item that
I'm about to give my dad yo all right
ready
here it is yeah yo I got that for you
you know I saw this I saw you throw this
in a basket and I thought you were just
goofing around because you know I'll
know who really were yeah no no it's you
won't worry oh yeah you look so good you
look so good dad
this is real chinchillas or something oh
yeah straight from the woods he's gonna
get you and Pete is gonna kill me I got
it baby
yo good I love believe it or not that
jacket cost $300 I know they say so yeah
I saw that in your vlog but I feel you
weren't supposed to watch it I thought I
literally said in there I said if you're
my dad or mom and you're watching this
stop watching I didn't get you're for
real us I mean good shot for my family
guys family if you're watching this
watching otherwise you're gonna know
what I got you so don't watch any
further no that's the one you know my
dad's gonna love this
yeah it's great at least he's watching
every single day so like and subscribe
yeah you're already taking it off
it's so nice I don't want to wear I'm
afraid baby so messy yeah you don't want
to ruin it oh yeah wait so dope I can't
wait to wear it Merry Christmas dad
Christmas women are gonna love it yes
Thank You Jay I got you I got you
t-shirts and shorts nice yep I got you
some underwear huh yeah you know these
Calvin's I know we were ever ever
commies but I'll give these a whirl
yeah you got to try it out you know miss
Carmody what is he what I'm 15 or 12
years old he's 15
it's what the ladies like man okay that
just wait bro wait til I give you that
gift over there gonna tell you looks
like a paper towel don't touch it it's a
gift it looks like a paper towel but
it's not I'm telling you our Christmas
is going by so fast yeah there's only
one gift left my brother here just got
my dad a present which was paying for
his medical your front door dog this dog
won't shut up
yo that's so nice of you bro thanks bro
yes that is like fifty seven thousand
dollars a lot of money I really didn't
think it was that much money I thought
it'd be a lot less it was crazy cuz when
I woke up they're like you have to buy a
Harley just add that in there yeah yeah
he doesn't even know how much they are
all right dad yes so Logan got you that
and so I was like yo you need some fun
stuff too right you know I got you this
paper towel why don't you go why don't
you do I just ran out of paper towels
yesterday bro check out that paper towel
oh my god dude its poor look at that
that will soak up so much water yeah
it's just like the the Paul Bunyan one
what do they call the brawny yeah yeah
Patel yep
man yeah we got the other side you did
good $4,000 of man shit oh yeah whatever
you want
spend $1,000 on it hey why'd you Thank
You Jake I got you then yeah you if
anybody wants to buy a dog he's really
cheap today he's going cheap
what is it $5.00
you know what give me ten and go to
charity anyway well looks like there's
no more presents under the Christmas
tree so you know what time is it it's
time to get pop we're about to take a
full savage mode Ohio style I'm talking
four-wheelers
I'm talking motorhomes I'm talking Logan
Paul here I'm talking plaids potato guns
explosions nothing bro we're gonna get
it going
are you ready dad
oh you're messing with my girl totally
fine oh yeah that's right manliness oh I
saw you read my text but no reply
totally fine
yo let's shoot this potato gun die
potato not today these things launch you
put hairspray in it and then it ignites
and send stuff shooting out of the tip
that was accidentally sexual my
apologies
you're putting an apple here starting
out with an ample whoa ah he's putting
my he's putting hairspray in the back so
that's flammable and then I'm gonna
launch this
no sit let's go - good good good oh my
gosh
this is dangerous kids Wow haha ready go
three two one
ready go three two one oh so madly
alright guys Logan you got it go chill
chill chill - right Paul bros manliness
from the paul bros everything about this
we're like hillbillies dude no we're not
we just when we come here just we come
yeah it's fun you gotta be hillbilly for
a second you know every works
everyone's cunt maybe lock the door
internal everyone got longer country now
oh my god I'm gonna wear my cowboy boots
and go to Jason oh my god here we go go
ravioli Matta Bing
yo that was nasty you just saw them
shoot ravioli out of the potato gun and
I think it cooked it yes mouths like
it's been cooked Yama we'll find a piece
and eat it I'm a test out this ravioli
Chef Boyardee son I'm looking for some
ravioli look at that got some ravioli
right here yo it's so good huh
let's go go you're gonna have fun you
guys are chefs bro what did you do to
that you had some special ingredients or
what it is time to break out the
four-wheeler put a sled behind it tow
the sled and whip all around this place
this is my personal favorite I'm so
excited for this right now also my
brothers in the circus
she's all fired up we got this slide
here which we're about to pool behind it
I got this sick nasty GoPro shot yeah
you got a rope it's gonna get dangerous
let's go go did somebody order some
doughnuts this ain't gonna be no way
you're filling me i met your friend like
all the time hoping i can still appeal
thank you she be on my mind something is
it illah me that wanna be the bill play
look at this doughnut my man talk about
that strawberry cream cheese filled
donut jelly everything let's go
hey baby did you call he's gonna die
hard bro no oh my gosh
he died hard again Savage
it's getting dark outside we would have
whipped the RV by thing we're gonna do
it tomorrow what do you guys think the
RV tomorrow is weird
yo I want to jump that down boy boy
you know we jumped a limo this is a
whole nother beast
yeah and 12 times more expensive yeah so
no way no I think we can get it off the
ground I don't know we'll see tomorrow
if you're subscribed you'll see us jump
that tomorrow bro I think that front
windows just gonna crack when it lands
take the whole thing the whole frame is
gonna cry it's fine it's fine let's go
inside my bro pooped his pants bro you
need some diapers that's actually not
whoo mud ah not on the leaves I need to
clear my boys'll my dad has $1,000 of
man shit to buy man that's just so much
fun I can't wait how many new ever start
my brother and I wrote on us toboggan
yeah let's cool that's fun time good
time with my brother today has been
awesome maybe we have an awesome blossom
please extra awesome don't forget about
this year's we've got Christmas giveaway
that you can win some of this stuff and
someone's gonna win this dog because you
came back I hate you uh-huh you want to
make out at least buy me dinner first
Jesus Jake pong you just spent a
Christmas with the Paul bros merry
Christmas to you and your families why
you always got a dumb face on bro I just
got my wisdom teeth autumn does not
excuse call me ugly huh I'm not calling
you pretty we love you guys no I'm not
am i oh
he loves you if you're not low gang I'll
give a shit on this one Jake pauses you
hit the heck out of my yo mother Jake
Pollard's bro
gangsta bro they don't mess with the J
crawlers blah blah blah blah blah make
sure you give this video a huge thumbs
up your video bros all I want for
Christmas you guys want to get me
something for Christmas it's a thumbs up
thank you guys yeah just give me it you
don't even got to wrap it up just give
me a thumbs up okay it's every day bro
