you're gonna like the way to look I
guarantee it oh my god morning Jake
fallers what's shakin it's nighttime hey
Jake callers what Scouten we're about to
start this vlog off the right way
slingshot eat guys he just hauled the
shopping cart Curt fly speed stupid push
sent that's good
I don't know I'm here but I am put your
walkabout son Jake pause because you
just clicked on the video and this video
just happens to be a part of the most
lit channel on YouTube hot
welcome back let's go a shining guys are
you good yeah I'm good I died so poorly
Oh
good night Jake Pollard's a little shake
and bake baby whoa that ledge is looking
nice
let's go are you down I told you it was
the Muslim YouTube channel on YouTube
you're probably wondering what we're
doing right now and all we're doing is
beat ballerinas living the best lives we
have but once again good morning Jake
bars or good night kind of switching it
up to date because little do they know
and little does team ten know that I'm
about to do one of the most savage
pranks and biggest pranks that I've
played on them to date I'm gonna tell
you guys about it in one second but if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
are the Jake Pollard's we are in Los
Angeles California and we reside at the
team tenth house let's go
hashtag team 10 baby that is the squad
the strongest squad on the internet guys
you just became a part of it and
basically I'm about to prank team of ten
with over 200,000 post-it notes guys a
little bit of a sneak peak here you go
oh my god however guys if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog let me get you caught
up to speed Chad it fell off of a ladder
and then randomly a zebra showed up at
the house then also yesterday guys I
played a little bit of a food prank on
the team Emily put tarantulas in their
in their burritos guys the reason we
came here is because we're trying to get
food alright two things right now first
of all Nathan bro
you're killing it bro oh my god wait do
the thing do the thing do the thing the
thing bail second thing guys are doing a
human drive-through
it's a caricature through hello this is
definitely a car her name is Rick and
she wants to McFlurry
scares me we may not look like a car but
we're definitely a car I weigh as much
as a car so yeah she she really hey yo
my Instagram game is killer bro we got
zebras we got Lions we got cute little
babies we got McDonald's employees we
got mini jigsaw okay guys we have a
slight problem though actually it's kind
of a big problem we Joe Chad's car here
it worked on the way here guys we
actually might be stranded here I want
to go home more than normal you wanna
make out I mean do you wanna oh yeah
girl friends hey what are you guys going
oh they're coming back I knew it you
guys go get in the car you convinced
them to pick me up because she just
wants to leave me she's not mad at you
guys I see we really leave down
in the car well at least we fix the
problem in the car started I have
another story to tell that okay listen
listen listen listen you all know my
friend Jack I met him in a vlog once
roll the clip oh my god he's here so
Jack lives in the UK guys and I his
birthday was the other day and so he
decided to send three groups of happy
birthday singers to his house this is so
muggle funniest footage that I've ever
seen bro she had no idea like what was
going on ever look what were you driving
with 45 minutes to get to Jack's house
to deliver
Oh auntie turn of voucher to spend
anywhere 1000
one hour later happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you
I've been asked to deliver this to you
from Jake Paulin at team time is this
the reason why I'm here this is the
reason I was wondering how this is all
obviously a surprise it's me again I
think that it's just a little present
from them is there explosives
such crazy was it what they said you get
them to film it he's gonna send that to
you yeah was it worth these three cheesy
singers it was I was honestly thinking
that you was gonna like follow me well
hope you have a good day mate thank you
happy birthday we love you jack hard
back at the team dead house and yo it's
time to get everyone to go to sleep so
that we could put post-it notes over the
whole entire
my
hi nothin's up we want to see Dan
everybody is asleep it's about to go
down except we have to wait a little bit
make sure everyone is fully asleep
BRB thank you guys it is posted no
everyone in the team ten house is asleep
we've got two hundred thousand posted
notes we got this squad of people here
and we are about to post it note the
whole entire team deadmau5 goes and then
when everybody wakes up in the morning
yo they're not gonna know what to expect
this is honestly like gonna be one of
the greatest videos and pranks that
we've ever pulled on anybody a team Ted
Nathan are you ready bro I'm so ready
just one note at a time guys one note
4000 years later
honestly we're probably gonna be out
like all night and I don't even know if
we have enough post and I was like
that's houses pretty big bro hey guys
guys what do you do is we take a fire
fire Instagram picture one hour later
two hours later a few inches later a few
moments later
Nadel yeah yeah yeah yep definitely yep
meanwhile 20 minutes later
oh it's a lifesaver
you know actually though a few moments
later Armani Armani he pretty doing bro
I'm making arts first we paid to be part
of them apart even paid then we build in
parties in the page that we painted we
bodies in the party repaid that we build
then we party so what is the sticky
notes has to do with this
sometimes you party that you posted note
that he post note that you parties any
parties in you know the devotion of the
departing it okay
peel post sticky no peel no 2000 years
later I just came up with the best idea
ever
oh my god no tell me I talk back bro why
don't we make a post it note song well
did you got because of course I got
befell hey guys if you don't know this
Nathan made the Saturday night song roll
the clip over to a decree of this
Saturday
Netflix and chill this Saturday
he made that beat yo yo you got a
microphone post-it notes on let's go
post-it notes post-it no Silas lay down
lay down pose dead
it's every dead boat ha ha oh yeah
post it no this way too many post-it
notes bro
we got posters for days I'd know I'm
killing as we finish the song and it's
time for the music video in three two
one
little post-it on the beach
let's get it poke it no no no bro
post it yeah it's everyday broke that
oppose alone two hundred thousand closes
roadside chase while I take no posters
though you know I love you Pinocchio
how funny isn't it that poster throw its
money runs press let's go let's go yeah
Erica is my accountant looking like a
post-it no my fluffy so sick shut up bro
bill post sticky no bill Oh
No
cow in the men tongue and bunnies posted
up and I take pic posted up I'm rich a
chick I compel up on the beat I compel
it be account she will post it doe it
whoop it's time to blow time to blow two
hours later guys it's like 3:00 in the
morning
first day we still have a couple hours
to go but I will see y'all in the
morning good morning Jake we stayed up
for a couple more hours and uh yo
absolutely savage in there guys everyone
is still asleep we're about to wake them
up a yo check out the postage
Oh houses that you'd like I'm actually
stoked for that but it is time to wake
everybody up to get their reaction Tony
come downstairs I have surprise for you
bro
what why honestly it gives the house
like a lot of spunk I don't have food
for you guys so you can go back to sleep
yeah
who did this it was not like it's like
six hours ago who's me oh I told you I
have a surprise for you
no it's lit you're gonna like the way
you look I guarantee it oh my god guys
it's time to clean up got yourself some
of the hottest birds the game as raikou
backslash static ball baby
join the everyday bro movement smash
that subscribe
now we'll see y'all tomorrow because
season up merch guys fans wait go back
slash take pop get it while you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
