are you gonna cry you don't cry mama
first of all yesterday was insane
probably like one of the best days of my
life
look mom we're matching I know Christmas
so I'm home in Cleveland right now oh oh
there's Logan there's no me okay yo okay
we're gonna prank Logan yeah we're gonna
make it seem like I did to his bird blew
away yo you have to fly mom's helping me
it was all her idea
Logan if you're watching this Logan do
you no no no you can't call you have no
no you have to put him in the basement
here's the plan in the basement look at
Logan's out there Lily wait wait okay
she's go down look at that's Logan right
there I'm starting his vlog I go go go
go in the basement
okay so we're making it seem like
Logan's bird blew away he loves his bird
we're gonna make it seem like the bird
flew out the front door so this is like
extremely evil oh yes like you just saw
he loves his bird and he gets so
paranoid whenever the door is open and I
absolutely hate it I hate his bird he
does it he wakes me up he doesn't stop
squawking and Logan thinks he can talk
to his bird so when he comes back and
I'm just gonna act chill and kind of
like let the I'm just gonna let the
scene happen all right so he's still out
there enjoying his vlog this is actually
so cruel one time my brother's bird
actually got out of the house and my
brother was freaking out started like
running around the neighborhood it was
the worst thing so I want to see what
happens like right now this is so cruel
of me he's coming he's coming
my cousins are helping me with it Jake
Pollard's this is a everyday bro you
know this I'm just gonna like act like
I'm gonna start my vlog with him though
we got me intro my vlog of course huh I
kind of want to do it out here yeah I'm
trying to figure out how I'm gonna like
make it seem like his murder I know I'm
just gonna like act I think all right so
I have this back door open he's like
suspect he's like Marty understand
sonmi so unto me Oh yelling boy yeah oh
my god no longer
well well Oh Christmas mercy
maverick flu no we need shoes boy go
where is he where is he boy probably
flew out the back door but honey I
didn't he didn't he do this before that
is that him oh that's him right where
that's him
is that his noise yo what happened what
does happen my words fool
maverick bro I was in the kitchen that's
him
let's get bras in the kitchen and I
think Taylor someone one of our cousin's
had the back door open and he just flew
downstairs like he always does but he
just went outside
yo this sucks you know my heart is
pounding do you think he's gone yeah
probably just flew right out can you can
you say who do you want me to look out
for him
what did I don't know what he sounds
like
I thought those other ones were him no
this is working so well right now I
didn't think it was gonna work this will
he's totally falling for it and like
there's other birds out here like making
noises so it seems like you would be out
here and so it you'll Jake Pollard's bro
do you know how good I am at pranking
people but I'm not even a prankster bro
yo yo I saw him yo come on hurry hurry
we have to run with the run hurry I'm
just like dragging this out now yo come
on yeah come on he is like legitimately
sad right now but he's so heartbroken
it's beyond no hurry he was there it's
down here wrote this do you think bro do
you think he'll like you like he will he
come back
yo you see us to go I don't know what
he's seen go low get low I saw him down
here look bro a lot of rest I let a song
in fluid flow the fly over here yeah I
think that's him right that's him right
that's his noise no why don't you do
those like subtitle things and talk to
him
yeah bro bro I have something to tell
you it's a prank huh it's a prank
Mavericks in the basement with mom yes
yes yo well I hate you hey Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas I hate you in
your pranks Wow cuz you've done this
before
run down the street bro you got Jake
Paul hate you do i well I'm dead right
now that was so successful I didn't
think it was gonna work
why not I don't know you were like
suspect you're like enemy here's why it
wouldn't work because the cousins you
had to rely on the cousins acting yeah
Oh got him hey I just got my wisdom
teeth out yesterday freaking was up for
an hour last night coughing from 5:00
a.m. to 6:00 a.m. this is how you this
is what's happened my mom's calling
mom's calling hey mom hey yeah it was
her idea the whole time I'm a straggling
now my take Paula subscribe hi Dre I
drag it it I drove it out dragged it out
I dragged it up for like five minutes
yo it's cold out here huh I'm a dog I
feel I'm sick I'm Jeong that's cute
buddy's thing is this is just the start
of the day don't you know like this is
the first thing that happen in the vlog
right yeah bro he's dead
yo you know how long I've been planning
this though always been a thing it's
been like a month it's been a month of
planning it was a muddler you I had the
idea for a month and you knew like this
huh this is this exact day yeah exactly
aunt Shayne it was like he went that way
bro I believed her they know she was an
actress I get I got her in on it hey
every bro I had black socks on I ran out
the house another all wet and I can't
put it back I'm truly sorry but yeah you
know I'll never let your bird fly away
we're gonna open presents with our
family
let's do so Logan employ
is our neighborhood kids to be in his
vlog there's AG so there's AG there
Union
yeah Sam minimum and this kid just
creaked my boy Logan he said it's very
fluent and longer than boys I don't like
that's not noise well the Jake parlors
that's right knuckle-touch
hey it makes you are you guys subscribe
though yeah make sure you subscribe give
this video a good bro they're your only
chance for your vlog to succeed Logan
this is my demo you watch his aardvark
oh yeah yeah yo now that he's gone um
yeah I'll pay you guys for being in his
vlog yeah that was the deal that was the
deal we worked out yeah how much was it
again a hundred yeah yeah just just just
to being his vlog okay hold on that's a
lot of cash I got some cash here all
right I'm gonna pay these kids for being
on Logan's vlog and then um and then
yeah we're just gonna unwrap some
Christmas be right back all right now
I'm gonna actually let maverick go
because he's ready he's really annoying
all right bye maverick
come on my buddy John display maverick I
honestly don't like you what does she
doing no he's so annoying Logan a - yo
aah game over cousin single yo he's so
mad he's still so mad we're supposed to
be opening presents it's Christmas Eve
that was so successful Jay Paul as we
killed it
yeah we killed it I got my brother and
my mom Christmas present but I forgot to
wrap them guys don't look just don't
look in this area over here I forgot to
wrap the presents sorry guys I know I'm
not a good family member also these are
my cousin's Sydney and Taylor say hi and
this is my aunt Shannon
Jake Pollard's right hey
main gate poly yes me yes portly me yeah
you hear that low gang ya hear that
located our family is all we're all
savages so just be ready for the
savagery yeah yep she's seconds that do
that ruin Christmas sir I'm sorry I like
it here um um Logan this'll this'll be
so you don't make things better I got
them yes I love it here get Rho I got
you a gift
yeah yeah just open it it's fine
yeah Logan just open it you wrap it yeah
yeah hopefully this will make things
better you know I really hurt his
feelings earlier oh these are late yo yo
I got those for you yay today he's my
brother
quick we hug oh we're gonna hug Oh Oh
pick a maverick in here to maverick
we love you Oh glad you're still here
buddy yeah this is so cute I took the
care of Jake I got you those shoes those
shoes sang tonight you can wear them and
do activities in the back end of long
division sorry my mom my mom got me a
gift I'm gonna open it oh it's a Mickey
Mouse t-shirt I'll hold it out yo I'm on
Disney thanks mom I just I can't get
away from the Disney thing lately it
just I just follow him here out of here
I like it though you know a little sup I
love you on Disney that'll you is that
all you got me no okay good because I
spent a lot of money on your gift a lot
hey hey your shirt says hey
don't say that yeah so people would come
up to you in the street say hey yeah yep
way to go yo is that a VR headset that
you got yo can I try it go yo you think
I have a girlfriend in this world
yo yo keep those glasses on then ro
you're doing good I love it in this way
are you doing good am I going I don't
know I was gonna ask you how you know
where you're going
easy easy easy Doug I have lots of money
in oh my god honestly might be better
for him to just stay in the hall yo yo
are you a Disney's are in that world who
do I got a snapchat yes is here bro it
was so nice it was a dope yeah if I put
them on do you think I'll be rich and
famous too yeah oh yeah don't need it on
my ex wine star fugly
I got another gift you gotta give we're
gonna unwrap it let's see what we got
what is this mom oh my gosh oh my gosh
what is it it's a it's a bird it's a
plane it's a shoes what's in the box
what's in the box also Jake balling on
it no you made it yeah all right I'm
gonna open this but open it oh no what
did you say oh my god go go go Oh easy
what did you just get you Oh same thing
I got you mom what did you what are you
wearing there's no it's a locket it
wouldn't understand y'all come on mom no
I think um I guess that's my gift bro
this isn't mine mom you bought that for
me it's my saying you didn't like it
it's a vlog like you wanna know this
Jake
Elvis it's it's not even the right word
I know she got she doesn't get her
understand we can cross that out so get
mom you know what I'm gonna I still love
you
it's fine I really like the Hat oh I
really like it
I really like it mom I really do this
you gave me the same kit like I told you
I told you at bottom for both you but
mom it's my feet oh no it ya know
it's not even the right saying I tried
yeah yeah no it's not working there
really I gotta tell you what Christmas
is going weird Christmas but our tree is
still fire though all the families here
this is great also look at look at my
old picture my own picture yo I was a
butt ugly look at Logan - Logan was
worse honestly oh this is me at Disney
and then we made it to that ish let's go
bro follow your dream is kid or don't or
just play xbox fine mom I'm gonna give
you your gift now Logan you can be a
part of this - I didn't wrap it like I
said I didn't have time I was Jake
Paulin um but it's a verb yo yo I
I went hard with this mom whoa whoa it's
real mom yeah I got it on Craigslist so
hopefully she doesn't like take it to a
dealer and like knob jockey I got at the
mall I love you yeah yeah you just
disregard all that that's the main gift
right there was in the box what's in the
box
who is Luis Bowie oh my cool then who is
Luis whoa something's in here yeah look
at that mom whoa it's round and it seems
really cool oh look a both oh my god
oh I got that for you
Oh
yes impressive J oh yeah I got you that
your suit Hey look at that people yeah
you're gonna be pimpin now you're like
all the rappers who have Louboutin low E
no way I'll see you ever talk about it
slowly-slowly oh you got it no that was
so expensive there was no experience my
heart hurts right now easy boom
Logan got my mom a bracelet too so you
just think this ruins all the moments
what's the map a V what is it no yeah no
I think interest all right pain is more
expensive everybody's smiling oh my gosh
you just very very ready
yes gonna let me have so many ready oh
boy can you oh yeah it's a bear you know
the whole thing you bought
oh you guys yo no one knows that brand
no one knows that brand mine's better
I'd better not ever yo you're balling no
I'm
Davidge so wait are you gonna cry you
don't cry mom drama if you can cry
that'd be dope yeah it's a mental view
yeah it's all of the views yo so this
bracelet mom yes I actually don't know
anything about it but I know it's suit
there's a real diamond suit are all real
diamonds
yeah and this is dope I think no knows
that brand though it's ceramic no one
knows that brand
bro bro people will just be like all
those are fake diamonds were you people
know what Louie Vuitton is wrist wrist
wrist wrist wrist wrist yeah we just
made a music video all right Logan got
me some 1 pound weights for Christmas uh
a koala suit and this sloth thingy and
this little mini shirt here and uh and
these mini jeans bro thank you so much
bro that was dope loves don't yo you're
my brother I love you thank you so much
no baby clothes to my brother you know
baby brother
I thought effort said that you're trying
to tell me something like that you were
someone else
right no I got maybe close to my baby
brother Jay hey he's honestly like the
worst brother ever you're talking I'm
standing right here bro
I heard everything you said yeah you
suck dude yo I don't want any of that
stuff yours hmm I got you a nice
parachute you deserve the Maverick
Franca's well I hope your heart is
broken not at all bro I'm saying is
think mama likes might get better than
yours yeah no one knows what that
bracelet is
I got a designer brands she's gonna be
poppin son grandma Joe you just got me
this yes you got me this clean proof
acne system are you trying to tell me
something he's just trying to tell you
got a face for the acne cuz join the
club bro hey hey I'm just a growing boy
Logan why you always end up naked at
family events bro put some clothes on 19
years you know this is what I do I can
make it do you like this I'm not even
mad if that's his thing with mattress
thing you don't say I got you bro this
is such a fun Christmas but I'm so
concerned because there's no snow and so
it doesn't really feel like Christmas
where's the snow mom I came here for the
snow oh well we still gonna rock it
though so our mom got us lottery tickets
I'm gonna scratch it off and act like I
won and prank Logan it's too easy
Oh 100,000 you win
oh no way
bro bro
oh there's $100,000 no I sure no no no I
swear we did you win scratch the bonus
area reveal a bonus number you're done
yes I'm saying I want $100,000
I believe this zero push no no no I do
know that you shook me that my bird flew
away this minute bro try to get 0%
cousin I don't believe anything you're
gonna say more yeah you love you never
again in my life
I guess gooses call me homie G peace
hangman's what's up finish unwrapping
gifts thank you so much looking for all
the amazing gifts I've got thank you
thank you for the sores I brought you
we're gonna go hang out with our dad
back Greg Paul the legend yo he's a
savage dog I don't even think the vlog
the Jay callers have ever met alright
what they're about the me all have never
met yo yo you got some no alright y'all
are missing out there by about to meet
him no it's chill I own ah he thinks
she's DJ Khaled all the sudden don't
blow yourself hey congratulations you
played yourself hey let's go to Greg oh
I should go to Greg Paul's house so we
gonna go to Greg Paul so I wanna see do
what the here at seat is let's go dad
we're here yeah boy yo come on i'ma hug
him for you let's see though the Jake
Pollard's haven't met you yet they
haven't no say wha oh you like my shoes
those are rockin bro yeah these are
Yeezys knows where those look good on me
yeah you would Rock knees I rock pretty
much anything I like the new haircut too
liked it not much to cut by hey did you
tell them that I had something to do it
yeah we we schemed the idea of of
letting maverick out myself
in this job how is he a part of it he
wasn't even there bro but we thought
about on the phone you guys will thought
of it yeah you know what really made me
believe it was cuz I went I ran badly
inside I ran back to grab my vlog camera
because I knew it like yo he's gone he's
gone at this event okay so I grabbed my
vlog camera and I was vlogging it and
you were or maybe in war but I didn't
hours hours D I was being like
nonchalant about yeah you really go you
vlogging I was like I mean I don't know
I'm freaking out the vlog guys guys come
on
yeah yeah savage bro oh so we're going
to another family event we're gonna meet
more of our family members and say hi to
Christmastime yay also dad you got a
Motorhome since when did you have that
well a friend of mine that went away to
camp for a while I left it for me oh wow
that's fun I don't know what that means
but you got a motor home now yeah so
we're here at our family right
look at everyone it's amazing and we
have this little girl here what does jig
say what is he doing here what did you
do on the show because what is he so
that's my saying yeah she's not she's
not a true says like I didn't know her
like oh here we go
yeah do it she's scared she's scared
it's fine mate okay I did I did it so
well she's like yeah you're pretty good
at it you know that you know the bizarre
bark thing - right she do it yeah here
we go
hey yo she just did it that was it good
yeah I'm busy loving my friend YouTube
prankster and I was like okay so I call
Greg and I'm like dude there's a there's
a story on Good Morning America about an
eight-foot teddy bear right now so there
everything was they said book house
animals yo bro it was so so we just left
it there but they said people kept
asking why is that why is that Santa
yeah yeah bro I hate that Airport TSA
guy
alaya I hate those yo they took my teddy
bear mom brush the piece Brody I'll
never let this live out or I'll never
let this die I'm pretty sure I can go
we're starting our own own airline
because we hate Delta change Paul from
all air we're making our own airline
it's official you're allowed to do
whatever you want cuz I have no official
training but I'm pretty sure I get no
qualifications all zero qualifications
if you're plain absolutely narrow the
flight attendants have to be so hot
right the flight attendant has to be
like oh we could employ Alissa pilot yes
and then Amanda Cerny Amanda Cerny
row this is a real airline whoa you know
what if they're really high that'll take
away from the fact that we don't know
what we're doing
you're right that was a heavy
distraction it's fine ball died but it's
fine you got hot flight attendant in a
late movie
so we're talking about how Logan are
gonna train to be in the 2020 Olympics
in Tokyo we want to go to Greece like
it's a race in the Olympic I think I
said this once my college before but
it's not a joke
for being like 100 percent series my dad
doesn't think we can do it oh no I know
you can do it your father would know you
make up your mind you're gonna do it you
know and you'll probably win I'm gonna
run for that I wanna make 100 or sprint
to 100 meter 2020 Olympic eight oh look
at me I can dunk in this basement cuz
look at that savage Savage your food
family and football but I'm just like
where's that Wi-Fi though yo who's got
the Wi-Fi is there Wi-Fi there's no
Wi-Fi bro
what is this how are we supposed to do
this post was the vlog really sir Wi-Fi
anyone have the Wi-Fi password no Wi-Fi
none of all right dad dad you look great
you look good dad
oh you gotta wait oh my god Travis
everybody here's a savage alright run
Jimmy your family photo with the kids
my hi everyone okay make up your even
vlog yo guys they have this thing with
just one person you can take the picture
you can just airdrop it to each others
you're telling me if I'm connecting you
can I see the pictures to the other row
parents always plotting 19 phones yo yo
yo the worst at us doing it wasn't
everyone what you know we're taking a
picture so little by everybody
why make sure you're like and subscribe
all right Jake Pollard's you're out here
just made it back to my dad's house um
we're just gonna chill maybe wake up in
the morning and do some savage stuff
right we have four-wheelers we got a tow
goes with potato guns spirit we have ah
the Hawks unicycles tomorrow is going to
be such a manly bro elbow grease good ol
high all day oh look at that see that
savage jungle primitive yeah start we're
starting right now so uh I will see you
guys tomorrow
Jake Pollard's can this video give
50,000 likes tap it tap it let's get 50k
let's get 50k likes right now Jake
ballers it's everyday bra poof oh yeah
don't forget about the giveaway though
two-piece
Oh
