good morning Jake Pollard's a we drove
two hours last night to where we are
right now and we have such an exciting
day ahead of us Logan how are you
feeling with the wisdom teeth no joke
I'm struggling man bro you need to take
your medicine I just eat it eight pills
down already you are - give me thirty
minutes I'll be running marathons he'll
be running marathons medicine fixes
everything
oh yes - yeah about that either better I
love you bro I love you too I got you
I'm gonna be yelling for Logan today he
can't yell yeah well practice three whoa
God who's gonna work out pretty well I
got him I think it's good that's my
brother
there's me Louis okay so what are we
doing you know what are we doing they
may ask we are in southern Ohio to
collab with Roman Atwood who if you guys
don't know I you know you heard you know
yeah yeah but yeah it's gonna be a great
class he is on the way to our hotel
right now and he's gonna pick us up I
think we're gonna go to uh I don't know
where we gonna go you were gonna shoot
guns yeah maybe just watch okay let's go
but all right oh we have to put pants on
um gotta put pants on yep there you go
whoa got the pants on and now I'm gonna
do one of those like cool time-lapse
things to show that we're still doing
stuff but yeah I'm just gonna do it like
the cool loggers do a few time left
Oh sick time-lapse I was GoPro episode
of are you ready you ready I think so
youngin already let's do this
bow I got more transitions where that
came from
just wait for it just wait for it bro
you don't know this transition life
driving to meet up with Roman right now
Logan thinks that he's trying to prank
us dude it only makes sense
I've been pranked by this guy so many
times he's like he's so good at making
it seem natural I don't think he's gonna
prank us dude I don't think he's gonna
prank us
I could be wrong I know he's like every
wrong I absolutely not you are wrong bro
sure we just yeah he's our boy but like
at the end of the day bro he's just on
ranking I was a prank super bro you're
right you're right so we just got to be
on our toes we got to be ready for
anything
yeah I'll scream for us yeah yeah I got
you let's see what we're gonna do I
don't know yo um so we're here we're in
the middle of nowhere just like natural
my job there's my buddy Spence
oh uh what's up yo here's here's what's
up no uh-oh Jake what bro yo he's got us
bro he's acting all
natural look at this we're in a shooting
range Jake Pollard's rough ID I know
that I love you cuz I love you cuz so
many guns
is this safe no no that's it
Roma mixture doesn't that doesn't mean
it's safe still so this is my once a
week signing my life away it's just a
weekly thing I am in heaven bro look at
all these guns oh my gosh Logan Logan
what are you doing oh I think I'm
vlogging but also a gun it's gonna be a
cool mind when you see BAE with another
guy when you see BAE with another guy yo
I want to laugh at your jokes but it
literally hurts bro hey hurt your mouth
bro
might be good can't touch it touch your
sides puffy just pick out your targets
of what you want to shoot at all right
Logan Logan cut is he good is he yeah he
signed the waiver it's fine look at his
face - give him a break yeah I mean it'd
be hard to miss it so you got larger
last night Oh roast session cook him it
almost looks like Logan dude got it you
have to shoot this yeah it does look
like Logan yeah yeah we're learning how
to shoot cool auto right now yeah video
class ah don't say I haven't I haven't
been to school in three years
you drop that eyes I dropped out of high
school you got no idea I should be good
at it I don't even know how to sit in
these chairs look how look how are you
doing this right now bro water shooting
you can go high in the shoulder high
from pistol grip here pull in any down
cuz as you're shooting you're into three
to five-second burst burn
go up is semi back skills which who is
that the course was that it oh yeah it's
been 30 seconds now and I'm having I'm
having trouble paying attention is that
a butterfly that's it
SM has 30 seconds and you could you two
be sure to fully automatic gun
congratulations kids
thank you both at the point shoot point
shoot no are you ready for this I just
think he brought us in his room and he's
not in the room with us yeah everyone
seems weird fine we're fine come on come
on shoot some guys he's up to something
something oh watch out yo oh man
it's about to get so real look at this
this is safe right this is safe
a thousand P Roman if if this kills me
my mom is gonna be pissed at you you
just stand behind it not in front of it
ah you could smart fun mom if you're
watching this I love you make sure you
like and subscribe too because I don't
think you're subscribed yet you know if
you don't know how to subscribe to just
I'm working huh yeah I try to get a
subscribe you ever done I just hit a
million she is all 1 million understand
no way nobody loves you more than me oh
love you mom she's not subscribed to you
bro that's what I'm saying hey that's
what I thought she cuz she doesn't even
know how to click the button she comes
back every day but she doesn't know how
to click the button
it's okay I still love you mom Romina
said he has a surprise for us
he just said he has a surprise for us
later I'm hoping just medication to make
my face feel better Oh
Braham Sona all right let's let's shoot
some guns you know I got a stop in a win
hey my lanta yo just got so real there's
like gunshots going off I can't even
hear myself I don't even know if I'm
talking and the earmuffs got me off no
uncased firearms behind this line it
looks like I'm breaking the law have
some guy I got guns baby ah life Roman
setting up throw up there so artsy it's
all about the shots kids yup
I'm going first era Libre ooh okay
alright good alright let's let's do it
dr. Bob I love you okay here we go
roll it from the movies yo I missed
three rounds boom
yeah it's really hard to talk trying to
vlog bro trying to block yep that drop
it down off at down bro that Roman bro
that's it own gun
I love the romance on friend
Oh God I was so I want to shoot that one
that one looks fun
yo No
I don't trust you no we got him no
chance comment dumb stuffing yo look at
these rounds we just we just went any
bra yo that was so dope you said you had
a surprise for us though that wasn't it
dude that guns that was just the warm-up
for today just to get your blood going
that's all Roman Atwood does it but what
is this surprise that's how you wake up
little gunpowder
yeah I'm just worried about the surprise
oh no it's a good thing I mean you guys
I have to spend the night here at Mount
Carmel East boys kill me fun I don't
trust this at all all right we're done
at the gun range and Logan and I are
gonna get you good bro no I'm not good
we already know don't touch it all right
so we're gonna go eat and um Roman over
here is gonna go pick up this surprise
that he has for us what does that mean I
don't know dog but you got he's dead
he's dead yes we'll just go eat and
figure out the surprises dude I'm not
okay with this right so you're gonna go
pick up the surprise you're gonna go
pick this up and then come pick us up
I'm gonna pick you guys back up all
right but I'll have a surprise with cool
cool cool let's do this so we sat down
getting food right now we're waiting for
Roman and his surprise I have no idea
what place a bet what do you think it is
I think it's like I feel like we're
gonna get like blasted with something
like a flamethrower or something I feel
like this might be like a giant animal
like I'm like okay I'm oh I would be so
happy if there was like a puppy no egos
in public he wouldn't give us a pup he
said it's our Christmas gift I don't
know I feel like a camel is perfect he
knows we love camels bye guys I guess
we'll we're gonna sit here finish up
eating and I guess we're just gonna have
to wait and see what this what this is I
don't know I don't know we would
Roman just face time to look and said
that he's on his way to come give us the
surprise whatever that might be I don't
know
oh alright so we're just gonna wait
chilling here for a second until he gets
here I guess y'all do real and the wait
begins
oh my bro no way oh he did not know he
did not get us over what yo guys
this is absurd so sir I've got the vlog
I left you guys in the car wait till you
see what just happened oh my gosh
Roman got us a limo for Christmas bro
you got us a limo for Christmas the Ohio
boys you need this oh my gosh
welcome welcome back home baby dude
thank you so much the best Christmas
gift I've ever gotten
it's actually uh kind of nicer than I
thought it was so it's why it's really
fly what are we gonna do with it um
that's up to you it's yours actually
yeah like it's your car so I'm just so
you know I will support you with
whatever you want to do this is amazing
oh my gosh look at this fully decked out
so much room for activities bought us a
limbo Joe does your dad always do this
stuff we're special what is yours
I bought it food that doesn't make any
sense Roman I'm Sam
that I bought and you can have yo under
the bus because no one's ever bought me
a car I'm gonna sit in it yo and we
thought we were getting Frank and he got
us a car
it's amazing yo where do we want to go
get in I'll be your uber easy I'm an
uber driver now guys I got a limo and
everything the question is what are we
gonna do with this limo
Jake Pollard's what do we do bro I don't
know Roman Atwood bought us a limo bro
peaceful savage he has no chill I'm
speechless throat he have no one's ever
bought me something so today please buy
someone a limo dude I don't know that's
I really don't know this is what I call
next-level Reeboks blanket my guests
deserve the best listen this is the best
room I'm gonna knit this
I'll admit this I didn't realize it's a
Cadillac like I got myself into that you
just saw I was like I'm gonna get these
guys a cool car and it happened to be
this oh we need to change the oil no no
you just had an oil change I think it's
just broke oh okay
rusty don't worry about that it's great
car okay thank you
yeah it's good I just don't want to die
while I'm driving it artists
oh you're in my shot Logan you ruined my
shot come on bro you ruined my shot oh
you want to know this I do know this I'm
blogging right now you want to get spray
paint we should customize it right just
like I said maybe you guys didn't like
the paint color yeah yeah no we could we
can customize it let's customize it we
can do whatever we want with it
put racing stripes on it it'll go faster
than yet five extra horsepower
oh this is the best day of my life
officially the best day of my life
here's the deal like we can just take
the car I think like the first thing I
had in mind is like let's go get some
Christmas lights it's Christmas it is
Christmas so maybe we can put some
indoor Christmas lights or outdoor
Christmas we gotta pimp it out pimp it
out are you guys and then uh there's
lots to do at my house if you want to
take it there let's go Christmas lights
romertopf who's driving do I get to
drive it I want to drive it we're
figuring out who's gonna drive yeah and
rock paper scissors is the best way to
do that cuz as brothers we fighting oh
right ready Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot oh no you get
to drive oh I would call Shotgun
normally but the back is probably better
right I mean it's a limo it's built for
I'm going in the back I'm going in the
back I'm so excited to ride in this
video yeah um can you take me to Walmart
please yo you got a woman yeah yep
I'm stopping to get food in the limo
nice parking job Logan you took up six
spots and yes we have eaten twice in the
past like hour we like food bros yo
but we just got that needy Taco Bell I
have a problem I need to see a doctor
okay so there's this site called famous
birthdays and it basically like ranks
how famous you are in the world and it
tells people your birthday right and
then it breaks down into States and so
you know me Roman and Logan we're all
from Ohio right so it gives us the rank
of the most famous people in Ohio and
it's awkward because LeBrons number one
Steph Curry is number two Roman had
words number three what are you doing
I'm number four and wait wait wait what
Logan's over fuck yo you washed-up
absolutely now you're washed up ha ha
now you Photoshop that no bro leave this
look at this you can't even fake that yo
are you mad I'm pissed
I double your following on every boat
but I'm number I'm number four in
Logan's five your Disney row what have
you done oh yeah
it's not about followers it's about
being famous broke and I'm driving them
yep here's your going key thank you so
funny he's number one
LeBron all in Steph Curry and then you
and then me and Logan you know I hate
everybody see it when it makes you feel
better I'm a lot older than you guys so
if you put yourself where I'm at in the
future gonna be wet you're gonna be
number one and two or we just so we
bought prop to pimp out the limousine we
have Christmas trees lights reefs duct
tape we're pimping this limo out
squad let's pimp it out come on baby
boom ah look at that that's a beauty
all right I'm gonna set this up and show
you guys how we're pimping this out on
this random persons car so cold a couple
minutes later and we got ourselves the
best Christmas limousine ever this is
amazing I like that I can adjust these
lights from inside the car we hooked it
up this is legit lights front to back
look at it
my goal Roman said that we can do
whatever we want with it so my goal is
to get air I want to jump it I want to
jump the limo somehow shotgun ha called
it
Romans gonna drive case you get pulled
over are you gonna be able to see while
you're driving this guy's taking a
picture we're gonna take a look it up he
loves Merry Christmas
yo this is the funniest thing we're
gonna get pulled over for sure no doubt
no doubt
Lowe's home improvement test this more
like Lowe's car and proof wow this looks
great
I feel I'm drawing something like Grand
Theft Auto yeah like the cheat code cars
okay sorry I can't see you because I
have a Christmas tree Merry Christmas
give you a voiceover actor bar good yo
you see officer I wouldn't hit the
person but I couldn't see the person
Merry Christmas
yo that's the street the tree the tree
makes it bro the tree is fine the tree
is good to go bro that seem good yeah
we're rockin it
besides I know driving to Romans house
now I am in the car all by myself
whoa but I'm whipping it look at look at
this thing go down the road oh this has
to be one of the best things that I've
ever done in my life so far so basically
we're gonna try to flip the car jump the
car and shoot the car I think we might
shoot the car plus I kind of want to
ride in Romans GTR secretly and his dirt
bikes and maybe bust out the
flamethrower I mean am i right
I mean that everyone wants to do that
you guys want to do that I want to do
that also freezing outside so I might
need to put on another jacket but yeah I
will see you guys at his house the this
is the dream house right here oh I'll
have one of these one day oh you can
have it now give my brother your house
cheers bro Merry Christmas
Logan you keep the car yo Nemo its Nemo
and Dory
I found dory wherever oh my gosh you did
I found dory
yes magical I just get the family vibe
by being here it's amazing oh this dog
is calm try that yo there's the
flamethrower
there's the flamethrower it's loose just
chilling outside oh my god why do you
just have a flamethrower just chilling
outside Roman zero chill turn it into
the permanent double like the ramp
double dude I'm taking it off those
jumps you'll get stuck super know if I
get enough speed you don't think if I
get enough speed
okay I'll film it yeah so the goal is to
get the car on two wheels I'm gonna let
Jake handle this one I'm gonna go for
this time we're gonna go in the car
thing I've never been so like like
cautiously excited yeah I'm excited yeah
I mean we're in the backyard you can't
you know top speed is you know with that
car you're only gonna get in the 30s
come down my side yard and hook it that
way is what I do
Delilah's I say we just go for it i'ma
put on imma put to go bro oh my god
let's just go for it yo alright I'm
scouting this out right now by myself he
has these little mounds so the move is
to go full speed at
with one half of the car and have it go
like this on its side I think it's gonna
work I think it's gonna work now that
we're actually doing this and about to
go for it and attempt the flip I'm
getting nervous
especially because I'm driving and
Romans life is in my hands that's like
10 million subscribers that would be
pissed at me alright
Logan you're coming with me like when
people were like yo hoses all brothers
I'll take that light because bro I
didn't know you're gonna come with me
I'm so honored you trust me with your
life right now obviously wall where's
Roman gonna sit he's not housing he's
coming bro oh okay thank God you only
have like a million subscribers that
will be pissed
yeah the Front's just gonna hit that
it's gonna like rip off the bumper I
don't know though I think I got it we
did kind of fat though yeah dude yeah yo
I got this what is wrong I got this
all right Jake Paula I'm on the GoPro
now but to put this on my head and drive
over this ramp
well if the airbag comes out it hits me
in the face I'm gonna be pissed
I'm gonna give them three honks this is
one of the dumbest things we've ever
done trying to flip a limo to get it
Jake Paul there was no speed where that
was bad start that was the bad stuff oh
here we go whoo yo Jay here we go whoo
doing else thing I've ever done
all right Jake Pollard's that was a
failed attempt round two I'm gonna get
more speed I'm gonna drive around the
yard and come ad at this one and I'm
gonna be on the driver's side now all
right let's do this all right I got it
this time guys
I got it forget about our well-being I'm
gonna bat ramp oh I'm gonna break it I
do for the footage I don't I don't do it
for my body all right I'm going in
putting my window out here I mean our
world bro this is it not now this is it
now you really hope my ill you all
really fast no get it get it get it oh
my god you were in the air it was okay I
let go I got air I just want to say you
can confirm that you have two wheels in
the air mission complete I have three
wheels off the ground they said it was
impossible
good we just jumped the limo playground
city bro I want to I think we take the
four-wheeler on the limo on top
yeah it's that's better such a big club
this is goals you think I can wheelie it
it would really you
I love this thing it's got a lot of
power I don't know Jake ballers but the
GoPro this and pop some wheelies so
that's what that's what I'm gonna do for
a second here
this is my life oh my god
yeah I'm so muddy I don't know why I did
that look not the easy oh my gosh look
okay so Logan parked the car here and
Romans gonna take this new toy that he
got he's gonna Spile dirt on this side
pile dirt on this side and we're gonna
ramp it with the four-wheelers and
dirtbike yo this thing is awesome by the
way congratulations so excited the first
to use it yeah yeah so it's gonna take
this four-wheeler
over this limo after Roman builds the
dirt mound over it I'm gonna jump it
hopefully I can get like three feet of
air for a picture this is super
dangerous
I'm muddy from doing donuts today has
been like one of the best days of my
life
Jake Pollard's it's everyday bro let's
see what we're gonna do here flirt via
food behind me you see a youtuber
dumping dart next to a limo
fact you know this is going to take a
lot of dirt to pile up it might be dark
by the time this is ready to go so just
bear with us bear with us
so this is what it looks like from the
inside of the limo
oh my gosh so the stage is almost set
check this house it's so dark out that's
the upper amp this is ridiculous
we're taking a dirt bike up there - ha
yo this ramp looks legit yeah but but
check to feel the roof we're not hitting
the roof you think we're just gonna get
air over it is so dangerous this is so
dangerous oh my gosh we're officially
done they're sending me up as the guinea
pig on the four-wheeler to go first go
do you want to go I'm over dirtbike guy
myself
yeah I'm a four-wheeler guy I'll get the
dirt bike you get the Quan let's just
start going over hi Jake ballers if I
die bury me inside the Louise store I'll
do this
Oh
it
Hey
you got a row man oh yo sketch sketch I
pulled it off little too close that was
awesome oh my gosh AK the backside needs
moved so you want to flip the car now
yeah absolutely
I think it's time man what what you have
do you want me to do it with you
yeah I'll do it with you it's my boy
we're gonna die together yeah yeah bro
we killed it
Logan's gonna try and drive this out now
this isn't gonna drive out are you
joking
alright Logan's let's see what you got
you got it Logan
all right you got it Logan four brake
lights on you got it
bro it's not moving at all
please so much I'm gonna blow the tranny
look at the smoke yo you're gonna blow
the Chani
so now Romans getting the caterpillar
and he's going to try and put it behind
this vehicle and lift it up and drive it
forward this it's just gonna crush the
bumper on us so yeah that's my
prediction right now
yo it's funny cuz that's the same noise
that I make when I back up because I'm
so this isn't gonna work
oh my god oh my gosh oh my gosh oh oh my
gosh oh oh it worked
yo it worked it worked
yo this car is destroyed now oh my gosh
the bumper came off bro
Hey that was the coolest thing I've ever
seen look at these windows there's dirt
inside of this car oh my gosh the cars
destroyed the car just flew rope so now
Logan wants to flip this thing it's
ridiculous what do you thinks gonna
happen you think we're gonna think that
hoods gonna crash on us I think that uh
as long as we do a soft roll I'm not you
know no air time you know that I think
you just you've always daddy flip yeah
what x depth question is I want to be in
the driver's seat you're doing it with
me yeah yeah I'll do it with you you
guys gonna be so what side you flip it
from so I was gonna go passenger side
okay call me the driver side rolls slow
you know what I mean that way you don't
fall on so I'm in a no no I didn't think
there was gonna be a passenger all right
we're gonna go in the car and he's gonna
flip it right now you're gonna come with
me on the GoPro this is really sketchy
what is it what if it catches on fire
all right whatever
oh this is so dumb this is really dumb
oh it's gonna flip us in that bro I
think I'm gonna get smashed
we're really doing this
are you ready no I'm not ready bro think
about this right now are we going oh my
gosh she's literally going yo yo you're
kind of close
oh my god Oh yo easy Koga yo chill Roman
you got to go under it
yo yo yo go that way go that way go that
way
oh my god oh my god yeah yeah oh my god
oh my god oh my god go bro oh I'm alive
oh my god top one thing that I learned
look at that Oh bro I landed on my head
so hard oh my god why did we do that
Jake ballers I can't this is everyday
you don't understand Oh like I was
picking nothing up it just where'd that
thing just went wrong I thought it was
gonna be a challenge no way bro that the
first thing I saw the Christmas lights
are still going the Christmas lights are
still going like oh my god
bro the liquids going the cars that love
it's just what is that dude what did we
just do should we try and flip it back
over if we can spin it with our hands I
just want to take this moment to
appreciate life oh my god
appreciate appreciate life dude I feel
so alive right now oh my gosh also Jake
first don't forget about the 1 million
subscriber giveaway all you have to do
is be subscribed and retweet this tweet
that we'll put in the description we
have an iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus 256
gigabyte GoPro five and two one plus
three T's upside-down so he's gonna go
ahead and
it's impolite to leave your limousines
upside-down so you're gonna go out and
give it back over oh yeah alright let's
see if it start all the doors jammed you
gotta crawl through B I gotta crawl
through
who's crazy go get em tiger oh I'm gonna
see it start huh
you think it'll start oh thanks
I bet it will bro what do we learn about
this limousine today it's a champ this
course start we know MC usually hold on
start it Oh easy easy easy
I think it's close certainly close
that's terrifies me bro good way in the
coid good the aftermath yeah you know
what's so weird is the second we flipped
it over it started raining dude but the
my Easy's are done easy to find that bro
I didn't know I didn't know there's
gonna be that savage they're done
they're literally done I'm retiring them
right now you're where water-moccasins
next Atwoods
thank you so much for having us Paul
Brothers you just nail that pat flip
Jake parlors make sure you are
subscribed in this video get 100,000
likes do you think it can absolutely
time I don't know chance for what don't
think bro they're challenging us right
now they're challenging the Jake collars
click the like button show them what we
got in 50 they can do it 150 see it
Roman believes y'all won't have 50 don't
forget about the giveaway - all you have
to do is be subscribed and retweet the
tweet in the description going on for
four more days look and I are gonna
drive back to Ohio tomorrow should be ha
ha
we're gonna drive back to Cleveland just
roll the car dude it's yeah I hurt my
hands head oh it's fine Christmas light
will go there still lit we're still
going Christmas spirit we're driving
back to Cleveland right now Roman thank
you so much Evo's we killed it this
group ugh you feel it
Ohio ins I hope you enjoyed that
Christmas present thank you so you gotta
go to Mitch don't can't believe it
so did you get the truck to take that
home with you guys or you know oh yeah
yeah yeah you did well yes yes yep
yeah you can have it no you can have it
now yeah oh yeah yeah thanks um thanks
Romy my body my you know we got a dip
yeah he's a good guy yeah I like them
make sure you're subscribed Pete
