I don't have a Disney show play airplane
mode but it's not even out yet Oh easy
cuz what are you doing this is big this
is big
oh boy oh boy Oh King - Oh bro bro Cody
Cody
subscribers yo 1 million subscribers
with you
party citizen go Jake Pollard's we hit 1
million subscribers it's not clickbait
I really am ending the blam oh wow wow
wow wow wow wow
1 million people out there and for that
I just want to say thank you thank you
Jake ballers it's everyday bra well if
you're new to this channel you're
probably wondering why this kid with
kind of white hair has a million
subscribers and you know I asked myself
the same question every single day but
if you are new I'm Jake Paul I live in
Los Angeles I'm an actor I make videos
online which is one that you're
currently watching I'm 19 years old I
have a bunch of roommates and we call
ourselves team 10 and we do like crazy
stuff all day what else do I do I don't
know prank I guess I prank people
sometimes - um but yes if you are new
here welcome today is going to be an
awesome day I'm traveling back to Ohio
shava shava shava which is where I'm
from I get to be reunited with my
brother my mom my dad my family and we
might go collab with someone
who lives in Ohio he's a pretty big
youtuber I don't know but we might we
might go do that let's get this day
started and hit the airport people yeah
Airport is crowded
everyone's going home for the holiday
it's so lovely to see I just hit 1
million just just hit 1 million yep
1 million no one cares yeah
so I was texting my mom and she was
freaking out I was like I just won't go
I'm gonna miss my flight since she was
freaking out she said are you packed you
don't want to miss your flight there's
been a lot of delays in LA people
getting now it's been on the news and I
was like oh I thought it was in the I
thought my flight was at night she and
she got all pissed I was like see I'm
messing with you
she said I almost had a heart attack I
mom I love you all right let's murder
this flight bro it's like yo Matt Jake
Paula at the airport what's your name
Elena and you're from our Australia yeah
did you see the the video where I had a
kangaroo in my house yeah yeah were you
like oh that's my homey I know that one
yeah that came slightly down the road oh
no hey Oh
there's literally a kangaroo in our
house I don't know what to do
crazy alright dude let's take a pic
yo it feels so good to be home bruh it's
cold outside Cleveland I haven't been
here in like a year my mom's coming to
pick me up mom um McCall look
hi I'm I'm home mom I'm here I made it
yeah I'm outside waiting it's like those
soldier coming home videos but very less
less anti-climatic and everybody aw aw
come on mom
all right yeah door 6 in the meantime I
thought it'd be good to do a 1 million
subscriber celebration Mac morning 1
million LA
mom that's my mouth I'm coming wrong mom
hi hi I miss you I haven't been home in
a year your gear the grind is so real
stop that business I know oh we gotta go
yeah I love you mom
Oh yo I hit a million subscribers on
YouTube I know I texted you yeah I'm
gonna be famous one day yeah yeah yeah
soon as we get out of the third portion
you'll be famous there's no reason the
traffic should be that bad DeLonge got
his wisdom teeth out yeah
can you talk yes he can um he was in a
lot of pain after woke up us from his
nap but he's a little better he's soft
they ass bro I would be right back out
there playing it oh he's vlogging don't
worry logins easy though yeah but he
needs to be like lifting oh no you're
not loud yeah lil say not welcome to
Cleveland mom will you take me to the
Apple store cuz I need to do a 1 million
subscriber giveaway of course honey
I can't think of anything I would do
then go shopping again at Crocker Park
okay thank you thank you much yeah about
to get that free stuff bro I think the
only proper thing to do is uh oh this is
great I'm off oh my god
oh my god it's cold oh it's so cold here
in Cleveland 36 you're hanging up on me
like 50 yeah
I'm now acclimated to the weather though
so that was a very smart thing to do
oh also um can I have your car you want
to buy it
no no no can I use it tonight Oh what um
I have to drive to my friend's house
she's a youtuber feels like two hours
away
we're not YouTube together bro yeah so
you get home let me get this straight
you get home to your mom for Christmas
and then you just turn around and go two
hours way to somebody else's house
doesn't your family yeah yep that's
correct
what's with that um you know but it's
all about that vlog life bro we'll be
back for that Logan's gonna come too so
I'm taking them taking the other son
you're gonna take care of him yeah I'll
be a really good doctor don't know come
hack and spit cough that's fine
well that's what's happening Jake you
have to make sure that Logan takes says
antibiotic sustained medications and his
steroids he already takes his steroids
every day bro Michelle biggie no you
need to chill in the gym he honestly
needs to chill in the gym all right so
we're at the shopping center hi MA
nice to meet I'm happy to be here with
you what do you guys want what do you
guys want for you know beans a
subscriber hmm what do they want they
want an iPhone 7 I think they want a 97
all right we're gonna go the store and
get you guys some stuff yeah BRB whoa
okay so we got some of the stuff for you
guys it's so cold here um you know I'll
show you what we got in a second
whoo we got some stuff for you guys
shopping yeah we got that good good good
good
my mom helped me pick it out for you
guys yeah it was fun oh my god that's
stop Jake Pollard's I think you're gonna
like this we got a GoPro 5 cuz who
doesn't want to film themselves jumping
on trampolines and in snowboarding and
all that stuff we have an iPhone 7 yeah
oh snap I'm running out of space we have
another iPhone 7 plus 256 gigabyte this
is the Fat Boy and then I also have two
Android phones there one plus three T's
that I'm including on this show yeah
that's what I'm going to tell you guys
how to win the giveaway in a little bit
um but I think we're gonna grab some
food say what's up to Logan what else is
poppin mom you know we're in Ohio corn
people think Oh Oh popcorn yeah so funny
well raised to funny kid wait you think
I'm really yeah
oh ho oh my god yo what just happened
did you know I'm gonna blog that no rope
with your blog right you know shit bro
bro
what is that huh what is that it's 9 cuz
we're pulse and we got the line
mentality see you didn't even say hi yet
hi Logan brother Jake how are you not so
good rough but you seem fine you just to
obtain painting that mean I'm on busy
trying did you try what did you shine
I'm on pain did you try and hit me was
that the goal no Jesus kid let's just
scare you I got come on look at this
tree throw this trees to be so big and
now I'm like taller than it alright are
you vlogging bro I'll vlog after you
look bro welcome home we're not mile yo
thanks cool so long since we've both
been out of here I'll use that truth so
since we've both at the same time one
year bro yeah how do you how are you
talking right now you just got your
wisdom teeth I was really messed up
earlier I feel good now oh really in a
lot of pain are you ready to go to
Romans are you telling them I just told
them I've been kind of teasing it all
day but I just officially told them oh
yeah we're going to Romans are you ready
I guess I should tell the low game yeah
I mean I guess I'm ready I mean I don't
know you guys gonna be doing the fun
activity yeah you can just sit there but
I know that's not me and I gonna he's
gonna rip it like my mom mom my mouth is
gonna end up bleeding case we go huh
take off
maverick shut up no I can't believe it's
been a hundred years since one year it's
been one dude bro I'm so excited though
we're gonna blow up cars at Romans and
stuff also I'm doing a giveaway I'm
doing a giveaway oh we're doing yeah
well yes you just hit a million
subscribers
bro that's what I'm doing a giveaway who
wins me yeah you know the giveaway is
over now you'll head Logan is loading
them one other thing we got you're
giving away a GoPro my mom sells my
autographs I didn't sell your own no
she's making me autograph my book girl
don't make me do the same thing
brush with your book
you signed my book people I asked me to
sign your book I don't respond don't you
just look out over they text me they go
can you assign your brother you can you
and your brother sign your book
awesome huh all right what do you want
me to what you want to say mom I I don't
you don't have that yeah Aaron Merry
Christmas
don't rock hit this no just just write
like and subscribe
no not even sign it that's a curio to oh
right but I plug so hard literally if
there was a Christmas carolers that like
woke up Tessa my eyes i watch it she was
wearing team Denmark middle of the
videos like Kim tan Martin hello
got the plug blinking bio alright my mom
told me to vlog this I don't think
you're the best your fans love you
ah thanks mom is that is that what you
wanted me to blow yeah no I have a
surprise you have a surprise
let's go what is it am i adopted I just
found it out what's the surprise okay
what do you do
ready yeah I'm ready this is my old room
by the way guys Oh what is it what's the
surprise where oh wow yep she pays you
had your net notices Robin boy never
been blue why you my god I'm part of a
surprise yeah this is the latest
surprise ever
Blue Jays bro but I didn't even notice
abbath how did you not know cuz I
haven't been home any here I don't
notice it but you know what I knew he
needed his saving grace was when he
looks at his pictures and goes oh that's
not the surprise this wasn't the
surprise yeah
y'all look at this picture bro I look so
good
I've never even posted on social media
this is a vlog exclusive because you
know I'm not trying to plug coca-cola I
mean that's a shock opinion and then
looking good tough you know they're like
I always am cheap Alvarado's happen but
you stole this yeah I took it I saw
people pop out of well thank you so much
for wait well let's redo it let's redo
let's redo it yeah you want to be do it
yeah yeah this time you should be
surprised yeah I'm gonna be right the
vlog audience with like him yeah oh I
have no idea what's gonna happen no way
okay mom oh oh my room my room is
painted oh I thank you so much mom oh my
god Logan why you him oh my man I hate
even okay oh look at my room I used to
be a stud wait how old was I in this
thank you for lights up a 10th grade
there still hope for you 10th graders
out there you know that was a that was
bad varsity wrestling eh
oh I drew that when I was a kid that's
pretty good that's not that bad
feel so good to be home the room I grew
up in shut up maverick shut up shut up I
hate you
let's do something goodbye mom hi honey
done um I'll take care of Logan please
take care of Logan do not let him overdo
it
daddy's a freezer he's a really big frat
bro and drive my car safe okay Oh BYE
MOM
cool I got the keys keys keys I got the
keys
excuse me I don't have a car and I also
have to use my mom's hand action is it
anything hear the beep broke cuz I'm a
freaking snow you know what that silence
are on dumb bro you could turn out you
can record without it beeping I mean
apparently I just barely let me see Lucy
okay okay all right we're going to my
dad's house now I took my mom's car I'm
here with my brother Logan Paul hey um
you might know him from
the thinning I don't have a Disney show
play airplane mode but it's not even out
yet huh Oh easy cuz what are you doing
do any gas or any gas
uh well you didn't make a detour oh
you'll be doing to make it that fast
Jesus kind of gas do you think she puts
in here I'm talking probably Premium
yo-yo I bet you I bet you these people
ahead of us know exactly who we are no
yeah I bet you I bet you know there's a
girl in the car I'd be willing to bet
you Bobby I know whoo yeah I just have
vibes dude I'm gonna go knock on her
window if this doesn't work oh there's
gonna be so cocky of me
hey what's up guys what's up guys what's
up Jesus that's my boy
Gavin in the back there we go I look
kind of Ella kind of dumb what yo what's
up
he's a dabber bro he wouldn't know this
dabbe life oh you'll notice you wouldn't
know this long life
no sometimes I buy sometimes the changes
bro are you this Logan and Jake guys no
no no he's Logan and Jake yeah I'm Logan
NJ yeah what's Papa homey by I told you
I told you I got Livesy doc well I
freaking know these things how did you
you just follow let me tell you
something about a demographic and
knowing a demographic and knowing your
hottie know your are where they locate
where are they located in front of us at
a gas station
I know I know this vlog like why is my
neck on all of a sudden your wisdom
teeth bro you're gonna get eaten hard
you're still right I gotta stop you for
all I know this vlog life let's talk
about audience retention and watch tease
the giveaway please the giveaway and let
him watch all you want you want
something I'm gonna I'm gonna talk about
it now
nope gonna talk about it in the end of
the videos we should bury it somewhere
in the middle for like two seconds so
they have to watch the whole video I
guess loops like followers subscribers
where is it where is it what is you
comply with my order president be pretty
king don't is this a life alert
commercial I've fallen in the King
I'm falling and I can't get up
dad dad so that's the biggest biggest
you missed me uh looks like he's not
home there's not home
you just bring my vlog your log was
ruined when you started recording easy
George
my name's Jake where's my dad at yeah
he's legit not even here part of me
thinks we should have called them before
you're right you're right
but it's Ohio they don't do anything you
I'm not a geek down this door here
you're actually gonna kick it down here
you're gonna plug it look and chill
chill bro your wisdom teeth just got
pulled out today
Joe Logan bro I got a key my boy Savage
oh look at this
look here Logan well let's see if this
works for the first time in his life
my brother has used his brain and he
found a key Jake I respect you bro wait
it does not work this is my first time
I'm trying to get it to work hold on oh
is it gonna go
wait don't give up yet Logan I'm real
close you know what they say it's
panicky the right way and you'll get
laid
don't say that yeah yeah oh oh yeah oh
we made it in we made it but my dad's
not here thing I notice is my friend
dwarf mama that he left his fishing rod
here so make it hi boy oh no papi hi do
you remember me do you remember me buddy
yes you do get your Joe I missed you
baby all right so I'm gonna face on my
dad because we're in his home and I
haven't seen him in a long time and I
don't know where he is he's gone he's
missing dead dead
bro what do we do I need the Wi-Fi
password no one knows it you're gonna
get the Wi-Fi password I can find it
bro I need the Wi-Fi password you think
I'm incapable I think you can do it look
I'm gonna do it for you right now let's
go let's go for the Jake Palmer it's not
even for me oh shut the front door
biggest shut up not doing it from you as
my brother although you dope it's for
the Jay Paul all along where's it at
Vegas where's the Wi-Fi password buddy
where is it huh all right Logan you're
looking for the Wi-Fi password I'm gonna
go on
is that it I don't think so I'm gonna go
chill wait all right peace I'm just
gonna do it you that's how you get out
of situations if you don't get it Logan
that you're a failure
just give them encouragement then you
could just chill I'm gonna take a nap I
just did you get the Wi-Fi password no I
did not you're screwed yeah I don't know
how I'm going to UM dump this footage I
could help you can help me yeah bro
yeah can I use your computer that's what
I was and bro we're brothers you're so
right bro I was gonna kiss your hand
nacho but I don't know where my dad is
don't know how I'm gonna do this I might
have to use his computer but I do know
that we got a fat giveaway GoPro 5
iPhone 7 plus 256 gigabyte iPhone 7 32
gigabyte one plus 3t this is an Android
phone one plus three T Android phone
boom
I want to know I can win like as your
brother what do I need to win the
giveaway right right right um well you
can't win just because I'm already got
you something else for Christmas
oh hey that's a time what is what is
Bonnie calm so you got a subscribe and
you got a retweet this here tweet we'll
put it in the description that's all you
got to do just subscribe and retweet
that tweet and guys I'm doing the
giveaway because I've say this every
time but I want to spread awareness of
my channel I want you guys to come back
every single day because we put a lot of
time into these vlogs bro so yeah just
subscribe we'll just put you we'll put a
link to subscribe in the description and
the tweet and you just have to retweet
it and that's it and you can win one of
these also if you tweet me what you want
I'll maybe you'll get that versus me
just like randomly picking one of these
yeah spam my Twitter and my youtube
comment what you want like this video go
ham personally I feel like everyone's
gonna want this fat boy or the GoPro I
don't know I don't know though bro I'm
gonna end the vlog right now yo do it
make sure you guys enter the giveaway
we're about to drive to Roman Atwoods
house 2 half hours so be ready for that
in the morning we're gonna I can't tell
you what we're gonna do cuz we don't
know or like is we do know oh we just
excess it oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
did you forget I did I got always into
that room so you can't use that as an
excuse wrongs here I got always and do
that alright guys thank you so much for
watching
Jake Paul shut up shut up um shit it's
nasty
alright wait a second what is that what
you do what Jake yeah
do you watch it you don't watch the
volume it's kind of cool but you don't
you don't watch her I don't watch the
end i'm swatching beginning the ends the
best part bah and that goes for
everything in life
Jake polish it's everyday bra I will see
you too
when we're doing some gnarly stuff
