about anyone and I get it so now it's so
Tuesday night
grind session right now I'm just
basically thinking of ideas for scripted
videos like not blog videos like
vlogging is just like my life but I also
make videos on Instagram and Facebook
and their comedy videos whatever skits
so on and so forth
so it's just a grind bro it's almost
Christmas going home on Thursday back to
Ohio which I am so excited about I get
to hang out with my brother
Missy Logan and um you know there's some
other youtubers in Ohio that are pretty
popular I'm trying to think of I don't
know but we might collab with him um I
can't think of his name what Roman um
but yeah we might flab with him so we
got a lot of work to do boys Jake
Pollard's I don't know why I started the
vlog on Tuesday night when this is
technically my Wednesday vlog but um
Tristan yo what's up dude what are you
doing right now
drop it come up to Big Bear this very
second we're gonna go snowboarding swap
my friend has a cabin up here and it's
so that it's like the perfect weather
for it because it really goes over to
get t-shirts I'm so down we're actually
I was learning about to turn off my vlog
camera I think I didn't know what you're
about to say wait should I actually come
I'm so down all right all right but I
have to I'm gonna work out
y'all I'm so down texting edges I have
to work out and pack and then I'll be
there I've got season passes the Big
Bear though
they perfect it there's no reason not to
come Wow I'll see you in a couple hours
alright peace bye bye what what are the
odds that I'm vlogging and that happens
yo now I have stuff to do for my vlog I
don't know I didn't know what I was
gonna do tomorrow I was thinking about
doing a giveaway but I think I'll just
do that Thursday instead cuz you guys
you guys were the best fanbase on
YouTube trick poll and you guys need
some Christmas stuff so yeah giveaway
coming on Thursday but yo this vlog just
became all I know I say that every day
but you know it's lit everyday breath
okay hey all I got I got a pack he just
texted me the address
let's go
okay before the fun I have to lift so
the question is do you have a left bra
No
nah you don't lift breath yo check this
out so my dad got me this for Christmas
it came into the house early it's a
giant popcorn maker machine I'm gonna
assemble that soon thanks dad if you're
watching this love you okay
time to shower then drive the Big Bear
and go snowboarding
rest in peace Brody I just realized that
I'm gonna have to drive two hours by
myself I'm actually like I'm gonna be so
lonely I'm just gonna blast music let's
do this
but I'll feast do you come here often
he'll never know you never know on the
move yo ELISA trolled me twice she just
hacked my vlog what are you doing ELISA
this morning I couldn't even prank her
because she knew the prank was coming
and now you're hacking my fault she's
taking over she's waiting I can't let
this happen
i'ma come for you ELISA but we are on
the road right now we have a two-hour
drive let's do this
is that a Taco Bell oh gosh oh gosh
oh yes boof uh-huh had to stop you not I
mean had to stop hi I'm I'm great how
are you may I please have the cheesy
gordita crunch and a beef Kayseri tow
the Doritos Locos Tacos nacho cheese
that'll be it
women do oh I'm so happy right now uh oh
yeah I'm the daddy oh yeah
choice you make when you talk about art
now we're really on the road let's do
the State
why
now
hey my bluetooth ain't working
oh well we don't go acapella get it Jake
jingle bell jingle bell yo feet smell
wretched soul Oh me who's driving I
don't know who's driving I don't know
don't try this at home I don't know you
I need a chill
I need a chill all right so we are
almost there I'm gonna show you look we
are super high up in the mountains look
this view
gosh yo that's dope all right let's get
back to driving oh it's creepy being
like out here slowly pitch-black by
myself okay this is weird
I was scared not gonna lie Michael I was
scared that's right two hours later yo
we made it hey yo this place is lit
alright let's go check it out that's
definitely okay
definitely coyote no it's fine Jackie
you're not gonna die
Tristan I feel like creepy vibes at
these places bro yo geez that was scary
I was literally just saying that I get I
get creepy vibes at these places I made
it
what's up dude honestly it does yo this
place is sick I'm bout a hill do have in
the woods a cabin in the woods yo don't
you can't say that like literally I got
out of my car on the way here
and yeah it's just sleep alone last
night I didn't like there's literally
it's just like so there's creepy in the
area okay it's a vibe yo is this where
I'm gonna sleep this is the room bro
holy box is that the movie it's from
remember that you've ever liked how like
Goldilocks went into the room and
doesn't rise out all the Bears beds oh
yeah yeah I want to have one of these
houses so baby I don't like the pressure
he's a new trippy but this house because
all the rooms are connected with this
like crazy tunnel and it's like it's so
creepy and below it like goes all the
way through the house I don't know where
it all that shit me I don't play with
that it's covered in spider webs it's
like I don't like I'm not trying to like
go through there but like one day maybe
books more birthday we should go through
there baby
that was the worst
or don't like a little girl goes in
there to draw on the walls and there's
like a spirit again bro oh look another
sender yesterday and it freaked out it
goes through there I mean maybe they're
all connected all the rooms have them no
mine doesn't
whoa
they all well nobody covered bro I'm
already covered I'm already covered in
spider webs
this is so creepy this is about to be
such a long vlog because technically I'm
it's actually after midnight so today's
today it's 11:36 I'm not even supposed
to be vlogging until 24 minutes but I
already have like half of a vlog right
now
alright well I think we're all gonna
sleep in here because it's actually like
white creepy my stuff yeah oh God yo
when you're sick hasn't been used in
four years yeah brush those teeth Jake
Russia here guy happy your dentist is
gonna be so proud
oh I got your watch your watch this ugly
weapons because was it my gang kid wash
50 robbed a little bit more time hey get
your lucky shot ah
siga did I did not think you're actually
gonna make it out here like oh I had to
you we literally skied and snowboarded
yesterday it's straight our bathing
suits it was like hey like not camilli
kinda sleep of you guys please I'm so
scared there's four beds
no I sleep out there giant cabin in the
woods gone wrong death all over YouTube
all for two kids all right
watching I lost - he's just doing that
because his dentist watches he just
subscribed this just in whoa oh right
Jake Pollard's I will see you in the
morning and night resting nothing again
I an aha
good eye chest then you can sit ah ah ah
ah ah ah
is anyone else excited to go
snowboarding not a bad job I
I'll see you guys in the morning
you
good morning Jake Pollard's we slept
pretty good last night and I'm so ready
to hit the mountains I can't find my
vlog camera I'm vlogging on my iPhone
right now but packing up and let's do
this thing
I'm not sure it so hard yeah what do you
weigh this is my seal is that a koala
bear don't worry about it bro you're
killing it killing it quail in it
brother question is it my qualified Oh
your koala five uh camera Hey and we're
back
Oh Oh back on the vlog camera all right
I'm just gonna cut straight to the
mountain cuz we got a lot of packing and
driving to do let's get it whoo we are
you let's go oh it's the best one
oh boy the best one first run of the day
Priya Tristan tails out here you popped
out the I got the spectacles you popped
out the lens on the spectacles I did
yeah smart smart move man it was smart
if we were indoors but now I'm kind of
regretting that look how beautiful it is
it's so warm I'm just I just literally
just have this team 10 March twitch it
on plug plug plug hey needs milk yo he
actually needed milk yo you need milk
brah I said that need any fell what are
the chances of that happening
you usually have the best outfit here
with the call the Sudan oh stop keep
going I swear I had like the weirdest
dream last night I don't know I always
have weird dreams Oh
I just felt like oh we were just like
reenacting the movie cabin in the woods
and like someone was like haunting us
gnarly but I soft bruh you need some
milk sir first one let's hit it
by
so chrome is broken though
with min ago she'll know imitate
yeah
shortest run ever success going for a
run - last time I was here is freezing
we couldn't film anything so this is
great GoPro I hate you
it's crazy because I have meetings in
Los Angeles in a couple of hours so we
can just mob back and hit the meetings
tomorrow I'm going to Ohio let's good
bro let's good can I get all yeah thanks
just yo look at this rainbow right now
there's skittles double rainbow oh my
god double rainbow it's a double rain it
started pouring rain we dipped out of
there that's not fun at all I'm freezing
my shred sessions ruined his koala toots
soaked
look at this it's just wet you moist yo
look at that that's not fun at all it's
poor poor little girl so we're gonna
wait 20 minutes see if the rain passes
by and if not that we're gonna have to
go home BRB okay so got the GoPro to
work it's rainy and still put on my
waterproof jacket we're gonna go up for
one more run and film it for you guys
let's do it one is up on the ski lift by
myself it's way too rainy for Tristan to
come on here it's pouring rain right now
we're just chillin bro last run imma go
in for you guys I don't know how close
this is my face right now I probably
look ridiculous but as you tell it
slowly pouring
no one's on the mountain this one's for
you guys let's hit it into my face
she making waves when everything is all
right my lady
she's taking and working out life Rosie
oceans pyncheons feel real worth it sony
Sony song
oh I crash I'm like flatland it's
raining so hard oh I'm good you gotta
want it I let it just crash sound like
nothing
whoa I don't know if you can hear this
rain
and that is a day pretty successful at
the end crash Jake Paul this baby is
what I don't know if I look down right
now or it's a good angle but we're gonna
rock it let's drive home whoa we killed
it cut the outside camera one utility
lay down
uh-uh almost home I'm almost out of gas
I'm like exhausted I've literally drove
in so far and not slept a lot in the
past like 24 hours plus we got that
workout in it's already getting dark out
so I think I'm gonna start packing to go
home already tomorrow don't blog and
drive people also bed and have to start
editing this blog also dick Pollard's we
are 5,000 subscribers away from being a
million strong
I'll see I want to thank you guys are no
haven't hit it yet but I thank you in
advance and I think I'm gonna do a
million subscriber giveaway for
Christmas too you guys deserve chef so
stay tuned for that I think we'll hit a
million tomorrow it's already late um so
we'll do that tomorrow I think yeah yeah
maybe we'll do that but um yeah if
you're a Jake baller I just want to say
thanks
honestly I'm able to live such an
awesome life and experience it with you
guys and bring you along every single
day and so thank you for supporting me
and coming back every single day it
wouldn't be as fun to do these vlogs if
like four people watched it so thank you
guys
Tricia
well how do you do
let's dump input position this all right
is this from last night
cool
no good no bro your prank it's a prank
here shit you're you're messing with me
good leave bro this is not funny if
you're pranking me right now is enough
you know
is this real get always dumping the
footage to edit and good
I'm not show this right now this is not
like this is not funny yeah bro oh my
god what
no it's play as I play yeah I'm like not
messing around right now I'm freaked out
like not enough this is funny
freaked out that this is not good call
security they're like what do you do in
this situation I think it could be like
a crazy fan hold you snap that you're a
big bear like it would be really easy
for somebody to find like you snap the
exit like how the like up it's wrong
they could have watched my story too
because then they would have seen what
house it was I know I don't they're in
the vents
what do I want that watch the end of
this foot watch where it goes
Oh
what the and that's what it put the vlog
camera down ah dude that's a fucking
room that I showed you not only where
you first walk in we just like you take
a break for volume for a second and
figure out like what we need to do what
understand this isn't one of this
there's no this it's like now it's like
the HS it's like VHS like it's so so
good that's not evenly this is perfect
I'm going to understand you every hard
to get rough but what's the last year
who else has a cute did you tell anybody
that like yep they're just about anyone
and I can't either small enough I'm say
watching the condom because it's my
vision why would sleep - it's a cassette
and I'm like it
yeah she say anything she's gonna call
security auditor like she she thinks she
literally falling back on her right now
I told you I couldn't either look I
think that we should notify the best
world police station in over their hands
a freak she seizes but it this whole are
you should go in knew where we were
going
I'm just gonna edit this and be done
with it okay what do that I want I
figure out if you put this online
like somebody could
and my
shit am i dancing I think that's because
of the one with the sixth column that
cream estimate it was like this is a
copycat one either just like everywhere
we go now this would be somebody's
looking for like let's just look comes
in like if someone actually maybe maybe
this is just a prank that like the whole
like
Jake Paul in it Jake Wohlers if you're
watching this still
