guys ready
ha
Chris miss carolers for higher Los
Angeles 16 Merry Christmas carolers it
yeah
I'm laughing at the ridiculousness of
the situation the Charles Dickens
carolers hmm Jake Pollard's this is what
we do on a daily basis we just things we
do our ridiculous hi my name is Jake
Paul and I'm calling in regards to
booking some of your Christmas carolers
tomorrow morning roughly 8 a.m. please
give me a call back at your earliest
convenience
thanks but I'm determined to wake Alyssa
up with Christmas carolers in full garb
and wardrobe and calling everyone to see
if they're available um driving breath
emails go big go with me you do some red
yo uh can you go see if there's toilet
paper in my bedroom
why cuz we ran out down here Oh doing
emails please yo yo yo
she almost caught me I I I'm gonna make
some more call yeah make this work yeah
hello yes hi Kevin how are you good good
um yeah so I was just calling in regards
to some of your carolers um I would it's
kind of last-minute I would need you
guys to come to West Hollywood tomorrow
morning at like 8:00 a.m. I don't know
if that's doable on your end you know
who might be available um tell me a
little bit about me then you know what
you have in mind for the carolers um so
it's just like a YouTube video and just
like a personal YouTube video and just
going to have them like do a little
prank on my friend just like have them
like sing and like wake her up and
that's like as as easy as it would be oh
so where would they actually beginning
together you know to do the performance
we would just like walk into her bedroom
and they were just like start singing a
lot of fun I probably need until about
ten o'clock uh just to you know put the
blast out there see who's available and
then get back to you so if that works
for you let me work on it and I think it
actually later tonight and let you know
if that works yeah that's perfect
yeah just give me a call on this phone
number so that works for you let me work
on it and I will look I will follow up
with you by a give you an update about
about two hours from now and let you
know if we're able to put that together
for you / - my wife I have a good night
thank you thanks bye yeah yeah all right
it's coming together this is some dead
bro okay so it's night time right now I
just got the call that the carolers are
confirmed for tomorrow at 8:00 a.m.
Alyssa's still gonna be asleep tomorrow
morning but and we're just gonna walk in
her room oh I'm so dead we're supposed
to get away talking back yeah like
that's the last thing you expect is a
bunch of people just in full garb
wide-awake chanting I can't wait to get
away with this guy it's Jake Pollard's
me this is my favorite one yet all right
I'm gonna I will see you guys in the
morning
let's go good morning people
it is like 7:40 a.m. the carolers should
be here like any moment now
way to go up into Alice's room and just
are chanting Christmas songs this is
absolutely ridiculous I can't wait to
see like what the carolers are dressed
as Jake Pollard's it's everyday bro all
right let's wait for the carolers to get
here
ah don't do this look here this here hi
guys what's up good morning you guys can
come on in you guys outfits are so legit
yeah awesome
hi okay so here's the plan
here's the game plan we're gonna
basically not a roommate to sleep
upstairs and we're just gonna walk in
the room and like you asked you just
post up and just start singing like
Christmas songs whatever it is that you
guys want to say I think there's room so
we can then just like walk over the
other ones room in like wake them up -
okay do you want like a WoW yeah like
loud as obnoxious as you guys can get so
we have options for the wake up song
whatever they do deck the halls this
won't be long we could do do bones this
is the most amazing thing that has ever
happened on this channel
alright tree go out there okay let's go
well
there I'm jiggling
okay comedy is the season to be jolly
follow each of you time no way really
um bro I pranked me oh here yo I'm gonna
call her
oh how did she know she had you Julie
she on her boat oh she wrote pillows
aunt cloth Yoshi how'd you know she had
her here it's last night make a Hummer
is really awkward
I'm gonna call her
yo yo did you I hate you
yo she she knew how new yo there's no
expensive bro come on bro are broke she
I saw on my computer all these you're
typing in
she's on she did on her tell us cuz the
price lately why is so sleepy Arthur or
May Tessa is still asleep so we can yeah
we can get his alright she has your
jingle balls yeah okay well yeah we
might as well get death I wish like this
markets were here too so we you gotta
make the best of situations ELISA if
you're watching this I hear
you
all the way oh good good hey that's the
best way to wake up
March March now available yeah those
awesome guys we're we're 1 4 2 1 4 2 is
that the weirdest way you've ever would
Rick ever
please definite the words will ever know
one anymore ok well now we have some
time to kill kill with some carolers so
I think we're gonna figure out something
yeah okay so we decided to spread the
Christmas joy and walk over to our
neighbors houses and Carol for them at
8:00 in the morning hopefully they're up
let's do this house guys ready
yeah is it an issue
she doesn't what yes
Oh crab this locker he's not our
neighbor she's lying to me we just
wanted cuz that's Carol yeah this is the
funniest thing roaming the neighborhood
looking for neighbors houses to Carol
for it am people were just like no go
away
good morning world we'd like to
Christmas Carol for you
Feliz Navidad Feliz Navidad they're
gonna sing Feliz Navidad it's perfect
she doesn't speak English I do one day
do that evite in body lighting but
everybody loved you oh bloody buddy
Hey
Betty's happy that Merry Christmas I was
hilarious she didn't move a seven-meter
yo you guys killed it out there you guys
killed it I like the dog sing-along yeah
I've never been Christmas caroling in my
life it's a first but it felt great and
the lady was really confused I think I
feel like we have to go to like a
neighborhood if with like lights up and
who are more in the Christmas spirit
for them to appreciate our amazing
singers here all right we killed it
today guys thank you so much um until
next year until next year I will get
more roommates next year awesome bye
guys oh my gosh so far so we need to
take a moment to recap what just
happened brah what just happened from A
to Z a listen knew that we're gonna
prank her so she dipped out I hate you
ELISA for that - Tessa
waking up test it was the funny thing
and three that girl didn't move a inch a
centimeter that whole entire song she's
just like this all time what's happening
bro I'm actually dead those scalars were
savages bro savages guys I'm super busy
today so I'm not able to do a full vlog
but dig polish it's everyday bro the
madness is real make sure you're
subscribed and if this post gets 50,000
likes I'm gonna be commenting back to
all of you guys so smash the like button
hit it hit it right now hit it you you
touch it touch it comment when you're
done and then I'm gonna be replying to
some of you guys also we have our team
10 March out don't forget about that
we'll put the link in the description
other than that Jake Pawar's I will see
you tomorrow
peace
you
