you
so this bear situation is getting out of
control as some of you know we took a
bear to the airport a giant teddy bear
to the airport and try to get it through
security
it's just now like starting to go viral
the Jake Pollard's we'll know because
it's everyday bra literally everyone's
talking about it now TSA which is like
the security people put on their
Instagram like a full story about it
like some popular youtuber made up some
fake backstory about how they wanted to
get this bear on an airplane
the post is like going viral on their
account it's like the most likes they've
ever got and there's like 3,000 comments
here's like a screenshot of the post
it's absolutely ridiculous
now news articles are starting to talk
about it
Mashable posted about it and a ton of
other different like companies and news
articles are posting about it it's
ridiculous bro like all we wanted to do
is bring the bear in the airport and
it's just like oh a viral now it's crazy
wrested beast wrote at the bear you're
more than just a news article to me the
good news is though that they called me
a popular youtuber and now the Viner
also Mashable if you're watching this
just make sure to put my Instagram in
your article next time just trying to
try to grow the following thanks bro oh
and yes I feel a lot better today I
started to take this medicine and I'm
getting like a lot healthier I guess I'm
not sick anymore I'm kind of sick you
could tell and my voice a little bit I'm
still mad at you guys though for
pranking me yesterday in yesterday's
video they threw me in the pool but I'm
gonna get you guys back I'm thinking
about putting an air bag in your
mattress
I'm gonna go back oh that's exactly what
I said my vlog watch the vlog oh wait
really or no did you are you guys
subscribed subscribe
no but seriously did you watch it oh
yeah but like you if you guys did get
like air bag you want to take a picture
with me is all right let's do it
gonna be in the vlog too awesome fire
fire bro bye she didn't say bye she
didn't hear me but yeah I feel like you
guys would get air bags into the air and
just like fly and do like a cool trick
and then land perfectly right let's get
that food bro imagine that your bottle
bro you ain't about that life
calories huh get in my belly
yeah in my belly actually I normally I
normally help me to be honest
just today I'm I'm feeling sick I gotta
get that energy that fuel I'm burning it
off anyways this just in Time magazine
and CNN both just posted articles about
Brody the bear absolutely absurd bro why
do people care so much now we're going
to see if we could find this magazine
People magazine did like a article about
cheap 10:00 and all of us so let's see
if we could find it at this store
samples don't mind if I do
the guy just told me I couldn't film the
store but we found the magazine so I
have to film it yo look blue this that's
lit bro wait where am I at where we at
where we are
yo that's late bro this is what the
magazine looks like if you guys want to
read the article you could just go to
any store and it should have it it's
only four dollars or should I say four
doll hairs will not accept a penny
laughs a million dollars actually if you
look closely it says a million doll
hairs so I bought three magazines I'm
gonna put em in my house I think mom we
didn't make it yet
I was going to say mom we made it but
now I just want to give a quick thanks
to the Jake Palmer
because without you guys none of this
would be possible
remember hard work pays off and dedicate
yourself to that stuff every single day
check out new People magazine you can
check it out it's really really good no
reason why just check it out
new People magazine article is really
good just check it out you haven't
already check out People magazine the
new new People magazine is really good
you got a hustle to get it folks huh
this is me it's not Photoshop you should
check it out
hey guys you should grab some of this
magazine oh wait you guys already have
one Ziggy said something what oh no way
what a nice guy yo you know I just
realized they put me next to a sandwich
they know I like sandwiches we came to
my brother's building to filmer
musically for Lucas and Marcus they're
gonna like walk on their hands on a
treadmill George George geez jump kiss
me hey your table bro that was talent
right there you guys doing uh work we're
just uh vlogging bro where you going
George come back yo what's up bro what's
up did you see this hold on let me find
it it's just one page it's hard to hold
but I know are you in a freakin Banksy
house in a magazine
stop yeah it's just one page so it's
kind of hard to find there is and then
put me next to a sandwich but it was
like a nice house alright y'all in the
magazine oh yo y'all wait we just
realize this bro you're in the magazine
wait I didn't even realize that my mom
look look look wait that's George right
there I'm in a magazine look at George
wait what are the odds that you were
actually in this and we ran into each
other right now is he dead Oh cuz I'm in
a magazine bra thought I was gonna give
you CPR all right bye George
so I'm gonna be the cameraman for your
video
okay cool
Lucas oh my you just broke this whole
treadmill they literally just broke this
whole trip man you saw that okay yo we
got it did nothing happened now
horrified bro it's everything school so
we're just gonna leave now
and that's about it okay so Lucas the
market state and fix the treadmill so
that's good we all go to jail for that
now haha I don't know what's going on
next let's do it
woo okay so I'm walking down the street
right and what do I see this is Los
Angeles I've never seen this before
my man's got a pig yo what are those
it's so fluffy am i able to touch it
it's wagging its tail it likes me he'll
bite oh man I don't play with that he
looks mean that's a fat pig - hi Willie
all I'm thinking about is the bacon
that's inside of him all right all right
my man I enjoyed you and your pig whose
pigs is this whose base is this it's not
even like tied down that's the scariest
part about it it's not even tied down if
you literally just go right into the
street right now by biggie so weird wall
all right Jake Pollard's where we off to
now Jake what's up man yeah Jake why do
I got a Christmas sweater on huh nothing
man just talking to my Jake Pollard's
here it's time to go ice-skating whoop
we're heading to downtown Los Angeles
made up with the Instagram people's to
ice skate there should be some pretty
cool people there and it's gonna be
holiday fun yay my man though I have one
question do you freestyle do you
freestyle right it isn't freestyle this
is so ridiculous it's gotten out of
control
they put the Michael Jordan crying face
on Brody the bear that's how you know
you made it every news outlet is
covering this right now I'm actually
like blown away like it's at that front
page of all their stuff look people
we're trying to save the Bears when I
try to harm them they're like people are
emailing me and stuff and like asking
for interviews it I don't know if I'm
gonna do it or not but it's really
hilarious if you haven't seen the video
we'll put like a link to it right here
it's actually pretty funny but I don't
even know what to say I'm speechless
like all these major publications are
like business people are freaking out
over it actually episode yo we made it
out bro this is lynn half of t10 is here
say what's up everybody five tristen's
over there somewhere this is so cool
though yo look at this ice rink this is
like insta goals right now insane
what I'm gonna skate on that tell me
that's about to be the most lit
Instagram picture ever
yo bizarre walk season 2 we did it and I
got my dizzy sweater on and we're ready
to ice skate it's so lit
it's so lit so that was Olivia and
Madison from Buzard park they're so
talented as actors are so young and
they're already on a TV show so they
have like such a dope career ahead of
them but we're so excited to have season
2 Tristan what got ripped close bro you
have a hole in your shoe that's ready
what are those for that oh it's LA yeah
having holes in your clothes is good I
just never seen it in a shoe before
starting to spread bro
Tristan you're a trendsetter I want to
take this tree like I ain't like grab it
and pick it up I put it in the team
penthouse because you still have a
Christmas tree what we still need to do
wow so fun what oh sorry sorry I I get
yelled at everywhere I go I'm invited to
this place and I get told I'm not able
to do something like normally it's I
just go on my own accord and I'm not
able to do something which is fine but
like if I'm invited somewhere I feel
like I should be able to do something I
don't know I don't know yeah
Lorie say I don't know how to ice skate
so this would be interesting
do you know how to ice skate I know you
put a shoe on and then you go room her
no you guys are such vendors bro so
totally benders prep gnarly bro this
hockey terminology that's perfect I've
only been a couple of times I feel like
I'm still I still got it I think I still
got it guys decide my life away yes I do
this once a week like I said I signed my
life away once a week it's on
it's a weekly thing
the marginalia life signs are weekly my
mom watches takes box hi mom
are these Instagram Donuts yo I'm so
about it right now it's about to be
delicious
anyways it just started to rain and
there's literally so many people here
who knows that we're gonna be able to
ice skate when it's raining just adds
more drama suspense thriller to the
whole thing I got my skating hat on I'm
trying to put my skates on it's like
giving birth in Reverse it's like
putting it back in it's really hard this
one is still last apparently it was
still latched my foot now just slid in
really easily
alright here we go first steps under the
ice I don't know if I still got it
I don't know if I still got it oh I
still got it
I still got it hey I still got it
Oh
I like your little more than Logan
Killa Killa I love them no his are so
good too
I know y'all are killing we're trying to
innovate the vlog game you know no I
know you're killing it hi I'm a blogger
now I got this yeah many birds this one
that you got that killing it too let's
ice candy dude let's ice skate when
you're when your friend can't ice skate
come on Sheila she's so sad
I'm just kidding I'll come back I'll
come back so nice so sweet so I'm
filming a video all right it's called
skating expectations vs. reality okay
and you guys were in the expectation
spark because they're like gold medalist
source of silver medals national
champions oh wow
Oh killing it killing it but at the end
of it I have to go slide it into a wall
would you recommend that or no do you
like break your neck yeah yeah
feet-first be fair like the first not
the chauffeur's what if I back it it
should be fine I mean if you can control
the way that you slide I slip which I
can't you can't you can get elixir you
can get some bad iceberg iceberg
I think it's worth it for the video
might be yeah for the subscribers make
sure you guys subscribe yeah
hi let's see what we could do here so we
came up with a new plan where I'm gonna
hit the wall and go over it there's like
ice security guys here when we get
kicked out up everywhere but we'll see
if we can get away with this here we go
we're about to get kicked that way
feminist I'm playing it off like it's
real please telling me now that cuz we
can't we're getting kicked out oh yeah I
lost control
sorry let's make sure we do right yeah
I'm not good not good like I did that on
purpose so we think it kicked out for
the first time in years and I'm taking
the last couple of laps before we have
to leave so much fun
hey Tessa it's like the last lap should
we go on like a ice skating date and I
get like really romantic
that's oh that was so cute those cutest
thing ever are you to bed we're actually
not dating leave
just kidding cheese Bay she's bad I love
you so much all right I'm leaving now I
saw food and I'm out by ice rink Jake
yeah that's me
do you freestyle you don't free stop
just want to freestyle with my uber
driver one day this is amazing guys tsa
is getting roasted on TV now two for the
bear thing it just played it on like Los
Angeles news the headline was TSA brags
about making a bear homeless oh good
uber ride it is dark out now people I'm
home hey guys guys guys guys where'd you
where'd you go
yo where where is everyone yo where is
everyone
Oh Lucas uh Marcus what are you doing
stop hiding from me it's not funny at
all you're like four years old I played
along with it for a second but like
clearly I saw you know I see you what
are you doing Alyssa Jake ballers listen
up first of all if you're still if
you're a Jake Poehler and you're still
watching this video comment below I'm
going to be replying to a people all
night but you guys are gonna love this
so the company that makes these bears is
called saved uh they do a ton of
campaigns like save animals causes bring
water to people etc hence the term saved
uh this this for example was called
saved bears and like a portion of the
proceeds goes to charity but the CEO of
the company is like five years old and
this is what he had to say about TSA
taking the bear this is the cutest thing
ever watch it oh my god it's so cute but
he's so right who would do that
shame on you to say shame on you yo
Tessa do we you lose the list okay yeah
yo salmon or Alyssa is oh where is she
say Oh what do we do we call one one
nine what do we do
what are we do okay how many where
haven't I looked where haven't I looked
maybe she's in Erica's room Oh yo yo has
anyone seen Alyssa
he'll look in some markets yo yo hey huh
have you seen Alyssa
no bro where is she can't find her
anywhere no she did come in here oh
sorry I think I'm gonna call 109 hello
don't want yes yes yes um okay I'd like
to report an emergency
I've lost a girl um yeah I don't know
she's an Instagram model she's like five
nine maybe a hundred pounds yeah yeah
yeah I said she's famous on Instagram um
her at is a list of violet your daughter
follows her
yeah no no if we find her yeah your
daughter can take a picture with there
of course you're gonna send help okay
okay thank you thank you so much um yeah
yeah I'm Jake Paul from bizarre back
yeah your daughter loves me too oh okay
yeah we talked about this lady right
right there's a missing person we should
probably take care of that person yeah
okay all right thank you so much bye
they're gonna send help everyone okay
thank God I just called the cops they're
going to handle the situation it's such
a it's just a crappy situation and I
just wouldn't want to put anyone through
this same situation so shout out to all
the families out there that have gone
through this situation um listen we're
gonna find you Alyssa you're watching
this a lot of efforts Boas put into this
to find you so we'll find you I'm gonna
keep looking Alyssa Alyssa oh my god oh
my god what are you oh oh my gosh just
look at all this up I've been looking
for you for so long where were you
here's what it's raining outside come
inside what are you doing oh my god yo
you're gonna get sick now I'm already
sick sorry guys we're really weird to me
just do like random stuff like that in
the vlog Wow being weird never
apologized for being weird they ask you
how you are using to say that you're
fine you're not really fun you just
can't get into it that is it for today
guys Jake ballers if you're still here
I'm going to be DMing people on
Instagram so turn them on and at the end
them to me on Instagram and I'm
redeeming people all day thank you so
much for watching
it's everyday brush
you
