what's up Jake Pollard's today I am
super super super sick I probably
shouldn't even be doing this vlog I
don't want to get them sick which is why
their before yesterday anyway yeah true
but he asked us to be in this video
because we're going to react because
I'll be able to react but he's really
sick so yeah we're good friends so we're
gonna get sick with them Thank You Lucas
Oh Marcus they're basically gonna help
me react because this is my reaction
everything in life right now
oh definitely contagious definitely
gonna get fits fine fine
alright so today gonna be reacting to my
really really old vines I know I did a
one where I reacted to like my newer
vines that these ones are even like more
crunchy and I look ugly yeah like not ah
already just Jake Pollard's I'm gonna be
back at it tomorrow hopefully I'll feel
better oh I got this bro let's read some
big Knicks look at me Tork scam info
yawn I'm so you on you yeah I'm just
like are you doing a f ing ah looking
for my bag
tell me a joke Thanks alright I thought
me a funny joke your laugh like you know
that's like when you couldn't edit a
vine so I'd like you to play yeah
my daughter's new boyfriend is like so
nice he was fishing her window 2:00 in
the morning so we didn't have to I know
a school you're like what am now talking
that's that I just push the buddies do
live in LA you recording it's not about
looks guys it's not personality but the
bump was I throw it in the blender make
apple juice
I was so do be hurdles yo we jump these
people and they're like another Paul
brothers they know no baby girl what's
your name
let me talk to you let me fire you were
dry and shine online all day now I know
I disappear 100 with my weight
you should disappear like the Wi-Fi
hello you're gonna get a steak and the
Wi-Fi isn't working
okay guys we head out Wi-Fi malfunction
sorry guys here we go was it cold yeah I
rose so cold engine was dying I almost
died I went into the snow you shouldn't
need to video yeah we got hmm oh excuse
me she's sorry
I went to the snow and I didn't breathe
before I went into it so I was like four
feet under the snow and I was like
trying to breathe was breathing snow I
was choking and I was like freezing cold
and I was in my boxers and then that was
it I leave the mind you wear all right
yeah well viral okay I hear you hello
take your Wi-Fi down we got Wi-Fi hey
you guys are twins you say the same
thing at the same time yeah we actually
do like it's actually weird I don't
think so all right say a word on three
ready wait I thought up I wouldn't want
to be Mary ah
is it didn't work out like usually like
we have our fake twins when people say
how are you let me boast a good how are
you
so both of us don't talk for like
someone to say but Mary both sets in
time I don't know we're just switched
with okay let's react well the whole day
that's why they're Christmas I thought I
could hear pretty good not a bit oh yeah
welcome to the Cleveland grapevine for
the first video
there's I doing that so crystal grow
they're so bad yeah Oh do I hit my head
on that hey what until you mr. fire
obviously per se looking back at these
you're like wow like I did that and it's
like so different what you now have been
back then yeah it's like different types
of videos Oh hallo hallo
hey Ronnie you'll need me I need you
okay yes yeah all right I hope is by a
time because we could it my dad couldn't
film it that my dad Phil not that one I
needed I can't felt it he's like how do
you work that you need it up up it so
you got any more
is that true dad is that true
my bad hey no problem
hallo again brothers all my brothers
filled up this is the first vine that
Anya who's that good look like is it ah
there's nobody good boy that workout was
tough it put a lot of strain on my chest
so yeah so cringe just in case yeah
yes hobo's be like oh hey I rode this
lifeguard see your friend teachers
teachers 2+2 down our homework it's 2
times 2 divided by its master
it's waldo good luck thick yeah he's
actually heavy
they are 50s we gotta react for me yeah
I take it got you ok
yeah God so we're gonna take over this
last 30 40 seconds because Jake is you
know really sick anyone who s way with
this yeah
Wow
get in walk that way don't take them
away downtown hello there's financial
arrests they still I am come on your
face on your face dude my god it was put
on this fake Oh Jay's awake now oh oh oh
Jay Hey Wow first girlfriend
oh oh I'm awake energy that's it that's
it guys um okay they may say okay guys
thank you so much for watching so I
couldn't make a full vlog today but I
just laying in bed all day tomorrow I'll
probably be back make sure you subscribe
to I'll go say something but um you know
when people are sick they don't even
make videos so guys Jake was good enough
to make a video even though when he's
really sick so ever give it a thumbs up
you know
show him some support it's every day bro
you gotta want it see you guys
see you babe I feel better okay but okay
really honestly now
you
