this is man's to do or just to tell him
to eat it like right away morning guys
um I woke up this morning and I want a
zebra is this the number for the zebras
I was looking to rent a zebra for the
day to take a Instagram picture you've
got more than one zebra does it look
like this hero from the Madagascar movie
could you get the zebra here in like two
hours okay morning Jay boulders what is
going on guys uh y'all apparently a
zebra is coming to the house I'm stoked
for that as y'all know I am out here
trying to take the most dope Instagram
pictures on the platform period the
other day there was a lion and then
after that guys we took the cutest
Instagram picture with my little my
little dude mini Jake well however good
morning Jake fallers and welcome to my
life if you're new here I'm Jake Paul
you guys are the Jake callers and this
is the team ten house
hey focus whoa whoa free Jake it's been
raining a lot here's what I was trying
to say hey that is the squad team ten to
the strongest team on the internet
factory which a vlog belts on because
today it of all hug all a down what the
fuck you area guys let me get you caught
up to speed because some crazy stuff has
already happened this morning I made
like a weird discovery I'm still I still
don't know what happened but I'm
disturbing roll the clip
guys I'm freaking out I just made like
the weirdest discovery yeah bro I need
you guys help to figure out why who what
where and quite frankly when I'm on
Instagram right I'm scrolling I'm
scrolling I'm doing my thing I see my
girl right my girl cardi Pete everyone
knows party B Oh dance now I make my
move number one song boy that yellow
click on like who she's following right
like who does cardi B follow cardi B
follows my dad on instant ball I'm
Instagram my dad probably doesn't even
know who cardi B is or cardi B my dad
Dave we need to call Greg Paul right now
yeah yeah looking good in this
space-time I'm wearing March fans were
like Oh backslash take Paul but that's
not what we're here to talk about today
why does cardi B follow you on Instagram
do you know who cardi B is yes yes she
goes you can't with me if you wanna do
I'm dead well I'm not jealous at all
hit me up girls offset the planet put a
splinter into my hand you get thrown off
the roof
what's the status he's done so we
finished off the plan if you mess with
one of us you get the whole one yeah bro
this is good I'm getting all the angles
son
yeah so in yesterday's vlog guys Eric
and I did some bonding it was super cute
kick him in the balls
that's the cute part but then after
we're done bonding guys uh we got
matching tattoos we're bonding Oh
jerk is real Jericho's fake Jericho's
the thing I don't know what guys once
again put your blog belts on because the
zebra is about to be here I think I'm
about to prank like all of team ten with
like poisonous insects and crickets
inside of their food hey sorry but not
only should you put your vlog belts on
put your seat belts on guys because I've
always wanted to be a monster truck
driver and now's my chance
hello
and welcome super
Wow we got gentlemen we also forgot to
mention that Jake Paul is an amateur in
this show well things are getting weird
guys what I was saying earlier is that
like there's this man coming over his
name is Oh God and he's bringing over
like the most disgusting like ratchet
insane food on the earth I'm gonna feed
it to everyone on Team 10 but yo
speaking of team 10 the house is under
construction you guys saw it yesterday
look at the progress that is my beds
ballers pop right out of better be ready
to bug we're also installing like these
light fixtures with the help of Chad
guys we are basically like making a ton
of light poles on the outside of the
house so that we're actually able to
film at night it's gonna be so bright
like the Sun can we get a replay did you
film that neighs yeah I'm always good
because I'm always in Jake paws blog hey
guys we're back for another episode of
Team antenna so far there's currently a
zebra in our yard also they say that
this zebra is twice as dangerous as the
line that we've had on our team 10
safaris in my sneak peak stay low we
don't want to be spotted he's
approximately 10 yards away zebras are
native to southern california usually
but the team 10 house everything lives
here and per usual on these team to
inspire his clothes no animals were hurt
in the making
and we're preserving wildlife to the
best of our ability let's see if we can
get it closer look now we have this
barrier here protecting us in case
anything goes wrong however we want to
spice things up a little bit the only
way I can get closer to a zebra zebra
guys before we get this Instagram
picture we got another cute Instagram
picture this morning roll the clip oh my
god first thing I'm gonna start off with
this where's the competition I'm out
here taking the hottest Instagram
pictures of 2018 I got a lion
I got Minnie Jake Paul and I'm matching
on camera and then I take Tyler prisoner
and Madison's
baby twins dressed them in cotton candy
give them cotton candy put on my cotton
candy merch Lincoln bio and I must to
take the cutest IG pic of 2018 that's on
Instagram yet that's a fact does it get
any cuter than this she's agreeing with
me if you put if you saw those subtitles
that were just on the screen she said
there's nothing cuter than this I need
somebody out here to Kontest with my IG
game they're twins so they don't know
what they look like like this is a
mirror so she thinks that she's playing
with her twin right now this is the
cutest thing in the world guys oh my god
not only do we have the coolest
Instagram pictures but we got the
coolest backpacks cuz who's doing this
color tone nobody and we're back Paul
Feig everything I didn't think our
Instagram pictures could get any dope
but I was
you've got to use a uniform where is the
competition but now guys it is the
moment you guys have all been waiting
for we are about to prank all of team 10
and I finally made it look at this guys
you don't need the glasses it's real
y'all thought it was a game look at this
look at this guys that someone think it
was a game I think they thought it was a
guy I can't with a tattoo right there
brawl no first name no last name his
name is simply food god stuff oh he's
got the food we'll prepare it for you
guys all in one second okay I don't
think he's actually ready he doesn't
know that it's like terrible stuff yo
what up murder Mart marina dude do you
talk her eats out at a restaurant every
every day three times a day three times
a day I have no refrigerator in my house
I don't cook I don't clean all I do is
eat so murder comes with me if I got my
food so I don't get poison like the
president as a food tester I got murder
all he does is giggle randomly which is
sometimes embarrassing like right now
and I'm hoping he's gonna stop a little
weird
you brought the food in a Gucci suit
case was that is that not good enough no
that's amazing oh no I don't know if you
want to go yard or mess I'm sorry I
don't want to disappoint you but when
you sell bushi I love it bro I think I'm
gonna come to the team ten house without
bringing some really special food
there's not a chance in hell I'm gonna
walk in here with pizza I'm so excited
to see what's in here
yo does they always make that noise
women always I knew you were gonna say
that it always makes that noise everyone
in deep then thinks they're getting like
a five-star delicacy like nice Italian
imported meal no we're not doing that I
mean though rat tail taco warm burrito
dog food tarantula leg burrito Gore pian
tail taco burrito cockroach quesadilla
how about that about that delicacy all
right so we're gonna take the labels off
guys we're gonna disguise these food
items such as the core pian tail sour
scorpion tail cocktail and and they're
gonna and we're gonna make you team ten
members eat it huh I'm gonna have to
tell them to eat it like right away this
is man's to you how do you want to touch
it
cockroach Keith's idea is that they're
like yeah yeah yeah yeah all right let's
get it right let's get it ready
okay guys everything is set up look at
this it looks nice you know we even got
the candle everything it's great and
food god I just want to give them a
round of applause right now
yeah well I just was on vacation I was
in Mexico and I flew back here in LA
private and I wanted to bring this to
you guys it's from the best restaurant
in Mexico five-star chef everything is
like so sexy la my best this the best
that I know the guy the cheese in there
is like $500 and I couldn't come to the
team ten house for the first time see
great to see the boys without bring some
I want you guys to do before you dig
what I want you guys to do is describe
what you're tasting to the viewers
Findley kind of be here with us
burrito hill taco congratulations Chad
you actually had the dog food leg
burrito and these two these two kind of
went uneaten because people who their
own sauce oh yeah yours was the scorpion
tail there you go you're like crying in
my view murder is kind of weird really
weird I don't know how I feel about I'm
a yo yeah yeah yeah you get it right
back yeah yeah
yeah no I think it was trying to say
March March Lincoln mile yeah and go get
the hottest march in the game fan joy
Kobach so sleek well is that what you're
saying well that was fun get better
every day smile every day chase your
dreams every day rep the merch every day
that's what it's all about guys go to
Phandroid that callbacks landscape all
right now or the link in the description
and joy so with that said this has been
a day at the team tan house join the
strongest team on YouTube smash that
subscribe button right now because we're
the most lit you're dead fluence calm
right now take my course and how to be a
youtuber how to be a vlogger and I will
see y'all tomorrow because it's everyday
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive marg exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
