they just clean the pool today now
there's now there's all this paper in it
you know I'm gonna get them back so good
morning je crois vlogs we are doing it
big today let's get this day started so
this morning I woke up extremely sick
I'm always sick but ill no no not funny
okay magic magic magic oh my mom's
calling hey mom hi how are you okay I'm
vlogging bro yep never vlog before my
life all my blog camera I'm gonna lose
my vlog camera um say hi to the Jake
Pollard's I get caller oh the vlog
camera is flying everywhere mom I might
have to go this is dangerous I know it's
dangerous but I'm a professional driver
so it's fine yeah
so it's fine yeah we can't talk in your
vlog I know I'll call you later all
right love you bye
ah love my mom she's great okay so as I
was saying I woke up this morning
extremely sick I had to take medicine
drink some juice have some tea
have some vitamin C and I'm now driving
around Los Angeles just finished up a
couple of meetings
hashtag do you even do business brah see
I'm sick I'm sick but we still out here
grindin bro cure your sickness kids
going to an event later okay and I got
this email of the dress code it's a
pretty you know big event to read on
what it is no no we don't tell them what
this here's that the wait and watch it's
a big event it's a finale of a TV show a
really popular TV shit that the most
popular TV show I just told you what it
is if you know TV dang it at so dress
code
do not wear white or striped shirts for
the odds that on this exact day that I'm
going to this then I am wearing a white
striped shirt that's crazy
hopefully we get to make vlogs with
famous people you'll see you'll see what
it is Lucas and Marcus somehow convinced
me that they're going to wrap me with
wrapping paper and we're going to like
take pictures and and make some music
leaves and stuff so you're literally
just gonna like wrap my whole entire
body yeah
all right I'm down let's do it let's do
it this is what we do bro f with us yo
how many roles did you get like eight
hopefully it's enough yeah
so they're gonna wrap me up in this
paper and I'm gonna have one of them
film me in the wrapping paper so we'll
be right back Jake are you ready to do
that musically hey already they look
good
the bass is all she wants for Christmas
is you see ya guys um see ya we're gonna
make them musically with them and then
the song is going to be all I want for
Christmas is you so hi guys so Jake does
not know this but we're gonna this is a
prank so we're gonna push him in the
pool he does not know this at all we
told me we're gonna make them musically
with him but he has no idea let's see
how this works out he's like not able to
move so let's see if you could get out
of it
all right so we have Kate here to help
us out with the musically what's up baby
follow you off for Christmas is me I can
make your wish come true
what about actually laying under Bayes
Christmas tree like this
they just clean the pool today now
there's now there's all this paper in it
no I'm gonna get them back so ah I no no
no I will throw you guys in with me
don't no one mess with me I guess I had
to change my shirt anyways for the event
later so true but they just cleaned the
pool the his arriving favor all in the
bottom of the pool that was a ball
camera on though yeah bro they started I
think they knew they like they like
perched it like a crooked they like
perched it toward the tulle the pool
they like knew what was gonna happen a
few moments later
love it so hard it takes years off of
life he took our wrapping paper on his
bed no it's not a prank if you tell him
I'm going through a lot right I'm
pregnant I got the order to pull that
off it was ugly anyway I'm gonna take a
hot shower whatever I did it to get
Louisa Marcus back is going to be epic
I'm literally gonna start scheming right
now swapping the shower I'm going to
ponder if you thought about this hear it
back
woo so I thought about it I have a
really good one I'm basically just gonna
tell them that they're not twins Oh
joke have you seen those airbag videos
like where they put an airbag in like
someone's couch would that be too far
would that would that be taking things
to a new high I feel like they would
just get launched in the air though and
then do like a backflip or some cool
trick and then be fine I could be wrong
no but they're so like acrobatic I'm
still thinking I need to think think
think that
still got it
still long got it dang it yo look who
made it
AJ no no I'm talking Oh me yeah I'm
talking about you either
yeah yo are you ready to go to the voice
event I'm so excited it's gonna be
something that's the first time I
announced at my blog today so you
guessed it or you maybe did it but we're
going to the voice finale so everyone's
gonna be singing and it's the last voice
show that's it right
oh you want to give them a preview of
how it's gonna sound yeah I need the
twins oh there's there that they sit up
there for Wi-Fi that's the best spot in
the house for Wi-Fi no you can't sing
yeah oh yeah I can do that way yeah yeah
okay yeah cuts it up sick a 1 a 1 a 1 2
3 7
did you just say you forgot the only
selected here's like singing cuz I
forgot about what are you wearing you
ever like dress on and a football jersey
no don't do that no stop no da yo what
are you doing what is the last name say
golf yeah I'm dating him haha that's
cute wait I thought you and Jack were
dating no Alyssa actually hates me isn't
that right Alyssa you hate me right
what what I yeah just call that with it
yay
dang why do I keep on saying dang it and
you just stop saying dang it dang what
that oh there's something on the screen
yeah it's a little mark you got it or
should I get it no your lipsticks gonna
get us let me look it know it that look
weird on camera oh it's all foggy now
get your active viewer wishes contact
lenses today squad squad
what squat squat squat squat you the
whip
excuse me sir smoking kills don't do
that don't do that
I'm trying to help you I'm helping you
help you
my grandma smokes and and she's he just
he's rolling away
he's rolling away can't run sir don't
smoke I'm gonna follow you on Instagram
and make sure you're not smoking make
sure you post regularly on your story so
I know for sure he does not want
anything to do with me it's like all my
ex-girlfriends all right no come on you
can't be smoking I'm trying to save the
world if you stop smoking we can date
she she puts it right back in yo on the
real though I shouldn't have logged
today man I'm too sick
bootjet father's name me brah Oh
actually I'll oh let's say can you
please vlog for me I'm gonna die I'm
gonna sleep leave off you guys start
taking over I don't know how to talk
about I was kind of just put on the spot
so I'm gonna talk about my grandpa um he
was a good man um very funny I think
that's where so violets not really my
last name it's actually my middle name
um my full name is a list of violet
Murray I'm not going to tighten my last
name you'll probably find out in a
couple of years but I'm not going to
tell you now all right guys what was a
good talk I'm gonna give back the camera
to Sagitta jig oh they made us Park in
Africa is literally about to be a mile
walk because the Sprinter van wouldn't
fit in the parking garage whose idea was
it to get the Sprinter van oh god yeah
okay you're right hitchhike it's like
please we need a ride please help nope
come on we have to walk to there look
how far that is oh my gosh
so we made it into civilization this is
like these are like stages basically
what that is is where they film like all
of these movies so if you see that's
like wide open in there it's like a wide
open stage and they build like whole
sets in there for movies so when it
looks like something's like outside
for example Planet of the Apes that was
like all shot on a stage all of that was
fake stage 12 finally where we need to
go okay so we're here we finally made it
if you just look at there that's
what's-his-name Adam Levin that's pretty
cool that's pretty chill I'm not mad at
that
Adam big hand loose marks are you
nervous
he's pretty cool he's famous hi stuff
you were supposed to pick us up right
it's okay we walked and it turned into a
sad montage and it's completely fine
right now yeah cruising down the street
in my six-four bobbing around we lost AJ
and Alyssa so we're going backstage and
gonna find them hopefully I found them I
found him hey J hey J hey J backstage
right now I feel really cool we're about
to go watch people like practice their
performances so let in here
I li
me family bro we're Disney family Stevie
kill it bro when you're vlogging you
have to clap with your face
Oriana if you're watching this I dig
your cue today I have ice cream here
yeah I already asked the answers now you
always want to lick me no no you can't
lick me these like professional events
just like aren't ready for us they're
not ready for us at all they're not
ready for me look at where Guinea aisle
that already like it just like we pull
out a camera inside film it's got past
all you guys got ya told my boss
forecasts boom can't be having the
professional cameras back that up even
vlog bro look why don't we go check that
up everywhere just gonna have a camera
yo tweet us if you saw it on TV this is
going up a day later but if you saw it
tweet me right now I'm here with kiss
and get a kiss
what's up Oh Alyssa I got a kiss from
kiss do I get one too well maybe kind of
there's nothing wrong with that we like
you look at that there's nothing wrong
with you curse you Jean Jane Jane my boy
my boy he won the kiss where once you
give me your tongue no no it's fine I'm
just trying to get a kiss from kiss yes
it is coming your ear
it's kind of scary what's up bro I will
do flow 19 I'm a minor
during all final no I'm a minor I'm also
a kind of an albino - good book and
you're gonna be popular in jail I'm sure
Oh yo I would be spool Savage is it
possible to get a kiss from kiss I'm
straight with tongue same 100% we're
dating we're dating straight thing yeah
yeah I just wanna kiss
I got cheek kiss you don't talk like
that yes the other party no no sure yeah
man what I know how we're actors call
zero I tried you know that's the most
you can do is try that would have been
legendary to get a kiss from kiss but
you know hey you know uh Lily died I got
the shivers need six socks bro you got a
hot it got pushed through that bra you
got a blog with the kiss with the kiss I
said arrow
you got a vlog with kiss honestly Miley
Miley I'll turn it off
she loves me Loki
like three minutes a week I'm sure best
of both worlds you should I made it to
our seats and the show is about AJ
you're gonna be on a stage like this one
day
well right it's just a matter for two
for us alright so whatever goes home I
hope you saw Julia sparsity delicious
but I saw thing on and on it's over so
okay we're leaving literally die are you
barely breathe perseverance okay we're
on the back of a golf cart it's freezing
Jake is so cool he's going in to write a
thermic shock it's okay agree make sure
to subscribe this channel like this
video comment below if you think Jake
will be okay I think people make so
let's take Polish we don't make it
though we're gonna make it everyday it's
every day
you
