out here shooting skits for the
Christmas holidays because that's how we
do a man is dressed as an elf actually
look like an elf hello
look it's recording Oh yo yo what about
yo this is my life brah welcome to it
you know
you two stay there yeah come on let's do
this let's have a fun day good morning
people
oh good morning people or should I say
Jake
Pollard's oh hey we just came up with
that name it's our official vlog family
name cuz all we do is Paul bro seconds
all along puns
puns Monday you're mine I own it I did
this new cool really trendy thing where
I put a bandana on my leg it until I
cover to fill in the hole in my jeans
yeah so that's new alright I'm gonna do
a quick time-lapse like all of the cool
vloggers do and then we're gonna get
today started here we go
that was lit bro
good morning twins how are you guys oh I
feel like you guys have to consult with
each other before you speak you're like
they look at each other like it's okay
if I say this and then they go they like
have what is it
telepathy do you guys actually have
telepathy do you guys do any other like
cool tricks like the Olsen twins like in
that one movie they did that like little
handshake thingy majiggy do you guys do
any of that that seemed kinda random
okay we're working with it yeah that's
that's rough I'm mad I'm really mad you
want to know why I'll tell you why do
you good every time I do something good
my brother just has to go and do
something better and I'm sick of it I
make a commercial with the rock right
we're the commercial together see what
does my brother do he he goes and he
makes a blog with him makes a book I'm
sick of it Logan why can't I just do
something better than you for once huh
let me have a moment but you know what
you know what I'm also doing a collab
today oh yeah and it's also with the
rock
just kidding bro I'm proud of you I'm
proud of you Logan
give it up for Logan yeah Logan no good
job bro I'm that's awesome bro we're
gonna bro I just did bro a lot bro no
but yeah that that's that's super cool
rise of the pawls baby
we might just conquer this little place
that they call honey word you want to
know why cuz someone's got to do it easy
breh what are you guys doing just
chillin yeah
all right cool did you guys get scared
when I threw the chair oh okay high five
yes you're twins right oh yeah I mean I
guess we all right Marcus knowledge kids
do but yo have you guys met my twin - oh
yeah he's right over there Haley Cody
like Cody Cody yeah yeah come in these
twins they do like question stuff right
yeah we're kind of here Oh Cody what is
it exactly yeah yeah we love it yeah we
wear the same anger it's all good Cody
yeah kind of weird hi I take audio steel
yo yo Oh break it down break ease now Oh
Cody Wow he is a character for sure yeah
you guys might see more of Cody
throughout the vlogs he kind of just
like randomly pops up in different
places I don't know he's a weird kid
somebody is coming over in a little bit
but before that I need energy in my
belly we don't go get some juice
my the only one that like whenever I
don't eat I just get so angry and any
little thing just annoys me there's a
really oh shut up
just like really a non-jury yo I'm so
happy right now I got this I'm just
gonna eat it all I'm gonna put it in my
better in my belly
that was delicious
OOP sorry Stan's car yo you know someone
here oh I know you you look you guys
look who's here look who's here look
Alyssa's here I'm joking
let me take the focus off hi Amanda
um I heard you broke your camera in New
York yeah smashed down the ground what's
at mine and I guess I smashed my do that
with myself shattered myself it's not as
bad I mean it's still vlog about mine
just completely cracked in half so I got
this new one oh but you got the upgrade
one that focuses way better is it
focusing on my face yeah how do I look
very clear and smooth yeah okay so we're
we gonna do film some stuff take some
pictures seen each other in forever yeah
I know and I'm just blogging the whole
experience high five yes yeah I'll watch
it when I'm 40 I was that short how long
ago was that
dang I was short no I don't think I was
that short was I is that mr. Walia
though you definitely like I went
through puberty yeah a little bit I'm
becoming a man yeah
what all right let's shoot some stuff
and I'm not talking about guns out here
shooting skits for the Christmas
holidays because that's how we do a man
is dressed as an elf actually look like
an elf you do it's good that's what you
were going for that's man
but that'd say okay okay
that's mash for sure Shh okay so I got
this I got this this present for the
skit and it's low-key lingerie like shit
I'm making it put it on for this skit
it's fine though it's for the skit
that's all for duh no other reason and
why we want this to happen am I in this
I can be Amanda no you can there's no
resemblance look at that all right
Amanda so you're going to be sitting on
this bed like it's yours and I'm gonna
come running in with this gift and then
Kate's gonna film it Marcus says he can
be you but he really can't these candles
are going to make it seem more like
Christmas so it's all planned out and
then you just put on the outfit and then
you know we got this we got this the
point of the video is using the holidays
to your advantage so basically I have a
man that go under the mistletoe I get a
kiss I take the blankets away she wants
to snuggle and for the holidays I got
her a gift which is lingerie Oh
you can't open it she can't even open
the box what's in the box what's in the
box so Jake what did you do today
oh nothing no nothing nothing just
chilled that's basically it I mean
there's a chill day hey yo that skit is
about the mark of the Internet
wait for it Instagram oh so good for
over four five all right bye Amanda we
killed it until next time
and stay out just kidding I love you
Amanda oh such a nice girl I've known
Amanda for like a really long time and
she's become like a sister to me
okay Jake don't get emotional
I'm just kidding yeah but she's dope
what you guys always just there and
looking at me I get so self-conscious
around them tell me how you really feel
guys no I won't let you have this I
won't let you have this yeah on a
mission get the bear out of here
boo come on hey go on a minute woh Kaun
true
to hand her over gun ah
in the sky it's so beautiful bro it's
orange bro oh my God look at how sick
this is it's like it's like the
wallpapers on your desktop I can feel it
this is why I love Los Angeles for this
exact reason right now they didn't have
that in Ohio yeah you can't really see
that cuz the Lighting's on me but they
didn't have that in Ohio I mean I still
like Ohio but they didn't have that come
on bro you gotta have that in your life
and just look at it and wait say that
again I think my boy Patrick's here
he has no idea we're up here is probably
minute yeah why are these kids on the
roof P fini fini she's in like all my
vlogs now all right on three on three
we're gonna see how hey Patrick ready
one two three hey Patrick hmm he's like
so nonchalant about it like it was a
normal thing for us to be happy on the
roof welcome to our house that's ours
gonna be staying with us for a couple of
days yeah just the front door over there
there might be a killer clown so watch
out okay good yo look at this what we're
following him look at the out Kim tan
shout out we're following the Larry's
office
he's infiltrated off his first thing all
Patrick knows is work you went straight
into the office there's like one of
those movie scenes were like you hold it
like like watch hold it and I just like
zip line now boom boom
I come crashing down there except we
don't have the technology to do that we
just have a little small vlog camera but
he's mingling with Alyssa now he's
mingling with Alyssa he's gonna swoop
Alyssa that's my girl that's my girl
just kidding calm down don't pee Finny
with popping blood every time every time
we meet on our vlog we're saying I pee
pee about to go to the gym put that
workout clothes on son
yeah whoa but the real question is do
you Jake Pollard's even lift bruh
Paul
so guys as you can see these are things
to not do in the gym so whatever it is
reporting for you do not try to do any
of those exercises if you want games you
don't want games carry on and continue
what he's doing but if you do don't do
it got my protein on the way back to the
crib Oh Busey just cooked me bro come on
I got game son
I'm swollen like a bruise boy now it's
all good though I love you fousey jake
Pollard's hey today has been lit I'm
gonna get some more work done stay on
that grind you gotta want it it's every
day wrap Jake call ballsy girl start
drinking and from the ball
