know your property drop the camera okay
okay I'm sorry I'll turn it off now I'm
sorry I just I just like mistletoe yo
this is hilarious how many times do I
gotta keep doubtless know we're back yo
guys if you did watch this in his log
you would know that my camera is broken
I smashed it oh oh oh oh dang it dropped
it again I just got to the camera store
and got a new camera which is what I'm
talking to you guys on it feels weird
knocking a lot I had this one we've gone
through such good memories love you this
was like the first 65 vlogs I'm gonna
keep it as memorabilia
I'm with Lucas and Marcus takeaway I'm
hungry what you guys are hungry okay I'm
just trying to intro my vlog guys
today's about to be fun it's a Sunday
weathers kind of gloomy today in Los
Angeles ooh truck Donald Trump air here
we go let's get the day started
cruising down the street and my 6-4 Jake
goes through the drive-thru hi there
hello hello whoo there how can you help
me well that's another subject I need
lots of help but as far as food goes
quesarito and like can I please have a
diet water diet yeah make sure it's diet
yeah to Crunchwrap Supremes and one
quesadilla pepperoni pizza that's it hmm
that that's it isn't you can hear me hey
what's up my man
how you doing today livin good I got I
call a paper the food paper the food
going all out today $25 for lunch bro
damn me up son oh you touch my hand
oh yeah the diet water
it's not we good so much more fast food
scare watch
it's a is a Frank
dr. now my own mild sauce she didn't
think we're cruising down the street and
my six-four treating skits today it's
all about content so I'm going over to
my friends house we're gonna shoot
something with Star Wars I guess brah
I want this car I'm gonna take it
let's do any it's too heavy I'm out
we've been kind of going all over the
place but right now we're on Hollywood
Boulevard just grabbing some more shots
guys Oh found a crowd you even lift
I started Callisto you shot a couple
weeks ago Roy you're going you're going
good
that's good yeah I've been doing it for
like five years now and what happened
yeah you got something I got a little
bit right you just drink horse milk or
what uh yeah and go me Oh
goat milk okay you know where to get
goat milk a dog the whole Gabrielle gone
oh I got bored
he got bars you've got this you've got
this game swing yeah
hey hey hi biz my turn it's my turn to
drop it ready about here on Hollywood
Boulevard
I'm about to cop a new car I'm about to
go really far I'm a star I'm a shooting
star you can wish on me I'm the best in
the league NBA 2k16 catch me I don't
know what I'll say that was good though
right my fighters hey hey I thought it
would pull apart let's think about
something for a second look at these
eventually when when Hollywood respects
digital stars digital stars are gonna
have their own star but instead of like
the microphone or like the TV or the
film thing it's gonna be an iPhone 7 bro
yo y'all yeah yo Jake what are you
wearing dude only Shirin shucks oh I was
going to change he doesn't know how to
dress
it's like really bad it's kind of
embarrassing whatever dude yeah okay yo
yo yo what are you doing how's this you
just put on the same shirt is I mean
women losing getting a zero Duke take
that oh you take the shake up no you
don't you take it off what do you say so
the skit that we're filming is a Star
Wars skit so we're all dressed in stars
as star war characters walking down the
street we look ridiculous right now
hey guys oh sorry I know it's not a real
lightsaber so we're about to have a
we're about to have a lightsaber battle
super lightsaber battle I mean me and
you yeah bro
oh you got veins for your veins I think
it's gonna go down well I'm gonna lose
we're few songs in here like nachos with
this we're actually gonna find what
you're the director right right yeah
it's hard
slow motion makes everything cooler bro
oh no he got me I watch this in slow
motion oh I linked back up with Lucas
and Marcus hey like cruising down the
street and my six-four store do you guys
have a routine that you could dance
right here with alright let me talk it
over alright so they're having a huddle
there they're figuring out a gank game
plan to see if they can dance right are
you guys already thought of Oh yo yo oh
my god no no I like you too but look at
this dog oh my gosh Mormon hi
oh my god can I take it please please I
want it so bad yeah and Anita Graham how
many followers is a half mm he's not
famous yet yeah doesn't matter how many
followers you have what matters the
inside okay they have a million to have
a million on Instagram take a deep
breath no I don't know I don't know I
don't they're gonna dance ready are you
ready all right you guys got it this
time don't mess up a big mug full of fat
light hey
really cool yeah yo you guys killed it
bro professionally wish you uh hi guys
look what's your app I wanna poppy so
bad oh my god it just it was just like
yo just got this new Versace necklace
hiding in a bush like across the street
oh yo yo this is a mistletoe bro we
should get a mistletoe and hang in our
house let's get one do that I'm gonna go
up to people in the store you like this
above us and see if I can get a kitchen
look Oh
we're under the mistletoe okay no no no
the dog and I Oh
oh I got a kiss from the dog you only
one in the mistletoe no we got it we got
it that we ended up underneath the
mistletoe kiss kiss one no runner the
missile down come on come on come on
nobody has to your boyfriend yo he gonna
be in it - come on get under it let's go
here look look look sure she won't be
mad right look look it kiss kiss just a
kiss all right no that's fine
okay oh look we're both under the
mistletoe come on good luck one more one
more this girl's really hot she's really
hot under the mistletoe we're under the
mistletoe that means we have to kiss you
know it happened it happened it came out
of nowhere
just just one kiss yeah she's down ready
ready
oh wait wait but the lips I love it on
the list no no no okay yeah it almost
worked it almost worked I know your
private property Johnson Cameron okay
okay I'm sorry
I'll turn it off now I'm sorry I just I
just like mistletoe yo this is hilarious
how many times do I got to get kicked
out this job okay bye
next is that way well I'm buying stuff
no I get my band
oh my bad we do not want your business
anymore you come over here and you're
summing up for property you do sheep by
are you mad at me yes I'm mad you and
your little buddies go buy we're just
make Minds doing it she said vines dead
here yo she knows my name she knows my
name I wonder if she calls me that's the
low key thing make sure you like the
video and subscribe make sure you like
the video make sure that make sure you
like the video and subscribe make sure
you like it subscribe like and subscribe
she needs she needs some holiday hugs
she was not having it at all he went
straight roast session on me and she
said finds dead bro and then I was
getting out the store she started
laughing like it was funny and now she's
probably gonna watch this video and yo
what's up girl yo what's up I think
you're cute by the way
thanks it was kind of hot when you
kicked me out he put me on the naughty
list bro I was the funniest thing ever I
was just trying to get some kisses you
know underneath the mistletoe it's a
song and then she said I was banned from
the store like brah uh I'm yeah I'm
probably ban also I got a kiss from the
hottest girl that I did the mistletoe
thing with so that was the success we
had an instant replay on that
I don't even know if she spoke English
but I kissed her they don't want me to
vlog bro but I'm still gonna do it
move you summer kiss please I'm praying
for you guys to make it through my boys
ah they got the stuff he got this stuff
yo yeah I got a kiss from the really hot
one and then I got kicked out no she
went roast on me she was like mine's
dead you're not funny like all this
stuff vines never but she knew my name
which means she's watching this video
what we have all of our Christmas
goodies and the mistletoe that I'm going
to hang up somewhere but first I'm going
to test it out on Alyssa no no no no I'm
on the call so I'm going to hang this
but it's a little bit too tall for me to
grab so I need one of the twins or two
of the twin time how many we're gonna
write okay oh thank you yes there we go
I'm waiting here Alyssa just casual
nothing to see here just walk over here
if you can't walk right here
come on so my logic was I like this is
kind of out of it
to walk here yeah but if we were to hang
it there everybody's gotta walk in the
front you're right you're right bro
walks in and I'm just like and it's
their position me talk to vlog and do
this how do I love you
I mean how does it look we put it to the
test let's test it now I'm just hanging
out here at the team 10 house that
headquarters always hung up
mistletoe did you hear that someone not
oh hey let's knock on it yeah we're just
out making the video really yeah what it
didn't work
chill over one on the mistletoe be
honest though but you think I can catch
it
alright this is Jay Cole this is the
dare show oh yeah it pulled me down
I caught it though yeah Mon bro
hate the camera no what is it what is it
free Chipotle we're looking to Bullock
Erica what's up say hi to the vlog they
then they miss you they always come it
where's Erica where's Erica no one
coming so I'm just trying to make her
feel good about herself
Erica if you're watching this it's kind
of awkward I'm meeting someone healthy
today the holidays right it's Christmas
it's fine yeah everyone is unhealthy
fine the justification that you make
when you're eating on how many head
what's a Sunday yeah
oh it's a Wednesday I worked out today
it's cold out I need the calories to
keep it warm
Oh with my brother's friend's birthday
had four almonds this morning I didn't
even eat you know there's a new episode
of his aardvark on tonight are you guys
gonna watch it with me oh no what do you
mean it's a Christmas edition bro it's
not Christmas yet
yeah hey but it's but it's in a couple
of days we'll see two hours later
Oh what do you guys are watching wait
what is it what is this yo is that me yo
is that me bro my TV did you get popcorn
bro
smashed it oh my God thank you I know
it's really good looking good
well that's Rosanna pansino she's famous
on YouTube I think look at her I mean
one of those jerks a piece alone I don't
like being cultured shit you guys are
jerks it's so weird seeing myself on TV
like because I used to watch Disney
Channel growing up and now I like watch
myself on it it doesn't feel real you
know what I mean I guess I saw that was
an awesome episode of his our huge
moment right now I did a Twitter poll to
see what we should call ourselves for
the vlogs the vlog family and the
decision is in four thousand of you
voted the four options were jar me Jake
Pollard's Jake crew and Jake inators and
the winner by one percent of the votes
was Jake Poehler just Jake Pollard's I
love the name you know I used to play
basketball we're all out here Poland and
there's so much stuff that we could do
to it so for the first time my family
what is up
Jake Pollard's thinking something like
this Jake poem oh that's kind of hot
right yo what are you doing bro
hey Paul seconds follow along
all right so we're officially the Jake
Polar's so if you're a parlor just let
me know brah just that comment I'm gonna
be replying to you guys a Jake Palmer
comes back every day they follow me on
Instagram Twitter YouTube musically
myspace Facebook everything
Jake Pollard's oh it's been real today
was awesome we came with our name we got
kicked out of stores like usual thank
you so much for watching every single
day don't forget to like this video the
more likes the more Jake Paul has come
baby I will see you guys tomorrow it's a
Monday kill it Metta world and peace
