we're also fleek my brother I don't have
a brother
Oh know who my login Paul I don't know
who that is
yo do you guys know Logan Paul is New
York City we are out here bro it is
early freezing out I'm I look like uh
you know I don't know what I look like
about to get this workout in broke is
all we do is grind it's a daily thing
bro you wouldn't know this vlog so hard
mother can't find me I broke my camera
cuz I vlog too hard bro you don't know
this life let's get this workout in what
do you know about heading back to Los
Angeles later Jake Paul vlogs let's do
this do freestyle no I freestyle bro
here the camera round with me everywhere
I go cuz I freestyle every single time
I'm in an uber seriously yeah will you
drop some bars for us or no no you
nervous he's nervous he's nervous bro oh
you're just chilling I understand that
whoo
killed that workout bro did you see that
did you see the buns part wait let me
let me replay this last part for you
brah I'm about to have the nicest buns
call them Krabby Patties bro bun sign my
anaconda don't want none unless you got
buns hot buns let's do it
whoo you freestyle you rap drop some
bars you got this
no none of them nothing they don't know
every style you got this just drop some
hot bars right now early morning it's
10:00 a.m. you got this no you don't
want it don't what's up my man can I get
a 15 espresso shots
really I know I'm joking I'm joking calm
down mama what's good here
honestly everything cause your dance
moves
yes you said everything's good you look
like you can hit that nae nae wha
yellow this coffee is delicious get some
fuel for the day so we're in New York
the weather's actually like not that bad
today and we're just gonna walk around
you know maybe do some shopping
I need to buy my mom and dad Christmas
presents and Logan and you know all my
friends so no one we're in our hotel
room right now about the mob around we
requested a late check-out but we went
past that because we need that Wi-Fi we
got to upload these videos son look at
this they have these net that if people
jump off it catches them all right i'ma
see if it works now
i'ma see if it works it should work
right is the circus grow real life I
guess you're right
whatever Oh fine I won't jump off of it
God on the way to the store gonna go
Christmas shopping for my family on such
a good kid no no kidding no I'm doing
that of the goodness of my heart you
freestyle do freestyle what do they yeah
I said what is that yeah what is that
what is that Oh New York I love you
this girl says she thinks she's she
she's a Viner say hi she said I think I
see a Viner right now I was like no bro
I'm a youtuber bro Wow Neal oh dude it's
like what you guys just fly next to you
oh you think I'm gonna get hit
yeah I don't think I'm gonna do it
anymore yeah we walked into the store
and then we realized that Oh spinning
door spinning our room Oh bro yo I'm
gonna have Trump hair so bad walking
through these streets like the wind just
takes it look at that Trump hair we
realized if we bought the stuff now we
have a ton of bags in our hand and we
couldn't mop around New York and do
stuff so we're gonna shop later in the
day yeah we should have thought of that
beforehand yeah yeah probably right
super smart we're really smart well
we're also flying back to Los Angeles
tonight not going to the Bahamas anymore
dang it there was a severe weather
warning and tornado warning in the
Bahamas so we couldn't even like take a
flight in definitely definitely sort of
upset about it a little bit is that
Santa yo Santa oh my god Oh Santa's look
at you guys what are you doing all
dressed up like Santa you're not Santa
that wasn't Santa that's a fake Santa
check this out I found a horse are you
subscribed are you subscribe I'm kind of
scared of it honestly yo what's up bro
why you got those things on your face Q
you think that's cute hey that's your
style bro I mean fine there's so many
horses I'm so confused look at horse
horse like what is what's what's
happening I can make the most like
cinematic and cool video right now if we
like put it in slow-motion and I have
really cool music
well well well look who decided to show
up to the party I'm violet Alyssa Alyssa
over dah so I can have your number I
can't have your number then yo Alyssa
they made a pop-up store for you nuts
for nuts hey yo this is so cute I want
to get married here one day Oh Alyssa
will you hold my camera when I get
married you said I was gonna stay up
you're gonna say Liz will you marry me
you're so cocky and full of yourself
yeah you're good at swimming right
here's the move right now I'm gonna
climb up this tree sit right there and
that's gonna be the Instagram picture
that's sick didn't we give me
mouth-to-mouth no I'm always trying all
right I'm gonna call him up there let's
do that you want my truck do you follow
it on Instagram yeah then you can have
my truck not gonna fall in though I'm an
athlete
you know that was sketchy I don't look
is this the photo my but this one does
it look good you're not an Instagram but
model dude oh you're right
does this look sketchy because I mean
your deal I'm like the kid from The
Jungle Book right now you it's actually
you know I almost fell did you see that
there it is ten the score that we said
made Olympic history only days ago at
this point my body has frozen what's up
man yeah bro no no I'll just get in bro
it's a prank
ah so how's the people say hi let's take
a picture row let's do it we're oh so
fleek my brother I don't have a brother
know who my login Paul I don't know who
that is
yo do you guys know Logan tall is you do
I know Lee here was I I don't know I
just saw his picture and Instagram oh
you thought we were brothers
he's from dos Anjos I guess okay ha well
I'm from there too actually
oh yeah yeah and what are you doing here
I'm just vlogging bro that's all I do
you look like me kind of who's
better-looking though you I know like
what you say he's stronger you said he
said I'm better-looking yeah I'll be
said he's stronger yeah okay he were
cold everything yeah well maybe maybe
I'll uh I'll look this guy up and see
what he's all about you know have a good
day yeah I don't know who Logan Paul is
people always ask me about them I just
don't know the part you're gonna find
who it is you're gonna like pull up like
find you since you're clean yeah so many
people yeah yeah maybe we do a collab
yeah you should reach out to a movie
like Road you get people saying that you
look like
sometimes two and then we could collab
bro that's genius so anyways as I was
saying I'm freezing cold but I can't
feel it anymore so I'm not even actually
cold I just numb my body's completely
numb though I swear I was walking down
the street and I caught a whiff of a
whiff of like Alyssa's room then I
looked over to my right and it's the New
York City Zoo would you look at that are
you mad or not yeah it's working it's
working
yeah the taxes are common it's working
didn't work back at the store to shop
for my family guys family if you're
watching this stop watching otherwise
you're gonna know what I got you so
don't watch any further I'm in the men's
section from my dad my dad's name is
Greg Paul he looks like this he's a
savage bro
I don't know what to get him let's see
I'm gonna shop here we go I'm so bad at
this there's so many options
ah I'm just gonna sleep ah so we're
asleep
ah six and a half hours later oh ah mm
how long was I asleep for
oh I already BOTS himself and checked
out I just came back up to see if you're
all right
wish I get my dad shoo shoo just want
you
do we just have a moment yo a moment row
no I'm trying to get her digits though
yo my dad would love this
check out the first item for my dad yo
would it be weird to buy my dad
underwear
alright
oh oh what are those those are fake bro
you can't run from that they're fake
it's okay you know I was I was uh you
know at a low point once in my life too
and you know I might have got fake easy
to no no that's the one
yo my dad's gonna love this yo that's
great
large large using is a large right he's
a big guy
large oh my god oh yes okay I got my
dad's stuff now time to shop for my mom
she's a nice young lady she's really
good-looking she looks like that so cute
it's kind of weird right
mom's love fragrances I got you mom cop
lotion cop OH
I heard moms love umbrellas that's true
a camo umbrella $13 cop I'm gonna get my
mom a watch because I love spending time
with her who cop Oh a donut keychain cop
that one's for me though I love
doughnuts I want to get that for my mom
do you think she'll like it
what if I got it for you not a lot of
Shanna hold your hand but we could hold
hands still right are we flirting right
now yo we're learning you're on the job
you can get fired bro she's not even
she's not even scared about it though
okay I'm gonna get this for my mom thank
you for helping me pick it out I like
your hair that one for my mom this one
this one's for me this is for my mom my
mom I'm yours yeah
are you down bro I've gotten like three
girls in this store bro this is the spa
this one is for my dad
you know my dad's gonna kill this outfit
I also got my dad underwear is that
weird yeah you the first thing for my
dad which is a complete joke with like
$300 what yo pops let her wear that he's
gonna rocket right here job it's not a
show it's a vlog bro hi uh yo what do
you think we could go on a date sometime
I'm serious I'm serious
yeah yes or no yes or no no one's ever
gonna see this I don't have any
followers yeah would you whoa I got all
the days bro I brought four girls one
store that no one's ever gonna see this
lie by century 21 that store had so many
girls right it's dark outside it was a
successful day in New York we are
heading back to our hotel to get ready
go back to Los Angeles we have to go to
the airport walking around the city
right now we can't find anywhere to eat
it's so packed it's the holidays and
it's New York and we're in Times Square
and it's actually super annoying I don't
eat food and now there's a bag on my
foot the new I easy bags bro got food
you know your boy smashing this is
actually the same exact spot that I sat
this morning
no it is right yeah it is
grow up all my jam
a kid in a candy store will against weak
in a candy skimmer my right to get right
in there
just let me get all of that and you look
at how much sugar that is it's not
healthy do I say a piece of cheesecake
like candy and my cheesecake right and I
wish I was I was running around the
store and I was like super happy and I
tried to put my camera down and it flew
off the side of the table and it's like
broken now they like won't even turn on
the lens like is cracked I don't know I
just wanted candy bro and I broke my
camera for the lenses like stuck inside
of itself so any way to fix it is you
have to hit it back in
no idea
what if I say bro oh my god the work now
the zoom is probably just broken
you know this could work wait wait
it didn't work definitely didn't work uh
the um vlog bro dear vlog bro rest in
peace vlog camera you know it's been a
good 60 something vlogs with you we have
insurance on it though so what happened
new one you know I'm we're at the
airport now about the flight back to Los
Angeles I'm just gonna call it a vlog
guys I'm gonna call it a vlog you know I
I just don't I just don't feel right
vlogging on my phone and everyone just
looking at me like I'm talking to my
phone because I am and I'm going in the
bathroom so this is weird make sure you
guys subscribe like this video peace out
Jake ball vlogs it's everyday Brett
