Oh people how is your day good same ours
is great this is Alisa my name is Alisa
you look like Ozzy Osbourne right now hi
my name is Alisa okay
we are in New York City I want to start
off this vlog with something that
happened that was insanely crazy I'm
trying to come up with new adjectives
I'm working on as you guys know we try
to take a nine-foot teddy bear into the
airport a couple of days ago and they
took it from us so we had to get out our
flight but the cops took it and they put
it into their police car and a fan
outside of the airport took this picture
what No leave that picture yo the cops
was taking the teddy bear they arrested
the TAVR I didn't do anything wrong I
don't understand they're definitely just
giving that teddy bear to their
daughters it's absurd like I can't
believe them in today's video it's a
video that I've been wanting to put
together for a really long time and it's
all of the pranks that I pulled on
Alyssa into a compilation I'm Jake Paul
this is my daily video channel make sure
you guys are subscribed and give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoy it Alyssa
let the madness begin
roll the clips young man from oppose
oppose well Tobin my god Jake ah I got
it
I'm one man little promiscuous with
those boots on huh your mom asked like
this is filled up with water we're in
yo we want to start the morning off with
a bang
oh yeah oh yeah I'm cleaning up what do
you mean what
oh you want to play I'm hungry let's go
let's go grab some food guys please go
back
you
are you done get me down are you dying
get me down ah she's done who won who
won ELISA okay guys make sure you guys
subscribe to keep up every single day
you can press the subscribe button at
the end of the video Thank You Alyssa
for participating she probably is never
going to talk to me again
and uh yeah Jake wall plugs love you
guys
