play
are you gotta sleep you gotta see it
does have a seat it does ever see yeah
so you're gonna have to take that to the
top you're gonna have to change
that's a B+ here yeah I'll create for it
that's my girlfriend tell me she's not
gonna be happy you don't let it take a
minute right yeah I do
good morning Jake Paul vlog it's 449 am
super early airport right now
our flights in two hours I don't know
why I'm up man we're taking the giant
teddy on the airplane New York's got to
be crazy
let's see what we can do whoo Brody you
ready to go buddy
the airport's gonna be fun huh 50%
chance that we lose them I'm kind of
nervous to be real if and when Brody
makes it through security I'm going to
have the comfiest airplane partner tell
me I'm not other than that right on your
stomach bro do you think we can do it
bro no freaking guru oh I think we can
do it
well this is supposed to be coming with
us she is running behind and I'm not
gonna be late to go to New York Alyssa
can meet us there
so almost on the airport I had to buy
Brodie another plane ticket has his own
boarding pass and all of that
this is ridiculous Engel person is just
gonna be staring that if Brody's gonna
be a celebrity at airport security is
gonna be tough yeah we're gonna have to
like finesse filming 50% chance I think
I'm giving it a 50% chances they should
be like super confident know what we're
doing just got roadies boarding pass
check it out
oh my god the chaos begins it's so heavy
stay stay
good boy then Brodie yo that's a good
back story yo buddy
No so we're here at the airport Brody
has its own seat we came up with a
backstory that it's for my girlfriend in
case we get stopped early my girlfriend
lives in New York and it's for her for
her birthday man
oh you got a sweet you gotta see it does
have a seat
it does have a CF so you're gonna have
to take that up to the top you're gonna
have to change
that's a B+ here I'll create for it
that's my girlfriend tell me she's not
gonna be happy you don't let it sink in
put it right here I do I know I'm gonna
stop me
Brody uh-huh and that's you me Jake pull
some of it over with Justin yeah
upstairs
they can't stop me
I'm currently waiting in line at the TSA
security checkpoint gonna be okay Brody
it's going to be okay I'm literally I'm
fighting for this right now
it's it's intense they're like getting
supervisors acting all suspicious and
like we're definitely not allowed to
record here so savage mode fool savage
bone Jay Paul vlogs bro this is everyday
I'm Debra I'm dead we can't even like
film this right now I'm dead we're
getting held up already looks so
helpless brother looks so helpless
they're taking Brody they're taking
Brody oh my gosh turn this up
at this point of time the jump
you verify that they are this weird it
was a pun intended there bear with you
there with us Romanesque or you guys out
anyways so once I guess could you guys
with people they can come to you don't
want to go to security so we're going to
meet out here
already guys actually paid for a seat
for this thing on a percent not much
probably should have just got exited
I'm telling you I don't see how this
could even go on an airplane this is not
going to sit in a seat
40 days gone especially now
or you we do things like that here
crosscountry was something like this I
think that the problem here is that
there's like um you guys I don't want to
work it out but it's really working it's
like they work it out oversized area and
that is only way to meet you at your
destination
possible
they're they're the most ridiculous
people in the world they won't let me
take Brodie on the plane literally just
fought for 15 minutes they won't let us
take it it's ridiculous
our flight leaves in 10 minutes we're
literally sprinting through the airport
right now that's that's the way the
cookie crumbled today we're gonna make
the best of the situation to have fun in
New York obviously but hope we don't
miss our flight
all right I'm running I'm running hey
it's for one it's a fun one I'm also
vlogging on my phone right now because
we took out the memory cards from the
camera um so that in case they like
wanted to take it we didn't have it
footage delete it
sattva drama I made it on what the flip
I had I can't even breathe I don't think
they're gonna let Kate and ELISA on no
yeah guys close it no no my friend just
made it guys yeah I don't know yeah
thank you so much love you I've been a
little stood in front of the doorway
guys could get on my boy I'd like to
take this moment to commemorate the loss
of Brody to bear
so we talk about what just happened
there that was pretty dense well we're
in New York now so that's a positive and
here we are you know Brody I loved you
rope but you know longer things come to
an end at some point you know so you
went out like a champion well you know
at least now we know that you can't take
a giant teddy bear on an airplane in the
security line they asked me they said
you know why didn't you just ship it and
I said why didn't roll parks just get up
and say yeah I'll move my seat it's a
movement people gosh I wonder the
typical New York I want to be part of it
New York New York
we made it to the streets of New York we
got our luggage we're carrying it down
the sidewalk right now it is freezing
here I don't know how these people do it
man Los Angeles is a gift oh this is
such a hipster your sunglasses on but
it's dark out hater I'm sorry I didn't
see you there I'll strip easy blocking
out the haters this is what idea without
a day-to-day basis people watch oh yeah
yeah no it's all about five
you minus-50 its vibey look at that whoo
just chilling five and six yeah it's
Lauren exterior because the grass right
so please go outside as yeah we made it
into our hotel room and I'm about to
give you guys a tour okay here we go
uh-huh I'm gonna start off hmm all right
that's it that was the tool I'm just
kidding but yo look how small this place
is you letter can't walk anywhere like
it's absurd the bathroom bro what what
are those bro what yo this hotel room is
the smallest thing in the world two
grown men in this room like we're both
at least six foot and this bed is like a
twin so we're gonna have to cuddle bro
yeah it's come to that point I sleep
naked
all right I'm gonna see Alyssa's room we
all see if ELISA has a bigger room
because you know she's all by herself
which seems a little bit unfair to me uh
yeah yeah like that's that's weird bro
is your room like super small too yeah I
was a smaller though no way a bike a
nice life where guys :
yeah ma being out right now I put this
new jacket on we're going to dinner the
new jacket
and the tag is like impossible to take
off so I'm just walking around the tag
on it's kind of like a subtle flex like
you're letting them know that it's brand
new it's like leave the tag on a hat
I guess I'm rocking it be fini what's
good New York's the move right now huh
and why the uber driver got a Rolex on
is a Rolex yes
bummer right now we're posted up in this
like empty office here in New York it's
so sick we're getting some work done I
just got a text
let me read it I always get like you're
a super crazy text on the vlog alright
here we go there's a severe weather
warning going into effect by the island
so we might not be able to go and this
is regarding the Bahamas so if you guys
keep up with the vlogs every single day
you know that we're in New York right
now and we're supposed to be going to
the Bahamas this weekend meeting with
the whole team and the Bahamas prime
minister later this afternoon so if we
think of the Bahamas I'm gonna cry I
will literally cry that is all I wanted
to do salt Patrick this is Patrick guys
Pete Finney this is nicknamed I don't
bring bears on planes all right let's go
where we going dinner we're going to
dinner gonna get food Italian meeting up
with Alyssa at dinner in a car right now
going there what's up man I doing good I
say this might vlog they they watch me
every single day isn't that cool they're
like my family I'm trying to find the
driver who freestyles do you have any
beats that I can freestyle over
like rapping beats none okay all right I
can't wait till the day that I find a
driver who freestyles and we just start
going in on the vlog like hardcore play
and and and have them just spit mad bars
like a savage but check out these cars
lit lit lit lit look yeah there's a lot
of talking in today's vlog you got to
get to know me bro you know it's not all
just events sometimes sometimes you just
got to get to know me I was on the end
in the Cole Smith show you know that so
heizak killer is a billionaire whoa whoa
whoa what's up like that that's advice
from a billion cars just like super
random but yeah that's it that's all we
got for you Robert say where we are
we're in New York City Cipriani's the
place is rolling tons of chicks it's
amazing
I can't even I can't even okay people
today has been awesome kind of all over
the place it was a busy day we had a lot
going on we had dinner with some
billionaires we took a flight with a
giant teddy bear pretty insane day if
you ask me we're in New York bout to
kill it tomorrow I will see you guys
later make sure you subscribe and like
this video if you want me to like your
comments and all of that stuff
let's talk people good night
