reap and then they stole the bear like
Lucas and Marcus are demonstrating right
now there's a Jake's Tacoma it's really
famous there's this girl with a giant
teddy bear straight up stealing it this
quote book there's like a thousand in
one quotes in here and I try to read one
a day
I love reading them so I'm going to
share one with you today success is
dependent on effort work hard and
success will come that's as simple as it
is success is dependent on effort
remember that and maybe I'll share some
more quotes with you guys throughout the
daily vlogs but good morning people
Jake Paul vlogs we are at it again so
Monday and you know how I feel about
Monday is usually people are groggy they
don't want it so that just means you
gotta kill it harder breath we're on the
move going to get juice but um check out
this place this is a really famous like
comedy place and like all of these
people have performed here before Adam
Sandler blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah a lot I apologize it's early yet
I'll take the grass so apparently if you
drink juice a lot you'll become immortal
is that true
I'm gonna live forever I can live
forever I try to travel to every country
in the world or I'd take everyone's
followers on YouTube
I own you - that's me tastes like the
Amazon forest so good
I'm gonna live forever I think there was
a lizard in there though
juicing baby alyssa has posted an
Instagram picture here I'm going to see
if I can do it better yeah okay now look
away you don't even know you're getting
a photo taken yes now now one hand maybe
one hand on the cheek oh yeah that's it
oh my I did it better take that El Lissa
oh wow that's really misleading huh so
push this oh there we go
allow me to walk you through this week
today get a ton of stuff done tomorrow
film a ton of content I think we have
like alligators and like pythons coming
to the house tomorrow I was talking
about this place earlier because I'm
gonna perform there one day don't
believe me just watch don't believe me
just watch Wednesday fly to New York
with a giant teddy bear Thursday we have
this big event that we're going to its
secret its secret you have to see what
it is Friday chill in New York Saturday
fly to the Bahamas Sunday Monday chill
in the Bahamas Tuesday come back to Los
Angeles so it's gonna be a pretty
intense week of vloggy I'm still so
upset about my snap spectacles breaking
yesterday what what what
hello darkness my old friend I've come
to talk with you again just got a text
message on the vlogs guys yeah it's fun
yeah ton of fun right but also want to
show you like the real things that like
happen in our lives my lives whoever's
lives that's in the vlog here is the
message I'm writing to you on behalf of
my daughter Amanda McCann who is your
number one fan of team ten and Jake ball
Amanda has an illness called
neurofibromatosis but her dream is to
meet Jake Paulin team ten don't know if
that will ever happen but do you think
it will be possible to get an
autographed picture sent to her she
watches YouTube videos all the time and
it would put a smile on her face to get
a picture in the mail as a parent senior
daughter get a smile on her face be
priceless
she has been through so much in her life
doctors hospitals etc first of all
Amanda I want to say if you're watching
this thank you so much for watching all
the time and you're going to make it
through it smile as much as you can I
know you're I know you're going through
a lot on a day to day basis and I'm sure
it's really really hard and you just
want to be like living your regular life
but I promise you everything happens for
a reason and everything is going to be
okay I got a book and a team ten
sweatshirt for Amanda I'm gonna get
everyone to sign it and then send it off
to her again
Amanda hope this makes your day better
and for everyone else who's watching if
you can try to give back on a day-to-day
basis the world literally can change
this also brings up another important
point and that is to appreciate the
things that you do have because someone
might have less than you Amanda get
ready to get some stuff smile they're so
fluffy think about all of the stuff
you've ever gotten for Christmas and
think of how awesome it would be if
you've got one of those like it's so
memorable and it looked massive under
the Christmas tree like that's all I
want
bro going to ship this stuff to Amanda
some of the giveaway winter stuff air
and getting it food maybe get in Los
Angeles is one of the hardest things
will ever do in your life so when you
can swag scoop you got a swag swoop yeah
proper swag stupid machines fan mail
oh we love it so much when you guys send
us packages so thank you so much I'm
gonna read these time for a Jake Paul
mid vlog skin oh no we're gonna do I
have no money no food no phone now Oh a
payphone Oh call anywhere in the USA
okay
and that was a Jake Paul mid vlog skit
thank you thank you thank you I'm at the
grocery store right now no samples why
not
let's take four of those maybe five and
I'm actually getting food but I thought
I'd look for Lucas and Marcus too
because you know they're always in the
grocery store is dancing so they might
be here know if you guys have ever seen
them dancing the grocery stores before
but they do it like pretty pretty often
not too much you see I'm looking for two
twins they're like really cute
have you seen them they dance maybe no
0% chance have you seen two twins
dancing two twins there were dance the
dance in the Nile no haven't haven't
seen them no hang it all right thank you
so much I appreciate it
unfortunately I couldn't find Lucas and
Marcus but it's fine
I'm sure they'll turn up somewhere what
you know your boy got food though real
men eat meat off the back of their
pickup drugs country aha program all of
these things in which I am body wants
you guys to meet somebody I don't know
if I've ever officially introduced her
say hi Erica what's our like
relationship like oh we're married oh
we're married okay this is awkward I had
to break it to you god no Erica like
helps me with my life
is that a yeah I would say that's pretty
active been in Alyssa's vlogs right yeah
is basically the team ten mom is like
the best way to put in and helps us
you're very helpful I keep on saying the
word help well thanks back home and we
are here you look at my guys in the
grocery store I couldn't find you where
were you doing the other grocery store
on you know Bay gog magog a while I miss
you guys you don't need a new makeup
you're naturally good-looking you don't
need anywhere make I like see me
naturally good-looking I don't wear make
all right yo don't forget me I will
light you on fire with it on me don't
put it on me yo my god you're so much
prettier yo oh oh you want like okay all
right Alyssa Alyssa put makeup on me
some lighting hair on fire that too far
no I'm like I have like flammable liquid
that I use to like light things on fire
but it's like safe it's like safe
flammable liquid because it only burns
at like 90 degrees yeah
oh we used all of it to burn Logan's
mattress dang it
you guys aren't going to believe what
just happened but we had a white teddy
bear okay we have people over at night
we had about you know 25 people over you
know small little get-together and like
ten more people showed up but like no
one really knew who they were random
person invited them you can hang out we
don't really care we're chill exactly
exactly what just happened some of us
went to sleep and then they stole the
bear like Lukas and Marcus are
demonstrating right now as you guys know
we have cameras a walk back into our
house it's a girl by the way a girl
takes the bear walks out the front door
and goes out to the the road where her
friend is waiting and puts the bear into
her car but what these people didn't
know is um that we have cameras there's
a Jake's Tacoma it's really famous
there's this girl with a giant teddy
bear straight up stealing it bro like
what who are you grab the second one to
go and steal it
this was there like squad of people who
thought they were tough look at that all
mob out of the house this is was the ten
people that I was telling you but teddy
bears are so big that they couldn't fit
two of them in the truck okay so here he
comes he's like oh snap then it didn't
fit my I didn't fit my car they could
only get one in so he literally walks it
back into the house dragging it don't
grab my teddy bear remember remember
this guy
remember this guy right you can't we
couldn't like tell what they look like
but we go to the backyard camera right
and guess what we find a perfectly clear
image of the two culprits he turns
around right there we could see his face
and then his friend comes out oh yes
she's the one that we caught mm-hmm we
send a text messages out to 25 people
and they immediately find out who the
person is that stole the bear by
identifying them in the video what like
how dumb are people they probably didn't
think that I would go to extreme odds to
find my teddy bear and she's giving me
my teddy bear bear
that's right people I don't lose don't
mess with my friend we got you guys she
going to jail lock her up I got you guys
ain't nobody messing with my clique
clique clique the the person who took
the teddy bears he go they just sent an
uber oh my gosh they're so soft they
wouldn't confront us in person and
apologize Teddy Teddy
we got Teddy back
hooray so Alyssa hasn't been home in
like five hour trying to light her on
fire highlighter on my face I'm Kris o
best D even lift bro seconds good come
on now you don't lift is the answer Jake
fall vlogs it's a daily thing come back
every single dad make sure you guys are
subscribed cuz you guys like this video
don't forget to give it a thumbs up I'll
see you later
