we just got to this fountain in Beverly
Hills to dive in how many people are
here oh my gosh
so I come downstairs on this fine
Saturday morning this is what I find I
woke up like this
I woke up ideas floated Oh God - oh good
morning ELISA I like that hand motion
do you talk or yeah unless I think we've
come to the conclusion actually that
you're not a morning person as the
dozens of pranks that I pulled on you I
don't think I've eaten in a day and a
half is that a problem I don't know
probably I'm ordering food now we got
time to go get food bring it here breath
you go girl
you go girl okay so my food order is
here I'm gonna open the door there's all
these balloons he's gonna be freaked up
yeah what's up how are you good man
beautiful place you go thank you guys
have a party a party hey yo you guys got
a part of like a doorbell yeah it work
oh my god they want to do a picture
where we're all three of us are on top
of each other that's not gonna end well
Alissa is like not that strong and she's
gonna be on top and then she's gonna
fall off the bat so rude you can't see
him where it's you can't see the muscle
cuz I'm sweating out but I'm very strong
okay all right let's try it let's see
how this goes so I don't know my dresses
hold on hold on hold on no no okay okay
we can do it we can't do it now how look
is Marcus Snider do it we're
professionals and I don't appreciate you
trying to come for us Jake we could
really do this this is it that that
doesn't count
let's just do it once come on we're
gonna do a three-way hit and see who
dies no listen listen
here we are at models are smart but they
are they're so smart
ah yeah lift right going to shoot this
video in Beverly Hills I'm gonna be
acting like I'm showering because Chad
turn the water off in my house and my
girlfriend's coming over so I'm gonna
live we have to dive into a fountain
let's let's do this oh my god hi mom I'm
going on to Beverly Hills to jump in a
fountain naked right now do you love me
I'm fast I'm Tessa could you please
drive because I'm vlogging and yet just
we're going right here
yep I'm driving well now Tess is driving
um yeah so what's up how are you you I
bet you look beautiful today I had a lot
of caffeine this morning that wrinkle
oshi's you know she turned the blinker
on - she's just a big old go go go go go
we got it we got it yo we're on the main
road right now Tess Tess is driving hi
Pam
now chest is talking on the phone and
not paying attention all right bye-bye
I'm like such a good driver like people
tell me I'm bad all the time like I
never hit anything you know I mean like
it's so annoying you get out of the way
it's like they think I'm like in the
middle of the road like like give me you
move you move like I'm not gonna move
whoa what are you doing that's not a
road what is he doing
what we just got to this fountain in
Beverly Hills it's like a big tourist
attraction to dive in its first get how
many people are here oh my gosh this is
literally like the monument of Beverly
Hills and it's like right next to all of
the main streets the water so grow what
is great huh yeah hey yeah so TMZ just
drove by definitely going to be on TMZ
they were like zooming in I mean with
their camera it's fine look at all these
people they're filming me I feel I feel
like a zoo animal I don't know why
people are filming me I'm definitely
like not doing anything different photo
bomb photo bomb already hey Mike make
sure you post on instagram and tag me at
Jake Paul
safe to say Los Angeles can't handle me
or Tessa look at them heels yo let's
just talk about how sexy my truck is for
a second why your truck is so sexy that
was one second all right today has been
so random I apologize it's only gonna
get worse from here on out of these hand
motions help me talk so yeah sorry if I
hit you like that car girl killing it
hey shed no personality her personality
was like like the air you can't see it
and cuz I was close I was onto something
there no okay just finish filming this
video I'm just as a girl uh like the way
they smash yeah I had a face mask on
Ronald did not cheat on you honey this
is Sawyer guys guys he's a savage um
we're gonna do some vlog stuff today so
I'm pretty excited this is how we met
for the first time I was just as a girl
first impressions are everything so now
he probably thinks a good one
yeah the lasting friendship face mask
made my face feel so enlightened oh man
oh man nice car by the way yeah Sawyer
ya know so we're gonna whip this year
we're gonna whip this year the Corvette
okay um so I wasn't gonna tell you guys
but yeah you guys are some of you
guessed it these are giant teddy bears
wait to see what comes with these things
I'm pranking Alisa taking one on a plane
it's going to be insane and now we're
gonna try and fit this teddy bear into
soros car I'm making a skit where like
the teddy bear is my best friend it's
pretty good man that's a little bit
better than I thought it was that's
amazing
that'd be a great way to pick up cheer
but then there's no Pitt they can't ride
with you because you there's no more
room in the car do you call them an uber
and four exhaust pipes man you must go
bad the amount of stuff we do our
neighbors like how they're like what are
these kids what are these kids doing why
did I have a Corvette with a the teddy
bear a giant teddy bear inside of it
someone driving down the street like
behind us is gonna make war oh my
groaning
my turn to drive this is your turn the
drive-through how many people have
driven this to me and one other person
bro I feel so special now I'm letting
Jake Paul my name bring on yeah yeah
the third-person ever drive it
now I'm in Sawyer's car I'm gonna steal
it
I got Brodie the bear with me say what's
up Brodie um it's stick shift I know how
to drive stick you have to whip this
thing so hard right now hi oh so fast
Sawyer I'm sorry my wreck your car Hey I
whipped it so hard we're going to get
food this is ridiculous I'm here on a
date you know we've been dating for how
long now babe I like like a couple years
he's quiet
you know he's shy on camera it's fine I
still love you Brody Brody is healthy
really healthy got the Treo salad I
thought you're gonna get like salmon
Brody you know like I mean isn't that
typical of a bear to get salmon stop
being shy on camera not a famous song in
France
yeah he's famous his it's his Instagram
is up Brody to bear you could follow him
I'll put the at name here if you want to
do it always plug you want to date him
yeah would you would you smash though
chances you'd smash we're talking about
politics um yeah yeah he thinks you're
cute actually told me boys because he's
hairy
Brody's job someone rug Brody Brody we
got to get him home man someone get him
water get him on water
I have to carry Brodie because just
can't walk straight he's throwing up
everywhere
Brodie you need to stop drinking this
one choices back in the vet oh I got the
Donald Trump hair going hey okay we're
just gonna rock it
yo my saga came oh my gosh so much new
snowboarding gear look at this elack
fresh like fresh it matches my boots how
do I look ladies ladies please oh yeah
yeah yeah I think these are waterproof
dump dump it on me oh it's so long oh
that's actually sick I just want to
bring this up um I want to an award for
from China for being the best comedy
artist but they spelled it comedy could
we just talk about that so today's been
invent Filosa pretty it's been fruitful
eventful hopeful I hope you guys enjoy
today I'm gonna go to a comedy show
you're not a lot of filming there that's
gonna be it for my night be ready for
tomorrow
ah it's gonna be funny and a hair like I
think make sure you guys are subscribed
to keep up with the madness every
flippin day and don't forget to
subscribe to my channel you don't post
though is he dude where do you post your
next what I do post it's fire true peace
