anyways he is I'm a dunk tank right now
and we're gonna try and throw these
balls at that little red dot thingy and
as soon as we hit it our money is going
down it's the morning time that we need
to get lit welcome to the most let
YouTube channel on YouTube fact put your
mug belts on and welcome to another
crazy day first row oh my god I was so
close style points does it matter if you
hit him
if you don't look cute doing it
all right Squatch ad is going sandy now
you go Nathan I'll film you filmer Jake
you're hired
what up squad and I if you guys are new
here I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
haulers and this is the team ten house
thanks Erica the team ten house is the
house of unexpectedness so buckle up for
today's journey and if y'all didn't see
yesterday's vlog things got a pretty lit
in Las Vegas
hey and after we were done getting lit
in Las Vegas we had to leave but you
know your boy ha ha I had to leave in
style roll the clip
leaving Vegas in style hello but Vegas
you were awesome but it's time to say
goodbye
so goodbye hey ha ha live in that limo
life America costo oh I'm gonna do a
photo shoot on the roof
oh yeah work it girl speaking of Erica
Costello
she's right here we are going to be
vlogging together today and we need to
figure out what we're going to read but
we need to figure out what we're gonna
do guys we have three three ideas one
legally change our names to get matching
hat tattoos I don't know how that one's
possible but and number three go on our
first date we haven't been on a date so
we're gonna put these three ideas into
this fancy Jake Palmer chat and when I
come back sighs Jake ball get yourself
some of the hottest verse in the game
winter line now available we're gonna
put the names and the ideas into the Hat
and draw it out and see what we're doing
today shake it up shake it up what are
we doing today you want to play
get matching tattoos get matching
tattoos Oh guys what your vlog belts on
I guess I'm down do we don't have a
tattoo artist though yeah yeah we do
tattoo Luke the guy who tattooed Chad on
the offroad tattoo thing oh yeah dude
that went great listen he was moving air
cuz yeah it was good he's a good tattoo
artist he was just moving thank you so
apparently Erica and I are getting
matching tattoos
oh my god I'm stoked I have a couple of
updates for you guys starting off yo
check out the merch store it is finally
done just look at it it's looking like
an actual mall bro also the fish tank is
starting to come in guys it's actually
bigger than could you look like a fish
yo sneak peek though yo this is actually
gonna be like what it kind of looks like
oh my god I'm starting to freak out bro
however as you guys saw they are
starting to install like the other dope
stuff that's going in to my room the
point is my room is about to be sick and
also the team ten game room is coming
together guys literally everything is
under construction guys and Chad's car
also needs to be under construction guys
because can't get it push this door Brad
got it go yeah neutral that works we
gotta take pop push it I really have him
pushing it bro the other day in the
floor I didn't seem like I was that
appreciative her happy he's just trying
to not get roasted in the comments shot
fake
I'm back from Vegas how's work how's
work
Sydney's like what six days a week oh
you know Sydney being here for six days
there is something else that is
happening in six days oh snap it is my
birthday in 6a what's up man my name
whipped I'm around two big ways oh my
god she's beautiful we're going to Aspen
for my birthday
what are you doing Chad what are you
doing we don't know what is doubles
right now oh you're a nobody I didn't
mean it I'm not taking it back and she's
coming back
did he matching tattoos you can't be mad
at me I'm taking you back to the store
run away into the sunset together
Oh cut
oh that's cuter that's a lot cuter we
haven't kissed in the vlog in a while
all the fans keep commenting we want
more Jerrica kisses I see your guys's
comments I see you when you say turn
those fortifications on I see you when
you tweet me pictures of y'all wearing
the merch the hottest worked in the game
so what do you say should we give the
fans what they want Jack is two goats
I'm a Capricorn which means I'm a goat
you not all near you that's why I like
you you're about that's the only reason
you like me no no just one of the
reasons I am the go join the strongest
team on YouTube greatest of all time I
go go yo that's the tattoos we should
get no God you would get it go got you
yes for you I'm down okay okay ready
mm-hmm
yeah are you sure okay
is it is it look good Nathan how's your
eyes how's my hair I feel like
everyone's gonna screech out this and
put on and follow me on Instagram magic
ball you guys are so cute no I'm alert
I'll just let little Luthor cuz in my
bad side it's my good side it works oh
my god I'm always sick yeah let's guess
okay Jake Joseph aw
bro it's really cute yeah not again
honestly love you guys together we got
this like this like this no we need you
to tap yeah you tattooing us 100%
anything can't find them on the cam no
nothing no tattoos on the back of the
truck that went completely wrong geez
that's a workout kick him in the balls
raw it's time to
we're getting matching goat tattoos
because she's a goat and I'm not and I'm
gonna go
you're also Vigo do you mean it yeah the
greatest of all time you also have bird
poopy on the back of your shirt that's
your fault actually it's mine yeah it's
your fault because when I fell asleep
honey you didn't catch me when I fell
that's a lie you were rolling around in
the ground outside oh no I was not yes
you I fell asleep and you let me fall on
the ground you push me off of you on the
ground roll the clip
roll the real clip that is the real clip
we got ocean if I'm supposed to be able
to con you can we hug we cancel this
whole tattoo thing the matching tattoo
thing I don't want to be locked in
forever you wanna say Erika on my leg I
mean that's something terrible I hear
but yeah here we go
bye guys just remember don't ever get a
tattoo unless your parents approve
should I get another tattoo 2,000 years
later
okay I'm doing it anyways we're bonding
mine's done oh please don't
I didn't do this you I held your head it
was nice oops in the corners and where
you belong
Erica look what she did he was trying to
scroll my tattoo what's gonna be there
for the rest of my body I'll remember
that we have a lesson on being nice you
need a lot of lessons with that one that
naughty
I'm really distracting you yeah hold on
oh it's spelled OVA ot right here g AO t
alright guys both of our tattoos are
done we're gonna reveal them to you
right now but before we do that guys
merge in the game and Royko backslash
hey Paul get it while you guys can guys
before it sells out you know how the
Jake follows alright merch is all about
getting better every day smiling every
day chasing your dreams every day bro
join the community join the club and die
without any further ado it's tattoo time
a crossword puzzle legitimately I'm a
walking crossword puzzle you a couple of
goals what a good idea
we should put things in a hat more often
so luhan's calm right now guys learn how
to become a youtuber take my course and
I will see you all tomorrow because it's
a new season of merch guys
fans guanaco backslash take pop get it
what you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to hexed
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on the daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake vol 2
which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
