Oh do it okay do it brother
- what good morning
what's up fam Jake Paul here early
morning workout we are getting good
warm-up shadowboxing yeah babe you like
that I got you if anyone tries to mess
with you I'm out I'm out bro
peace out bit on the road again with
Chad yeah yeah I guess we're going to
this like meditation spa place where you
like lay in water and it relaxes you and
relieves your stress call float chambers
I don't know I've never done it she just
float that sounds I don't know sounds
great
I just realized and had an epiphany that
I'm so la meaning like I just become
I look like a Los Angeles local tale I
can actually and literally and go do
like meditation stuff and drink kale
juice and know what am i dying I lost my
eye oh root it's okay though cuz I'm
going back home for Christmas and I'm
getting become a good old hire one again
no one there sounds like that but I feel
like that's what people think we sound
like but really we just sound like how
I'm talking we getting juice after this
yeah and we're going to SoulCycle ah
where am i Lulu's I gotta get over this
stop right here Oh daddy what is the
wheel cows out of g-wagen I have four of
those caution vehicle make sudden stops
and turn I need one of those that says
caution human makes sudden farthing and
dumb jokes just float Jack what you
doing today I just bought it I signed my
life away at least once a week okay so
you go into this room look at this what
you're like supposed to lay in there for
an hour what am I doing wrong this is
like final destination and you do it
naked naked naked I'll see you in an
hour you're supposed to feel like a new
person afterwards so I will see one
allan-a-dale
I'm so chill right now bruh oh my gosh I
feel like a new man he looks so funny
right out there's a video testimonial
room where you can go talk about your
experience oh my god that felt so good
I'm in touch in those places and here's
my water what yeah my ex-boyfriend my
ex-boyfriend
huh we did present free now introducing
my boy Jake pizza oh that guy built a
fire boat I don't know why it bounced up
I believe no lie
oh my role buying a lowrider decent of a
shock those fuzzy froze up again cause
of the Metro swag like buffy a little
bit of a man better get on again that's
not a freestyle those that's a YouTube
video I lied hopefully we don't get
copyright I'm sorry guys excuse me
excuse me
like she okay excuse me
Exede ma'am I want your number I want it
I'm into um healthy food um beach
volleyball yes um I watched Netflix a
lot I liked coffee - I see using your
number please pull on the side pull this
side this side this side this is so
creepy like waiting for if I get her
number though this is legendary for the
chances I get it I give it a lot of
10:07 what I'm giving myself a three
right now look at what kind of track man
right now
this is song your number yeah
it's three two one not gonna happen
sorry I'm into a brunettes web hey are
you really cute I wonder if I could get
your number that's cool me too
he's right here Chad we're not dating go
she didn't know what to say screaming
your number and I'll save it on the
camera
boom no one's feeling it today can I
have your number no the dog had chances
driving my truck he doesn't know how to
do it
hey he literally got out of the car just
left it on Logan is that you Logan is
that you Logan in 20 years
yo
yo yeah this is his car got my car
knowing it's not a scar give him a
ticket now give him a ticket it's not
his car keys room bro huh almost got hit
by car thumb down
dad's playing with my truck oh hey
cuties hey Fredo pick up on Instagram at
Chyna temperatures ever gonna get done
over hey you want to have your work
don't move for five seconds you over
there definitely don't move okay we do
madaky challenge don't move guys stop
okay I'm gonna play this all right now
no Alissa and I are not dating
it's a man picking the giveaway winners
here in a second stage don't Chad wants
me to run over his foot going full speed
let's do it what do you think that it's
I'm gonna go flying off and your leg is
gonna be bleeding
quick midday turn up session no big deal
Oh malecite oh go I don't check the
price Oh
you got this what did you think was
gonna happen bro I was gonna slide into
the damn
oh I told you suck sigh ladies are up
get on a big one and then roll it to the
small you will you will she's doing
balloon angel crazy to one I have to
what my hear I can't hear hear me my
okay and why wouldn't you be able to
talk and you can't because he's mine is
bone he can't hear me
dad's go play catch any stuck Alyssa on
Tessa took Chad oh my god no anything
but makeup come back later
what what my boy chat is run run did you
smash in there um my face into a balloon
yes I take about the girls
oh no wait wait I thought one of them
was on your what oh hey I jump off the
roof you don't think I should jump off
it there into the pool I've seen Raj do
it once so it's only five feet deep
though I'm I go up there and see how
high it is and then think if I'm gonna
do it and I know that's high I feel like
I'd hit the bottom you know my mother
wouldn't approve of that and I need my
mother's approval on everything have to
do it man why's your I always tell
everyone
do it how eat shaving cream if you do it
you'll eat shaving I will put all my
mouth and eat it if you do it I have to
do it are you gonna do it I don't know
I'll finish it first you're gonna do the
shaving cream first yeah are you shaving
cream
that's a lot why did he do that alright
Chad um I'm not gonna do it you ready
I'm not gonna do it I'm gonna do it do
it do it brother
- one oh my god Jake yeah wait that's
not Jake that was my girlfriend go did
you see how far how far I flew I
couldn't believe it to be honest with
you and I didn't believe it so babe ah
what are you into Jake I'm gonna be
honest I love your hair just thought it
up I'm I think you're I think your hair
is great - yeah I'll stop it stop it
no nose you stop no you stop stop it
stop it
bye Chad good see I'll see you in a
couple of days okay so we're getting
packages delivered this will be
interesting
Oh what is it okay so I can't show you
what exactly this stuff is I have more
of these coming so I have to be like
kind of discreet about it ah voila
breath those are so heavy you're
probably wondering what they are sneak
peek I can't tell you yet but just be
ready
insane content is coming with these
things if this video gets 50,000 likes I
might tell you guys what it is on my
Twitter but it has to get 50,000 my
Tessa and Elissa or shooting a YouTube
video I'm gonna ruin it ah your mom I'm
sorry I'm done I'm done with the
megaphone pranks on you guys
okay people um so I went through all of
the submissions for the text and I have
the winners give them around
I'm doing the giveaway guys to bring
awareness to the channel because I
really want you guys to be watching my
videos and coming back every single day
we put a lot of effort into the videos
and I really hope you guys like them if
you do always make sure to LIKE the
videos thank you so so so so so so so so
much there's gonna be giveaways to come
in the future I'm gonna do one for
Christmas as well without further ado I
learned that in social studies or some
or English class the winner
oh the Xbox one is Laura Blair Laura is
from Oklahoma congratulations Laura
winner number two Kate Gosselin yeah do
you want to the ps4 ok wait Kate and
Douglas you got the ps4 but Kaden's from
Virginia Justin Chesapeake Virginia
good job Kate and I'm proud of you for
the winner of the Beats Studio wireless
hold it hold it listen Kimberley crew
I'd be like run over everyone's getting
a car
and the last item HGTV goes to Elizabeth
Jocelyn Wow good job good job Elizabeth
Elizabeth congratulations you got a TV
what are you gonna watch on the TV do
you watch bizarre bark she can when
sunday is at 8:30 all right I have to go
to some event and mingle and talk to
people come with me let's go p-- group
picture everyone say hi no one's at hi
I tried all right guys so I went to that
event it was pretty fun
there was like nothing to vlog though I
literally tried to vlog one thing which
it other you guys just saw I'm driving
down Hollywood Boulevard right now I'm
about to just go to sleep when I get
home
thank you guys so much for watching
today make sure you guys like this video
and subscribe to keep up with the Matt
whoa madness um there was nothing there
to be honest
sorry subscribe
bitch
