it is well Oh black midnight we are
getting ready to put 5,000 balloons into
Alyssa's room I'm here with Tristan
tails we made sure not to get any violet
color balloons yes definitely not
anybody colorful ooh I'm Jake Paul this
is my vlog every day is lit we're gonna
blow it five thousand balloons and put
them in Alyssa's room tomorrow morning
y'all 4,000 we're by the time lapse of a
loon thing and then get straight to
putting them into her room when we wake
up three two what Alyssa's room is over
there we're gonna fill up this room
which is like no one stays in this room
all the balloons in here tonight and
then move them over to her in the
morning while she's asleep
or when she's in the shower I think
maybe when she's in the shower
alright guys we're gonna get to be
filling up the rest of the balloons but
I will see you guys in the morning
okay guys so it's morning time
ELISA is sound asleep on the stairs you
have to go to an event at like 8:30 it's
like 7:30 right now so I'm gonna tell
her that she's late she has to get up
and go in the shop Tristan is on his way
here right now to help me move the
balloons all into a room when she's in
the shower we're gonna move all of the
balloons into her room and block her in
the shower so she can't get out also
guys don't forget to enter the giveaway
beats Xbox ps4 TV all you have to do is
subscribe and text this number to win
alright time to prank all this huh
Tristan just got here yo Alyssa re up we
have to go to the live stream
yo yo wake up please go to the live
stream
yeah okay guys so we stacked up the
boobs now I'm gonna tell us is that we
need to go she's still in the shower if
you're like 15 minutes let's see her
reaction
okay the sad part about this right now
is that we actually have to go and this
is still in there and we've literally
actually been waited for like five more
minutes now all that yo we need to leave
in like five minutes hurry up hurry
hurry uh have fun in your new room
what's up
I figured you'd actually like it there's
so much fun and she's stuck so we're
going on a live show and Alyssa her
usual is late it's a live show we can't
be late and it's a 45-minute Drive
Alessia timer for two minutes in two
minutes if we make it there perfectly on
time will you be get in there like right
at ten which is when the live stream
starts timer two minutes start she's
coming in at a record time she better
come on hurry let's go we really have to
go we've got full sounded this is how
you beat traffic look
this isn't even a little I'm running
that way please tell my mom I love her
you gotta be seven ah feel better than
fiction uh yeah of course
that's B in this block okay oh we do
move long yeah yeah sure yeah yo yo
what's up bro huh
yeah this is a vlog writer it's just one
day you're watching yeah just one guy
thank ya here's my homie using my home
his name is Darrel congratulate this
vlog bro he's actually famous um on
Instagram oh my god get out time you
want me to get out of town for real oh
yeah I'll see you guys later going to
Canada we're on the livestream right
there for an hour
yo Alyssa get out of the bush bro well
you're probably confused on what we're
doing we're at though musically
headquarters and we're doing a live
stream for charity like all the proceeds
and stuff benefit charity which is super
super awsome the Pavlov foundation is
the charity that we are helping so yeah
try and give back to the kids
yeah I'm gonna give Alyssa back to the
dog pound I screaming son yo say hi to
the vlog everyone hi Wow hi thanks
Alyssa thank you so much Alisa
hello again somebody said Logan Oh Logan
yeah that's me
oh so what should guess thank you guys
tag me Logan Paul make sure you tag me
Logan Paul Jake is gonna be throwing
fast balls into my mouth
Alex you know we have to nail this oh
yeah we got it yo who remembers that dog
in my vlog from Best Buy
know that you were in my blog hi oh oh
oh Zach Duggar sexsomnia we were
reunited I love you I've vlogged I did
the same thing it bit the camera last
time today
oh yes this reporter with my nose I feel
bad for over to mr. mouth on that next
yo-yo can you play that ELISA got him
it's easy it's so easy to prank her i
signed the wall hi kitty
hi do you like me yes you do did you do
oh I got a kitty
I got a kitty yeah I'm taking it now I'm
taking it bye hey guys come I was told
to hack the bong he's happy my blog a
lot of that can't have it it's mine now
guys you're coming with me you're coming
with me and my crutches Jake wanted me
to explain to you all why I'm on
crutches well I was in a car accident
last week that's pretty much it okay
okay
you want like a detailed story yeah okay
so me and my friends were in this
vehicle
and we're coming around to turn and the
brakes gave out we don't even know but
we slid off a cliff flew 60 feet down a
25-foot drop and landed upside down on a
parked truck that better Oh what what do
you do it you're gonna break this what
do you call a one-legged waitress I he
knew it already
Oh how are you gonna climb up this
ladder I'm actually don't think I'm
gonna hide that yeah that's kinda
sketchy yeah you probably died where are
you just sit Christon oh oh I'm gonna
make it look like we're jumping off of a
roof by jumping off of this furnace
behind-the-scenes how to make videos
kids be to hold on if you have them
lives yeah
Oh smooth okay so we have to tie the
balloons to this then throw it off so
that it looks like the balloons are
falling a chaos AKA videos are fake but
they did this an up so it is real people
do do this it's gonna they might take it
away though right let's not worry about
that go ready let go fake fake just
don't ask questions okay when fashion
shows do the most absurd things and try
and still say it's fashion
ah ah ah
so smarter come on just what our worlds
come to I'm the photographer for dinner
and Alyssa's photo shoot right now look
at this both put your legs like in the
air like yeah all right now that looks
like Alyssa's doing so much
five-second dance-off I'll see you bro
whoa kill oh oh actually free autumn on
his leg I almost killed tanner Fox did
you go step on it a second ago except
for can you forget yeah I forgot about
your leg I did too it happens and it's
your own leg yes aw I'm fine I'm good
right yeah cool today was madness pure
madness guys thank you so much for
watching make sure to subscribe
giveaway announcement tomorrow so come
back and stay tuned for that
jig Paul dogs peace
