how do we always dressed up as white
girls this is bad we need to stop it is
like 5:30 a.m. right now I'm exhausted I
went to sleep at like 1:00 a.m. we're
trying to catch the sunrise we got the
squad ready to go I don't know why we're
up right now I can barely see Jake Paul
vlog family let's get this day started
sometimes you just got to wake up in the
morning by going in the middle of the
street and giving your best lion roar I
was a little bit of a mix of a gorilla
lion what are we doing ooh oh wow
Tristan um there's not a lot of space I
thought we were going on the road he's
got a plan in his whip oh yeah there yet
mom Alyssa just posted a video on
Instagram that I'm in and didn't tag me
where's my hat though bro have weights I
could have my agent send you just so
make sure you tag Jakes Tacoma to my
truck Mitch we got food tell him your
name is Sheila just how many times do I
have to tell you get off the top of the
car while in the middle of the road
Alyssa how'd you get up there in heels
hi I'm coming up not see them or out
here filming lifestyle video because
that's our life now it's perfect I'm
it's a bird it's a plane
Alyssa stuck chill spell let's leave so
the beach that we are going to is locked
I always feel like we're illegally doing
stuff no it's our faux marecus Paul
should have this speech open for us also
look at that sunrise I'm gonna start
down
look at this sunrise Jake
it says no dogs Wow okay bro this is all
so tempting to shoot a lifestyle video
so lifestyle did you see that flip bro
one two three four
oh my god oh my gosh oh oh I'm nervous
I'm nervous
I just want to fall so I can get the
truck hey they made it dang it I mean
yeah guys yo we made it I'm alive
I know you I literally always drink
espresso Oh special shot challenge baby
holy smokes please free what are you
fishing for compliments I think you look
great
oh this bird got a fish rest in peace
fishy this is my impression of a fish
your mother take this golf cart oh it's
not on oh my gosh working look at my
shadow guys don't ask me too much they
get pissy in a second step up we always
get kicked out everywhere we go kristen
has no chill bro that socha dope picture
too
he's about to climb this
bro so savage to dismount the dismount
and he sticks the landing perfect egg oh
wow
nip slip we're gonna try and get a
picture at the top of this let's do it
it became a race to go oh we've got a
good race here folks stop looking like
he's gonna win it I can't feel my hands
when I'm with you dude I won't if you
see me hang onto the back Shh Sal
there's rope savage who needs
hitchhiking oh I just remembered
there was new episodes of bizarre mark
last night that I missed
whenever I watch myself on TV I critique
myself so hard you did this good you did
this good you did this bad you did this
good mostly good though if you did the
math on that hey say what's up to Jake
well vlogs hey my dude this sometimes
got to do your good deed for the day oh
it's just broken this is awkward
no has to be fake this has to be fake
there's no way this is possible you guys
have seen the vlog where Lucas and
Marcus and I tried to do it with three
people and we're good at it
this is not possible oh my god all right
so we are here at the balloon tour L
we're up the something at the cop so
many balloons and Philip Alyssa's whole
entire room tomorrow morning she's gonna
wake up and just covered in balloons the
floor to the ceiling three or four
thousand balloons maybe 5050 sign this
36415 J ready Rob hiding this stuff from
Elissa trying to do a phone call
Alyssa's asleep y'all haven't finished
filming this video I'm dressing up as a
girl and the heels I have an interview
in 22 minutes this is my life oh you
look cute doll and we always dress up
his white girls yo just kind of right
doesn't it it does slumber party today
mmm up of her um my new girlfriend thank
you guys so much for by the yeah be our
back much for watching today's vlog it
was honor to make the content for you
guys today my family
je crois vlogs love you guys don't
forget to subscribe
say bye Tristan I thought you were just
talking to you so I was I am it's just a
camera
oh look everywhere Reina break Elissa
Shh
make sure you guys watch it tomorrow
peace
