oh this is weird this is YouTube ception
Wow we got good news guys coming back
man they both fell asleep on the couch
last night
it's time to see Joe Oh
whoo back in Los Angeles how everybody
feels good to be back snowboarding trip
was so much fun it's so early so how
long scuse me it's starting to get
really cold in Los Angeles which I'd
like but I also don't land really cold
for Los Angeles is like 50 degrees I
know like if you live in the Midwest you
probably hate me right that's cold for
us so I don't know deal with it deal I'm
from Ohio too so cold for me used to be
like zero degrees and I was used to that
right now so you guys know the giveaway
is going on I told you guys to text a
phone number now apparently some of you
guys are texting the wrong number and
his name is Bill bill if you're watching
this I'm so sorry he sent me an email
and disabled and had this phone for 20
years I'll be getting hundreds of cycles
yo I'm sorry bro a lot of you guys are
texting the right number but this is it
I don't know what to do bill I'm gonna
email you I'm gonna email you I got you
bro like I was saying earlier it's super
cold in Los Angeles and we don't have
heat right now at our house like our
heat literally does it work so it's just
the whole inside turn 250 degrees - and
you have to admit that is cold
testing it blasting it and it doesn't
work they fell asleep again I'm so
annoying don't fall asleep on the couch
bro six and a half hours later hey girl
how was your wake up this morning are
you mad at me
they're mad at me so this TV is still
broken from the other day when we
smashed it oh it's little been sitting
here for a couple days now we're so lazy
what do we do we gotta clean it up hi
stop going on my rope hi so it's Monday
I have a super busy day now I'm going to
react to the video is that my brother
and I made when we were like 12 years
old we called ourselves Zoosh these
videos are absolutely ridiculous
we started making videos when we are 10
years old I don't even know what I'm
about to see inin Zoosh I don't even
know what I'm about to watch eight years
ago Zoosh randomness where did we get
that name here we go this boys it's boys
it's all I bitch left Logan that is
Logan what is he wearing he's trying to
blow more golfers the swinging their
golf clubs we were such a rebel even
then oh my god
he's praying calling someone now you
deliver it to me yeah no no
order order
no three to eight you trying to come up
with a number three two one five he's so
bad Franklin laughing - Mike white white
black ski Mike get up not funny I don't
gotta ask a he thinks you so here's the
forget I read it be Harvey such a big
beer be making up an address making up
an address but yup roasted you got rose
to the air horn i'ma find the video with
me in it yo this is a video of me riding
off a picnic table oh my god I broke my
face looking just laughs at me he just
let me log in you're a jerk Rob I don't
even help me just laugh at me things
Isis are you too busy we're coming back
video YouTube look how awesome we are
this is weird this is YouTube ception
Wow got good news guys come back dang it
man the hype is real man we got thanks
100 this is insane this is a four vine
came out we started making YouTube
videos again oh oh my gosh
Logan that's a black guy why did you
have a black guys he's down we love you
yeah this is like four views the enemy
are so bad there's no music the lighting
is terrible what were we thinking
Logan I have to say bro you were pretty
you you needed some some work on the
facial and you were a Libra you're ugly
it's only might put it I'm sorry I need
you to hold the ladder
yo this is a perfect opportunity
yo this is a perfect opportunity they're
on the roof ELISA and pets are on the
roof you saw that in the ER they look
say hi say hi I'm gonna take the ladder
away to the game no you need you need me
to hold it alright hold on
prank hands getting down I'll see you
later
they hate me they hate me row there you
go
see I do good things I'm such a savage
bro I'm such a savage every chance I get
to prank them it's a must
back to reacting um this was called the
honk Frank we walk in front of cars and
wait until they got really pissed off
and honk their horn and then when they
honked it would go flying back it was
actually a good idea
thank you funny because this is one of
our battery videos where we actually
clever at one point that some guy like
was swearing at us people had no idea
what to do
there goes like you shouldn't tape
videotape that one we weren't we were
videotaping it and now I'm reacting to
it eight years later don't forget to
subscribe to Windsor stuff for the
giveaway and text this number ends in a
couple of days I actually hate how I
turn red on camera I'm not red
she's like my brother she's the hot
version of Logan's vlogging I came up to
you and I was logging the whiteboard oh
my god oh she's sarcastic and I hate her
designing merch right now you can't see
the sneak preview oh my god by Tessa I'm
not gonna miss you huh just get in ah
sorry I'm sorry are you mad at me it's
fine oh your boy got a Forbes article
ala forms article is the first oh yo yo
we got to turn the music off because the
copyright copyright cover right yo guys
super busy day it's gym time ought to
get back
yo Adan is out here I said you're about
to kill it
protein baths Nick no he has to go back
to the UK any last British words for the
vlog oh hello hello if you've made it
this far into the vlog you are the true
family so if you're still watching this
comment every day whole video family and
I'm going to be replying to some of you
guys thank you so much if you're still
here I love you
