you're so white my hair just blends
right in good morning people this is
amazing I am so excited still a little
bit scarred from last night I was that
was one of the creepiest things that has
happened we didn't hear back from the
clown last night footprints over here
that go all the way out to the street so
like I'm guessing someone picked her up
and it was a jump or something it's
freezing it snowed like four inches my
truck is covered Big Bear 2016 first
week it's open no board time with the
friends we're going to the slopes I'm so
ready for this snowboarding is one of my
favorite things in the world and if
you're new to the family what's up guys
i'm jake paul we kill stuff we murder it
every day
stay tuned yo we made it out here it is
super lit everyone is here it's poppin
mountain looks amazing
Chad's never snowboarded before should
be interesting kids out here getting it
I am so excited I got that wooden board
though it's gonna be a little bit hard
to film because it's snowing like crazy
and the cameras are out they get stuck
like this is already soaked you guys are
wet oh it's so cold
hey put that leopard print though
through this view
because you've never snow what is before
it's try just wait he was a professional
skateboarder though and three bro and
I'm hitting the rail I don't care what
anybody says inhaler rail I uh I made a
vine one time where we jumped off one of
these I mean you want some yeah man go
get it no oh my grub on one of these if
there's people like snowboarding or
skiing under me I just yell at them
you're suck president I used to go to
everyone
hey do a backflip do a backflip do a
backflip
whenever the lift stops I feel like
we're just gonna fall into the snow my
bag is definitely not waterproof and
it's nothing to get soaked we're at the
top
it's crazy windy we've done a lot of
runs we thought Chad - Jeff don't come
for me yeah they're the closed off
sections down there see what says
clothes he's at the bombing are you sure
you undo it
yes Chad we're gonna get kicked out just
like we do get kicked out of everywhere
oh my mom and dad one minute
hey here we go we're just pulping our
face it's a cover it with your hands
several hey why are they going back oh
my gosh oh so many people fall off of
this it's not gonna be me bro e in the
mountains it's lit so cold
let's see anything this guy is so white
it's a white Christmas
hit it yup hi it down pissed off alright
now you look at me let's bomb this guy's
ready
oh so hard with the camera you see how
steep it got using gentle eyes I don't
know at this point dizzy is gnarly it's
this first time we're such bad friends
should have waited for him so fast yo
the camera is alive we just finished
snowboarding we're super super super fun
oh my god the cameras almost broke but
we made and that's all that matters also
getting better at snowboarding but
that's one of my goals as always they is
fire
JMC shake my head to grow
I just stopped pulled someone out of
another ditch you know I'm just a
helpful guy you never know when you're
gonna need help
let's keep up with the snow shenanigans
come on call me Ricky Bobby's taking
mesh shaking me yeah made it home can we
talk about my style what are those
people I have to unpack I'm exhausted I
have a lot of stuff to do so I'm gonna
go now and sleep behind but for real
guys you're awesome we kill it every
okay peace out guys
