why is it foot tracks I don't know
someone else there's like four people
here oh they really did it huh
oh my gosh what what yo she's hot what
what are you doing out I'm cool
good morning just worked out fire if you
guys remember the first vlog ever was
filmed at this table it's kind of
special the special table it really is
all I'll say is a lot is gonna happen
today it's gonna be fast pace
prepare yourself let's go let's do it
all right so here we thank you ex we are
going to cry o ther khue therapy
apparently we're freezing ourselves
basically you go into a chamber and you
freeze yourself negative 240 degrees
second nitrogen gas I don't know how I
feel about this usually I'm just used to
being so hot you know what I mean - I
did they're not funny am I gonna die
maybe we're gonna get down to negative
240 degrees I may be but Crocs what are
those
I look so dumb right now it's
fashionable yeah I have to stand in
there
hey yo oh my gosh okay are you okay
we're gonna say is this legal
yeah I don't want to move 2220 yeah I'm
going snowboarding I think tomorrow so
this will happen for a better book it
was cold I think that I think that's
pretty self-explanatory brother I feel
great though this is just the start of a
crazy day take these Crocs off and put
on something better let's go just got
out of the shower and it is pouring rain
in Los Angeles this is crazy dancing
this much rain and so long but I died I
realized that this might cause a problem
I'm gonna go snowboarding tomorrow we
might not be able to now no I don't know
I don't know um it's pouring rain
outside so does that mean we can't
snowboard
no no because there it's a colder so
that means it's probably pouring snow so
it's better so it's even better
whoa yeah we found this TV like outside
at one of our neighbors house they're
gonna throw it away
oh let's film videos with this TV though
we're gonna like smash it and stuff our
let's carry it upstairs you ready I only
have one hand because that's a vlog oh
wow it's heavy let me give you a hand ah
yeah whatever you don't drop it it's a
brand-new TV so what I saw so this is
this video turned into the most absurd
thing ever
she's acting like she's our sister and
that they're kissing and Ritchie's gonna
be shirtless and come and help me throw
the TV off the balcony crazy bro over
the dog has a wig on now yo what is this
we got murdered oh wow wow that's sick
hmm I wish I had one of those those are
simple yeah yeah you look good bro
you look good I just got the greatest
email basically I don't know if you guys
remember a while back but I went to
Hawaii to shoot commercials for the new
Disney movie Moana there is a guy who
you might know you might may not know
him he was in the commercial his name is
Dwayne the rock Johnson I don't know if
you guys have ever heard of him but yeah
I was in a commercial with him and I
finally get to see it I'll play it for
you guys
I'm so excited it's gonna be my first
time seeing it we'll put it up right now
hey Disney Channel we're on an amazing
adventure inspired by Disney's Moana
with our friend Ali Carvalho who plays
Moana Aloha Moana and her friend now we
are on a quest across the ocean in order
to save her family how he is totally my
favorite and he's played by Dwayne
Johnson and Moana and while we have an
interesting friendship worth a shot
I know someone we can call that knows
just as much about Maui as I do
alii Dwayne Johnson we're pretty much
best friends now oh my gosh Dwayne
Johnson I'm with Jake and Olivia here at
Disney's Aulani Resort
oh nice hey what's going on guys Dwayne
we're just trying to find out everything
we need to know about Maui well you came
to the right place Maui is a demigod
he's a hero
across the Pacific Islands he's brave
he's talented but incredibly humble of
course thanks but how about what we need
to know okay all right well listen he's
got a mighty magical fish hook that
allows him to transform into these
amazing creatures Moana and now we make
a pretty good team totally agree
thanks for taking a break to talk to a
swing not a problem I'm on the treadmill
right now got my phone here you guys
have fun oh hey I have an idea come on
right and set ready oh come on not cool
catch Disney's mallanna November 23rd in
3d rated PG eyes
anyone oh my gosh Jeffy look I got a new
TV for the house it's right over here I
just brought it inside oh you don't like
mine ha ha
this was on sale Jeffrey no Jeffrey what
are you gonna do don't touch it I just
got it it was the Black Friday sale
Jeffrey I mean one day I'll show you boy
no Jeffrey oh yeah Jeffrey what have you
got that for knowing Jeffrey what have
you got that in your man's boy
Jeffrey Jeffrey boy oh boy Jeffrey was
on sale I didn't think you would be mad
I used to play hockey back on the day
Jeff and Jeff hey Jeff a dummy hey what
are you doing boy Jeffrey you broke the
hell outta me there was it now you don't
have another one
Jeffrey oh my god Jeffrey what are you
doing Jeffrey about to throw this TV off
the balcony for this skit that we were
filming earlier doing it's just gonna
shatter are you sewing live on tape off
blog tically I'm gonna have to start
packing because we're going to Big Bear
to go snowboarding tomorrow mixer mode
we got a cabin in the woods this is vlog
50 by the way insane yeah yeah ok
imagine like why is it ok what if I did
this just it's only accepted cuz they're
girls
ok this is just weird
I got hurt all right Alisa can you make
me a girl don't come for him on I'm
gonna be so pretty I know you kissed my
boyfriend
oMG Tiffany relax I can't relax
we're like been dating for like 18
months or a year then why did he kiss me
under the midnight 20 because I mean
you're kind of hot I think you're hot
oh no it's really happening don't you go
get fabulous mm-hmm I look good don't
spin spin
well is it a tight squeeze or what Oh yo
did you rip it my new one is forever 21
anyway
oh my gosh this is my best girlfriend is
my other best girl what's up girl I love
your hand my good your nails are sour no
they're not so packed for Big Bear we're
about to leave I don't know what Big
Bear is it's like this massive mountain
in California it's like one of the most
popular spots to snowboard right now
it's like it's like 40 degrees right now
here in Los Angeles which is like super
cold there it's like 20 degrees they
just got a lot of snow we're gonna shred
so hard tomorrow we got a cabin for
tonight that we can stay in snowboarding
is like one of my favorite things to do
it's like an escape you like when you're
going down the mountain you can't think
about anything else it's amazing so I'm
gonna try and snowboard as much as I can
this year yo so like we predicted it's
like really really snowy and my car is
like pulled over on the side of the road
and I can't make it up the mountain Chad
and all of them are in the other in the
van which is only two wheel drive so
they're stopping at a gas station to get
chains savior's on the side of the road
that give you chains so we got chains we
got changed for the Sprinter so now I
think we're gonna know I think we're
gonna be good
Oh quite a lot for Christmas
oh wait a minute I got the black card Oh
savvy that chat is a savage yes let's do
it
let's hit it yeah yeah that's just such
an amazing job we made it
oh no it's our Wow look at this oh my
gosh
I'm going inside I'm going right yo
we're gonna see it if there's a there
where the hot tub is hot tub Thomas see
what appeal I'm so excited to go in the
hot tub like it's the best when you're
in the snow never yet boo Bay is looking
fine though in the snow though look cool
right ready Oh
Balian let's hit the top uh is on this
side is it no Jordan way back here well
look what did you already check out the
hot tub no why is it foot tracks I don't
know someone else there's like four
people here oh they really did it huh oh
my gosh what what yo she's hot what what
are you doing out I know no bro I'm down
with this constant I got with this huh
speak to me oh it's hi I'm going to
cipher stop stop stop stop stop stop oh
thank you No are you cold
abandoner going in yo you're stop stop
literally stop just stop
I'll put the knife down put the knife
down put the knife down
put the knife down if you want to come
inside support the knife down put it
down put it down okay bro I'm done with
this I'm done with this stuff there's no
way sir
bro it's frizzy she's freezing she
applied this will let's see if she's
okay take her inside
ting bro yo why are you outside it's 30
degrees why is hot is our heater yeah I
don't want to touch her I don't want to
go Jane do not let this girl walk
towards me right bro there's a heater no
no put the knife down
I thought you dropped an IEP I thought
you dropped the knife dad
yo yo yo yo yo where is that a blanket
but the knife down do it there's a
heater in the corner stand by it
stana you don't know you brought in here
you go deal with it go I didn't bring
her whoa there Oh some fun so people I
know she's hot but you can't stop and
she's acting weird I'm telling you stay
up stop door yo you know I just locked
it
why would you let a random girl into the
humans if she gonna die out there
yeah you call the cops bro just kick her
out either okay but she's so hot she's
so hot she's so hot go give her a hug
and make out there what a chance are you
gonna kiss her right now
what about three no no no what she's
doing here
you want to play games go play games
with that oh yeah how do we kick her
back out we need to put us you have a
sweatshirt take my shirt off right now
yeah give it to her I really don't give
it to her give it to her give it to her
and then we can let her go outside okay
this is this is how stuff happens on
movies uh we're in a cabin yo she's no
knife anymore and I'm a wrestler and I
used to box I'm fine
um here's a jacket if you're an idiot
Jake no jacket please don't hurt me okay
okay no no no no no no kick her out
right now careful you're gonna stop this
is not one of your sick dreams right now
this is weird man one why I'm done I'm
not doing
you're so stupid what I know there's no
girls here right never won you oh my god
can you get out of the house now now
right
Jake I'm not joking right now bro I'm
not doing this right now Jake Paul what
are you doing my god what is wrong with
you
take your vlog camera cuz I'm not even
here please leave bye but I get the hell
out stop
what is wrong with you close the door
you idiot what are you doing um in here
nap Jake I'm not joking anymore stop
creepiest thing I've ever freaking done
with him up oh my I'm serious though
she's gone she's gone you know what
though you did make out the killer pop
oh yo she was such a good user why she's
aha back in here with you I'm leaving
right now I'm not even joking with you
Jake and I'm this is off your vulgar
self everything I'm not joking right now
I'm being theory I'm good seriously I'm
not Jake I'm seriously you stop you open
door I'm going to leave right now I'm
not even joking something's wrong bro I
know the killer crows no no stop stop
stop it's fine
okay I'm ready they're eking out though
I'm not okay everything right now
release I'm not even acting or jokey or
anything freaked out by her by that girl
entirely I'm sick of it if it's a prank
I'm not funny I was a pretty we didn't
tell anybody where we're going
no one are you snapchatted it I how many
followers you have a lot you have a lot
Ted you know this door is locked
geez there's foot tracks out yes I only
saw her what happened she walked out she
like did her thing right it was a fan
that the doors open stop please did the
door just open about to leave and I
wanted to snowboard him tomorrow but
take please I'm displeased I think
there's something Noble listen she
probably just walked into the street and
friend picked her up she probably parked
down the street her friend picked her up
and left and left all right so she's
gone change if you're joking with me
right now and you know this girl Jake
I'm seriously gonna be upset with you
I think it's over I think it's fine
three things three things really fast
number one it's what just happened I
don't play that anymore
I don't play that anymore number number
two number two don't forget to enter the
giveaway guys because I'm about to win
the TV if no one else does he's just
said it yeah we're giving xbox one ps4
beats to do TV and all you have to do is
you'll see the video just go to my
videos and you'll see like the giveaway
video over three number three third
thing is I don't know if you guys
remember but I flew in a fighter jet
about a week ago we could go the full
video is out now the full edited video
is shine like HD we went 700 miles per
hour it is on one pluses channel you
there my homies check it out the video
is so sick I almost died while flying
this fighter jet
um but yeah we'll put the link like up
here somewhere I don't know which angle
or which corner but we'll put it there
you can go check out that video it's
fire and I think that is it um we're
gonna go to sleep or snowboarding in the
morning gonna do like crazy jumps flips
shred some snoring are you guys stay
sexy and chedi everything say don't go
