okay so this is amazing yo I have to sit
in this like dad your engine is gonna be
like $100,000 like today after
Thanksgiving and the food is all in you
and you feel guilty
oh yeah yeah work it off no no I can't
sleep I got a guy who would why do you
do this to me I can actually feel the
food like traveling around in me that
weird morning good people see sometimes
you just got to switch it up live life a
little bit crazy if that's my definition
of living a crazy life and I don't know
I'm Jake Paul we're in Los Angeles and
this is my life last night
stayed up late going Black Friday
shopping it's kind of like this crazy
experience I don't know what I thought
about it people just like running around
the deals aren't even like that good you
may be like saving like $50 fun
experience hung out with some friends oh
I got up early to get some stuff done
you know those days where everything
feels like it's caught up to you and you
have to like get stuff done I have to
work out I have to clean have to watch
the new episodes of his aardvark I
missed last week there's still like all
of this trash from like when we made the
500 meals for the homeless people I
don't even know what happened here oh my
gosh
giveaway stuff I've been traveling so
much Barcelona Portugal Prague and so
I'm a little bit behind on my life but
we gonna rock it anyway reunited with
Bay won't leave you this long again I
would Shh prank Alyssa she's literally
like texted me last night and was like
don't prank me like I want to sleep in
love a lot you're so annoying
I feel kind of bad I still like pranker
I don't know I don't know it also just
realized that we've almost been vlogging
for 50 days who are starting to become a
family this is great shout out to the
people that come back every single day
love you guys and there's so much more
awesome stuff to come yo can we talk
about our Polaroid wall is just becoming
absurd look at right she sticks her butt
out someone else points at it just
becoming it's because
out of control okay okay all right now
I'm gonna run now I'm gonna run got
these new security gates and I can't
like I don't know how to work it yet so
I'm trying to figure out how to do it I
think I pressed this oh yeah buddy geez
I need to get back in better shape
that's how you break a food coma though
I can carry this in one trip that's a
lot though but let's see what I could do
cue montage
smells really bad oh wow I'm actually
really surprised that I was able to do
that that was actually really uh-oh
I just got out of the shower and were
about to hit 700,000 subscribers
such as all here we go here we go
- hi come come we got this yeah 700,000
of us strong guys I love each and every
one of you thank you guys so much for
coming back every single day
so I guess I fell asleep on the couch I
just woke up I think it's the food it is
freezing in this house and in Los
Angeles hot so arm day 46 in the wild
we're hauled off by this fire we haven't
eaten
we have anemia I'm starting to blisters
on my face dad did you find this footage
or mom - mom if you find it - just know
that I love you I mean I should know
that I love you and that we did
everything we could to survive who's
there who is that huh oh you should
adjust that it's so cold in here so we
were literally just standing by the fire
yeah Oh must be nice to have those yeah
yeah it is
it actually does look like it oh those
little subscribe to my channel
yeah everyone that subscribes for sure
yeah you'll get a pair you'll get a pair
trust me trust me trust guys it's not
gonna get a pair just subscribe so
you're gonna get a pair in the mail I'm
gonna get them for you right now I'm
gonna get them for you nope nope do May
got a new subscriber so now they're his
yeah Calvin you get a pair of my sister
yeah subscribe I'm Sam subscribe he just
subscribed oh yeah yeah no no no no
Peter subscribe to me so easy to get
that yeah
oh yeah he just subscribe so yeah I got
those for you because you subscribed we
are going to get food
reading healthy food I'm back on like my
challenge kind of vibe salad so LA I
know and then we're going to the LA Auto
Show
so where's parking at the LA Auto Show
and Chad's gonna stop traffic so that we
can get in it's I don't think it's
worked at this is so illegal this is so
illegal sorry it's my friend it worked
okay high five
whoo yeah baby oh we made it I'm so
excited right now cars are like my
favorite thing in life I'm gonna be in
heaven Thank You Chad you know what to
do I don't know what to do if you guys
know me you know that like I live for
cars and trucks Christian can you please
give me a reality check I feel like I'm
in a dream oh I still feel like I'm
gonna drink it Jed what do you have in
your pocket bro he didn't know I had
smoke bombs why do you smoke pot to be
late
smoke bomb in front of a client steal
the car you see oh my gosh oh my oh my
gosh okay so uh this is amazing
that's all I gotta say like dad your
engine's gonna be like $100,000 Blake
Michael
oh my gosh I'm such a rebel I'm such a
rebel it's gonna get in the car with the
family it's up guys
I'm up for adoption this could be our
family car yeah yeah for real
it's my new family no cushion cushion I
got a new family bro it's my dad we just
got a car together
yeah we just got it's kind of commitment
yeah but it will be fun I'm excited half
of the car is gone I don't mean to
interrupt the conversation but half the
car is gone sexy that's really sexy I'd
touch it
where we going where we going Hoover
Hoover may we left me I'm gonna touch it
grand off my car tick oh I touch pow
look at this one penis crawl right under
there I gonna crawl space under here
yeah yeah looks good I'd probably buy
this love the underbelly there's no
leaks it's kind of news clown car you
look great
it's a little small for you guys but you
look great yo yo should we try and flip
it sui transphobia
yeah we had two more people we could
flip that thing since I'm really mad I
qualify right you sure I don't know if
we're doing this right I definitely
really in KK you buy jeans are too tight
we fit three grown men on here uber uber
going to West Hollywood
no the uber is over here Oh Oh per mover
for Jade uber for Jake no can we go find
this a movie
where's our uber we can't find our uber
I said we just walk the block and a half
home all right let's not should be
coming down here this is the street
uber uber for Jake uber uber for Jake
you guys uber for Jake nope
they look a little young to be over
driver oh this is our this is our uber
for uber for Jake right oh yeah we found
it we found over yeah SUV it's an SUV
come on get in here oh we're going to
our Hollywood sign I'm sorry yeah all
right yep we're going everyone file in
file in baby in here we got a cutie if
you have the aux cord
you got the USB cord but it's bluetooth
oh oh wow three stars ha ha ha yeah
again again clear the traffic Chad all
right yep you're good to go you're good
to go
is this your car yes this is an uber
this is your car though because you
don't seems you're making you don't seem
to have the keys and I just need a roast
Chevy for a second um yo what is this
bro you're roasting yourself out here
man oh my god you think the horn works
oh there's a guy in here with a vacuum
I'm out it's amazing the whole side
comes up you know I have to sit in this
dough let's have a party in the back of
this one work it work it work it
the chance is one of our five-year-old
Geass teaching on this guy a hug 1 2 3 3
ah this is your car is this your car
yep it ends yes it is look at you look
at you oh he's done with that photo
shoot he is done come here I go yo
distract him distract him while I'm
gonna take his dog distract him the
shotgun yeah oh my god I got the dog I'm
out I'm out I'm out Oh Christian
do you want to aggressively make out
here hold that freakin go oh sorry
alright guys we just left the Auto Show
super awesome like I had so much fun la
beautiful night Friday night I don't
know what I'm gonna do probably just
chill eat some dinner thank you guys so
much for watching
we're truly starting to become a family
guys and it means a lot to me thank you
guys for coming back every single day I
love you
Wow
