alright guys so giveaway details the ps4
Xbox one Beats Studio wireless and a 32
inch HD Smart TV let's just say hi
someone's mad Thanksgiving yeah I forgot
my keys but I forgot my keys got like
he's got my keys a little promiscuous
with those boots on huh ha'la'tha really
mad right now she gets in these moods
look at her look at her go
it is currently still Thanksgiving it's
like 8 o'clock at night we haven't had
Thanksgiving dinner yet we're going to
meet up with some friends have some
Thanksgiving dinner you guys are gonna
be watching this on Friday Black Friday
tonight we're gonna go out and like mess
with people at the store and be doing a
giveaway find some stuff for you guys
stay tuned for that
dick oh this is awkward it's really
awkward man hi
do you guys even vlog Christian I'm at
your house bro happy Thanksgiving
brother are we almost kissed their
mosque is slide this is what
Thanksgiving is about
oh good cushion boom I didn't know
you've got a job at Taco Bell I I'm not
working there full-time it's just like a
justice I okay it's in time baby yeah
welcome to talk about panting tacos for
two dollars at five o'clock
yeah it buys a upside down I don't work
at Taco Bell okay how would you live
level got left o copy at level 29
oh my god finally do my seat for 30
minutes okay guys almost midnight we're
going Black Friday
why was I the only one that was excited
these people go so hard for Black Friday
like I don't even get it bro this Davis
bog yeah this is so we don't lose Alyssa
well we're Black Friday shopping
munition what are you Christian what are
you doing a couple places
how many why didn't need so many getting
a sign too
why are you getting to the sign signs on
sale to seal just get everything that's
the sale oh oh oh oh you're that dog a
second um now this is a real thing now
let's just attaching a balloons to the
back of her head I don't want you amuse
me I'm taking this car
green stuff for the giveaway right now
ps4 Beats Studio Xbox one Xbox one
anyone want an Xbox one let's do that
yeah come on why not
this looks great wait what are the odds
that you scream at the top of your lungs
one two three three oh this is evil let
my gosh a couple goals a couple goals
couple goals look it just yeah what's
not edible it's not edible but zero at
friends on sale their friends unstable
he wanted friends
which other takes TV I try thank you
Alessa and other ELISA are trying to
convince this like store manager to let
us do a mannequin challenge a Black
Friday mannequin challenge over the
whole entire story what was the verdict
I'm gonna scream at the top of my lungs
Jake found dumb Gangnam style over here
and we got the same haircut it yeah that
does Han oh gosh line oh how do you do
it right we're like how do you do that
man how do you do that how do you
hear it I did oh you did your hair like
that my head past it your head put on
 soft man heard you there
conditioner found a new friend
I'm gonna keep them wait wait so you
convinced the store manager I'm a lot I
can't go on the intercom but I can get
off and straight are you gonna do it I
don't condone these activities yeah we
have film permits via film permit no she
got the awk
she got the aux hookup we got the music
for the mannequin challenge and
everything oh my gosh what is she doing
what is she doing
oh look the security's coming mr.
cherries goodbye I knew this happen
she got a yellow shirt she's official
she's really official she's got a yellow
shirt she getting kicked out oh oh there
goes the music she's gonna be in bitch
she's gonna be in the mannequin
challenge she's broken though she's
closing she's so million because you see
hey that's right
high five mannequin challenge oh she's
still trying the efforts there the
efforts there I guess we're just gonna
see how many stores we get kicked out of
tonight we're idea 1 out of 1 right so
we got a TV Xbox one PlayStation Beats
Studio wireless giveaway details coming
- boom
right if you want to be in the video
yeah Magus I'm gonna go already
all right three two one go aye hold on
hon I'm so going so going still going
I'm still going I'm still going
miss so going so going hi guys I'll see
you later
explaining with you high five high five
what's up guys Black Friday boom big
ball yeah Thank You Man I appreciate it
keep killing store number two giveaway
details coming soon we're gonna go in
this store and just get rowdy
we're in Irani oh my gosh this is so
gold Alyssa do you want to what is this
the happy couple section look at these
happy couples it's fine I don't feel
alone I don't feel alone oh oh oh watch
out you got it you got it sorry come on
we should we should wait honey oh my god
are you cheating on me hey put him down
oh my gosh
Alyssa Alyssa keep it PG we're in a
store yo-yo how was it how was it
you should get a kiss you know what call
this one taking people's TVs out of
their cards
excuse me I was joking it was it oh my
god I thought about it oh my god you get
so mad oh they get so mad
thank you thank you thank you love good
deals they're great um Starbucks order
for Jake Paul duh you know what these do
not really sure yeah it's a let's game
of me who did it went something like
this
cruising down the street and my six
Jeffrey what are you doing against cars
parted you know you're able to walk you
don't need one of those Jeffrey stop you
don't stuffy get you never get get off
of the Jeffrey Jeffrey get off of that
Jeffrey do we get kicked out again yes
Jeffrey is all because you were driving
the console wreck oh don't blame
everything on me like you always do for
the past 40 years
I told you to drive safe and you were
running into people in the hallway I was
fine I could see perfectly
Jeffrey you were running into small
children I can see perfectly Jeffrey get
out of the store this immediately
they're gonna kick us out even more
we need a chill we did it chilly guys oh
yeah I'm just I'm just trying to have
fun
better be doing stuff here then on the
streets causing real trouble you know
baby yeah but we definitely just got
kicked out of that store oh I found you
I found you oh my god oh my god okay all
right nothing in the mouth put the
tongue back in time back in this one oh
no all right guys so giveaway details
with ps4 Xbox one Beats Studio wireless
and a 32 inch HD Smart TV again I'm
doing this giveaway guys because I want
to spread awareness of my channel and I
hope you guys like really enjoy it and
the purpose of it is so that you guys
can get to know me and start to be a
part of the vlog family where I'm
posting videos every single day and I
want to also be able to give back to you
guys for supporting me so I'm doing
giveaways a lot when me doing them more
and more often and I really want you
guys to stay tuned every single day and
I keep up with all the content and more
giveaways in the future and all that
stuff so here's how to win it's really
simple two things
one subscribe to the channel like I said
I put a ton of effort in the videos you
guys won't regret it
number two
this number which item you want so that
way you have a better chance of winning
that specific item we are going to be
picking winners in five days make sure
you guys stay tuned and again
subscribe to the channel text this
number with which item you want and that
is it trust me we're going to be
checking to make sure you guys do both
things
so do it ro five days you have higher
chances to win do it now also the more
you spam me talk about it the more you
text this number the better chances you
have to win I hope you guys had a great
Thanksgiving and an awesome Black Friday
we made a video yesterday we were eating
about 500 meals to homeless people on
Skid Row if you guys haven't seen that
already check it out and that has been
it for today Jake Paul vlogs love you
guys please
