let's go back to the word Thanksgiving
be thankful and give thanks giving two
words first of all thanks thank you guys
for supporting me on a day-to-day basis
and watching my videos and supporting
everything that I have going on in my
life I challenge each and every one of
you to thank everyone in your life and
don't take anything that they do for you
for granted
thank the smallest individuals in your
life and thank the biggest and most
important people in your life be
thankful for what you have and try and
focus on the good things in your life if
you do that you will always be happy
giving I think an important part of this
holiday is giving back again I challenge
each and every one of you to give back
each year I try and make it a mission to
give back last year my dad and I drove
around Los Angeles handing out
sandwiches bags of chips and snacks I
didn't put it on social media because at
the time I wasn't daily luck but I'm
going to start doing this every year so
this year you guys are coming along with
me for the journey
I don't know how many people are gonna
watch this video but if each one of you
get us back today it can change the
world we live in I want to use my
influence for good let's all come
together and give back it's Wednesday
night and we're going to go out to the
store right now and buy a bunch of
supplies to give out to people tomorrow
morning we're gonna go downtown to Skid
Row Skid Row is one of the most densely
populated homeless areas in Los Angeles
we're going to go out there tomorrow
morning early and give out some
Thanksgiving meals hopefully we can put
a smile on a couple people's faces and
fill their stomachs I think a lot of
people get lost in Thanksgiving they
start to think about the food and scene
family while those are super important
and awesome things let's go back to the
word Thanksgiving be thankful and give I
hope you guys enjoy the rest of this
video because it's going to take us a
lot of time and effort let's go get off
some meals
you
you
you
you
you
you
