in a second just one second we're about
to do something that we've never ever
done on a vlog before good morning Jake
Pollard's that's right it's me Cade I
have a little surprise for you guys
and Jake this morning so we're staying
in a hotel together and Jake is our next
door neighbor Nate and I are staying in
this room right Nathan right right
correct so hey I wanna go wait Jake Oh
on this vlog cos he left his vlog camera
in my room I think it's gonna be cold
remember the ice bucket challenge
room service
good morning it's winter in back oh my
gosh time to work however good morning
Jake
polish what your blog belts on and if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
are the Jake Pollard's and this is Las
Vegas baby
Oh what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
and you're probably wondering ah why is
the blonde shot and the brown shot in
Las Vegas suit watches what city you see
what had happened was guys is uh you
know that we do big business move and
currently here in Las Vegas is like a
big business like tech convention thingy
majiggy whatever technology is like the
move whatever boom we're doing business
here in Vegas and now we actually got
here last night roll the clips we got
here last night roll the clip
what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
that is that is Vegas we're here we're
here
Vegas we're here baby but yo welcome to
the most of the YouTube channel on
YouTube
y'all just became a part of today's
journey no boy opal is it a big one whoa
however let me get you guys caught up to
speed because some stuff has already
gone down in yesterday's vlog I actually
turned into the mini Jake
Paul roll it
oh hey white chick come some sorry what
did you guys do made me take Paula's
dope but I'm back guys and I yo it is
time for a bad pick-up line
hey baby huh dude you're supposed to be
a girl take two hey baby
you know how much of a polar bear how
much a polar bear actually weighs enough
to break the ice hi
however enough with the bad pickup lines
guys also in yesterday's vlog I bought
Chad a car Congrats on the car chat and
you're probably wondering Jake why does
it look like you have makeup on well you
do I do I do
America the reason I have makeup on
though is because your boy has like to
speak in front of a bunch of business
people today about social medias and Tim
tens and and fluence and and just
overall just on my overall path to
conquering Hollywood oh oh oh so your
boy had to put on the pink outfit gotta
get the Jake Walmart's going you got to
do the hair and you got to put on the
makeup roll the clip
are y'all mother look for sex because my
girl Z's got the lights so you can see
how ugly I am going to be a mama yeah
you hit his hair Vegas baby Vegas baby
she's a plugin i'm not talking about a
merge point however i'm going to take
this moment to plug the more expand joy
taco backslash shake well that's what my
mom says mom good morning bouncers
hamsters Erica Costello here get him and
makeup done this morning yeah and I just
want to say I hope y'all are having such
a good day if you don't know who I am
I'm Erica Costello Eric Acosta be the
type that does like
no oh you asked me if I want eyeliner I
don't want I live it wrong what happens
in Vegas stays in Vegas
12 seconds later okay fine I want
eyeliner
America calm down first take so sexy and
also hashtag technology guys because we
are almost at this event and it is the
most technological event of the year
it's called CES or something like that
in Sumer Electronic Show Consumer
Electronics Show
I just heard Vegas I was in guys on
today's journey with us is manager Kevin
the man the myth the legend uncle okay
filmer uncle nation
and chamoy hashtag sexy professor
professor
Pulver
this event is like manager Kev's natural
habitat this is all he wants to do is do
pit look he's on a phone call right now
as we speak like he probably knows
everybody here this is his natural
habitat guys just look at him
manager calf here I managed on Jay Paul
T behind uh you want to do some business
together
I drink green tea a lot you know kind of
good-looking for my age what in this
call right now what it's really hard for
me to concentrate on this call right now
it's really hard got a dailies call
please be quiet back backtrack just tone
it down please shut
however y'all are caught up to speed and
it is time to Vegas baby so put your
plug belts on and get ready for today's
ad adventures baby good morning Vegas
come back in here you're gonna mess your
makeup up in the rain we're here
damn son you're looking good you're
looking gonna keep it up all of you
I see I told you the pink was hashtag
sexy it says ask me yeah you have do you
have Jake Palmer
Jake oh yeah okay just a question fans
wear that go back to us Jake Paul run
ok ok we want 1 million you know I got
Kevin Rolex too for this very nice thank
you Jake I appreciate it no problem he's
getting all emotional now ok I'll take
the emotion out with the emotion you
know do you hear that this is where we
need to be I know they're drifting we
need to go there I told you this place
was dope and we are convention ready
this place is like absolutely giant I
got my badge and Kate and I ate
sandwiches and we're ready for the day
good how does it go sandwich good and
we're off to a great start because look
at this yellow boy made it on the wall
cuz I'm so out here hashtag technology
however guys this is a crazy place of
business like look at this a bunch of
manager kids as you see here on the team
10 Safari right now manager keV is
spotted in his natural habitat last time
we're on a team 10 Safari there was a
lion in our front yard I mean well the
side oh he spotted us Jake's still
running Jake Oh Jake's gone Oh God we've
lost him we lost someone the Safari I
think I'm safe beyond this barrier here
I found the control panel to the whole
event if I lose they got to turn the
whole event off all right Rock Paper
Scissors shoot doing it anyways yo yo
sorry this is actually your natural
habitat literally everyone here knows
the cabin that gates business under
house
what do you mean there's other stuff
this is this is his natural habitat
Tipton Safari bro
but guys this place is like a giant maze
of like the dopest products and like
technology and dope stuff in general so
I want to show you guys like the most
funny most lit and some of the coolest
technology and products that are here
you know they have tasers here bro I've
never seen a Taser I'm freaking out bro
look at this thing it goes on a window
and it just like cleans the window yo
you guys don't go fist ball boom
it tastes like lemons it's tandem bro
he's trying to be undercover I'm gonna
let him do his thing but Santa is here
he's trying to be so low-key right we
caught you say enough run and guys I
found to the Ohio section nothing like a
good old tailgate we got a barbecue we
got football we got a TV cornhole we got
pickups oh yeah okay we got generator we
got there's an RV with the helicopter on
top of it and the RV has a hot tub in it
too this makes the cool bus look like
the full bus it's like a giant metal
military robotic dog oh my gosh I told
you it was a giant dog what if you're
not first
your last back chance and Anthony are
here where no check do it chance and
Anthony I'm not just me cave Anthony
what's Facebook is that like a yearbook
you got in school like the book is a
book of faces all I know is that I
played in this celebrity soccer game one
time and I scored a goal
we have wind speeds we're moving at an
excess of 25 miles an hour this crazy oh
we're going on the move chest bump Y on
the move we're on the move and the moon
now you space yeah their space this
space
made it to our next location and guys ah
in a second just one second we're about
to do something that we've never ever
done on a vlog before but before that I
just want to take a moment because Jake
Pollard's we just hit 13 million
subscribers thank you guys join the
strongest the most lit youtube channel
on the platform smash that subscribe
button it's just the start of our
journey I truly want to thank each and
every one of you for supporting me on a
day-to-day basis and this crazy life
that I live but I let's keep on smashing
it cuz talks on talks on talks on talks
guys like I said we are about to do
something that has never been done
before on these vlogs I'm calling it a
4-minute challenge where you have to do
something for four minutes straight
without stopping no cuts no editing and
you do it in a public place I think we
got a hit an air-hump for four minutes -
that's stamina you know we get a timer
put your blog belt on guys in three two
are you take Poli
we can do a selfie - selfie sorry four
minutes
my head
poor how hard they can be smart I feel
like I'm Steve a little bit 4-minute
escapes 4 minutes
right
only three more minutes no it's really a
workout
kid
but you definitely pull in the back boss
so she's Aviva gun don't have to workout
today
okay at least the merchants keeping me
warm are you doing that my good friend
oh the back I'm gonna make it all for
now
I don't care what it says oh you know
I'm gonna I won't be stopped
thank you for your support you're still
watching this this is the hardest thing
I've ever done in my life I commend you
I don't know about these four minutes
and they do you want to yeah this is
I don't even running hook
oh hey what's up bro
how you doing alright turn the cabin a
delivery turn it yeah so what 45 seconds
ice their own we're almost done 45
seconds
for 44 cents
oh yeah how's this pictures we're done
run okay okay
we got eight more seconds
all right 30 more site time thank you
guys so much
high-five cop your self some of the
hottest parts in the game fans raikou
backslash Jake Paul you already know cuz
that we completed the 4-minute challenge
guys we're going back to Los Angeles
right now
Vegas was fun and I will see y'all there
tomorrow because every day bro what's up
Jake Pollard's listen guys I want to be
able to give you guys exclusive updates
on merchandise news things I have going
on in my life if you guys want to be
able to communicate with me text me talk
to me do with all of these amazing
things then go to next Jake Paul me Tex
Jake Paul calm which is gonna give you
guys exclusive discounts exclusive March
exclusive text message it's literally
that easy so go to text Jake Paul calm
right now and we're gonna be chatty
Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
whoo
