okay ready it's fine Eddie yeah yeah
YouTube what is up today we are doing
the lick my body challenge I'm gonna be
licking parts of her body that she puts
in front of my mouth with a blindfold on
we have a blindfold why did I agree to
do this mom I'm so sorry your mom
follows me yeah no way I'm gonna have to
guess what parts of her body that I'm
licking you didn't introduce me Oh Oh
guys this is a list of violet she's uh
what are you waiting with you what do
you do realize she's a realtor she's a
real local realtor maybe anyhow did an
area just give me a call you definitely
want her to show you a house fine let's
get started I'm gonna blindfold and yeah
oh my gosh it's like we're dating wait
what are you doing it's not it's not
just that like that like that you're not
really good at this you should stick to
being a real attorney where we're
starting yeah all right nervous hey
Nathan all right but you have to tell me
when the lick you say lick right I don't
know yeah just say lick when when
something's around my mouth because I
can't see cat hi
ready yeah yeah I'm so nervous
that's an iPhone the iPhone it's like my
body challenge I support my body it's a
part of my body ready yeah I'm late
there was a lot of hair on that one hold
from plane
hold for plane no why was there so much
hair Brody shape of what was that that
was definitely I feel like that was your
arm like right here yeah was that right
you want to know what that one what was
it oh yeah yeah okay okay I think I'm
good at this okay ready yeah
wait wait I smelled what ah yo I don't
like this I don't like this that was
like it was like rubbery who was that
your calf muscle okay ready yeah ready
mm-hmm
wait oh I don't like this
was that your hair no my armpit hair I
really don't like this challenge I feel
like you're gonna put your foot in my
mouth I'd have a vision oh all right
yeah
I'm waiting I'm trying the good date
myself
I'm waiting okay laughing I'm not
laughing my hair good high rating yeah
it was that your back no you know what
am i licking ah what did it taste like
what did it taste like there's like skin
good yeah what was it doing it what was
it what no put your hands down hands
down hand down good lick that was
definitely your back no bra that was my
armpit oh my god you're so nasty no
ready yeah yeah like there's nothing
here okay I can't like that was
fantastic
what what was it you're not that way it
felt cushiony it felt like a if you
don't know what that was I can't be
friends with you it was your cheek yeah
okay what's nice with this with this
there's definitely you're definitely
have perfume and that area hung out
what was that your ear was that your ear
no what was it you're so bad I need to
watch the video I need to watch the
video I'm gonna watch this video I want
to know what it was I can't see where I
want to watch to me bro chill I'll be
back yeah way back all right
one more one more one more I got this
how many have I gotten right like two
three okay okay ready I'm ready
could you turn out that was definitely
your fight
that was definitely your foot that was
definitely your foot now why did that
was definitely her foot was that your
foot yeah oh you it was that her foot no
good man
what did I lick you don't know that I
feel like I like here
why is my makeup on you're wearing
makeup no I wake up like this I woke
upmy gasp all right guys um thank you so
much for watching the lick my body
challenge make sure you guys subscribe
for daily videos and maybe next time
you'll lick my body because I may be a
revenge lick it lick it lick it your
lipstick oh yo she got lipstick on me
all right guys I love you bye
and if you guys want make sure I
subscribe to Alyssa's channel she does
vlogs too and subscribe to her channel
it's you're here yeah Wow thank you guys
so much bye
