I got a cat days by Stan I love you
engine starting oh boy
good morning dragon yes we are in Prague
in the Czech Republic I don't even know
where that is
do you today I am here with Sandra art
I'm going to fly in a fighter jet going
700 miles per hour
oh oh no nah if you guys watch the vlog
the other day you would have saw that I
made the last-minute decision to fly 18
hours to Prague to do this the reason
this is happening is because I'm filming
a video it's my friend they're putting
it on their channel it's gonna be so
crazy ah yo look at these buildings
though they're so good I've got engaged
in this city and now I know why because
it's beautiful and yo you excited for
today here we go here we go here we go
here we go but it wants you to pass out
I wouldn't be mad if I passed out just
be vlogging I'd be like it should be
pretty cold I got some breakfast like
this bestest I don't know if I'm gonna
regret getting breakfast there's there's
a high chance of me throwing up I'll get
that food now it's cold it's really cold
should put a jacket on I don't know them
do it with the drive an hour and a half
to be able to take off and apparently
it's in like the middle of nowhere and
it's just like this flat land California
boy
squad and the whip quad and the width
end and the Windham guy running through
the streets our prop so uh is there an
aux cord
guess they don't have that here
you
let's go over some facts while we're on
the way there one of the fastest roller
coasters in the world highest g-force
that it experiences is one point four
G's and I've been on this roller coaster
teeter point in Ohio Top Thrill Dragster
this airplane we're about to experience
6 G's most humans can only handle 5 G's
which means I might pass out
top speed 700 miles per hour I'm
starting to second-guess this decision 1
ala later hey we're here no huh let's
work I'm Jake Joseph challenge me oh wow
this is it huh that is a fighter jet boy
what I don't know I think that what have
I got myself into
oh my god it's freezing put in this red
shirt huh it's so much bigger in person
that's what she said
just the engine yo what I think I'm
gonna be sitting right here got it
what's up man Jake you're the pilot yeah
hi my life is in your hands I love you
please take care of it
my mom's gonna be watching this so you
know just make sure we're safe I number
one push this out right now it's like
taking your bike up I guess this is the
latter name legit Dan trying to get
pictures of me with the plane
Oh yo that's so legit all right thank
you I'm ready for the runway so I can go
up in the air with the easies I'm I feel
yeah the easies are gonna go 700 miles
from all right I'm gonna change into
this spacesuit
ah I got that suit on I'm ready I'm
signing the waiver I'm signing my life
away you are help in oh my gosh it's so
legit it's getting real er I am your
father I think the darkness in my life I
was shaped by it this plane here and go
700 miles per hour in Prague and do
backflips and take the world's fastest
selfie path to pee I really have to be
they don't know where the bathroom and
they just said go pee in the woods
currently looking for a spot to be right
now oh look there's a porta potti I'm
just gonna pee right here actually so
much better
here we go huh that is tight
yes sorry here yeah no more space this
is their speed and this is the altitude
I got a cat 8 by Stan I love you
engine starting oh boy
Jake Bulldogs let's do this never settle
folks metal never settle for average
push the limits of your life
that was really
oh that was intense I made it mom
I definitely feel breakfast in my
stomach for sure not gonna lie about
that one
Milan I'm alive
I made it bro good that was so cool
alright guys so we finished up the
flights easily one of the craziest
things I've never done like we went so
fast it was late bro and I took a selfie
pass 700 miles-per-hour know if that's
ever been done we're still in Prague so
we're gonna explore a little bit later
alright guys we're gonna go back to the
hotel back into the town we have an
hour-and-a-half Drive we're gonna walk
around Prague and see all the dopest
stuff it's one of the coolest cities in
the world let's go Gaga made it back to
the hotel I am exhausted this is my mood
right now I'm so tired and jet-lagged
I'm service time umm yeah can I please
have the whole menu may I please have a
slice of cheesecake and a Caesar salad
and thank you always eat healthy kid
thank you he's a cheesecake yeah yeah
but I got a Caesar salad so it's faux
yes thank you oh hey baby how are you Oh
Stan and I are down on the Prague Street
we're gonna go explore that's lit
the city is like filled with fog right
now oh this is straight out of Batman
have my restaurants everywhere here
thank you so much for the support guys
thank you guys for coming to my
restaurant thank you so much for coming
to my restaurant it's not it's my
restaurant yep thanks see ya have a good
night guys we made it to this square
it's extra lit oh look at that one oh my
gosh that's a castle it's a castle this
is the most famous like thing in Prague
and I love it it's actually a clock and
you can tell the time my second grade
teacher definitely lived in something
like this that was really evil and she
probably just like graded our papers up
there and gave us all s ghosts and let's
get this fire pick all right
selphie so cute yes work it I just had
to exchange like us money for their
currency and I accidentally took out
$600 of stuff and we're only here for
one night like look at so that we can
get more pictures I got an outfit and
I'm going to change into it yeah
sexual breath this is their most popular
dessert it's called a Troodon Nick and
it says it means idiot because the
inside is hollow but the outside is big
like an idiot that's funny
he owes this is actually dope it's like
cinnamon or something it's so good I'm
not God found the smallest street in
Europe how is this a street street for
one person the light for you to walk if
it's red you can't go because you get
stuck in the middle of someone small oh
no Jill this guy's mean he's legit
peeing in the thing aha the statute
would make this a thing they're just
looking at each other peen do you help
do need help well Blair oh ok guys that
is it for today we got really tired of
we're heading back to our hotel room so
thank you so much for watching make sure
you guys like this video and subscribe
to keep up with the daily madness I'm
more experienced if I don't wake people
up good night guys
