I'm freaking out because this just
happened
and the yellow yeah what's up men hi
good morning my name is Jake Paul and I
vlog bro welcome to my life
Los Angeles it is a beautiful morning
and you know we gonna kill today
good morning ELISA was that a word no no
let me get it let me get it move it let
it focus whatever Oh Oh these are
anything there I swear to god you'll see
you'll all see
oh you want to go workout I can't die
doctor said no working out and no
lifting heavy things I have to go work
out leave me alone all right I figure
out what I was talking I have a TD all
right let's go whoo good run so far
there was like some celebrity choozy any
paparazzi I just like ran through the
background yeah paparazzi no no I did it
let's get it oh oh
what's up Tristan okay I'm not freaking
out right now bro are you gonna bro like
dr. Phil all right I'm freaking out
because this just happened and oh no no
no that's been stuck yellow uh yeah
what's up man go to Prague prod yeah the
only thing is you'll have to leave in
like now
well first of all where is the where's
Prague in the Czech Republic we got a
fighter jet it's gonna go into the sky
like you need to leave in like an hour
wait so go to Prague I like actually in
an hour you just like being sarcastic no
you need to go stay at all like what
time um oh my god I need to digest this
so going to Prague for how long would I
be there literally okay Wow yeah
hold on I'm vlogging I'm vlogging this
right now so I'm gonna stop the vlog and
like we do I'm just gonna stew out like
more details because I had like so many
questions but I'm stopping the vlog
yeah so I'm flying to Prague you know
you know yeah where's the suitcase I'm
getting inside no no you have so much to
do I think over five hours we have to
film video still I have to call my mom
and tell her that I love her
I'm freaking out I'm going to Prague to
fly in a fighter jet should have stayed
in Europe we were talking about staying
in Europe but like we're just like no we
have to get back to Los Angeles and like
do not go back to Europe like a day
later 18 hours of travel there 18 hours
back is it am I don't know no answer huh
all right I'll think of it yes calling
my mom hi honey I was literally just
thinking of you I'm going to Prague are
you right now yeah I'm gonna go in like
five hours oh my goodness gracious look
I'm gonna go 700 miles-per-hour in a
fighter jet and almost died oh please
don't almost do that yo what is my life
bro filming skits next thing whoo food
this will probably be the only thing
that I eat before I leave any of the
supplements for energy bro next thing
next thing snap spectacles oh my gosh
I'm so excited to use these I'm trying
to run for the first time ever all right
I'll see you guys later I'm gonna keep
them
I'm about to record you guys and then
I'll show you how it looks so recording
now and it's like it's literally just
like what I'm seeing and like the
hoverboard blah blah pretty cool I'll
show you ready you can like move it like
this to look at that crazy technology
bro AJ could you sing a song for me guys
hey just trying to sing be quiet be
quiet at AJ I quieted them for you you
unplugged it
yo yo get out of here you idiot
oh you're still going he's still going
don't know what him but I'll be alright
my head's under water but I'm breathing
fine you're crazy and I'm out of my mind
cause all of me loves all of you love
your curves and all your edges
I have to film two YouTube videos
because I'm not gonna be able to vlog so
I have to be able to post them up the
espresso shot challenge 8 16 20 don't
try this at home kids I'm gonna be
tweaking on caffeine whoa people have
died from doing like too much expresso
shots right like how many times have
they died like at least a thousand at
least a thousand yeah that's a random at
least a thousand a few moments later I'm
like shake I overdosed I'm Cathy whoa
whoa espresso shot far as the video be
ready so seriously don't try this at
home and try it at home I got I almost
fainted over not be like heart attack
he's a doctor so we were this was a very
safe environment to do this in don't try
to
Pam we need you AJ I'll see you later
get out
she loved you to stay sex listen I are
filming another YouTube video hey is
your phone no why
cuz it's mine hence Yoshi it's hard and
Yoshi it's hard and Yoshi it's hard my
gosh I'm out I'm out I'm out
ahh still haven't packed I have to leave
for the airport in 30 minutes oh my god
this is actually gonna be the longest
flight I've ever taken just keep on
thinking that I'm going on fighter jet
which will encourage me to have fun on
the flight she can't play why not
Jeffrey don't step on that you kill
yourself
Jeffrey Jeffrey that's right every what
are you doing what's up a kid boy these
kids nowadays have a dick Jeffrey what
are you doing leave me alone Brie lips
are so dry I want a new girl not even a
real woman yeah what I will Oh Jeffrey
I'm home
Jeffrey white Oh Jeffrey Jeffrey damn
fool
Jeffrey Oh God Jeff are you gonna throw
your back out for you go Jeffrey Jeffrey
just want to have fun ok did I ever do
to you Jeffrey nephew gonna be so proud
of me I'm gonna post this on Instagram
Jeremy doesn't care if he dies Jeremy 50
years younger than my back Oh Jeffrey
Jeffrey Jeffrey gonna be late gonna be
late gonna be late gonna be late gonna
be late yeah don't Jack it
okay almost packed in like four minutes
changing into something more comfortable
yeah ah boom bada bing got a hot bat by
ELISA I'm out Prague I will see you guys
soon
no I don't want you Turkey team ten team
ten LAX we're out here doing it
yo international departures let's go
alright guys made it through security
Prague here I come be a 13-hour flight I
don't even know what I'm about to do
brats I can't wait to fly in this
fighter jet thank you guys so much for
watching today make sure you guys
subscribe for the fighter jet footage
about to be insane I'm gonna take a
selfie at seven hundred miles per hour
what whenever you blog in public people
just look at you they just look right
into your soul and judge you it's fine
alright guys peace out love you
