damn push on his chest which I says
listen do you know what to do masking my
boo-boos whoa so guys the prank is
getting getting her to kiss me so I
thought of a way to get her to kiss me
it might be hard to pull off and I'm
gonna go convince her right now
hopefully I can get a kiss it's Jake I
need help with the YouTube video are you
free it's like the try not to drown
challenge it'll take like it'll take
like ten minutes what I'm gonna do is
fill like the sink up with water I'm not
pranking you I'm gonna be like in the
thing you're just really standing there
whatever and then I'm like holding my
breath under the water and then I'm
gonna like act like I start choking no
I'm just gonna be choking and then
you're gonna have to like act like
you're like count like pump in my chest
you'll be like basically just like come
down like act like you're giving me
mouth-to-mouth and like make it like
legit and then like we'll like play it
out from there hey what is up people
today I am doing the try not to drown
challenge now I've done a couple of Navy
SEAL training camps so you know
hopefully I can hold my breath for a
while um if not don't laugh at me ELISA
is here in case I die are you will you
save me no she was just so stupid you'll
save me I don't know why I'm doing this
but oh it's leaking but uh we have a
timer here so you get to see and I'm
gonna hold my breath for as long as I
can I'm nervous
ready
three two what's good
it's only like 40 seconds I think you
got more than no you good funny it's not
funny
Bob stop stop
yo Jake are you straight ah no don't
don't play bro don't play if you're good
just wake up don't play is he actually
good Chuck its to check your check check
it is he good oh hey do I do about
tomorrow yeah push on his chest which
always says bye listen do you know what
to do Maxim oppose oppose well Tobin my
god
yo I literally got scared I was pushing
on your spicy food
I was pushing on your dad I'm going back
to bed yo you want to kiss again
sometime or what no if you ever walk or
I'll kiss you I was completely fine -
you're gonna get sick now ah I ain't
even mad though cuz I got a kiss though
oh the whole time everyone the kiss me
you should smash mmm side note I could
have held my breath a lot longer so
don't comment yeah you can only on your
bed before that they get no I've done it
for two minutes before what it's like
the sanli it's not oh it is like the
sand
are you mad at me I'm not mad I just
feel bad because we're gonna get sick
now in a couple days but did you like it
a woman never kisses and tells it's on
YouTube alright guys thank you so much
for watching thank you for kissing me
ELISA who's in your mouth make sure you
guys subscribe for funny videos every
single good P stop breath he's on mom
