oh hey oh hey didn't even see you there
I am back in LA I have a bloody nose you
know the vlog you guys are coming with
me
no matter what this life isn't always
pretty it feels so good to be back home
I'm kind of exhausted kind of jet lag
but I'm ready
the worst part about coming home from
traveling it's unpacking your stuff I
already did that
I'm a beast on Facebook I have a lot of
stuff to catch up on
yeah I really I look I look dumb right
now yo oh yeah it's back to pranking
Alyssa the prank wars are back on the
day I get back it's worn
I'm so sorry for getting that close cut
cut
no one's gonna help you know this is the
creepiest thing ever still have these
mannequins from when I did the world's
greatest mannequin challenge ever look
at they look so real look how good they
are doing a mannequin challenge there's
a real
oh my god see that is creepy bro yes I
just invented a new thing it's called a
nose tampon I nose tampon worked now
it's time to prank Alyssa take this
mannequin put it into her bed I got the
mannequin for arms about the hole
hey you wanna kiss me kiss me kiss me
really hard did you miss me I didn't
miss you either than huh though our
neighbors love us hey Jill how you doing
hey Rebecca your lawn looks great what
up run we gotta play golf again next
week this is my new club hey listen ice
to meet you all right Alyssa I'll see
you later
not again where's his legs I couldn't
carry it oh where do you want to go to
dinner tonight
oh wait I love that
so back in Los Angeles Ala get that
grind son the workout I've been so lazy
sighs when I played soccer in the
streets of Barcelona yeah I'll be right
back ah huh I'm so tired oh my gosh it's
like gym class all over again
water water ha ha ha whoo I'm back baby
good workout feel great feel great stop
dancer worked out today so might as well
just ride this around for the rest of
the day no hover boards are so 12
minutes ago retweet this if all you eat
is peanut butter out of jars a life
update I have an audition tomorrow it's
a really good one I like this one whole
day I get this role my brother moved to
Atlanta like for a month what Who am I
gonna burn mattresses with Lucas the
markers are in Maryland for Thanksgiving
I think that's it for my life Oh yo how
good was that actually though I am the
one the wonderful filming this video
really quickly a react to cringey music
Lisa will have already posted it by the
time you're watching that what if I see
one of my music leads in this
compliation apparently apparently my
face is gonna print out of this low
machine the Brendan where is it
where
well where is it bro oh oh oh it's me
you put it in front of this and a video
plays on it are you stuck this thing
sucks
hi that plays the video on that picture
but it's a mess not even the thing it's
wow that's trippy bro that's trippy
brought us is sick and no one to talk to
so you mean you doctor no it's fine yeah
I'm gonna go to the grocery store later
cause I'm trying to eat healthy again
I am so out of shape right um Jake and I
like food I mean he kicked out breath
she's alive she's alive you do the first
time in three years are you ready to go
to the grocery store oh you're not gonna
change
oh actually though Oh baby I'm back
all of it this is why we could never be
friends Jake is why I can't take you in
public all right let's go Oh Alyssa put
this what are you doing stop stop
let's just stop I'm not doing anything
what do you yes you are goal is to only
get healthy through getting these for my
next bloody nose what are you wearing yo
can we talk about this any one of these
so Alyssa can finally clean herself oh
thank you no dog and cat food yo this is
your eye oh don't hit me
ah you have to fart do it in this aisle
with all like the cleaning products and
like much smells so good in this aisle
Lee Christmas sweater yes it's so cute
hey wait
yo did you put cupcakes in here I don't
know how that kind of movie
we do have some people over for
Thanksgiving Oh lost ELISA allah bolo
bolo go where are you it's so heavy I
can't push it
so we made it out alive yeah yeah yeah
yeah I'm pushing it good job All Right
see y'all let's oddly lock the doors all
right I'm up by
she's in the middle make it a mission of
mine to complete every single grocery
store bag trip in one trip one thing
ever and your pen yeah but I'm also
carrying every single bag right now so
who's laughing I actually hate the
person who invented daylight savings is
five o'clock and it's dark outside hey
we're gonna you know waste an hour of
daylight uh I could see lines for my
audition tomorrow when you want an
audition you have to have like the lines
prepared that you can murder mine is
real rap you seriously gotta want it by
that in your life and you will do good
as I have to catch up on all this stuff
so that is it for today I just spit
everywhere thank you guys for watching
and don't forget to subscribe and come
back daily love you guys peace
