I'm gonna get a Barcelona soccer jersey
wear it and and play play soccer in the
street so in the middle of the road like
right yeah because playing it in the
field is this boring morning are you
guys we are here in Barcelona met these
lovely ladies I'm gonna play soccer in
the middle of the streets they think
it's football but we call it soccer one
two three Barcelona we are conquering
Barcelona
I'm gonna get a Barcelona soccer jersey
wear it and and play play soccer in the
street so in the middle of the road like
right yeah just playing it in the field
this is boring haha oh my gosh there's
cars do you think I can get Paul on the
back so excited right now
soccer shorts right yes success football
football football football football
football I played soccer in second grade
I was pretty good it'll really be a true
testament of my skills what but saying
what I don't get is when I call you
Harry Potter why don't you just call me
Malfoy oh boy he doesn't know what it is
how are you oh we can't be friends we
can't be friends Stan leave me alright
see ya see it see you bro peace out yeah
a little closer look
so we meet fried chicken really great
for athletic performances I'm just a 19
year old kid from Ohio fine
I am about to be the world's best soccer
player here we go
hmm Jake Paul great performance out
there today what do you have to say for
yourself
you know I was super fun out there the
people of Barcelona are amazing I want
to thank my friends my family all that
supporters out there you know I'd do it
for Barcelona great great yeah that's
amazing I see you had a good few passes
through traffic and quite congested
zones how do you feel about that I want
to thank my teammates you know they made
it possible for me to pass out there
they had my back the whole entire time
and you know I what I got tired I just
could rely on them and that was really
the key to our success absolutely had a
few great breakaways and some open space
I saw it was perfect
that's that's the speed and conditioning
that you put in on those practice days
it all pays off in the end so you know
no that's amazing amazing thank you so
much the wealth every time thank you
enjoy it thank you oh my gosh y'all that
was crazy
oh my god I don't know why I did all
that but it was super super fun I'm the
best player in the league a minute I'm
gonna change because it just it's a
little vibrant you know everyone looks
at me and just says messy messy messy
when I walk around so I'm gonna change I
oh yeah so I don't know what we're gonna
do but I have you gotta want it t-shirt
on that a fan gave to me so yes that's
lit a lot but we don't know what we're
gonna do so for now I'll just stare at
you guys
