we're gonna try and get on top of this
building we're gonna try you see this
then we probably got them here we go
outdoor chair yeah that's cool babies
babes family they even try to sleep stop
stop stop
Gabor D ed my Oh today is a great day
every day is a great day every single
day so today basically we're going to
conquer bar saw Lona Stan wake up no
you're not Hey
but like OMG could we talk about the
pictures that stand took yesterday like
OMG he's so good at taking pictures omg
omg
alright we're so out here it's way too
lit I'm in this bathroom we're about
showed up the streets of Barcelona
give me get some food and explore the
city and take the most epic pictures
ever with Stan I love you Stan Stan love
you let's mop the streets burn oh we
made it
we're out here all black fit on
Barcelona say hi hola hey I'm Oh mucho
san last and how do you feel how do you
feel buddy amazing I slept so good this
place is the bomb diggity let's get
breakfast Oh what's up bad we are gone
I didn't even tip any of it hey what is
this then I on a date look in the middle
of Barcelona
we found this are you even tumblr we got
tumblr this is oh this is lit
I'm an American boy on the streets for
oh yeah watch me be the biggest rapper
of 2020 when Kanye runs for president
give me a bubble
come here bubble nah hey don't take my
bubble Oh Bob there's a girl chasing me
she's chasing me mom noted it oh my gosh
balloon
oh no this place is amazing amazing is a
guy whose gold on top of this waterfall
let's go to the top let's go oh my god I
love it oh is that a piece of trash on
the ground and who would litter my bike
over here on the bike ride on a lock so
it should be I took everything we're
gonna try and get on top of this
building we're gonna try you see this
then we probably got up here we go all
right I'm gonna put you guys in my hip
so they can't see that I have a camera
recording the worst case we just get
kicked out yeah hi our friend is on the
top floor where's the elevator so -
which floor do you have to go it's like
15 thank you you're welcome into my
pleasure
we're just looking thank you yes record
as head of finesse honestly are you
shooting here is there like a view yeah
alright thank you
outdoor chair yeah that's cool
oh it looks like the highest building it
is this is the highest building so thank
you for showing us that thank you what
well randomly found that one and
randomly said let's go to the top and
read and they talked our way in they're
doing it to 401 please oh there's so
fire I thanks for having us yeah success
we got to the top of the biggest
building in Barcelona
Vaness tallest building in barcelona
insane how do I look
yeah were cats and yep bang I'm good
kind of you left I'll do more pull-ups
than all of you
right run all right so we want to try
and get on top of that building now take
attacks I'm ready look at this hey we're
out here bring Chang get to the top
yeah it all conquered this or that bye
thank you thank you for having us
bye thank you for having us I'm so many
stairs as a workout but I knew we had to
get up there for the picture is that a
Corolla we're renting scooters let's go
he will die but I will send it again to
americano hey yes not safe at all it's
way too fast
yeah yeah we're gonna get killed Stan
you're gonna run over this dog this is
not safe at all so sick don't try this
at home my wif game is way too strong
right now dan stare hello Stan
right now we are eating dinner right by
the ocean Desmond so awesome we've snuck
into so many places
thanks Stan for the french fries it's
only six o'clock already been a crazy
day Barcelona is like one of my
favourite cities can't wait to edit the
pictures and post them on Instagram like
how about sneaking up into the hotels
are so cool like you can literally do
whatever you want like just like act
like you're one of those people
Barcelona camera mucho hola Senor hola
Senor
Caliente Caliente ah we go
I point back going to chill maybe take a
nap edge no I died slight lay down here
and fell asleep for two hours stand
leave me alone bro I don't feel good
anymore
goodnight
