the car is here guys Chad's outside we
need to get a way to distract him my
bigger concern is what if he doesn't
like it
morning Jake today we prank Jake back
yet again you thought you weren't gonna
get me a car
you better be Jake poopy pants so Jake
just got done working out and Chad and I
are gonna make him a little bit of a
mixed drink if you know what I'm saying
sorry Jay I've got enough lacks the bit
for you to stay in the bathroom for two
weeks Jake this one's for the Internet
turning the chance oh man he's
definitely not gonna buy me a car now
maybe you're giving it no no no
if you're JT no way
what is your mom's first name Tim he's
got the right shoes on too buddy
it's the exactly how they do you stop
stop we got to think this over
stop it stop stop this is really insane
I mean take you to the park
I don't know about the club
thank you
what did you guys see Jake you took yeah
no this no no Jake we messed up
long story short planning you definitely
just don't move Dumbo's fine house on
the plant there's a hard for you to talk
very talk yeah okay don't I Drive your
Lamborghini I think when Jake turns back
to normal I'm really fired this time
guys welcome to the team sent out
Oh
I think I put my pain that's my job
there's already a little bit of an age
difference before Oh Derek is still real
you only gotta wait 15 years dam
collapse be careful I'm okay I don't
really know if this is like the best
idea
what what Jake how'd you do that how did
you do I thought you said he didn't know
I couldn't talk and I do on the cheek
hello guys shake fellas I'm back and I
know I already enjoyed the vlog through
China's body but I couldn't explain
everything that's happening and going
down today and oh boy oh boy do we have
something for you guys but before we get
into all that if you guys didn't see
yesterday's vlog I jumped a car off of a
Ledge my neck is still broken roll the
clip
we took the dopest IG pictures with a
lion-like go real-life lying bro I ain't
even lying bro roll the clip
if you guys want to see that Instagram
picture if I'm answering right now ajik
DoubleTap that I'm gonna be liking some
of your pictures back that it's you know
Instagram pictures are this morning
Titus and I did a little cute little
matching photo shoot thing with hashtag
models
so cute also yesterday we had like a
giant mechanical wave surfboard thing it
got lit
your boy wrote is that long watch out
for the rolls-royce
hey hey Parker what's up guys he just
pulled up and no race but yo put your
vlog belts on because you just came
along for this journey welcome to the
most lit YouTube channel on YouTube fact
and as you guys can currently tell it is
raining which never ever happens it's a
miracle
however guys I need to be kind of quiet
right now Chad like won't stop talking
about it like literally it's all he has
been talking about is me eyeing him a
new car because over the past couple of
days I told him I would buy him a new
car if he jumped his car and he did so
after Chad jumped his car on the
destruction kept on getting worse and
worse and worse and worse has no idea
that I actually bought him a new car and
it's coming in like an hour it's not
just any car guys
it is chad dream car yesterday uncle
kate and i went to go see if it was the
right one
roll the clip
flashback guys it's a couple days back
right now and we are about to pull up to
the spot where maybe Chad's new car is
the thing is guys is that we have to get
Chad a car that screams Chad Chad Chad I
mean you guys know Chad I brought
reinforcements uncle Kade here what's up
hey he's gonna help me make the decision
on whether we should get this car or not
as y'all know I told Chad I would get
him a new car if he jumped his car off
of the rent and as you just saw he did
it oh my god you had one of these back
in your day he drove her and her friends
around in one of them Cadillac Coupe
DeVille Chad would love this you all we
have to get it I love it
yo so cool it's so comfy bro that we
west coast it honey
no it is the one it is literally like
one of the six cars that I've ever drove
in drove in driven driven yep still cute
though and not only that I'm also
getting West Coast Customs after I give
it to chance to like customize the
however does you know me if you haven't
already joined the strongest merch team
on YouTube copy yourself a new backpack
new year new me new backpack band Rico
facts that y'all already know go to the
link in the description right now enjoy
the team however inside of this backpack
it's a mini car so right now we're gonna
put this in the driveway blindfold Chad
tell him I got a new car
well hug him out there and he's gonna
see this and well watch ya
what do you get where you gets here am I
gonna get hurt I'll leave you something
no no how much I get how many games am I
gonna play with this it's gonna be a
snake or something or like I'm gonna get
big I told you if you jump your car all
right here comes the first there goes
the first there notice there so the
second stair
if you jump your car what did I tell you
don't you you said you'd give me a car
cellphone I am i a man of my word check
I don't know me and your new car
I mean this one is gonna be like if it
was a shock you know sucks for a second
for a second I was like wait Chad yeah
what does he got you something dope what
if he really did yeah I said it's got
monster truck wheels with you at least
keep the band down one hour later the
car is here guys Chad's outside we need
to get a way to distract him my bigger
concern is what if he doesn't like it
Chad's walking in okay I'm gonna put you
on distraction duties
this thing is absolutely insane and it
also got him this certificate West Coast
Customs and grants him one free car
pimping we had a giant red bow the last
time I did this was with Logan and it
was fake don't cry I'm sweating from my
eyes nervous I'm gonna tell him that
there's something in the garage
Oh bro it's the move and I got you one
free certificate doing it tip-top let's
go you guys won't freak our pimple is
coming if this isn't where I'm gonna be
really upset it's just my card nice is
your whose car is this seriously it's
yours
no it's not whose card is missing throw
yours challenge have you not seen one of
these pimped out no as a sake do I need
to do I need to pitch you on this car do
you not like it
honest I just feel like I need a
reliable car is it reliable Chad it's a
Cadillac Coupe DeVille
this car fit six people bro like a couch
that's what I'm saying it drives like a
dream like a dream whatever you want
gold rims everything this is feeling so
good guys I think the exhaust just blew
out does the radio work now you're not
blocking the free pimp coupon bro what
do you buy someone something you
shouldn't have to pitch them on
the only reason why I'm not hyped and
I'm not crying I'm not super excited is
because after my car was going to get
totaled I told myself I wanted to get so
I've never had like a newer car than
like 2005 so I was like I'm gonna get
like a decent car I'm gonna put it down
payment out of card I'm gonna do it you
don't still do it you could have two
cars no this thing is baller bro it even
sounds dope would you be mad if this was
a prank
stop is this a prank J cuz I really need
a car maybe not why couldn't you wait
Laura not Chad yeah it's your car bro
yeah it is
help yourself some of the hottest merch
in the game pens when I go back last Jay
Paul my favorite sweatshirt is the
status red shirt we are almost sold out
guys congratulations Chad he actually is
like in love with it this is really my
car yes
chase your YouTube dreams today go to Ed
fluence comm sign up for my course and
I'm gonna teach you guys how to become a
youtuber how to become social media
famous and I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's every day well peace
holder's it isn't all new season of
March guys this super fans window
backslash kpop get it what you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
