people how are you
YouTube my family my lovers I love you
guys uh and girls I love you guys and
girls uh I made it to Portugal I'm here
in my hotel room right now
this place is awesome it's so beautiful
here there's fans waiting for me at the
airport love you guys thank you so much
for coming today I'm going to do a try
not to laugh challenge I'm in a laughing
mode so it's gonna be hard not to have
by the way I've been vlogging for the
past couple of days we're gonna combine
them all into one vlog and post it
tomorrow so you guys will get to catch
up on everything but yeah I'm here at
the Web Summit I'm have to go on stage
today and speak so I'm really excited
and yeah I have a video pulled up here
trying and I'm gonna try not to laugh
I'm gonna laugh right now so I can get
all my laptop ha ha ha ha oh oh all
right
here we go I always do that I I was yeah
right
Oh what is the internet come all right
Oh
I'm dead I'm dead
Oh
yo y'all anything but run I can't I
can't do it I can't do it with the
internet no he died I don't know if I'm
too sick or about let me look I'm good
I'm good
oh why do you please
you gotta bake or nah no 11 what
somebody off for been killed
please how complicated issue
hey leave these aren't funny you got
those are funny I didn't laugh at those
ones at the end there in fact they made
me sad now I'm sad they turn into them
to try not to cry challenge is really
good you just get it just get alright
guys that was not funny that was funny
ah yeah hope that was funny huh
superbunny uh broke the table broke the
table how are ya ha ha I'm good how are
you
that was the present try not to laugh
challenge guys I laughed a lot I'm not
good at it I almost died over here on
the ground over there in that general
area so yeah if you want to call me
sometime feel free to uh but yeah that
was that's it make sure you get
subscribed vlog coming tomorrow posting
every day no matter single what no
matter single what I don't know why I
added single on their phone because I'm
single I'm good
