okay guys I'm so sorry
we're not edit this video just wanted to
update you on what is going on so
obviously you've heard the news about
the hard drive breaking we lost all our
videos so it's making it so hard to film
and edit while we're on the road and
like upload because the Wi-Fi is
terrible like I haven't even eaten yet
today I just ordered food we're flying
to Portugal right now take a nine-hour
flight landing at 6 a.m. I got the food
she's yelling at me life's crazy right
now this is perfect this is almost this
isn't even scripted I should pay her but
I love you guys so sorry that we haven't
posted it's not going to happen again
literally the hard drive like breaking
has messed us up we're getting some guy
to fix it I fly it to Barcelona for us
and yeah I guess you could just maybe
you want to watch my snapchat I don't
know I've been snapchat it had Jake balm
an idea or something I don't know I'm so
sorry guys one more thing to add in
basically blogging that's like whole
entire like three days of madness and
have been blogging it and we're gonna
like combine them all into one day and
post it for you guys so you won't get
the mist you won't like miss out what
I've done in the past two days but it's
just going to be a little bit later it's
gonna all kind of be combined into one
because it was just so like busy and
kind of boring that like it wasn't even
worth it very okay putting into a blog
bro so yeah and then we'll throw it
we'll put up a post for you guys
tomorrow
as well love you
