Wow does that come down it comes down to
the dab yes I can still win it guess of
the dab I go up Jake from the lead will
go down Carson holy Lord high we go
Alabama over who remembers the show to
'days that show was filmed in this city
it's 7 a.m. 5 hours of sleep feeling
great feeling like an athlete I am so
ready for today this is the first time
in like a year that I've woken up next
to trees you know it's just a good
feeling it's just a really good feeling
my arms are still going off you guys
ready yeah I'm so ready
he's time all right is it is way too
early you got my job
Oh John oh what's up bro how are you
doing well I know everything is fake now
cuz cuz our relationship was just formed
on on camera completely fake it's 7:00
a.m. and network we're already in a
competitive mode awake since 5:00 and I
drink a Red Bull so oh oh
dump the we're loading up here driving
down the streets probably gonna look
ridiculous we have big targets in the
back basically we're doing like a
trickshot relay challenge race thingy
majiggy here in a second they've got
this basketball hoop we're gonna have to
like hit basketballs into this target do
more challenges I have no idea what's
gonna happen wait who might die
This Is It this is a hamster ball blow
oh man it just got real yeah you guys
got it you got it
yeah I'm gonna go vlog over here that's
how you get out of work guys did you
just blog your way out of that bro
works every time yeah it looks like it's
gonna fall kind of
should I turn really sharp yeah yeah we
have to test it we're about the Whippet
see how much you care about the trip
with all that up in the backseat oh
we're going to get donuts richer flavor
of choice every single time I'm supposed
to be on a 21-day challenge where I like
eat healthy okay but I just happen today
it's not it cancels out on vacation
because like when you get really healthy
you gotta know it's really just an
excuse if you're on the 21-day challenge
donut eat donuts I don't know what to do
you know not happy about this decision
but I had to do it I had to do it I got
more than everyone oh yeah you guys are
weak donut eating is one of my
specialties do I have to have my face
I'm good
I'm gonna coma yeah uh yeah you got it
you got it
it's gonna vlog I just can't help you
it's like the Alyssa duct-tape video
yeah helping first trick shot oh I don't
know just yet
I've dunked on snapchat before but I'm
feeling light today I'm feeling frisky
have someone Alabama where they breed
athletes ah too easy first lady giant
hand
I've never been in one of these this is
amazing I missed it
yeah oh just picking on him there's a
hey there's a human in there please
don't hurt him I'm going in first arched
Jake amazing it's everything I thought
it would be and more all right guys I'll
be right back a minute Ann I'm so la
Jake yo we're starting bro are you doing
how's that I'm snapping all right so
we're about to run you through this
challenge and all the things that we're
doing it gets pretty complicated so make
sure you pay close attention Johnny run
around through here darts are off with a
half-court shot hey run over here PB&J
maybe it we have to eat a PB&J is that
over here you care to be on a frisbee
plate okay so second thing is eating a
peanut butter and jelly sandwich as fast
as you possibly can off of a frisbee
plate and you will grab that frisbee
throw it through the hula hoop it'll be
covered in wrapping paper Wow got a
punch so then from there you're gonna
run over and do the classic water bottle
flip roll even the optional dab
afterward with the optional dab what's
the optional Danu if you hit the dab and
there's a 50% chance they'll take 10
seconds off your score but a 50% chance
they'll add ten-second oh my gosh the
dab is a risk at all time you're
sometimes rewarded take the risk and do
it what what do I do
at the bottle you'll hit the bottle flip
Oh with the optional Dan roll into the
hamster ball boom hop in and sprint and
knock over the water bottle you just
learned got it so you have to come over
here basically just go full speed at it
go second to last thing pick up a
basketball if you know
watch your miss you only watch the Miss
through this vlog can right there oh so
then last station you run over and run
back over here grab a tennis ball dipped
in chalk and you're throwing it at the
giant dark so as you if I hit a hundred
a hundred seconds comes off my time it's
almost an instant it's alright so we're
about to start I'm going third this is
about the intents about to be out of
breath about to puke I'm about to do a
lot of things here we go so aren't you
nervous yeah all right at the start oh
oh this ravine is NaN Joe where am I
going
twenty-seven seventy eight three nine no
oh wow does that come down it comes down
to the dab
yes oh I can still win it cuz of the dam
I got real oh go up Jake's in the lead
will go down Carson holy Lord hotta we
go hello
money that's it yeah damn damn damn damn
yep oh let's go at Steph Curry this goes
in vines coming back it's a sign also I
love you mom oh my gosh we just finished
we're done honey so okay guys so got
back and I'm just super upset our hard
drive broke we lost four youtube videos
we lost four YouTube videos which means
we haven't even posted yet today we
tried everything
I hope is a Boston it's done it's done
this filming this film on right now I'll
just film run right now yeah yeah I'll
just film a video right now and pull
this post it right now okay okay okay
that works right you guys are mad at me
no I'm at me right okay so this is this
is the best we got I'm more bits we're
doing it we're doing it good I'm gonna
fight it's fine that's why okay okay all
right all right guys so we're uploading
the other video now um I'm super tired
haven't slept
ah and yeah I feel like today was super
lit already so I'm going to sign off
make sure you guys subscribe cuz it's
light turned a painting of it
we Jahlil slide
