okay guys so you're watching this like
you're gonna be literally watching this
like an hour from now because we're
posting it today I hope you're not mad
at me for being late but I'll explain
why I'm late so we literally have this
hard drive with all of our videos on it
for YouTube probably not smart to do
that we learned our lesson today but all
of the videos are gone yesterday's vlog
gone three other videos gone everything
guys like it's so sad and we're here in
the middle of Alabama like which you
would have understood that if we could
have posted yesterday's vlog but and I'm
just really upset
I'm also even more upset because not
only is it just like a vlog in a video
that's gone but it's literally the video
where I got to do my hi I'm Jake Paul
and you're watching Disney Channel and
we have it all on camera and all of the
footage is gone like that's like a
memory that I could have had forever Oh
mom fixed fix it mom fix it no no for
that I know for that weakness you know
why because when I do something I
conquer it today was awesome I'm
vlogging today you'll see it tomorrow
today it has been great I'm about back
this video is about to be awesome
it's nothing it's nothing baby we got
this how do I look do I look distraught
not destroy not just draw nothing bad
happen today today's a great day okay
positive attitude what's up guys what's
up YouTube how are you you look
beautiful you look great I mean if
you're a guy you look you look handsome
you look handsome um so today I'm going
to talk about my girlfriend now I know
what you're probably
thinking and it's wrong I'm not talking
about how I have a girlfriend now I'm
talking about what I want my girlfriend
to be in the future or like what I
really look for in a girl I've been
single for like three years now my last
girlfriend you know we got along really
well but it was long distance and it
just didn't end up working past three
years my life have been like so crazy I
feel like I haven't even had time to
have a girlfriend hey guys if you're
watching this I know you can probably
relate to some of the things that I'm
going to talk about my girlfriend I
would love for my girlfriend first of
all to just be like weird and outgoing
so that we can have like the weirdest
conversations and like I'm a weird guy
sorry and um we do live in stairs
oh no you guys are good you sure yeah
I'm just talking about my girlfriend
okay
I don't yeah oh yeah okay um yeah that's
my friend Carson uh that's why we're in
Alabama it all makes sense in tomorrow's
vlog basically yeah just someone that I
can talk to and be weird with and just
like laughs that's the most important
thing I think in relationship is just
being able to laugh together and like
joke around and also someone like who's
super super laid back
life is hard life has a lot of stresses
and problems and drama like you have
that being able to be laid-back and like
just not worry and sweat the small
things which I feel like a lot of
relationships like have that problem
they're like oh you talk dude it's are
flirted with this who did that oh my god
drama
oh my god yeah which I hate that so much
also like I want my girlfriend to be
like a ride-or-die I feel like in
today's society people are so quick to
like abandon and like you know go on to
the next thing if something's not
working and I think it's important to
have like a ride-or-die person someone
who has your back at the lowest moments
and at the highest moments and I haven't
experienced that a lot in my life
with a lot of people so that'd be
awesome if they were like that I would
like my girlfriend to really support me
in all of my adventures I'm always busy
like I'm my life's crazy I'm all over
the place 99% of the time and I would
definitely need someone who was like
super supportive of that and was like
able to understand
like my work and how dedicated I am to
becoming successful and a huge actor and
a businessman and all of these goals
that I have someone who's able to like
support that and just make me better at
those things versus like dragging me
down from those things and being like oh
like pay attention to me I'm your
girlfriend blah blah blah
because at the end of the day I'm still
really young and I have the rest of my
life ahead of me so like unless we're
getting married which is probably
unlikely until you're like 25 or older
then you know you got to focus on
yourself first
I believe that's what that's what I
believe at least I think also like as a
guy it's super important to be the same
way for with girls and let them do the
thing and let them like go conquer the
world I love a girl who's like super
driven and motivated and like can even
motivate me because of how motivated she
is like that super super attractive more
than like anything really addressing the
elephant in the room um no Alyssa and I
are not dating everyone asked me that
every single day we're literally best
friends we've known each other for like
so long now and we grew up in Ohio
together obviously she's like really
good-looking and is an awesome girl and
like you guys think like I'm
good-looking and you guys think we
should date and whatnot um and like we
flirt yeah we flirt I mean it happens
okay I mean you would too I think she's
awesome
um it's just not like that it's just not
like that Brown you know
jalisa it isn't real
it's it's just something we joke around
about it a lot and like we're so
comfortable with each other like we live
in the same house but Alyssa if you're
watching this I still love you I love
you a lot even though we yell at each
other all the time because I prank you
and you prank me but yeah it's okay it's
okay so yeah oh yeah oh you guys always
ask would you date a fan um you know
I think yeah I mean if the if the
circumstances are right you know like I
mean I'm a fan of Rihanna and I would
date Rihanna and I would hope that
Rihanna would be able to date me so like
yeah a date a fan there's nothing wrong
with being a fan
I think fan I think that like people met
like put fan is like this negative thing
it just means you like someone so like
if I were like you back then yeah why
not oh oh oh this is a good one I think
my girlfriend should motivated it with
fitness I think it's super important it
makes you think better it makes you look
better it makes you feel better and so I
think all of those things are super
important and I'm not saying like they
have to work out all of the time because
it's hard to work out a lot and like
keep it in your routine but like at
least someone who's athletic and and has
this driven to like work out and take
care of themselves because you know if I
do date a girl maybe one day we will get
married and you know maybe 40 years
later you were 70 years old and you want
that person to be in good health so that
is something I think about I think it's
like super attractive when a girl works
out man I'm not like I mean yeah it is
attractive to look at them but then
those are the things um and I think that
every guy should treat girls with
respect and be like the mirror image of
all of those things that I just said and
you know support them and and guys
should work out and guys should be weird
and creative and laid-back and and not
stress about the small things that girls
like mess up on or if if something bad
happens and I think that every guy
should just treat a girl like it was
their mom take care of them buy them
flowers kisses on the forehead cuddle
them massage them to sleep make them
soup when they're sick text them in the
morning to say yo what's that beautiful
I hope you have a great
I think they should also every guy
should like also defend their girlfriend
like to the death like a ride-or-die if
there's like a situation where you know
someone's endangered like that guy
should step up and be a man and be a bad
arse and and do it he has to do to
protect his girlfriend and not let other
guys pick on his girlfriend too
that's it for today's video guys I'm
still so upset about the videos I'm
going to try and get them back somehow
we're gonna take it to like a
technologically technological terms yeah
nailed that nailed that one okay I can't
talk so I'm gonna go gonna go here we go
yeah sorry guys again make sure you
subscribe and there'll be a vlog
tomorrow we do we did crazy trick shots
all day and we recorded it look look I'm
recording you record me right now so um
yeah make sure you watch tomorrow's vlog
for you guys it's today
well yeah this is weird it's law
exception really right now um it's lit
crazy basketball shots and I'm sorry
again about being late for today's video
love you guys mwah
