down are you done get me down are you
done get me down
ah she's done yes good morning to you
and you oh that's a great day what's up
bloggers do vlog bro I'm here right now
I'm in your screen I'm coming out of
your iPhone I'm coming out of your
computer here I come I'm gonna crawl out
started off with a bang
gonna hit that run gonna hit that run
this is my pose to show you my workout
outfit if you have it checked out
yesterday's vlog already we found the
killer clown that broke into our house
and we did a scavenger hunt
really super late this is probably going
to be like one of the busiest two weeks
of my life coming up here let's get that
running rough yeah we out here getting
it start the day off right
I let's bro back to it cuz I'm sitting
in the mirror singing in the shower
decided to switch up the locations you
know it's great right this is my shower
yeah
okay so um I decided to wear red and
also it's a Cleveland shirt because no
fake fans I still love you Cleveland
even though you lost but I'm gonna try
and ship the giveaway stuff I don't know
how to ship things so I've been trying
to figure out how to do it for the past
like two days which is the problem with
school because they don't teach you
actual functioning skills like taxes how
to talk to girls or guys how to ship
things how to make donuts functional
skills people they don't teach you them
school what are you doing breath come on
they try and figure out how to ship
these things and then ship them I hate
my hair it's like Aloha does whatever it
wants that's like the little
now I do what I want now I do what I
want I think that's a little is he
let's go ships and stuff that sounded
like something else okay so if you've
been with the vlog since I'm trying to
vlog bro twins these days guys so if
you've been with us since like day five
or something you saw that
I threw Alyssa in the pool if you
haven't seen it I'll put the video here
or whatever but I throw this in the pool
and these were the pants she was wearing
so we took them outside to dry and it's
been like two and a half weeks and
they're literally still sitting here we
got to do a daily countdown for how long
it takes Alyssa to grab her sweatpants
like like come on bro so yeah if anyone
wants those pants they're right there I
mean you can got it it's fine all right
so we are going to buy more Yeezys to
ship out to Matthew and Connor and ship
out the iPhones but yeah we're thinking
of ideas that we can do to prank Alyssa
cause like I said as soon as someone
pranks me it gives me the right away to
just go all out with the pranks like
literally I'm gonna spend money to prank
her what if we challenged her to lift a
bag of flour above her head and when she
lifts it lifted it we came up and we cut
the back it just emptied out all over
her
oh yeah flour and syrup saran wrap the
toilet
we're gonna think of something we got
this
hey no Justin Justin no we have to give
him Oh God
Justin ha he really makes life hard he
really makes life oh cool okay guys so I
caught Tristan and I made him come to
the post office with me
so we could ship this thing I that
really sounds like something else we'll
miss you easy as an iPhone but time to
break ELISA ha prank a list of time one
of the ideas we came to the conclusion
that it's best if we convince her to do
this duct tape challenge where we're
gonna both be duct tape to the wall but
really it's just gonna be her getting
duct tape to the wall I'm gonna come
down and then she'll be stuck we'll be
able to like mess with her and we'll
have the whole thing perfectly on camera
so I'm gonna call her right now and see
if she'd be down yo would you be down to
do like the duct-tape wall challenge
with me so you basically stand on a
stool next to the wall and like you
start getting duct tape to the wall with
like really like really like strong duct
tape and then they just pull the stool
out once we're like able to be supported
can you still hear me
yeah so then they just pull the stool
out and then what do they do
like ask that's like a spaz questions
try doing yeah like try food like and
you basically just do like a bunch of
different activities like duct tape to
the world got me bitch trying to catch
in your mouth
yeah like funny stuff like that
you're down all right so we are fully
loaded and ready to prank Alyssa this is
going to be epic
I cannot wait for this she deserves this
she spilled water on my floor which is
clearly tragic and I couldn't even I
couldn't even breathe No okay so
Alyssa's at a meeting but getting set up
got the duct tape stuff to stand on main
camera it's my hair bro she has no idea
what's going alright so we're gonna
change so that the tape doesn't rip our
skin off yeah but that transition change
though but you couldn't do that bet you
couldn't do that actually it's really
easy just put the camera and then you go
into something else and but it yeah so
Alyssa has no idea this is about to be
amazing the duct-tape challenge isn't
real no one's safe no one's safe mainly
Alyssa Alyssa is not safe
what is up you two we are here today
with tristin tails
Lucas dobre Alyssa viola and Marcus
dobre and we are going to be getting
Alyssa and I are going to be getting
taped nothing to this wall right here
for the duct-tape challenge basically
we're gonna be suspended in the air with
duct tape and then
to perform a series of activities all
right let's just get started you guys
ready let's do it oh yeah I love this
tape my leg got my legs
oh oh it's gonna hurt you rip all your
leg hair it's a danger right you about
ready if I took this box out you would
hang my robot Alyssa I don't know who
has a better tape job
let's let the viewers of the vlog decide
yeah oh I think they're gonna be a lot
of comments Jake damn you want to play
games ELISA let's play games bro let's
write yo you guys you guys want to go
get some I'm hungry let's go let's go
get some food
are you done get me down are you dying
get me down
ah she's done who won who won ELISA okay
guys make sure you guys subscribe to
keep up every single day you can press
the subscribe button at the end of the
video
Thank You Alyssa for participating she
probably is never gonna talk to me again
and uh yeah Jake all vlogs love you guys
