don't go yo bitch yo good morning guys I
hope you're having a great day
um smile there we go we started off the
day right I still don't know why we let
a mattress on fire yesterday but we did
and it turned out to be a really fun
bonding moment with my brother you know
just two brothers lighting mattresses on
fire can't get much better than that ah
actually I can think of a lot of things
that would be better than that guys
haven't seen that vlog already it's
crazy
make sure you guys check it out and
today is an interesting Day if we ask
the prank Alyssa because it's been a
little bit so I'm gonna go prank Alyssa
in a second delicately we are doing a
scavenger hunt we're gonna go all around
Los Angeles trying to find different
things so Jake Pavlov's my fam my
brothers my sisters my mom my mom's
probably watching um let's get started
yeah so Alyssa last night try to act
like she was burning one of my Newsies
um clearly I knew that wasn't easy and
it was super unfazed by it so it's time
to get you back hmm you don't want it
you don't want to go down this route
Alyssa if you're watching this video
because I will take things to the next
level I'm talking air bags in your bed
you'll go flying bro I've seen videos of
it look yeah Thank You Alyssa happy you
so right now I'm going to fill up cups
of water to the brim and put them all
around her in her bed so that she can't
move otherwise all the water will spill
let's go
you know I'm a savage bruh I hired two
twins to kind of help me do this prank
it's not paying us not to be you doesn't
get it
Wow
well she still thought she was gonna get
pranked dang it it didn't war that's the
fastest I've ever seen her wake up in my
whole entire life she's getting smarter
which means we have to step our game up
it's not funny
she's mad bro I so mad bro scrape
footage Steve Arwen here we observe a
wild let's go we gotta hide that's why I
thought he might be sighted
whoa look I'm the Amin all of the
winners for the giveaway right now and
they're like freaking out it's so cute
oh wow
yo alright so we're here we're about to
start the scavenger hunt here's what we
have to get we have to get Jesus on a
Starbucks cup picture with a supercar
picture with a baby a tri human picture
find a celebrity find the address 6969
find a police car with lights on get a
girl's number and find a fake pair of
Yeezys how many things that's 9 9 things
9 9 things we only have three hours to
do it
only 3 hours so i'ma start a timer ready
go
I'm coming in hot I'm coming oh stop oh
yeah yeah oh drive-through counts back
up back up back where are we gonna find
someone with fake easy bro
they're everywhere bro it's you shoot
you trying we're doing a scavenger hunt
dog this is my tactic um no but on one
of the cuffs can you write um Jesus
that's my friend's name and then on the
other one can you write Jake
did ya sure we're 15 minutes in and we
haven't found a single thing yet so we
found this address at 69 69 we're
driving there right now Tom in hopes
that we'll find all there's a store
there's a baby in the corner and we're
about to get the Starbucks thing there's
a the cutest baby ever oh yes thank you
Jesus
there's also slide across the hood bro
stick guys dog
we're now driving the 69 69 feel sexual
this corner are you
that's answer we have to find the
numbers though the 130 I don't believe
it I don't believe it is you go
inspector I'm leaving
Marcus look as much as you stay here
No No
two and a half hours two and a half
hours thirty minute we only have to
thing is done right we're not pasting
well guys we don't have time we're all
the time to go around we're jumping the
curb go go go
run the yellow light run the yellow
light savage savage all for the
scavenger our kids don't try this home
I'm a train driver all right okay so
there's two hours left we still have
only done two of the things we need to
hurry up
done now we got to find a supercar we're
in Beverly Hills so there's got to be a
supercar somewhere here yo there's a
Ferrari there's a frog now this Brock is
the fryer let's go we got a Lambo will
double up on that will double up on that
found an even better supercar it's a
Bugatti yo the supercars are easy but
we're the fake Easy's yo you got the
blue one Oh
one hour 45 minutes left
we're knocking them down the hardest
ones are yet to come though like who has
fees ease those fake no they're good
they're good we all kind of fake bear
visas tourists usually happy ZZZ
it's a common trait of a of a la tourist
visa camp where they go oh I see him I
see him go
they're real they're 100% real
now both little head real we're down to
one hour it's it's looking rough but
there's hope oh yeah feces feces what
are those
thirty minutes left still have to get a
girl's number find the address spot a
celebrity we got this it's all coming
down to luck here am i able to have your
number sorry now I'm trying I tried uh I
was just wondering if I could get your
number
hi I have your number I can't have it
please it's for a scavenger hunt so so I
can I can have it hi how are you okay do
you think I could have one of your
numbers a phone number so I get text you
phone number yeah yeah
phone number
please anyone
I'll take anyone's number at this point
guys I'm doing a scavenger hunt
now just wondering if I have anyone's
number I need a good scavenger sure
really
oh ok two one three 9009 - OH
oh my gosh I love you I love you so much
thank you thank you
let's go to the 69 yeah all right how
much time we have 15 minutes
you gotta go no no wait how do we get
down how are you down come on come on
come on
with the scavenge runs are up in eight
minutes and it says it's six minutes
away
so if we get this that means the only
one we wouldn't have gotten is the
celebrity one but Lucas and markets are
celebrities so it counts three minutes
45 seconds right no the only run of the
show oh no I know no no no I gotta go
hit the roof gonna go the thing
it works ah three minutes three minutes
destination is on the right it's all
right yeah two minutes
Jake wait yeah you're pretty famous
you're on Disney Channel right scavenger
hunt was super fun
we have really actually completed it now
I'm going to some event I think it's for
hmm should be pretty fun let's go to the
event okay so was about to go to the
event and Alyssa got me back with my own
prank so I'm cleaning it up right now
and then basically going to destroy her
life now like now now like before it was
just me pranking her but now that she's
fired back and I'm sitting here cleaning
this up she's loaded up but she just
took things to the nose on the next
level like I'm talking about like me
paying money to do the most absurd
things that only money can buy to prank
someone okay now let's go to the event
oh we got my clothes on I switched I
swear I changed yeah pretty cool right
let's go
yo we just made it say what's up we're
out here ELISA
hi it's a dope event let's go
are you gonna have one
is it healthy oh yeah will it fit into
my 21 day challenge diet okay
I'm gonna have one I'm gonna try it
today oh my god what the van please yo
is that Alissa no I'm right here wait
look at this thing look at they're the
same
so we left the event you're not playing
with a Ouija board wanna have you played
with him before no actually yeah in high
school is really so first there was no
than it was yeah
good night see you should never play
with Ouija boards I know that's why
we're playing with it oh my god
you should never ride with a mattress on
top of your truck with your brother on
top of that down the street but we do
that stuff anyways because you know it's
fun go there so the Indians are playing
right now so I've put on my Indians
jerseys jerseys Jersey Jersey singulars
one shirt Jake got the cop got the
Indians lost yeah so anyways the Indians
can get them next year
yo we found out with the converse yo all
right Lucas and Marcus have we had the
whole thing like basically I'm here that
we have we basically have it recorded um
I'm dead I'm about to puke I like sprint
like a half a mile down the street Taco
Bell yo I honestly hate you this is who
the cloner
is if you don't recognize Kade from all
of our videos I'm gonna I'm literally
going to do the most absurd thing to
your things to your house I know exactly
where you live and if you don't think
I'm not getting you you and Alyssa back
you're wrong like I'm spending thousands
of dollars to prank you guys
like you don't understand at least 50
people text me and say are you okay I'm
so sorry about your house getting broken
into you know this is the same thing to
me because I know I make your videos and
I so hope we don't know we're all oh my
gosh oh my god and Lucas markets like
got it recorded so if you want to check
it out their posts they posted on their
channel I'll put the link like here or
in the description or somewhere ah
alright and on that note I'm signing off
bro make sure you guys subscribe fire
videos tomorrow and we lit a mattress on
fire yesterday so if you want to check
that check that bra in a bit like we do
real slide
