morning what is up guys today is the
last day of the giveaway by the time
you're watching this I will already have
picked a winner
um so yeah uh I guess later in the day
in this video actually I will be
announcing the winners so yeah stay
tuned but first we got her now your hair
away alright so I wanted to give you
guys a quick update on my life because
it is crazy right now and I can't even
keep track of it so maybe you guys can
help me keep track of it I don't know a
mall movie how long I'm grooving this
morning I'm grooving but this weekend
I'm doing the one thing for Disney where
I say hey i'm jake paul and you watching
Disney Channel yes oh my gosh it's a
dream come true oh I can't thank you
guys enough for the support right after
that that night I'm flying to Alabama to
do a basketball trickshot video with my
friends legendary shots and we're
basically just gonna go so hard with
like insane trickshot then after that
I'm going to Miami we're in Miami for a
day then I fly to Portugal speak at like
some summit and like meet some cool
people I don't know what's gonna happen
in Portugal is Portugal baby I don't
even know who goes maybe I'll do a
meet-up I don't know
then after that I go to Barcelona what's
up Barcelona and then I fly back to Los
Angeles it's gonna be the vlogs are
gonna be insane ah I can't even
comprehend the amount of insane and
Sandy and saying it it's my life okay
okay so no lie bro when we're traveling
this much bro what I say bro I'm such a
bro when we're traveling this much it's
really hard to edit a vlog we have to
give a little posted video still so
we're shooting videos ahead of time just
in case we are in the middle of
Barcelona and we get attacked by
at the Mafia we can't post a video I
mean hopefully that doesn't happen but
you know you know you never know what's
gonna happen in life then why not kind
of a good J come on all ladies what did
I just say I'm going to UM don't vlog
and drive don't baggage on I'm going to
UM some meat I see both yelling at me
bro this is my life no you shut up I'm
going to a meeting right now then I have
an audition for so many auditions I'm so
Hollywood bro but can I just be normal
yo yo yo she was gonna kill Bravo
cutie the goal of today is really just
to create videos so that when we're on
the road I don't get totally screwed I
will see you guys in 2.3 seconds 1 2
whoo Oh yo finish that meeting I'm about
to be at my audition but I literally
have to pee so bad I'm like I don't
think I've ever had to be this bad I've
drinking so much of this juice yo I
might be my pants I might be my pants
yo okay I'm asking food oh gosh look I
got a little name tag yeah I'm cool okay
better than bathroom
I feel like a new man let's do this
audition I'm not nervous at all I got
this baby ah yo oh it's a red light
yo my brother just called me and he's
like yo I just got rid of my mattress
he's like I got a new mattress let's
light my old mattress on fire yo I'm so
down so I'm about to go pick up my
brother we're gonna go pick up his
mattress a lot of picking up to do in my
pickup truck oh I'm going to light the
mattress on fire and make s'mores Logan
let's do this Logan look at Jake Paul
vlogs
demon blog bro sometimes there's that
your lenses even on I'm not recording I
thought this could be for maybe buck man
but man the hood you got a fun day bro
yo I already told him what we're gonna
fun day I already told him that we're
gonna light a mattress on fire I don't
they're ready they're not ready no one's
ready for this there's great day all
right so we have to put the mattress on
top of here and then drive across
Hollywood and then light a mattress on
fire grass yeah I got scratched up oh
wait yeah
when I hit close oh okay we got this
three two boys yo no way Jes Olivieri
this package is for you bro no way yeah
let's see oh I got bars healthy bars
21-day challenge 21:21 sandwich all
right let's put this mattress on my car
you gotta buy yourself oh wow yo I'm
just kidding I'll help you
all right so we got it on top of the
truck and now we got to strap her down
stir every hour you hacked it bro I was
vlogging for you give me a lot of
brothers do we were
together okay I guess serious yo you're
gonna surf on top of this bro no he
wants it yo you're ready are you ready
bro I'm whippin this let's go conclusion
you're looking Curtis nothing to see
it's fine it's fine
we have it all under control
yo are you gonna hit the top I'm fine
look out the dock nothing to see here
folks yo we're literally on the main
road like this is like one of the
busiest roads in Los Angeles could you
take a nap I'm ready
could I take a nap yeah that's the
question absolutely
she knows kids don't try this at home
don't try this at home please or this I
just said the fire department's right
there I'm out here let me were they
looking at you yeah we made direct eye
contact before they're probably chilled
oh no that's like we are the reason they
have a job this is the funniest thing
just having food
all right so we made it here and uh it's
almost time to light the mattress on
fire like my mixtape bro you got it what
am i doing bro I don't have bro we're
just doing this to there's two kids from
Ohio light mattresses on fire thing this
isn't the first time we've done this
yeah yeah definitely not the first time
just it is the first time we have no
idea what we're with you Oh
so we are just about set up um we have
tons of Mallos tons of chocolate some
some graham crackers the good old days
back when Macklin
I didn't want every single bit alright
let's see what we can do here
oh it's working now yeah that got
dangerous what do we do oh you smell
that
put that Malo though now why did we do
that so chocolate and Malo much more
nice work that a blender judge no yeah
mmm-hmm thumper Pierre s'mores you're
better when they're roasted over a
flaming tempur-pedic mattress
oh yeah leg of a tempurpedic flavor just
adds to it oh yeah well it's herbal
it's surfable oh you know I'm not gonna
drop again yo oh I'm sorry
does it looks like so much fun oh no no
smoke coming up I'm stuck
this is my exit Rob this is my exit No
Oh got it yeah Oh easy staging bro oh
really
yes no way yo
my bro
oh my gosh maybe I'll give the easies
away to myself okay guys I will make
sure to check in every single day about
how my knees are doing this is tragic
literally
Logan and Marc just left me bro they
just left me to clean up this mess
Oh yo yo yo we have to pick the the easy
winners and iphone winners here in a
second keep on watching we're gonna be
having the winners out here in a couple
whoa yes Wow
hi there guys I need your help okay
important to me that's coming up and we
only have a little bit of time is the
people Choice Awards now there's a
category called social media star
favorite social media star I'd really
appreciate it if you would vote for me
it would mean the world to me I haven't
won a ton of awards guys I'm not that
cool yet stop what you're doing go to
this link I love you at the top of my
description and please vote for me for
your favorite social media star guys
this would mean the world to me and
we're about to pick the easy and iPhone
7 winners so uh yeah I'm getting nervous
let's go
you
we have the first winner hmm Jessica
which one would you you'd like Jessica
likes the rose gold Jessica Hernandez at
Jess Hernandez 21 congratulations I'm
gonna DM you right when this video comes
out 12 winner number two
Matthew mower dick Matthew mower it I
choose you
he said he has never had a pair of
Yeezys before bro I got you bad huh
that's what I'm here to do I got it I
got it
Sierra huh now 89
she took a selfie in the mirror and her
phone is just from 2001 so I got your
Sierra and for the winner of the other
pair Easy's Connor my boy Connor at CLS
2002 CLS he's a straight savage bruh my
boy God let's be kind of a round of
applause alright guys that is it for
today if you guys didn't get a product
this time don't worry I'm gonna be doing
a lot more giveaways in the future
so stay tuned for those maybe some TVs
maybe some cars who knows who knows make
sure you guys subscribe to my channel
and I will see you guys tomorrow please
my lens
attorneys team 10 and a billion not like
we do real sly
