good morning Jake Paula
yo I've done some dumb things in my life
this is probably about to be the dumbest
butcher blog belts on I am about to take
this car and drive it off of this ledge
yes baby welcome to the most Lynch and
on YouTube baby turtle a little bit of
sake you guys are the Jake Polar's and
this is the team 10 it's the most fun
house on the planet and y'all just
became a part of today's journey here we
go
Jake do you guys remember if you steal
it you don't have to get laid whatever
you guys do don't do something as dumb
as this
oh crap you were going bright even hold
on
good morning Jake polish dr. Jason yeah
we need some new films we need some new
extra how do I look great however Jake
fellas you got to do it for the vlog
baby the mostly channel on YouTube hey
what's up cuz but allow me to get you
guys caught up to speed because a lot
has already happened today this morning
I woke up and there was a lion a
full-size lion with the mane and
everything in our front yard hashtag
what roll the clip
Oh crikey good Sony jackpot
we're here right now on routine 10
Safari there's a lion in my yard he's
literally looking right now licking his
chops normally on the team 10 Safari or
hunting animals like chats that Denis
this morning a lion shall I try to tame
it today we assigned in the Lion of team
10 YouTube channel on YouTube crikey
I've never seen such a creature
reminds me of Nick Crompton with the
mane and the objective here is to scare
Nick Crompton and the rest of team 10
with a giant lion let's get a closer
look Oh actually I have merch fans where
that call backs less Jake ball the team
den Safari has gone extra thick today
I mean well Masai why you always lying
no but actually guys all jokes aside
like that's one of the craziest things
I've ever seen
however the reason why a lion is here is
because dynamite villain and I came up
with this idea to take the dopest
Instagram picture that has never been
taken cuz so what do you need for the
dopest Instagram picture suits a lion a
mansion and uncle Nathan fat but
actually guys we are about to take like
the dopest Instagram picture I need to
put my studio and ready three two one oh
yo your boy cleans up nice it's how we
do it baby ha you know poke myself in
the eye anywho guys we rather take the
most lit IG picture that there is
however guys before we get started I
want to say don't ever approach a lion
in the wilderness this is a trained
animal it's here with trained
professionals who have great ethics all
the proper precautions are being taken
and our goal here is to get an awesome
picture but not
harm any animals in any way and making
sure we can appreciate how beautiful
this animal is in preserved wildlife at
any cost maybe even raise awareness
about how lions are becoming somewhat
endangered and getting involved in any
way we can to maybe make it so there's
more lions in this world I'm back and
those are about to be the dopest IG
pictures on the platform fact however
guys I think Erica Erica and I are about
to prank Nick Crompton later I think you
hit me in the nose I might start
bleeding Eric and I are gonna play a
little bit of a lion prank on Nick
Crompton later flash-forward
stay tuned for that guy's motovlog bout
sound like I said and welcome to the
team 10th house here at the house today
nice nice man
today at the house we have mrs. Erica
Castel Chad hitman tempo
filmer uncle Nathan hey buddy chance
poopy pants Sutton Anthony hot sister
Trujillo hey Anthony Trujillo your boy
mr. savage Jake Pizzey okay and Nick
England is a city Crumpton hey Nick
crafting that I just jumped a car off of
wall
geez you should be on the movie Mean
Girls except it should just be you and
just call it mean girl Oh
however guys if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog ah first of all you
messing up because we're the strongest
team on you what are you doing the day
before he said he was gonna buy me a car
uh I am anyways yesterday um yo Chad got
a tattoo while sitting in the back of a
truck that was off-roading and I was
driving roll the clip
easily one of the most savage things
I've ever seen yo can we see the final
product
Wow team came alive yeah yeah yesterday
as well some people went lying down the
side of the hill in some giant hamster
balls it was dope dude whoa oh poor guys
after I was done getting whiplash dr.
Jason had to fix my back because it was
broken for sure
oh shit and that's what happens when you
drive your car off place however guys is
bout time yeah okay it's actually bounce
time guys and I'm about to have a $1,000
Team Tennis challenge to see who could
stay on this mechanical surfboard the
longest okay guys this flamer notice
this surfboard like moves like crazy can
we get a demonstration well you know
what they say ladies first
I don't know and if you ain't first
you're last wait what happened when you
were snowboarding just kidding I know it
happened roll the clip I'm sorry roll
the clip
Oh yo oh my gosh oh my god Oh
tancy joining in on this competition and
then why can't I go first
you're up you're up all right start the
timer ready three two one
you know I need to correspond with who's
up who's that off you're not first
you're last barricades going hey
everybody
25 seconds Wow he's literally too good
if I'd be all of your time none of you
get the my smell of thousand dollars in
my future
I'm good Jake can I go I mean yeah you
inspire me I can really use the money
yeah go film it it's my brother oh nice
shoes what are those
Oh he's live he's live Nathan
what whoa whoa whoa I still won get out
No this is what makes Chad happy is what
Chad's really happy
broke it on this means a lot you know
come on love emotional stuff yeah it's
just so yeah I need a gym bro see I just
love to see my friends if you're a
winner and you know that's all the
things that we experienced today is just
the team ten bond one team comes
together in bonds it's just like really
an amazing experience and you know it's
there for me in my life this best shot
in that entire vlog who won I won dude
what do you mean I well we all run we
all want to visit your channel that's
enough guys the ones that didn't cheat
right I have the longest stand up there
was no cheating there was no rule there
was hello darkness my old friend
however guys we are gonna slow down
things just a little bit right now
keep your blog but as you guys saw
Armani and then squad were working on
this team ten gaming room and in a
matter of less than 24 hours like look
at this it's actually coming to fruition
we have a problem people what's the
problem I gathered the smartest people
on team ten hey that's me you guys doing
okay
does anybody
are you good bro what how did you guys a
relationship by the way it's great oh
that's great anyways does anybody know
what's in nine days I think it's a
Tuesday
I don't know you know what it is in nine
days I'm turning 21 what do we do for my
21st birthday he got something yeah yeah
that's gotta be the most a big birthday
actually you know what I'm making it a
first week that means it has to be a
destination if it's a whole week we have
to go somewhere that some old cars jet
skis snowboarding hot zone hot pool good
food we've got a planet behind that yeah
we're here you got yeah and it just got
released on the vlog you guys want to go
to a spin we saw the snowboarding blog
to me like you guys could do that for a
whole week yeah I'm sorry Mike the most
luxurious house in Aspen
ah
I don't know what's there well I'm down
however guys it's time to prank Nick
Crompton with the lion ashmac what is up
future Jake thank you for tossing it
back to me and guys right now we're
about to play the most savage prank on
Nick Crompton oh my gosh he's gonna cry
I feel a little bit bad but I think he
needs this the reason why is because
next logo it's a flippin lion like on
the back of his jacket very well he's
scared it well anyways yes he's scared
of tasers and lions
he still has no idea that this line is
here he's been up in the office all day
we're gonna blindfold them walk them
down take the blindfold off right in
front of the Lions you think it's a good
idea hey great idea and we're gonna be
lying to him lying we're gonna be lying
to them and telling them that there's a
surprise down here the Queen here I need
a blindfold you don't be worried at six
am I gonna be on camera
here we find she'll be fine yep you
think I'm lying to you yeah I'm not
lying to you
you trust Erika yeah okay that you find
okay you're gonna be uh you're gonna be
fine okay
um we're by the service
it's outside Nick
ready for your big surprise in 3 2 1
hi Messiah I got your food I got your
food Messiah
no no niggas you have to face your fears
bro oh no Nick you have to you have to
face your fears Nick Oh
a few moments later are you good wrong
no from Visayas nice do you know I'm
just trying to help you face your fears
listen that won't schedule I what was
that who's a bit hot man I don't usually
go outside during the day and I crossed
my fingers and I said sorry oh that
makes it a lot got yourself some of the
hottest merch in the game new year new
me new merch guys are selling out quick
the Jake ballers have sold out almost
everything fans are not go backslash
take fall you already know and if you
think you have what it takes to be a
vlogger to be a youtuber take my course
right now influence calm and I'm gonna
teach you guys all the tips tricks
secrets and tricks of the trade and the
trade and the tricks of the secrets I
will see y'all tomorrow
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me Tex Jake Paul calm which is
gonna give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatting debs every day bro make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow poof
