huh
supermodel yeah being a supermodel buy
this pool
good morning people today is a great day
the weather not so great but the day
great last night was pretty crazy if I
do say so myself that was said really
fat I'm proud of myself we literally had
to run that place was like actually like
insanely creepy if you haven't seen
yesterday's vlog go check it out we live
got chased out of an abandoned mall I'm
gonna start the day out with a jog
that's a great way to start out a Sunday
later in the day I know I have to go to
a Halloween party so I'm gonna have to
do something to get dressed up I don't
know I don't like dressing up I have to
do the hi I'm Jake Paul and you're
watching Disney Channel I get to do that
in like 6 days but my hair is a
different color and they play those for
like three to four years so honestly I
don't know what I'm gonna do
please if you have any idea of like
should I dye it back is it possible to
dye my hair back I don't know just put
it in the comments please I need your
help my baby I may be already let's run
okay so I have this RC car I've had to
feel like a year my friend ken block
gave it to me
it's his like special edition RC car
it's really really sick but I took it
apart because I'm missing a gear right
here I don't know where it is how it
fell off but I'm trying to whip some RC
cars today apparently goes 60 miles per
hour is waterproof all of this stuff
it's got like huge suspension look at
this like it's just like that's so much
fun I'm gonna go to the store and see if
I can get that part and then we're gonna
whip work baby I'm actually so excited
like RC cars are like low-key every
guy's dream I don't care how old you are
yeah so um I'll give you a little
preview of what its gonna look like oh
who is ready it's gonna be so sick all
right so I go outside and it's like
raining pretty hard I don't know if you
could tell I mean this is pretty hard
for Los Angeles like it literally does
not rain here but good thing the RC car
is waterproof but the camera isn't so go
go go go all right so I just did some
math I think it's math maybe it's
science but I realize it actually is
gonna be more fun to drive the RC car in
the rain because it'll drift better um
yellow light running it
let's go to the store they got the
hook-up yo we found a web son I got that
here ha yo I got the hookups we
apparently got like a faster battery so
it's gonna go even faster now and it's
ready to whip all right let's go home
and fire this bad boy up about to make a
movie out of this RC car action Mission
Impossible thingamajiggy I don't know
what's gonna happen but it's gonna drift
it's gonna do really cool things okay
here we go
so I wasn't doing it right and I grinded
the whole entire gear down another's
metal shavings everywhere why can't I
get the right part for this come on so
easy I think gosh RC people please help
me so I'm actually really upset like
come on it was so much fun we just got
into it we just started whipping it and
I lost the bottom of the remote
controller - you have no idea where it
is oh my gosh all right well I'm gonna
try and find this what's next oh I'm
smashing brah oh it's kind of healthy
kind of not healthy it's not bad though
it's not bad you know I'm sticking to
this challenge as much as possible it's
hard brah
I like food so much I need food and
member that get in my bed uh okay so um
we are here and it's prank Alyssa time
my bad as always every single day so
we're gonna act like this is filled up
with water we're in being like go to
dive in Omar doesn't wanna really enjoy
her reaction actually we're actually
accident let's go
waste on it yeah
in the brain you're really easy to prank
you're really easy to God
yeah you are when I end on my videos
I'll be drinking you too hmm I don't
think you pranked me my whole life I
don't see no one's safe mainly Elissa oh
this is not safe to be honest every
single day back to it
Tawnia daily calls daily dose all right
guys so I haven't been doing daily dose
lot and I think I'm only gonna do it
when there's a lot of relevant stuff in
the news so lately it's been kind of
stale um so I'm just gonna be doing
daily dose so thankfully it's not a
daily dose I don't know what I'm saying
anymore today's daily dose the Indians
are winning the series three two one
I'm from Cleveland baby let's go the
other thing is that Apple came out with
new MacBooks the only thing different
about it is that there's like a touch
screen I don't know if I would buy one
like it's not that different like Steve
Jobs needs to come back honestly and
then the third thing for a daily dose is
Lucas and Marcus have no friends that's
it so in yesterday's vlog you see this
clip foggy ah what is dead rock in the
street okay get in the street come in
getting you I'm putting you in his car
I'm putting in school
we're making a vlog sir
the paparazzi caught us bro think the
paparazzi caught us doing this is about
to come up oh that's hilarious bro no
one's safe anymore
yo no yo what are you what are you
watching oh I just saw bizarre buggers
on so yeah does your favorite show yeah
you know that I'm in this show right you
are yeah yeah I think so I might be on
TV I don't know I swear I'm probably on
this show
bro you're just my fan and you can't
admit it you're my fan and you can't
admit it admit it admit it yes so going
to eat sushi right now then going to the
Just Jared event for Halloween I don't
think it's a party I don't know I think
there's going to be like cool people
there might do some press and I'm going
to get my like face painted on in a
little bit as well I don't know what I'm
going to be yet but that should be dealt
we'll do like a time lapse of it so that
you could see it and yeah that's good
sushi fire food fire fire fire sushi
sushi still healthy still healthy yet
delightfully tasteful so let's get my
face painted oh wow okay so I'm here
with Laura and John and I'm about to get
my face painted half skeleton so fuck
the fucking tent
yo that's so lit yo bro
what do you this isn't a costume it's
true that's not okay I'm not done with
you know what no no bro what do you what
do you do it what do you go
pretty cool pretty cool hang on I like
my I like my art on my face it's fire
let's do some press maybe whoo all right
my homies it's been real
today was a great day if you're watching
this it's a Monday I hope you had a
great day be inspired work out and make
sure you guys subscribe sorry seen
thinning of it yuck
we should kneel slide
