today is super exciting because we get
to go to the Kanye West concert and sit
in the front oh I'm gonna wear my Easy's
there and I'm gonna try and get him to
like touch them like how epic would that
be if Kanye West touched my easy that's
the ultimate win right there so that's
gonna be super fun that is what we have
going on today
every time Nick every time if you
haven't already make sure you guys enter
in to the easy and iPhone giveaway all
you have to do is be subscribed and
retweet this tweet that's all you got to
do oh and you got a why do you want to
go to dinner tonight though no I'll pay
I'll pay I'll pay babe I learned a magic
trick ready
your tool Jake here to the deccan she's
fighting back
well let's fight him back my God my God
did that wake you guys up
that's out when your report is doing two
hours and you haven't even started it
yet we're in a Garfunkel but is it vegan
now
no you leave me alone no no you leave us
alone we are a fad we're vlog family and
you guys just get so rude every day did
you change
ever since your video when you change
bro you changed yourself following bro
ever since ever since um
you
ever since they wrote this article about
you dancing in the grocery stores you've
changed yeah going to the Kanye West
concert later which is when I normally
work out so I have to work out now so
that I can go to the Kanye West concert
later because you can't miss a day of
working out people you can't do it grand
time whoa
side note I just sneezed while peeing
and there was one of the weirdest
experiences I've had in my life
all right you guys are kind of heavy and
then no offense I mean not you guys up
but I mean this camera this I'll be
right back
one hour later that's that crying you
know how it is
honestly I'm so tired from working out
I've been going so hard lately uh I need
concert clothes whoa you just jumped on
top by the only one who after a shower
just stand in front of a thin because
they're really hot who wants
ah don't forget four more days left but
close are our tickets at the concert
very small oh go go we're on the floor
yeah okay so the goal is take off easy
throw it to him
have him catch it he touches it he
throws it back we're vlogging now I
changed again because I thought I'd be I
thought I mean I didn't think I looked
good for the guy newest answer so is
where you're under the Kanye West
concert yeah is it good I mean I have
easy son
I'll get changed - changed change change
this the shoes are fighting you need an
easy shirt you don't like this though
it's fresh keep it Levon don't get
changed okay so I'm not gonna get
changed today so I'm gonna change now
I'm just really confused and disoriented
autobots roll out whoa yeah letting down
at the devil's it so try this oh we're
going to Kanye well I'm gonna start to
make this a thing every time I see a
phone number I'm gonna put it on the
vlog everyone just call that number and
say Andre I want a home
Louis Angeles we Marvin about the
Freestyle you know it's been a while put
some wd-40 on my rhymes cuz i'm rusted
and I'm just it and I'm flexing and I'm
texting yo girl cheap calling my phone
football Oh a 2-1 you can google the
rest cuz my number is Z cuz my fans are
the best I do worth better than the rest
I'm banging on my chest I'm hanging out
the band number one fan
New York Giants cuz I'm a giant why you
so little do it flippin little that's my
movie that's my boobie I'm like scooby
dooby doo what's up with you
who are you I'm the bestest guys rapping
with me I said he's rapping with me he's
driving that Toyota cuz he's napping
with me I got this girl and rapid girl
lets his rapping she knows me from his
aardvark you can call me Dirk but I'm
not a jerk I hit my jerk I eat my jerk
beef jerk 21:21
funny alright yo we just barks let's go
inside this venue
Oh
ah alright guys that is it for tonight I
was super fun and I want to say thanks
to SeatGeek for hooking us up with those
tickets my favorite part about it is
that when you pick the seat you want
it'll give you a view of what that seat
is so I may hook this up with the code
the code is team 10 and when you use
that you get twenty dollars back off of
your suits so they hooked us up with
Connie tickets I love you guys thank you
so much
yo Lucas and Marcus why didn't you guys
dance that much oh it's because it
wasn't an aggression yeah today was
awesome guys thank you so much don't
forget about the giveaway don't forget
to subscribe and don't forget to come
back every single day and don't forget
to wash your behind your ear ten in a
billion
we shall kneel swag
