so we have two iPhones I'm gonna be
giving away two more pairs of Easy's
that are your guys's size good morning
vlog family we still don't have a name
we're out here trying I could barely
sleep last night I was just like worried
and then thinking about like what
happened I'm doing my best to get over
it it's still not funny but you got to
be positive just glad that no one got
hurt and everyone is safe in that no one
was home and had to like you know
encounter whoever that was encounter the
intruder so we're back at it again today
for your day coming up we're doing a
Yeezy and iPhone giveaway so stay tuned
for that I'll give you the details in a
couple of minutes here as you know I got
a go prank Alyssa it's too easy it's too
easy and then I don't know what we have
going on later so let's just live life
baby hi yesterday was leg day so now I'm
walking like a penguin friends don't let
friends skip leg day Toby I'll just let
Coby be copy okay so this one is going
to get intense I'm gonna fly off of the
and land on her bed like John Cena
she wants to play if you want to play
games ELISA you can play games that is a
great way to start your morning if you
haven't tried it before just ah but
taste the bomb your siblings and stuff
it's great to go to the Yeezy store to
grab some shoes then going to the Apple
store to get some iPhones then going to
give you guys all of the details on the
giveaway
who wrote it I'm ready free stuff who
doesn't like free stuff I like free
stuff especially food what's better than
food free food that's right I don't know
what I'm saying let's go let's walk
giveaway time who's ready who's ready
who's ready so we have two iPhones one
matte-black iPhone 7 one rose gold
iPhone 7 32 gigabytes these are both
like $700 each they're unlocked so you
can put whatever chip into them and they
will work boom boom
I'm going to be giving away two more
pairs of Yeezys that are your guys's
size so I just got these to show you
that I have the easy plug and that I
will be sending them to you guys but
when I pick the winner I'm going to ask
you for your size go out and buy them
I'm gonna go buy two more pairs and then
ship them off to you guys with your
sizes number one guys first of all I
just want to say that I'm vlogging every
single day I'm doing this giveaway to
raise awareness and all my vlogs because
I feel like they're super entertaining I
feel like you guys are going to love
them so that's the first thing I want to
say but to enter into the giveaway you
have to subscribe to my channel we'll
put the link to subscribe like right
here um so yet you guys can click on
that and make sure you guys subscribe to
me checking all of this stuff but trust
me is worth it I mean the videos on fire
brow we're out here in Los Angeles doing
crazy stuff every single day so you
don't want to miss it
number two you have to go to my Twitter
we'll put the link to the tweet or right
here as well and retweet this tweet
number three you gotta want it you
really gotta want it like the more you
talk about it the more you spread
awareness about it the better chance I'm
going to be able to see and tweet you
the contest is going to be going for
five days I only want to do five days
because I want there to be a smaller
number of people so you guys have a
better chance of winning so you're
watching this it is Thursday October
27th I'm gonna be picking the winner on
November 1st fire
make sure you check out yesterday's vlog
like some clowns broke into our house
I'm still pissed off about it but it was
actually kind of funny like now that I
think about it and like reminisce on it
um and then tomorrow we're going through
the Kanye West concert actually have
some pretty sick seats so make sure us
keep up with the vlogs and now we will
get back to today's blog yeah when you
want something from the store but you
only want it for a couple days so then
you can return it meetings meetings
meetings right now calls got a practice
for our two auditions today yeah I know
it's crazy I'm blowing up bro meetings
baby whoa okay back from the meetings
but now I have to work on these
auditions look at how many pages of
lines I have to memorize this is a
ridiculous folks this is my life you
want to be an actor ah no you keep you
want to make it big you want to be on
Hollywood come on come on sign the
dotted line what do you want yo this is
so dope I was practicing my audition
lines the doorbell rang and I got sent
this shirt from Cleveland Ohio from the
Luna team shop in Berea they sent it to
me as like a gift that I should be like
supporting the Cleveland Indians because
the Cleveland Indians are in the World
Series so I'm gonna wear this for the
rest of the day ha ha yeah
love it fire baby Cleveland let's go
look Cleveland Cleveland sleep sorry
guys man I'm so Cleveland to catch
so esata macadam creation my vlog camera
alright Jake Jake oh hey whoa don't
follow them at all then don't take my
camera you y'all are cool oh oh this is
such a weird place to do business
Elvis yeah what are you doing Elvis
Elvis why are you doing business on the
side of our house yo alright so I'm
going to my audition again you know you
always got to get a little bit nervous
because that'll keep you on edge it'll
keep you sharp
it'll keep you thinking and hopefully
yeah I hope that don't completely ruin
everything
I'll be right back and then I'm going to
another audition and then we're posting
today's vlog right now and then we're
doing this is my audition this is my
time
this is my role positive thoughts went
well killed the audition they had a dog
I stroked it became best friends with it
and then went in that room and this
murdered those are the steps to a great
audition you know they have a dog that
you can stroke so uh yeah now to another
audition for more auditions right now Oh
six and a half hours late just got done
with those auditions I'm like losing my
voice because I had to say so many lines
not gonna able to talk which might be a
good thing actually
you know oh yeah all right fam that is
it for today make sure you guys enter
the giveaway make sure you subscribe you
retweet the tweet and three you gotta
want it I'm gonna be picking a winner in
five guys be ready guys
Easy's iPhones it split out here make
sure you check out tomorrow's vlog we
got Kanye West concert front-row tickets
baby it was 1310 and a big night we
shall be a slug
