huh
what's up guys so vlogging is fun and
there's the funny moments and there's
the-- you know exciting stuff the crazy
moments that happen in our lives but
also vlogging is about being real like I
want you guys to know me and know my
background know where I came from and I
want to be able to share my experience I
want to be able to share my experiences
with you and help you learn from them
and grow as an individual today is a
really busy day a lot of meetings it's a
Monday so I want to start off today by
telling a story the moral of the story
is that the experiences and the things
that you go through shape who you will
be in the future I was 16 years old and
I was in high school didn't really know
what I wanted to do to make money on the
side I would landscape and clean out
hoarders houses I would literally be
mulching cleaning out like old tissues
and Kleenexes and rugs and blankets with
pee on them and like these houses you
would walk into them and you couldn't
see the ground because they were covered
by a foot of magazines and paper and the
nastiest stuff and just things that
collect over many many years so it was
my job to go in and clean these houses
out on the landscaping side of things I
would be mulching and digging trenches
for drainage holes cutting grass picking
weeds all sorts of things and so I would
do all of this for $10 an hour cash I
would basically work from like 9:00 a.m.
to 9:00 p.m. at night pretty much for
the whole entire summer just making as
much money as I could now when I would
do these jobs I would work super hard
super
ass and grind every single day I didn't
like doing the work I knew it wasn't
what I wanted to do forever but how hard
I had to work to make that money made me
appreciate a lot more things in life
looking back from where I am now makes
me really appreciate that work ethic and
I don't think I would be at where I am
at now without going through those days
so that's kind of that's kind of the
moral here is there are things in life
that you will have to go through that
shape who you are to be able to come
become something better in the future
now I know a lot of you probably are in
high school or in college or maybe even
a little bit older and you don't know
maybe what it is that you want to do or
you feel like you're stuck or you know
you're not happy with your job and
you're only making $10 an hour maybe you
just simply have to persevere three
years ago I would have never been like
hey I'm gonna be living in Los Angeles
and on Disney Channel and have millions
of followers and all of the stuff I
would have never ever guessed that but
those experiences that I went through in
the past shaped me to be able to do
these things
everything in life is not easy you can't
you can't just rise right to the top you
have to start somewhere if you learn
during those hard times and and learn
during and learn while you're at the
bottom that will give you the motivation
to rise to the top now if you don't know
what to do in life don't you cannot
stress about it like if you are putting
100 if you are putting 110% effort into
whatever you do every single day you
will find your path and you have to go
through the lows to experience the highs
while I was you know in these mud holes
digging
and mosquitoes were biting me and I was
cleaning out old stuff and axing stuff
and it was just this this work grind and
sweat and hot and right me every single
day I thought to myself like what did it
what do I want to do that's one like I
really like started to take a grasp on
my life and and I knew that if I could
work this hard doing you know
landscaping in this hard labor if I had
to go to Hollywood and shoot for 24
hours straight in a film like that's
easy if I had to you know make a video
every single day I can do it or without
experiencing that hard labor and daily
grind for very small amounts of money I
was never able to I would have never
been able to rise up the ladder to the
top and I'm not saying I was the
tippy-top but I'm a maverick without
experiencing this lower level of the
ladder I would have never been able to
take the next step and keep on climbing
the rungs so the moral of the story guys
is no matter where you are in life what
you're doing on a day to day basis
defines who you will be in the future
and so I challenge you guys to a
challenge you guys to work hard at
whatever it is you're doing every single
day and put 110% effort into it and take
those small minut details and try to
grow them take learn from working hard
you can learn something all the time in
whatever it is you're doing in life and
that's what I challenge you guys to do
is pull the best moment out of the worst
moments like something bad can happen
but extract the goodness in it and carry
that with you and you will climb the
ladder of success
I think that made sense guys I don't
know I just started ranting it's hard to
put that all into one video and have it
be a message but hopefully you guys
could learn from that and I want to do
more of these vlogs where I can just
talk to you I'm like busy days where my
life might not be as exciting for you
guys to watch alright guys that is it
for today thank you so much for watching
make sure you like this video give it a
thumbs up subscribe new videos every
single day and we're still trying to
come up with a name so leave your
suggestions in the comments below for
what we should call ourselves love you
guys
fuck hands get the 1310 in a bit yaaay
we shall kneel slide
