oh yeah great day the vlogs have been
fire lately
we got awesome day ahead of us thank you
so much for watching every single day
today we are going to do some fun stuff
make some videos with Lucas and Marcus
yeah are you guys back there yeah oh
yeah come on come in the shot come in
the shot oh yeah so we're gonna make
some videos with Lucas and Marcus
they're twins with you guys and what
else we gonna do just hang out make sure
you guys are subscribed to keep up with
all the madness Los Angeles we're out
here we're getting it
grinding every single day inspiring to
be an actor aspiring to be one of the
biggest actors alive mom I'm trying to
mama gosh mom I'm trying to be an actor
I'm done with all these water bottles
and Hannigan's
hey yo welcome to my crib we grilling
we ain't grilling no mama yo why was
there dust coming out of that there's
dust in there look at it
yo that's nasty bro that's us been in
there for as long as I've been in the
womb panda panda panda panda man I could
broaden it alone I'm do you want to go
on a date later till the first girl ever
to say yes to me
where should we go where should we go
where should go where she somewhere
where I can get something besides it
juice oh she's already sick of LA
literally everyone here just drinks
juice it's gross
it's not gross you have to be held of
the sugar no but that's why that's why
they the people here look like the
Angels they look like angels mom oh and
I don't
oh Jesus Abbott the guys have to get up
feminine lights
they're live-streaming we're
live-streaming to it's just a day later
and it's just like my whole life which
isn't as cool but you know we're still
trying bro we're still all here bro no I
mean bro no bro all right so I've
decided to make it a daily thing where I
prank Alyssa every morning like it's too
good she just sleeps like chaos so I
think every morning I'm just gonna try
and mess with their I'm gonna go into a
room and start doing a photo shoot with
her while she's asleep and just be
obnoxious got this camera here okay so I
got a light - because the lighting has
to be fire
yeah yeah work at I love that angle that
is a good angle sailor
stay right there honey oh we got work
done yeah cover this up there you go
oh yeah beautiful beautiful I love it
Oh oh yeah oh yeah this is you are me
this is yours you know every day I'm
doing it every day oh I'm doing it every
day you need to wake up on time Melissa
I'm your mom it's Sunday
Sunday Funday oh so now we're going on a
family date mom aren't you look as a
Marcus's mom - yeah I'm everyone smile
all right so we got the food and they
give us a number the number is assigned
120 121 sevens gotta try nothing catch
these 21 day challenge we got that
yogurt
it's fire not eat healthy gotta want it
honestly it's hearty healthy but imma
imma LA I'm so la bruh
yo why'd you guys almost leave the same
exact amount of food Wayne a problem
actually really funny because sometimes
when I ask them the question they
respond at the same time saying like the
same exact thing I think I won't say
like yeah they'll say like yeah and
they'll say it the same way at the same
time sexual sexual sexual babe babe pay
my back oh all right so we're trying to
figure out how to take this picture
where all three of us are standing up
one on my shoulders and then Lucas would
be on Marcus's shoulder so we're like
scouting out this this wall here to see
if this is the spot to do it rather this
get you here I wouldn't do it there
we're looking that looks like a hug yeah
after I'm done I can hug that all the
tree yeah I did you climb up it
oh we can climb up the ladder hug it
yeah and then and then if you followed
beyond the grass - yeah also like I'm
not gonna fall Kyle just turn out and
grab it and then slide down this might
work we can put the ladder put the
ladder up this I'm here like this
against the tree kids don't try this at
home
Amy mm-hmm I'm getting a little bit
tired
are you good yeah yeah thanks for
helping mom thanks mom
welcome nice work nice work Oh yo 4ig
though you gonna want it for IG though
my man is pulling sprint splinters out
of his hand like I said you gotta want
it
that's the definition applies in
everyday life my mom's a nurse so she
knows exactly how to handle these
situations mm-hmm no here at team ten we
have all types of talent we got nurses
we got dancers we got actors we got
Alisa violet no we have to film all
these videos where they're on my
shoulders like they're heavy
like you guys are heavy this is not easy
my 75 pounds no you don't call me a twin
squatter apparently we're filming a
YouTube video for Lucas and Marcus and
we're doing a skateboard mobile right
now so basically we have a cushion on
top of a skateboard and we have this
rope attached to my truck and Lucas here
is going to get a cool violent rope with
the skateboard
you enjoy like this I'm warming up
before I go for the real thing chill
chill chill oh oh I don't know how stop
it Oh Donny Oh Daisy goes what's up
welcome to daily dose for today we have
a very special product that we're
talking about today it is called Vic
soul now you may have seen these shoes
go viral on the Internet they are super
super sick you can check out some of the
pictures and videos we'll put them up
right here but they just launched their
IndieGoGo campaign to raise money so
that you can actually buy these shoes
now and would you look at that we got
one right here with my name on it I
don't know if you can see that it says
my name but these are super super super
sick you can like take a picture of a
design and upload it into the shoe and
it'll be led so yeah if you want to
check them out check out the IndieGoGo
campaign I'll put a link in the
description these guys are my friends
they're working on such a cool project
so any love you give them would be super
awesome and that is it for a daily dose
let's get back to it really this parking
lot is completely filmed like people are
like trying to like run over each other
to get a parking spot there's this open
spot that has white lines on it doesn't
say no parking it just has white lines
on it like clearly I'm gonna park there
like break the rules break the barriers
of traditional life people okay so we
went to this grocery store to film for
Lucas and Marcus this YouTube video
they're not dancing this time don't
worry about dancing in the grocery store
they never do that though
so yeah never do that
and we decided to cook ourselves a very
healthy dinner and then watch off the
Disney shows I don't know how to cook
toast oh this is coming interest to tell
me chef Paul that is hey what's up
what's my name chef Paul no yeah I
thought you're gonna say Jake but yeah
chef Paul I try one of the samples but I
don't have a handful can you feed me I'm
the chocolate yeah yeah oh yeah thank
you
Melissa Melissa Melissa come back hey is
that Elissa
hey hey Alisa how to get a quick run in
then then going to watch TV two shows of
Disney tonight that's amazing guys we're
making movie while I'm watching TV I'm
gonna make the steaks and noodles that I
bought at the store call me chef Paul
then I got an acting class
we got a practice for that audition this
week workout clothes let's go all right
get you all yes protein muscle milk it's
yes plan a yeah I just drink juice and
do cardio and hot yoga I normally do
weights and go to the gym and stuff like
that but I haven't been able to get
there haven't had enough time so just
been doing a lot of cardio lately
keeping lean trying to eat healthy and
lean out get some rules for the ladies
ah dried it's raining in Los Angeles it
never rains here it's crazy
I'll make it round
what do you want what are you on for
dinner huh yep
I'll cook it for you I've got you homie
get tell me tell me dummy steak in
noodles is all I heard okay second
noodles coming right up
I got you blue cheese steak noodles
ladies I don't play I'm single and ready
to cook for you so I'm gonna be on TV in
a second yo oh snap this is the TV dead
TV Dan co2 shows one night ah it's an
amazing feeling honestly thank you guys
honestly I couldn't do without you what
well I was just I was just trying to
thank them for supporting me know why
you want me to kiss you instead no no no
I'm not gonna do that oh oh now we got
another twit the twins the twins things
that you're doing up on me Oh Lucas
you're Marcus why don't you go dance in
a grocery store huh whatever never bro
tell anyone respect me just print it out
my sides for my acting class I have to
memorize like all of these lines it's
like seven pages Hollywood you are mine
off to acting we go
practice makes perfect baby so just got
here
not every audition that you go on you're
going to get it's about doing this it's
about doing as many as you can that fit
you and and when the all the stars align
you'll get the role just know that you
can't get discouraged when you don't get
the role got done feeling really
confident about this audition a good
session good session good world it has
been so awesome thank you for spending
the day with me tune in tomorrow for
more madness don't forget to subscribe
I'm doing a giveaway soon so yeah be
ready for that and I'm trying to come up
with a name guys I need your help with a
name so if you're still watching this
give your suggestions for like what I
should call you guys as our army like
what should we which which would be
called yeah leave your suggestions below
and I hope you have a great week but you
guys paint in an oven
like we do real swag
