good morning people
today's a great day it's a Friday TGIF
you know you know what that means turn
up turn up we got my mom in the building
again thanks for cleaning the counters
mom somebody is - yes that's right it's
not going to be me because I suck at
cleaning you're like just going back and
forth between my vlog and Logan's I know
busy I have long life she's cheating on
she cheating on us guys
she's cheating on our vlog this is that
I'm Halloween I but on a serious note
guys make sure you check out yesterday's
vlog and don't forget to subscribe to
the vlogs so that you can keep on
watching and getting up it's crazier
every single day every single day wow
that's that's a lot it's day two of the
21-day challenge so you know your boys
about to eat a healthy protein smoothie
I'm sticking to it y'all mmm tastes like
success so Alyssa's living soups in
every morning she goes to bed late but
you know you gotta get up so I have
these like popper thing
lissa wake up what is this I just she's
so bad I have to clean it up now
what yeah okay so my mom just came up to
me and was like hey Jake
you want to go get a vitamin b12 shot
and I was like okay what does that do
she gives you more energy by the WHA
boost your immune system and to know I'm
going to get a shot in my butt we're
down well with y'all hello No so we're
doing this are you scared
kind of is it gonna be like a big needle
don't look
am I gonna die mom what did you get me
into the one is yep it's all good never
remember is that breathing racks your
butt muscles yeah like it's nothing you
got this it's best thing that ever had
see how good Samantha's way already done
yeah come on think it's working right
hey Phil mom Donny
baby clothes daily dose all right guys
uh number one Twitter was crashed on the
East Coast they shut down like Netflix
Spotify as well and so I was like then
like she was like ok let me check out my
Twitter so I got my Twitter and now my
Twitter is crashed right now so
apparently these hackers like hack that
west coast to number two I have a quote
for you guys today it goes like this let
your smile change the world but don't
let the world change your smile now I
love this quote because it's so easy to
get bogged down by life in the world we
live in and the stress but you can't let
it change you you just got to keep on
smiling so smile like literally on your
computer right now just smile and think
about how good life is back to it all
right so I'm here with Tristan and we
decided it would be a good idea to go to
the Los Angeles River and kayak down it
we're gonna regret this it should be so
much worse we're gonna make some videos
so not until later in the day all right
but we start to get loaded up right now
your family's here
damn vlog rocks bro what up what's up
bro my family
yo Louie yeah you actually kept my book
heavy book yeah bro and and dude
everyone did you see what Jake wrote to
me to my brother Logan not even love no
love not happen very often watch looks
and I have it all together
my hair's lying in full of powers you
said you have ten and full I love it
whoa I'm down on it well now the problem
is you can't raft down the river without
a gainesville um yeah I'll take 14
Gainesville I was trying to do like
didn't work out as well picture with you
of course say hi
yeah
no gel no yes
rolled and knocked it down they didn't
even close it they just knocked it down
they just knock the whole bridge down
all right so literally they have to take
that off of Google Maps because there's
no longer a bridge like it doesn't even
exist anymore so we found into a
location we're driving there now nothing
will stop us I will go to jail to kayak
in the Los Angeles River well that it's
gone because it's just gone like
literally connect to yo yes yes yes
this is amazing y'all gonna come down
there yo
why California drought why blessed all
this to us it's taking me sideways
that wasn't a very successful yes i
watch no way yeah bitch you down there
they will help you take your chill you
will not get that back dang grace quick
dang is crazy
well Spencer one yeah we already we
already did it actually don't get caught
yo I see that was so much fun
what do we just do we killed it bro
alright guys going back to the house
alright guys that is it for today Justin
I killed it down the river make sure you
like subscribe
Jeff mom's coming tomorrow and we're
gonna create some videos with him
so I'm pretty excited three teen teen
and a big night we shall kneel slide
