I'm listening that sounds crazy well
I've been wanting to do this since I was
12 years old this is my surprise for you
row huh it's good morning and welcome to
my life
welcome to the most lit YouTube channel
on YouTube yes I'm so sorry button if
you haven't already cuz if you are new
here my name is Jake Paul y'all are the
Jake parlors and this is the team 10th
house however guys if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog we did some donuts
assert Chad jumped his car
also sick we took chance car through the
carwash definitely sick
however today is the day now I know
y'all are probably wondering why is
today that day because this is Jake Papa
dogs and we keep it lit every single day
bro before we get into all of the day
shenanigans I need to introduce you to
the squad in the house today we got
Anthony hot sister true hero chance
poopy pants side
oh boy Jake the savage Paul Nick England
is his city Crumpton Romer uncle nation
bring the party Armani
cool over the Year uncle cane and last
and probably also the least I'm just
kidding town really chad hitman pepper
hey we love you Chad bro they take
pullers I have a little bit of a
surprise for Chad later is it a car is
it now that guard no no big parlors when
you have a best friend that does
everything for you already
you can't accept something like car
sorry I wouldn't be able to accept it I
really wouldn't what do you mean like I
gave you a car you would Nick said I
wouldn't accept it nope unless it was a
Lamborghini perform on thing what are we
doing bro doing I have been on this
weird water bottle flipping crazy y'all
know all about water bottle flip and you
flip a water bottle at land you are a
world record holder I am a world record
holder in water bottle flip I did like
17 or something in one minute which is a
world record I even have a plaque put
I've been itching to do some giant water
bottle flips and there's no better time
than the present
right alright guys so get ready for a
chance surprise later put your volley
belts on and get ready for some this is
called the car 200 about again win
this is the consecutive flip wine wine
cow this is the speaker flip this is the
stall flip
this is called the kick flip flip count
it
this is the giant altitude flip let's
get some height ah this is the Bob flip
this is the hit car giant water bottle
flip it comes in four the throw nailed
it
this is the pool flip no I didn't do
hashtag whoops bro while we're speaking
of flips basically guys Armani and I
came up with a plan there's a little
rendering of what it might look like you
know wake up and get is this just me if
I don't want then I don't eat cuz like
becoming free I'm all the way in NYC is
all about the cheese being - so are we
man I wrote a something this giant
platform fishtank staircases TVs couches
smoked glass logos cuz you gotta always
plug and I think we're going with a car
feed know who you have the Aston Martin
bed Aston Martin bed so first of all why
wouldn't you yeah my dad put 20 under 20
so they said but the point is that we're
going with a car theme and I couldn't be
happier also our mine and I are working
on this team
gaming
check this out guys normally you see
chance and Anthony sitting up here all
day playing video games and we mess with
them however we are turning this into
the team tended gaming room guys to give
you the platforms I was gonna be like
the matrix I never watched the matrix
sorry it's really good though so now so
you're building the party and then
painting them building the party
variables build build a party party
paint bill if you stay late you don't
gotta get lip back anyhoo
I said it was the most fun house in the
world and that's a fact
but you heard Armani's list first we
build them we painted we partied we
partied in behavior to build but we're
in the middle of building and I feel
like it might be a good time to take a
break the party we we should definitely
party right now earlier this morning
Armani brought the party supplies
Ronni what do you got no he's got the
goods right now I got toys buddy y'all
don't know what is about that all about
yo guys these are those giant like zorb
hamster ball it's party time
okay so three things one you can
actually get inside of this thing and
run around like a mousetrap maze thingy
your boys about to do it - we're gonna
go in these giant sore balls and play
around on the inside three take the
influence car put it in the middle and
do donuts in the middle yeah first up
Mouse Mase come on yeah right here it's
pregnant
not another Jake Paul bursts into this
twins two giant sword ball party
okay I shad had an idea car blazer fall
it was a lot of fun baby three two one
3:15
and number four wait yo there's a four
of course it's the most lit you tube
channel on YouTube fact guys I told you
earlier I had a surprise for Chad and
it's a big one y'all know Chad
he loves his tattoos and chad has always
wanted to get a tattoo while off-roading
does that make sense
probably not but then again does
anything Chad do make sense no movies
good night I'm not joking
our boy Luke here and Armani are gonna
be sitting in the back of my truck while
I Drive off-road tattooing Chad and the
man we're looking for
no no shuttle off-roading hat - I'm
listening that sounds crazy bro
I've been wanting to do this since I was
12 years old so is my surprise for you
ro the reason why this is do but it's
because you're not gonna be able to
tattoo them while you're off-roading
like J Luke has 18 years of experience
in my turn they call them freehand Luke
not when you want to take the logo 100%
lately
well this legs already popped up anyway
so why not put it so around here
what do you looking for what do you mean
quad turning that tattoo into an
off-road tattoo in three two
yo bro yo let's go yeah every time you
would go then you know would go in
harder we're gonna wipe it off and show
you the final product yo team ten yo
what do you mean that's a bad tattoo
just when you think I can't get any
worse than this if you steal it you
don't have to get lit baby I told y'all
guys welcome to the most lit YouTube
channel on YouTube space that subscribe
button right now top yourself some of
the hottest march in the game become
social media famous today take my course
at fluence calm and I learn how to do
all of that stuff I signed up and look
at me now he made it mom whose phone is
I don't Chad said to is awesome and I
will see y'all tomorrow because it's
every neighbor old priests
holder's it isn't all new season of
merge guys this stuff is super fans go
backslash tape off get it while you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen guy
I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me Tex Jake Paul calm which is
gonna give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally as that's easy so go to
text Jake Paul calm right now and we're
gonna be chatty Deb's every day bro make
sure you're subscribe to keep up with my
life on the daily basis and if you want
to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
