I don't know what I want to do if I want
to eat or if I want to work out you
can't eat the work out but you could
work out that eat so that's what I won
I've set the whole pizza almost I talked
about working out all right didn't see
you there
just uh looking dapper as ever please
well just getting just kidding good
morning guys
I'm about to go do an interview I had to
dress like really nicely make sure you
guys check out yesterday's vlog if you
haven't already you're not gonna wanna
miss it it's Wednesday you know how I do
busy day as always let's go I'll take
you guys with me
only if you promise not to be loud you
know like
so I'm going on CS NBC News there's
gonna pick my brain about social media
and business and stuff pretty cool how
can you fear bro oh oh okay so I changed
they're all excited in I didn't I'm
still the same person I didn't change
but I put into outfit uh oh I got so I
think Alissa is still sleepy so once
again why not my girl
ah you have to edit your vlog Allah so
you started vlogging why do I think
you're sleeping out alone good question
good question
yeah no idea why I think you should be
right she's up she's up no no
wah-wah wit nanny wha-what do you put on
hold in this music play one of my goals
in life is to be able to give back and
to help others in need and I think
everyone should strive to do this there
are so many people out there that are
less fortunate and and are struggling or
are sick or have family members who are
sick so one thing that is a goldmine is
to be involved with charity and help in
any way that I can you know I reach a
lot of people on a day to day basis and
I can use that for good
basically this charity hit me up and
they're like hey we're doing it an event
in Los Angeles
at like five o'clock this Saturday which
is October 22nd charity is called
starlight they're a bit really big
charity and they help terminally ill
kids so throwing this event this
Saturday 5 p.m. in Los Angeles it's
called dream Halloween and they invited
me and team 10 to come out and be there
meet some of the terminally ill kids and
invite our fans so I'm inviting you guys
to you know come meet us hang out with
us you know give back to charity
all of the proceeds for this event go to
terminally ill kids it's at the Park
Plaza in Los Angeles from 5:00 p.m. to
8:00 p.m. I will put the link to the
site with all the details right at the
top of the description so that you guys
could check it out I think Lucas and
Marcus are going to be there this is
going to be there Alex I think might be
there so yeah come out do some good hang
out with team ten and I and it will be
super super fun all right back to the
action going to a meeting
but it's okay all right so just got to
my medium pot it's at this place called
the Soho House like private restaurant
in Los Angeles we're like a ton of
celebrities and businesspeople go to
like have meetings so there's always
like famous people out there catch-22 is
that you're not allowed to record in
there for like privacy reasons I can't
even like take pictures or you're not
even like supposed to talk on your phone
in there then I'm gonna see what I can
do for you guys okay so in the back
but I can't know out there but look at
this for you
yo this place is sick
now back to the team ten headquarters
how are we looking for today we never
just were not a thumbnail oh we gotta
get proper quickly home now oh yeah yeah
yeah my t-shirts good yeah yeah Johnny
oh baby goes oh you're on yeah dude it
told you they're welcome to daily dose
today we have a couple things for you
number one chance the rapper got invited
to the White House it was great he stole
a turkey he looked really cute there he
made it mom number two apparently Apple
is releasing new MacBooks later in this
week so that could be fire number three
I still don't have friends back to it
add on daily dose guys this Justin mmm
just put out a song or something it's
like women who have been get is towards
me whoa whoa whoa come on come on come
on it's like eight minutes long they
just going in no no go home all of you
I'm about to go to some event thing I
don't know what it is yeah I'm going
should be fun
so I don't know anyone here so I'm gonna
just standing here and I'm vlogging so
now everyone's looking at me but the
music's great
and now just extra awkward just ask me
that part don't know what I want to do
if I want to eat or if I want to work
out just can't eat the work out but you
could work out then eat so that's what I
was going on I've ate the whole pizza
almost I thought about working out
it's my off day technically so alright
guys I'm super tired it's been a long
day
this is the top of my head and I'm going
to go to sleep now
make sure you guys watch tomorrow's vlog
subscribe for it
stay tuned every single day 19:10 in a
billion
we shall kneel slide
