yeah good morning Los Angeles we're out
here back at it it is a Tuesday today
it's gonna be a great day a lot of
meetings going on going to the gym later
because you gotta want it catching up on
some email a lot of points up but we're
gonna try and make it exciting for you
today if you guys haven't seen
yesterday's vlog it is crazy I met
Russell Simmons and Odell Beckham jr.
like within the two-hour span awesome
guys let's kill it today we got that
boggle peanut butter it's a daily thing
for Champions eat three hours later
join courts okay so I've been doing
phone calls all day and I got Chipotle
on post mates and I'm so excited for it
to come hi good how are you thank you
you have a good day too sir
no you're a model you can't eat that
even if you weren't a model I wouldn't
let you eat it you know because no no
stop the weird I was just trying to get
this out I was just trying to get that
side are we doing that I spoke a
challenge later yeah um
excited oh yeah you're actually you're
not
I feel like you're gonna quit no I'm not
a quitter right so the goal is Alyssa is
going to get in a bucket or a tub of ice
oh my friends here
Daniel Bailey goes what is that welcome
to daily dose today Meek Mill deleted
his Instagram why I don't know
Drake announced the Boy Meets World Tour
which is different than a summer 16 tour
so he's adding like more stops going
international pretty cool I love you
Drake
so Nike surprised released the band Nike
Air Jordan 1 satin Edition they're only
making five hundred and one pairs and
they're already going for five thousand
dollars on eBay crazy right back to it
alright guys so there's not a lot going
on today
unfortunately I've just been like
swamped with meetings and calls and text
messages because I just got back from
New York tried to catch up on everything
that is going on so I'm just going to do
a segment 10 things you didn't know
about me or maybe some of you knew some
of the things but for the most part
things that you guys might not know
about me my favorite colors black goes
with everything it's fire number two I
used to be a really big wrestler um I
would like train all the time and like
wrestle and it was like my favorite
thing to do and I was super competitive
at it number three I'm from Cleveland
Ohio which is kind of like it's a big
city but I lived in the suburbs and
there wasn't like a ton to do there um
it was kind of like small town vibes
high school football was the biggest
thing and that's about it for my
favorite food is Italian like I die for
Italian food like if my future wife can
cook Italian food like that's goals
she just whipped that stuff up for me
every night number five business is my
favorite thing and that's where I see
like my future being like multiple years
down the line like acting and doing
business is like what I want to do
number six
adrenaline sports make me so happy like
I feel like when I'm snowboarding or jet
skiing
our off-roading like my mind is just
clear and I don't have to think about
anything else in the world number seven
my favorite animal is a dog I love
German shepherds I want one so bad that
I just don't have any time to like take
care of it
ah I don't know what I want to do I want
to get one soon at number eight
my truck is like my temporary girlfriend
it has its own Instagram page if you
want to follow it it's at Jakes Tacoma
it has its own personality it's a live
beam um so yeah it's my BAE ah
number nine my current celebrity crush
is Chloe grace Moretz Chloe if you're
watching this call me though
oh no don't call me text me it's
actually paid I hate hey call number ten
I a donut know what to say no just
kidding
number ten I wrote an executive producer
movie with my brother called airplane
mode which is coming out soon and it is
the most fire movie I'm not in it
unfortunately I was like on set shooting
Disney but yet it's a flames movie so
stay tuned for that and now I think
we're going to do an ice bath challenge
so Alyssa is gonna jump in a tub of ice
and she's gonna have to answer questions
that are super hard
in order to get out of the ice so yeah
sorry guys today's kind of been boring
but the busy days happen it's life you
know not every day am I in New York City
doing crazy stuff but yeah love you guys
Alyssa are you ready for this no so
somehow these kids too
talked me into doing oh wow that's cold
um ice bath challenge feel like you're
not I feel like she's not even gonna
like last what is up team ten youtube
today we have a very funny guy got hey
yo yo Jake Jake we got here we go I'll
be ready for snowboarding vlogs as soon
as it starts snowing in California we're
gonna be shredding Super Sunday shred
sessions Super Sunday shred sessions
Super Sunday shred sessions Super Sunday
shred sessions say that fast yeah I know
I think we're gonna go work out now cuz
you gotta want it nine o'clock doing it
big time to get a workout in ha ha let's
do it guys before I workout I walked
into my room and Alyssa is like in my
bathtub doing it a question answer for
her vlog you're such a loser
all right ah can't take you guys with me
on the jog because you guys cameras way
too heavy um but I'll be right back you
gotta want it let's go
haha
ah-hoo I want it yes
goodra fitness is the first step to
greatness
if you feel depressed if you're not
happy if you don't know what to do in
life
workout I'll clear your mind true no way
yo are you still in there
why do you have ramen noodle it was
funny you need help you know I just did
a whole workout
oh right team Paul you've been good to
me today was awesome kind of it was
really mostly boring but I'm going to
sleep early I have to wake up in the
morning have a business interview gonna
wear this suit I'm gonna look snazzy so
uh yeah make sure you watch tomorrow so
subscribe and you get a notification and
be able to watch and check our
yesterday's vlog team balls in tanana
behind us
feels like
