there's no time to stick in New York sir
yes sir
Monday remember guys stay motivated on
Monday you're gonna be watching this on
Tuesday but attitude is everything be
positive about the week kill it I
believe in you guys today is going to be
crazy have like four press things
back-to-back but I Keane vogue paper
magazine who say Amazon crazy stuff it
still can't believe yesterday it went by
so fast
first there was Russell Simmons dinner
talking about business and the social
media industry and then hanging out with
Odell Beckham after I bought his jersey
earlier in the day like that wasn't
planned at all like last crazy guys
let's go I'm glad you're keeping up
High's disclaimer we've been traveling
and vlogging like in the first week so
it's been really hard to like get in
that habit of it and we're like doing so
much stuff so editing while traveling
and posting is just like a really long
process so we're sorry for like the
later posting times but when we're back
in LA they're gonna be coming in hot but
first let me eat Chipotle Chee boom let
me drop some knowledge on you really
fast you are what you say you are if you
say like oh I'm depressed or
happy then you're not going to be happy
yet Sam happy I'm the best I'm the
happiest funniest I'm everything baby oh
my god japp all a is closed what New
York I got fooled baby you got coffee
sitting is fast day we're already late
and yeah but you know hey
have you ever done anybody's makeup
before never never no I don't even know
what half this makeup stuff is opening
night is a trooper you know so are you
because you have so much going on like
so first of all you have your book yes
coming out Teen Vogue was so awesome
Thank You Teen Vogue love you guys and
now we are going to Emma's on style live
Hey oh yeah you should almost forgot cuz
this is something special
his muscles are like busting out of the
pink baby hey you're a good shade thank
you yeah are you going to who say last
interview for today then have another
meeting then meetings
that's a new word by the way it's called
ah we're out here grinding baby toes
welcome to daily tips today we have a
couple of things I think today we have
two things today we have one thing today
we have a couple of things number one so
Amy Schumer got on stage and started
like dissing the Trump which whatever
side you're on it it doesn't matter but
the fact of the matter is like she was
just in a fan like you're her own fan
like you can't do that Amy he can't do
that this next thing Leonardo DiCaprio
wants to make a Captain Planet movie I
think he's just gone too far with the
with the green stuff with aq do you but
it's a little much so are you coming out
along strong it's just how I feel just
chip
ah there's no time to sleep in New York
sir you got it uber
Oh me yeah yeah you got me in the book
yeah you're supposed to update the
people like when you segue from shots
you like explain why you're in a
different location than you were before
oh it's kind of like a thing so I can
narrating it yeah yeah like you're
you're the face of it so you like talk
about it I could do it if you want I
think no it's your blog okay yeah so we
just finished our meetings and
interviews and stuff like that and now
we're going to pick up our luggage and
then going to the airport and then going
to Los Angeles we land at midnight we
saw them posted yesterday's vlog guys
we're super sorry like we just don't
have like any time to edit
we're going to have to have you turn off
the camera for me please
Oh fine home
ah sample
and that last one in right yep the best
for last
that's why I'm the last one oh you're
fine Jake Jake we anymore wait you have
to now you have to now just don't blog
every day
I mean just don't post them all
oh right people back in Los Angeles that
was a fun trip New York
I conquered you boy but yeah back to the
grind now Los Angeles we're here we're
doing it make sure you keep up watch
yesterday's vlog watch tomorrow's vlog
subscribe tanana be like we shall kneel
slide
