I'll run there and back you read that
sign right there but yeah it's smaller
this sunny New Jersey with the drive
there right now we've probably got in
like eight hours of sleep total in the
past two days now we arrived right now
you
look at all these people I love spinning
doors I lost many doors I'm going again
I'm going again New York you're kind of
dope but you're kind of you kind of too
much it's like it's like the girl who
tries too hard as a guy who tries to art
it's like you know there's just too much
like it's nice up until one point and
then it's just like snap it up I am
their Dean Blais bro yo guys
Eminem is here them these I was gonna
say Eminem the rapper but it wasn't no I
found Times Square Time Square just
kidding this is Times Square all right
funny oh my gosh opinion Bay hey Bay
Johnny baby toes
what is up guys and welcome to daily
dose we have a special effects lighting
crew in the house tonight so we got an
extra special show of daily dose the
first thing is there is a new app called
water bottle flip challenge - what is
our world come to but super fun actually
you like flip the water bottle I am the
one you guys can check that oh and by
the way guys people always say like oh
you guys are getting paid to promote
this stuff know where we do this because
we want to talk to you guys about cool
stuff and have you guys know about the
cool stuff in the world so that's what
daily dose is second thing and last
thing for the day because there's
nothing really going on Ronda Rousey is
coming back to the UFC Ronda if you ever
watch my videos I will fight you and put
it on video I actually used to do MMA I
know you probably what me but hey it
still be a good video so Ronda if you're
out there let's fight Panama gravy or
also I find $150,000 for when him and
Nate Diaz were throwing the water
bottles at each other I mean come on why
you got to find these kids they're just
entertainers throwing water bottles at
each other it's great prices great
entertainment and that is it for daily
dog sorry I didn't mean to hit you do
you blog do you even vlogs we've locked
like it's not a joke guy oh this is
almost out of battery like like I said
it's not a joke like what if they're in
the hotel room like we have to go where
are you 15 minutes late
like for real it's not a joke because we
have to go to the we'll be on time -
this book sign like you can't make the
fans wait but also you can make a vlog
because so you'll be able to tell in the
last clip that the camera died you also
can't make the vlog wait so you can't
make the fans wait and you can't make
the vlog wait
ought to be a book signing number two
it's number three
ought to be a book signing number three
yeah
all right bros we want to go to Times
Square at night to see it all live out
all right so we're bored we're gonna
play what are the odds
all right gain what are the odds you
walk up to this girl over here and ask
her to marry you ready 1 2 3 3 Oh what
are the odds that you you run through
Times Square in your underwear write it
down
wait I really not mind anything up
number all right hi ready 1 2 3 1 no no
no actually I'll have to do it right
Rose what are the odds
get hot no no there's so many people
I'll run there and back you read that
sign right there
but yeah it's smaller
you've got to go for it there's no other
way around it cuz I see you got a lot
ah
oh no gel I feel like a savage feel like
I accomplished but really I didn't you
know we're for our pity is at dinner
let's go
alright sauce turmeric saucers that has
been an awesome day I don't know why I
just called you that tomorrow good day
New York askgaryvee show
another book signing it's gonna be lit I
will see you tomorrow make sure you
watch yesterday's vlog - lets get the
tourney team ten and a billion
we shall kneel slide
