so come here often
that an era would be the few races on
Thursday with you yeah baby I'm right
here good night morning it is 12:01 and
you guys watched yesterday's vlog you
will know why I'm starting the vlog
right now make sure you guys watch
yesterday's vlog to have some context of
what we're doing here we're going to the
airport at 4:00 a.m. oh it's about to be
a crazy day a long day
book signing later in like 15 hours
technically so the grind is super real
stay tuned
we're like falling asleep so we gotta
listen to music
oh cool up like a crab walk crab walk
that's it
outfits which finishing yesterday's vlog
which still feels like today I don't
even know what it isn't it's poor I am
hard driver is here
we got everything but your Mennella epic
Smurf your life
you know Jake is so dedicated to the
shot I'm not here to blog I'm here to
vlog baby what they saved the best bag
for the best people they saved the last
bag for the best movie I still don't
think that's it but yeah yeah baby
clothes what's up and welcome to daily
dose we are inside of a car right now so
first thing hurricane Matthew right big
flood geez why does everyone call me
during daily don't ever call me again
anyways hurricane Matthews right so this
guy stuck in a house some other guy like
next door is droning other houses
someone on the Internet is watching this
guy drone realize realizes this is his
brother's house tweets this guy tells
this guy that his brother stuck and like
doesn't have service and needs help so
this guy like saves the other guy all
from droning this like flood and Twitter
like what number two so there's this new
social media app called rich kids where
you have to pay a thousand dollars a
month to like post on it I'm so yeah I
just joined you can follow me at J I'm
just kidding I didn't joined that but I
mean it seems kind of interesting there
was definitely gonna be some rich kids
on there the third thing I think a lot
of you probably seen this with the
hands-free selfie so I'm gonna take one
right now and then put it into the
already
oh that's fire that's it for daily dose
guys booze and there you are two keys in
there for you looking happy long
let me now Panera is my life cinnamon
toast crunch bagel toasted with
blueberry cream cheese and a mac and
cheese bread bowl you need help setting
it up or are you okay you're good it's
like a date with that with the camera
this is her eyes right so come here
often
that Panera would be the beautiful stay
with you yeah baby I'm right here oh you
heard me sing man going to book signing
right now I got my Disney shirt on
we got this shirt at the at the book
signing so we were looking at really go
well this is kind of cool like filthy ah
right filthy a-- i'm not girly getting
and then we put the context together
fill adele via
philadelphia how good is that snack run
i'm guessing that there's not even gonna
be anything open officially never been
this cold been to used to live in Ohio
yeah but we're we're really running out
of room so we need a car snickerdoodle
muffins 100 percent eating health is
really important
know what else I hate I hate hypocrites
now none of this is our the great party
besides of water well it depends how you
look at it you know because it might not
be good for your body but if it's good
for your soul then it's kind of good for
you and you Healthy Kids
so we're here in this hotel room with
nothing to do so you know old school
gotta jump on the bed yeah dummy dummy
boys like this up all right guys that is
all for today make sure you subscribe
there's a lot more fun stuff coming we
are going to New Jersey tomorrow and
then in New York City and also make sure
you check out yesterday's vlog it's lit
we stayed up like all night I mean I
think that was this morning kinda I
don't know is it just leave me alone
Tina double yoi
we do meals like
