yeah I set myself down
hey they got good no chill no chill yo
I'm good
good morning I can't even comprehend
what's happening today my book came out
this is so crazy is because three years
ago I was literally in the middle of
Ohio just like sitting on my couch
wrestling getting bad grade not really
knowing what I was gonna do I don't even
know how to describe what I'm doing
today but I never could have imagined
that in a million years so I want to say
thank you first of all wow it's such a
such a good feeling it's like one of my
goals
so I have a book coming out and it's
happening today I also have a lot of
medians today gonna get a haircut gonna
go to the gym gosh I have a boring life
you guys thought it would be more fun to
know it's work there's only one way to
start this day off right
oh and if I got something good
what is it guys me I thought I love you
getting packages it's like Christmas
anything good anything good send me
anything good we are on the rise
isn't that right sir whatever you said
that's true it's really true tell the
kids you know tell the kids something
that they should know you know what's
the most important question you will
ever ask yourself is what do I want if
you don't know what you want in life you
will not get it therefore you must
answer that question clearly it's never
right chimes all right certainly that
was great because your vibes that's why
that's why I wanted you to speak to the
camera do baby goes yeah you're wrong
welcome to daily dose today we're gonna
talk about three things one Samsung
Galaxy 7s are being recalled 2.5 million
of them because they're overheating and
combusting crazy right what are you
doing sense like Wendy do what do you do
number two Drake steam it made a
statement that he injured his ankle so
he's not doing the rest of the summer
sixteen tour number three
Casey nice that's vlog today talked
about clickbait I thought it was an
accurate way to describe it and why it's
good but why it's also kind of bad
definitely won't use clickbait in
today's vlog like I shaved my head or
anything like that
hold on I'm getting a call yeah don't
ever call me again I agree with Casey
and most of his points I think a lot of
people use click bait to draw viewers
into their channel because they want
them to watch their content because they
believe they have good content so it's
good and bad hit it right on the head
good job Casey and that's it for daily
dose bap bap bap bap
hello on a bike going to deliver some of
my books to some cool
people George what are you doing here
Jake George that's on the book buddy
thanks dude I don't even read it I want
to read it
hold on foot that is okay why didn't you
tell me good what are you going 1600
will you go to Six know for sure you
guys will just go together
so running my hair cut I'm gonna shave
my head like honestly I'm tired of my
hair all of it yeah like over like a
razor like a like not all but like still
kind of stylish but like like I'm just
gonna shade it I don't know do you like
you just you just like dyed your hair
I'm just a time machine I don't know bro
like what about busy and stuff I'm just
gonna shave it bro like you sometimes
just gonna live dude no you shouldn't
Brown you shouldn't shave it I'm gonna
shave my head are you serious yeah I'm
serious
you shouldn't do it bro all right all
right I'm going to flip my phone
greenside is shave my head
back side is shorter on the sides trap a
spoken--
that cut though it was good though that
say so
hola como sauce
wait wait wait hold on let me do this
math we're on again you blog so I mean
uh I'm in a vlog myself giving the book
to her and then which is gonna what she
will be vlogging blog ception my friends
Amanda I got this book for you you yeah
hey my in it you are look do you
remember actually doing it yeah member
the club got so long ago it was really
long no it's bits I slaved for this look
I even like pointed up where right there
in the bottom oh you did Amanda Cerny
five things I know about Jake that you
don't cool awesome yeah signed it in
everything everybody get this book and
the five things I know about Jake that
you don't yeah it's pretty odd oh ho J
yeah
8:30 I'm going to the gym and then going
home gonna get some work done
then going to pack then staying up all
night and then going to Pennsylvania at
4:30 a.m. Jimmy Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim
Jill I set my stuff down hey they got
good no chill no chill yo you want to
see what happened you can go to the team
10 YouTube channel no I'm literally
gonna destroy your life no no okay Wow
I showered Alyssa if you're watching
this I'm
really going to pull the worst print
ever on you watch I'm time to back
and just made the decision just stop
vlogging right now and start tomorrow's
vlog also right now because it is I
don't know if you can see this 12:01 and
we're about to be up like for four more
hours right now so we just might as well
just put it into the new vlog so make
sure you guys watch tomorrow's vlog to
see what happens next throughout the
rest of the night we're gonna go to the
airport like flowers thank you guys so
much for watching if you like and
subscribe and unite 30 teen teen and a
bit young guys
we shall kneel slide
