huh I whip up this moment everything is
going to be good book signing later
Sunday I opened my mail and I find out
that I got summoned to jury duty I don't
know if you guys know what jury duty is
you have to go sit in a court for like
two weeks and decide whether the bad guy
is innocent or guilty it's literally the
most boring and time-consuming thing in
the world and you have to go my date to
go November eighth through November 21st
if this was any normal day or week you
know that might be fine I might be able
to go to it and figure it out I'm going
to Portugal I'm gonna be in Portugal and
they want me to come to this big bad a
bad I have to get out of it ask it
so Niels and I are about to go to a
photo shoot so I'm about to put
something cooler on you no time to
change whoa all right now we're going to
get a picture in the middle of the
street where we jump hopefully we don't
get ran over
every one of the quitter do it in the
street I like taking an Instagram
picture dude ah ah like don't you know
who kneels history yeah this is Sergio
say hi he's from Spain tell you
something to the ladies in Spanish I
mean hey we're whipping to Beverly Hills
to get some shots with our cars real
image is blocking the street it's all
for the picture baby oh yes sorry sorry
so we're out doing the photo shoot yeah
I saw this car so I'm gonna try and
steal it thumbnail the owners looking at
me right now not gonna look over at them
but they're just like sketch because I
have a camera and I'm like right next to
his really expensive car
yeah I'll fit change yeah photos yeah we
got coffee just to take a picture with
it and we sat at this table and it's
like a coffee shop and it's really indie
yeah so really cool we don't actually
even like coffee yeah this place
yeah we actually hate LA I mean yeah
moving the taupe yeah
actually not like coffee Tawnia baby
goes April bah-bah daily no apparently
Drake in Rihanna or breaking up wow that
just started and it just ended but they
were such a power couple I'm actually
you're super sad about this barely
Rihanna was cheating with Travis Scott
gosh everyone just needs to calm down
what about loyalty folks in other news
this app called ship is amazing guys
I've been using it for a really long
time it basically makes it so that you
don't have to go to like the post office
and someone will just like come and pick
up your stuff and ship it for you it's
only available in like kind of big
cities but check it's really useful
because I don't even know how to ship
stuff so and it's filled as the why but
it's cool number three we talked about
the song star boy it's simply amazing
it's like definitely eat a chicken
the weekend is changing the game in
music back to it my book signings in 40
minutes we're gonna start going over
there I'm gonna change my shirt because
it's really hot let's sign some books
alright Sergio I'll see you bro and uh
Barcelona is waiting for you in November
I'll see you all right I'll do it
let's go so we're almost at the book
signing and I'm getting kinda nervous
I'm gonna be meeting people what if no
one comes
what's up guys Jake saw and the mixer
other jiggle I mean rhetoric they do
that bonus first day to Los Angeles
wicked on film check in check in the
toilet so let's get
hey thank you guys so much for coming
and getting me these gifts I'm going to
open them later and yeah it was fun
New York Pennsylvania and New Jersey
were coming for you in that rat Kade yo
that was so much fun and they let me
keep this wait wait for it wait for it
wait still wait keep on waiting there we
go Oh keep on waiting it's almost there
oh yeah let me keep it that's sick love
meeting you guys what's up guys I'm here
with tristin tails nothing on a tryst
and he's a professional statuette hours
aren't you Tristan oh yeah I draw
sometimes about a year um yeah so we
just actually posted a 6:00 nap chat
story on my account at Jake wall 19 on
snapchat and on his account
at Tristan tails so if you want to see
it we'll put a little a little bit of it
as a preview but then you should go to
our snapchat to check it out and we're
going to do a lot of stuff together in
that commented in the coming uh you know
we're in two years or five or 17 years
so yes exactly
Sunday night grind session has come to a
close
just kidding I never stop grinding
alright guys thank you so much for
watching today make sure you like and
subscribe and keep up every single day I
will see you guys in the morning today
was an awesome day Sunday let's go 13:10
in a bit like
weasel eels like
