Oh could it possibly be I have some
theories on this guys listen up say good
morning good morning I've already
already had a whole morning I'm trying
to take it now Joan anything you look at
a sexy bra check it oh yeah man it is me
hey yeah without looking sexy to you Oh
we'll look at this fashion cuz we got
the Gucci stinks I say Jake the fakes
good morning Jake so here cuz welcomed
up and you ready for today's adventure
you just became a part of the most lit
YouTube channel guys you don't believe
me that it's the most lit YouTube
channel yes we're gonna be in the most
lit YouTube channel I was talking
yesterday I was like y'all my video from
yesterday get six point seven million
views I'm smashing my Lamborghini when
when I'm smashing my Lamborghini
windshield I feel like this would be
like definitely a good smashing tool
kind of just came from the bottom of
that leg but like definitely would have
some power we have a lot going on today
it is a busy day just like every day is
guys it never stops the grind never ends
I want to make sure you guys are smiling
today I want to make sure your today you
know just do my blog just do my blog
here I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's and we block every single day
cuz
welcome to the cast others luck good
morning guys I love go shut up
I changed the ship name it's hashtag
earth now guys with this outfit on
you're gonna need to watch out for the
fashion man
a great day hey YouTube guys are we here
time hey squad and uh the reason we
gotta talk guys is because the Jake
callers right here I found a Jake caller
we're literally the strongest team on
YouTube slap that subscribe button give
this a little bit uh-oh give it a little
bit of it give it a little bit of a
one-two punch tip but actually we do at
the tar guys I think we have a couple of
suspects for the people that actually
broke into our house the other day
dressed as clowns I'm sure you guys saw
the video if not this is what happened
no no no we might dive into that
yo Logan is taking a break from YouTube
yo can you believe that bro no that's
what I'm saying and now it's like I
don't even have competition it's like
whoo I'm like who do I compete against
Nathan I just found okay yeah I don't
have any compete against now man it's
not as funny and speaking of YouTube
today I legitimately have like six
business meetings it's a busy day like I
said welcome to my life the youtubers
out there you all know this but the
audience guys you can't just be a
youtuber anymore man and you have to
actually go out and talk to people and
do business man it's a yeah you know I'm
saying I wish I could just do YouTube
but you can anymore you got to go out
you gotta make that glops you got to do
all the nonsense business fashion man
New York type ish
yo yo yo yo you see that bro I could
have sworn I just saw the fashion man
bro I'm not even kidding like right now
I don't
oh oh no did you see Tom coming on no I
told you the fashion man is real kid
whoever guys it is time to get the day
started I say goodbye to Erica all right
peace out Erica all right bye our great
day oh she's cute sometimes ten percent
of the time that's not a lot I know Jay
is ha ha feel free we got a big day
ahead of us what's the first meeting we
got a couple of meetings what's it about
yeah we can't talk about yet
can you tell me
kevin said not to talk about it on
camera guys the first meeting is a
fragrance company a Jake fall fragrant
crane that's kind of lit actually faux
fur girl haha take five forego guys then
welcome to my life if you're new you're
my name is Jake you guys know Jake
that visits me what they're late bro see
me Chong is guys the meetings are going
absolutely fantastic in vlog time it was
like literally two seconds in real life
it was like a couple of hours it's
starting to get dark here in i'ma teach
you a lesson when you're a youtuber and
it starts to get dark outside and you
don't have a ton of content you just got
to start roasting people look it's
loading Plaza Barths look it's check
pulse vlog right now suit yourself why
are you wearing adidas pants with Nike
shoes no one is safe though I realize
bro you don't have a but Nathan's got no
but my videographer doesn't have a but
where'd you get your haircut did you get
that brand new cuts that one's as funny
as your shoes
what the hell are those can I be in your
mom yeah bro roast me I need you to
roast me right now roast me bro
it's not you can't no it's $100,000 yeah
try again you're the mom you roast me
that would be a good roaster there's a
fact it's kind of like a watch thing but
trying to shoot you okay this your
guys's vlog camera just should be
outside sorry
roasted that's fall camera finished up
at the business meeting Zuba nights
already know I'm out here not yo airgun
them are in the side of our hotel room
yo you got the laser glasses man try
them yet yeah yeah try the laser light
no I thought I was gonna have to pack I
thought we're gonna be late to the
flight time you go back to the house and
see all the people that I love that are
there yo you packed up the Xbox yeah
yeah trying to run 49 games what do you
mean they're wearing ketchup and mustard
pants the fashion man is coming for you
what in the hell of those Erica you're
doing great so since Erica packed up the
fort night game thanks Erica we're gonna
have to do sarcasm
we're gonna have to play for at night in
real life
Oh
I'm sorry I can't do that anymore I want
to play xbox
however it's time to get down to the
funky business geysers monkey business
going on
there's spy business going on there's
clown business going on
they stole my Tesla illegal broke into
my house and they go freaks economy
illegal and like they came out of
nowhere
Oh possibly I have some theories on this
guys listen up I also thought it could
be Logan and Big Mike cuz if you look
closely the one clown is like a lot
bigger and so Logan's been hanging out
with the Big Mike guys except I don't
know why he would just randomly do that
unless he's filming like a longer
extended version I feel like Logan's an
easy to blame subject let me throw this
out if you watch back on the original
video once we found it out my dad is
like sitting there kind of like on his
phone making no I he did it it could
have been my dad
yeah it could have been my dad but your
dad isn't it friends out here who is
that guy named Chad that is the like
most illogical thing like play the close
to my dad just sitting there on his
phone watch it's gotta be somebody like
one huh one of Nick's friends or
somebody yo how sussed is he looking
he's like yeah it has to be somebody on
the inside cuz he doesn't want it he
didn't want us to like be too scared or
like Chad was nowhere on the footage and
I thought my dad what about Crompton
Crompton was on the footage I was no
footage my dad wasn't on the footage my
mom wasn't on the footage here was GP
and CT let's take this
a step further could it be someone like
who is out to get us
there's no one we just randomly do that
I need my detective glasses I can't
think without these I'm Jake what if it
was you know one fish leads me to my
next point
Nathan okay they did not have an alibi
okay what's your alibi I was playing for
Jesus Christ before that is consuming
kids in America everywhere real though
bro it could have been you feel like the
only way we can catch the clowns as if
like somehow capture them on footage
were like bait them in well they
obviously want in your Tesla maybe we
leave the test loud at night yeah and
you post an Instagram story of it they
want the Tesla or did they want to leave
a message that's right they did the test
on purpose so they knew they would track
it to that location to get their message
almost that location a significance
anywhere where was it gonna fly the road
I feel like the only option is like
catch them on camera with all of the
members of team 10 so that we know it's
not anybody internally think about this
just for one second we've been
installing all of our new security
systems all types of like infrared crazy
technology things to people who are
installing our security system did that
to scare us so that we would buy even
more security so that's a good marketing
attack No
remember Kade brought up the fact that
the Tesla is trackable he was trying to
leave a message Cayden GP yeah what to
get to the bottom of this subscribe keep
up with the movement keep up with this
journey as we try to figure out who
these bonds are join the movement be
l'hospital smile today cop your selves
on the hottest emotional tones all that
code backslash your mom that's right get
a status sweatshirt right now guys
before they sell out they're always
someone out I'm telling ya the dick Paul
of the Sabbath day and we will see you
tomorrow bye guys
hey uh 3 day bro peace
join the everyday Pro movement people
and count yourself some of the hottest
forged in the game go right now because
the take collars sell everything out and
subscribe but and enjoying the most let
YouTube channel on YouTube I'll see you
all tomorrow
