oh my god this is $2,500 if you back up
right off and completely jump it would
it be roll it's going to roll here's the
game plan chat you back up floor it and
go full speed at this ramp catapulting
you to the side and probably onto your
head you Wow
you Wow when you say new car are you
talking about like a Hot Wheels car
because this is legit good morning Jake
Pollard's how you guys doing today
put your vlog belts on because
apparently Chad's about the flip this
car guys this is Sydney if you haven't
met her already
it's her fourth day on the job and she's
starting to get used to the dumb things
that we do here there's not even a
window chanson Anthony broke it out
this is just the intro right now if you
guys are new here I'm Jay Paul you guys
are than Jake Pollard's and welcome to
the most lit YouTube channel on YouTube
period fact if I do a backflip will you
buy me a car
I'll buy you a backflip you won't know
oh my god bro you're the coolest dad in
the world
he's just legitimately a dad of like the
two cutest twins in the world guys but
good morning Jake Paulus and welcome to
the team ten house and speaking of cars
dad's about to flip this but yesterday
your boy also got a car no the car is
absolutely let you know check it out
guys it's becoming the official ed
fluence com NASCAR race car thingy
majiggy because there's nothing better
to promote something then with gas
horsepower and cars baby that's a fact
also yesterday guys little six-year-old
Ben Hampton filled my car with 47,000
cheese balls roll the clip
oh my god oh my god no you're fired
don't still pissed at you Ben let's just
go whatever yeah just do it do it
already the jig poles are waving they up
their vlog belts on and they have their
seat belts on and if you notice my boy
chad is doing this stunt in the hottest
merch in the game fans right now Kovacs
let's Jack Paul new winter line is here
guys I know y'all are super cold out
there so cop yourself so I'm gonna
hottest much in the game fact so many
facts throw that's like jumping on a
moving treadmill have you seen those
videos my baby but sometimes in life you
got to say bye so you actually get him a
car I have to I'm gonna buy him another
$2,500 car I'm pretty sure it's you're
kidding him a new car Chad I'm not
getting you a new car by the way I'm
getting you another uh whatever whatever
that is car however guys you aren't
caught up to speed fully just yet
earlier this morning man Hampton
actually uh pranked us again roll the
clip
because we're having a bad situation
right now no oh you're not getting this
car in that car for $50,000 like
somebody this isn't real like who are
you if you thought you got to council
50k especially these ones then he posted
this online 50 top you wired him the
money already is that the problem yeah
he's got the cash cash in hand these are
not these are not for sale I'm Prasad
and I had our thank you
you're not driving these away today like
that I'm not happening I'm not leaving
without these cars a six year old put
these cars I'm Craig is it a prank
that's a grown man right now he's a
little 96 year old would you come from
I'm like two hours away bro oh my
goodness yeah he's six years old
well I'm sorry man I'm really sorry bro
so you came back then did you put my
cars for sale on Craigslist you are out
of your mind
the guy's here to pick it up
apparently he already wired you the
money you need to give him his money
back
oh Jesus you're not getting a car but
you're not you know you can have an hour
what you can have my car it is a sick
ride bro his dad's cars hit his hell no
bang we need to get Dan out of here then
give him his money back wire it back now
cuz I'm a been whiter Dan his money back
I think he got it back but I think Ben
is just like on a prank spree but yo
look who decided to show up
ee Oh
what's up over here whoa banjo in the
house and you got oh you forgot the
March no how could you forget the
hottest march in the game
oh the sneak peek no peeking except as
new year new backpack fans without
callbacks last trick well however guys
while we wait for Chad to do this I
think I'm gonna spice it up a tiny width
it's a bit
I'm a professional stuntman and driver
do not try this at home you are watching
Jake both locks always plug with that
said guys there's either two things that
can happen here one is Chad goes up
rolls over and tips to chad goes up onto
two wheels and gracefully drives into
the Calabasas forest if you haven't
already joined the strongest team on
YouTube smash that subscribe button
we're the most lid that's that's all it
is to it
you're know this is it oh my god bro
take pollers I'm coming I got you guys
always
oh I found you guys say what's up say
what's up a look who decided to show up
yo you missed everything what happened
well how much really happened right guys
no yeah we just hung out yeah we were
just hanging out yo yo he really wants a
new car he's like Jake said he was gonna
buy it for me but I didn't get ruined so
I gotta ruin it should we try to endure'
convertible we have to even got a new
car yesterday we still don't have a car
we still don't have a what I'm trying to
say is we still when I was trying to say
we still don't have a convertible guys
that's why I hate being filmed I do
stupid carries what I do like look at on
the bright side Chad I mean yeah you may
have no back window think about the air
coming in yeah
no more a/c right no more you don't even
need an a/c you back to the environment
hi merch Lincoln vial hi merch Lincoln
bio I have a boyfriend for you
his name is Apollo this is what you have
to do when you do dumb stunts all the
time guys we called in a doctor to to uh
we called in dr. Worrell to make sure
Chad's back what's dr. chase dr. Jason
Thorne is back okay
he's gonna be a live man safety first
yo Chad we're all glad that you survived
this stunt man and your car maybe it
smashed your car maybe has no windows
your roof may be dented but there's one
thing that your car is not bad your car
is not pleased I seem to keep it up we
need to clean this car in a car wash
guys there's no windows or anything I
don't know how this is gonna play out
guys but
exactly cars bro that's what I got
exotic cars
yeah I don't know this is really going
down oh my god guys we don't have
goggles or anything I don't know what
oh my god oh god no no this is bad
soaking wet rope I'm already like legit
way
Oh
you know we do smell really good weed oh
my is that shampoo Oh working at the
carwash
oh here we go
oh my god that was Nick look Nathan my
legs great is it clean
yeah I mean Gordo easily one of the
craziest experiences of my life I'm
freezing cold when do I get my Ferrari
you have no idea how cold this is right
now guys join the mostly you can channel
on the platform smash that subscribe
button right now calm yourself some of
the hottest wettest in the game what's
up Jake Pollard's listen guys I want to
be able to give you guys exclusive
updates on merchandise news things I
have going on in my life if you guys
want to be able to communicate with me
text me talk to me do with all of these
amazing things then go to next Jake Paul
me text Jake Paul calm which is gonna
give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that's easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on the daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
