Gilbert called and they said that they
couldn't make any reservations so Alissa
called and it was like yeah I wanted to
place a reservation at 7 o'clock okay
unfortunately at least you know if I
guess the order of arrival
you don't accept innovations oh it's for
Kendall Jenner all right thank you so
much all right Thank You Angela
you're welcome baby and just like that
yo we did it we posted the vlog baby a
job well done
yeah but we have to like keep going
there's to keep on pushing that you just
you told everyone you're gonna daily
blog yes till I keep on doing it yeah
dude like we have to film today and then
post today tomorrow too
I hold on much we have to make a cool
lunch we had to make a cool website you
like thumbnails
they're cool clickbait could be cool
yeah that's a quick waits for oh you're
right you're right right right
last to 10 we're back at it again log
day - it's about to be lit we got a
Emily coming who won the book contest so
I'm going to be hanging out with her all
day
deep tens gonna be there let's do this
thing
I like salad
oh those are the dopest glasses that
I've ever seen hey I lost the pink ones
there so fire my glasses
took her glasses are you mad at me
oh babe stop Melissa or jalisa Melissa
or jalisa Daniel Bailey goes daily dose
know why number one Bruno Mars dropped a
song called 24k gold after four years
really good at sorry it's okay you know
he's not bad uptown bye number two
there's a photo / video app that puts
like really cool filters on your photos
and videos there's a ton of these apps I
know but this one's really good
I like using it I like play around with
it a little bit I don't know how to post
them on Instagram or anything but it's
fun it's called Prisma I don't know
check it out number three I know it's an
old but snap spectacles I don't know how
I feel that then are they gonna look
like this like how is Kim gonna record
is it gonna go directly into your
snapchat could be pretty cool could be
really bad let's see I'm gonna get a
pair when they come out so stay tuned
daily dose gonna be called waiting for
Emily
so while I'm waiting for Emily I figured
I'd read a page of my book for you guys
what do you say what do you think yeah
sure okay yeah yeah Jake Paul you got to
want it what do I want to read found a
page um a serious conversation with
myself what did I want to do at age 16
such introspective conversations are
part of part of the deal part of growing
up or of not being grown up yet and the
reality is the conversations you have
with yourself and the questions you ask
are difficult answers are rarely
forthcoming despite wanting them so
badly I tried hard to look into my
future and I saw nothing did I want to
go to college my grades were
unimpressive what could I do about that
or did I want to go with the flow
graduate high school and eventually go
to junior college
what did I want to do what did I love I
envied Logan who is always college bound
and planning on becoming an engineer did
I want that did I want to follow in his
footsteps as I had my entire life or was
there something else for me and if there
was something else
when was I going to find out what it was
how was I going to know it again and
again I asked myself what did I love
then I became obsessed with becoming the
Navy SEAL I'd heard about the Navy SEALs
from various sources I'd watched
something about them on YouTube movie on
TV and I was blown away by these guys
the seals were everything I loved cars
guns trucks working out athleticism
physical and mental toughness and using
your brain despite my grades I knew I
was smart I just didn't apply myself
yeah what stuffs falling yeah alright I
just didn't apply myself the only thing
I put my mind to with the rigor and
discipline needed to get better was
making vines but I didn't see a future
in social media yet and Here I am today
how my god
the seals inspired me in a vision for
the future something I would work toward
becoming I could see myself as a Navy
SEAL it was exciting I started reading
about the seals and studying the
requirements I spoke to an uncle of mine
who'd been in the Navy my dad gave me
workouts the seals did and played the
role of tough drill sergeant or whatever
the Navy SEAL equivalent was ordering
ordering me to jog at op pace for a
certain amount of time or hold my breath
for two minutes we talked about how I'd
have to learn to jump from planes and
sit in silence for hours I like the
challenges oh you'll have to read the
rest and you gotta want you have to read
a lot more because there's like 300
pages but yeah that's all your arm so it
didn't give me that bad but still
screaming Alex I missed you bro
I missed you too husband good how's
school terrible the worst Alex's school
I'm in school unfortunately
unfortunately
Hey
Oh
let's go jump up some trampolines yeah
whooping I mean look at the market
yeah but now we're gonna go get dinner
and then maybe see a movie and hopefully
Emily and we're gonna have in fun I
don't know I'm trying to Gilbert called
and they said that they couldn't make
any reservations so Alyssa called it was
like yeah I wanted to place a
reservation at 7 o'clock ok
unfortunately at least you know if I
guess order of arrival they don't accept
reservations
oh it's for Kendall Jenner okay all
right thank you so much you're welcome
thank you I'm Angela you need anything
all right Thank You Angela and one bite
and just like that no one know what your
son don't need we'll just wash your
purse that's man just finished dinner I
am having so much fun with Emily and
Morgan's you guys make me so happy I
missed your homecoming to come and hang
out with us so yes we're gonna make our
homecoming videos that you can post it
I
alright guys so Emily and Morgan just
left it was so awesome spending the day
with them they're awesome and I love
like hanging out and talking to them and
I'm so tired like we've just been up all
the time now I don't even know how to
say anymore but tomorrow's my book
signing
it'll be today for you guys but I'm so
excited I'm kind of nervous at the same
time people are gonna be reading my book
like their what an amazing feeling you
know I never thought that I would ever
happen so thank you guys for that
support and helping to make that happen
ah but Neil's is here and I'm gonna go
hang out with Neil's and I will see you
guys tomorrow teasing teen in a bit
young guys we do real slide
