zag natural just act natural Niels I
said act natural
I'm naturally we're gonna get now we're
gonna get kicked out I'm doing this
logging logging this is big guys I'm
gonna be daily vlogging actually we're
gonna be daily vlogging I don't know how
to I don't know how to go about this to
be honest I mean there's so much info
like why am i daily vlogging well I'm 19
year old living in Los Angeles from Ohio
I've experienced the craziest things in
the past three years in that journey and
I'm continuing to experience those
things I want to share them with you and
I want you guys to laugh with me I want
you guys to be sad with me I want you to
like come along with my life and like
literally be like here with my life and
I feel like I've learned so much in the
past couple of years through my journey
and I'm continuing to learn so much and
it's knowledge that like I want to share
with you guys and help you like grow as
individuals this is the outlet to do
that so we're daily vlogging it's time
to do a photo shoot
why cuz you got one you got a want you
did you you're gonna preorder it and you
didn't preorder it i pre-ordered it Hey
thank you I'm going to didn't I need to
thank you yeah you too
I love my appreciate this you gotta want
it comes out in four days by the time
you're seeing this it'll be three days
my goal has become a New York Times best
seller so it would mean so much to me if
you guys help me accomplish this goal
hold on to cry I would cry all I have to
do go to Amazon and pre-order the book
and it would help me out so so my log
are me you guys are the best vlog are me
I can already tell I can see you right
now
let's do this together let's accomplish
this goal Cruden's getting a ton of work
done it's Friday I'm super excited
because later we're going to Halloween
Hornet it's like one of the biggest
haunted houses in America like all the
like most famous movies it's at
Universal Studio so Instagram actually
invited team ten to come take over their
Instagram stories and just go through
the haunted houses and like film it so
we're gonna be featured like on
instagrams account October 17 and you
guys will be able to follow along
tonight so I'm super excited for that
190 million people follow them so I'm
gonna be famous mom Bailey goes what
just happened
well I let me explain guys so daily dose
is a segment that I'm gonna be doing
every single day that talks about news
products apps things that are happening
in today's society all relevant stuff
that I think you guys should know about
and then I want to talk about with you
guys and basically you don't even have
to watch the news anymore if you just
like watch the vlogs so today on daily
dose the first ever daily dose here's
what we got for you oh and by the way
guys all of the stuff that we talked
about on daily dose none no one pays us
for it it's because we want to talk
because we think it's cool stuff we
think it's relevant stuff or we want you
guys to know about it and benefit from
what we're talking about travel baby
clothes
I miss the chaos my prayers go out to
all the families that are being affected
by Hurricane Matthew this is a serious
matter like if you live in South Florida
guys be safe like don't take it as a
joke in other news new Yeezys are coming
out apparently they're gonna be like
fall colors different colors I'm like
super excited about it I'm a huge easy
fan I just love what he's doing with
fashion and the clothes that you're
making it I think it appeals like our
kind of generation really well these
aren't easy though more news there's a
new app called
house party and it's basically group
FaceTime finally our generation has
group based on you can FaceTime with
eight people I've tried it out with like
everyone on team time it's actually
really fun so yeah you can check out
house part exact madness with dope so
many meetings today one of the peep in
office let's get er done
my parents ask me what I eat and the
truth is like I don't know what I'm an e
every single day most of the time I live
in order food I don't want to get ooh
grilled cheese with tomato actually
that's not that healthy being healthy is
important these grilled cheese unhealthy
it's uh Jonas's I'm healthy Oh Chinese
food yeah lunch specials chicken lo mein
I actually speak Chinese see how I need
men you sure you don't want anything
yeah I'll just I'm just the cameraman I
don't me oh you just vlog yeah vegetable
egg rolls Add to Cart maybe check out
down the way it's on the way baby 20
minutes later alright hold on I got a
fortune I got a fortune
ready your leadership qualities will
shine soon all right so everyone that
comes into the team can have a Polaroid
them and put them on this wall we will
give you guys up close look at every
single person on the wall and blogs to
come so stay tuned move here to pursue
like entertainment business so hey I got
a future in a magazine let's check it
out ooh
Volken mac ooh fire fire fire fire a
picture boy yo yo yo yo I was gonna walk
away from Alyssa but I just remembered
that last night on the team 10 group
chat we had like a conversation about
who could wake up earlier right like
who's gonna do who was gonna grab
No yeah so the competition was who can
wake up earlier right so I wasn't like
trying to get up early I was just gonna
get up at like 8 o'clock which is when I
normally get up and so Alyssa got up at
6:30 right she beat me right I was like
oh man she got up so early she's
grinding and now she's just asleep look
at that she's just asleep asleep you
can't just want it in the morning you
have to want it all day all day Alyssa
I'm telling you or about to get changed
going to the gym gotta want it Friday
gym fit whoo let's go whoo baby I'm back
done
yes sir see straining means we're doing
we were just saying that that was
probably like one of the hardest
workouts we've done I'm dead right you
gotta push yourself outside comfort zone
every dirt hmm baby
we got George in the building he's ready
I getting it scared wait don't you get
scared ah pressure the other bathroom I
need to change anyway wait how am I
supposed to how am I supposed to do it
oh sure you do like this but for some
reason it's the new thing you pointed
the shoes and talked so so when I'm
talking I put my shoes and then when
you're talking I put it
no but seriously it was that elicitor
screaming whew ELISA just screaming
who's ELISA remember that boy that's in
team ten his long hair oh yeah ELISA
yeah yeah all right we're on our way to
Halloween Horror Nights we are in the
squad sprinter baby it's whipped up I
don't know if you can see him back there
but everyone's up in here what's up guys
Jake Paul here with team ten Neil's
Bahamas go ahead mr. Brooks George
Django and we're here at Hollywood more
nights with Instagram what's up guys we
are Indian Stremme right now and we're
not going let's go
Zach Naturals is AG natural Neal
I said act natural I'm naturally
now we're gonna get kicked out
ah
alright guys that is it for day one
thank you so much for watching make sure
you guys subscribe and watch the rest of
the vlogs
I'm literally gonna be doing it like all
the time every day
Universal is with my guys will be boots
guys JX e VL 1810 and a bit like we
shall kneel slide
