guys I just found out that we got a
house oh my gosh suksoon
what's up I'm Jake Paul I'm a snapchat
creator and actor this is my home come
check it out now I feel like Los Angeles
is my home I think it's because I have
like a place to park I park open the
door and walk right in I love my truck
so gotta have a nice home for it you
know like it has feelings too the
process of looking for a home is like
really stressful because you want to
find the perfect place and Zillow
actually really made that super easy
going from like this small town Ohio and
moving to Los Angeles it's just I can be
intimidating another really important
aspect of a home to me is being creative
because that's like part of my job I was
like 10 years old my dad gave my brother
a knife camera and we literally just
started like recording everything that
we were doing in our lives like running
around our house we always had like a
creative environment like make videos
this home is super creative with its
like open environment and you can like
open up all these doors and it just like
feels like the outdoors
