Jamie halt disregard that title at this
utilization why would anybody stop beef
with rice gum he'll cook you up are you
really dum-dum there's a reason why they
call him rice gum why you take a serious
he doesn't just for fun I've never taken
else he already won oh well what he says
is mostly true
that's why it bothers you my gosh but on
the contrary love baby every area is
really pretty credit ifs the homie homie
gotta get to know a while and we'd be
friends put the beef to an end over hey
how the hey
becoming the Strand stop right meet
Thomas impressive lipid Sam think on it
is my friend I loved them to the end
love your jawline this cotton I'm not
here to defend
get a defend I'm here to make a man a
man
I'm here to make a man like a man but
let's be real to Taurus gum is really
funny I'm making them money huh buddy
stop lying
uh-huh probably has you dying uh I
almost have me crying uh-huh buddy is
perfect nobody is perfect so they can
get roasted ah yeah everybody in roasted
yeah everybody everybody getting roasted
yeah I'm black
everybody get it roasted yeah Oh roast
in the stand
rusty everybody get around the steel in
case you were curious Jacobs are curious
is really good guy josh is really fly I
love you here sky-high and Hunter Ronis
my gosh look how good he looks in this
black time thank you and you're probably
wondering why well I'm so good at
rapping you really and I don't know it
just happened can we all take a moment
to check out Rice's hair damn it is
super rare I need this product in my
flipping hair Alex James is Gabi
they are like family they are so sweet
they like candy so nice yo but for real
rice if you see me at VidCon please say
hi we should have a meet-up or something
I love you out
ah crud buddy in love everybody head but
someone's gotta get roasted
get toasted so I'm a rose myself yeah
yeah I'm a rose myself okay y-you look
like Johnny Bravo
Oh or that guy from scooby-doo don't you
need a new agey pose and if you look
closely you got a crooked nose so this
grab your mind suck amen
they're not that bad but you're roasting
yourself oh yeah your vine suck
you brought a real gun gosh Steven ha
download this on iTunes huh JK I can be
on iTunes
actually might be on iTunes download on
iTunes JK
get back in a bit I do okay guys I hope
you enjoyed that it was not meant to be
taken seriously but on the serious side
of things like everyone needs to chill
like team internet love everyone poops
