finally here no I haven't looked at it
yet
but I looked at it - about 2/3 chance
now right now I'm gonna smash this cake
onto his face
well father said welcome to the team
10th house where once again good morning
guys and the reason why I have this
birthday cake is because it is my
assistants birthday today so I thought
we start off this vlog with us rather
than with the birthday cake I don't even
think she knows that we know that it's
her birthday
however guys like I said welcome to the
team 10 we like always have a big day
ahead of us and if you're new here I'm
Jay Paul you guys are the Jake polish
that welcome to the most YouTube channel
on YouTube cuts so put your blog outside
because today it is about to go down the
house today we got assistant Sydney
we're about to surprise your Sydney Phil
my uncle Nathan
oh boy a little six-year-old Ben
Hamptons
the man the myth the legend uncle cave
and the squad hashtag team 10 their
strongest team on the internet also a
fact guys we have a big problem that we
need to solve today however enough with
the jibber-jabber
it's time for some cake and I'm not
talking about this cake or that page
okay and the job now fired yet it's your
birthday problem it's your birthday
pretend it's your birthday bro Yoshi I'd
make that remix no yeah happy birthday
Sydney and once again welcome to this
crazy life that we live here in Los
Angeles California baby put on y'all
just signed up for today's adventure
however before we get into today's
adventure we must talk about what
happened yesterday first so it's 2018
now and new year new me and also a new
backpack SEF Android Co backslash Jake
Paul the new backpacks are really dope
get it while you can before it sells out
for real though the Jake Polar's the
strongest army on the platform in Jesus
crazy the merch is gonna sell out anyway
in 2018 I made a vow to like eat
healthier and like work out more and
Erica's not too happy with me roll the
clip off cheese I'm up you know what
roll the clip
80% nutrition 20% workout you just
cancel your over go
okay we're gonna work on my diet
probably maybe not I like Donna my name
is Jake pong
but then guys Eric and I stopped arguing
over food and we bonded a little bit I
need somebody else to do this rolling
can you roll on the ground for me and
say roll the clip Opel's that massage
together stay together
that's so cute Jarek is real Derek is
fake jerk is real I don't know Jericho
Jericho Jericho
however guys something else happened
last night as you could tell my car is
getting cleaned out because this little
six-year-old who also hacked all of our
account played a prank on me Ben you're
crazy bro okay anyways guys okay okay
well okay Ben actually played like one
of the most savage pranks that have ever
been pranked okay somebody rolled Chad
get on there roll the clip
roll the clip Jerell roll the clip damn
it I'm about to prank your boy Nathan
and Anthony all right in on it
sorry Jake Jake here fire no about
47,000 cheese balls a lot of cheese
balls I have to put them all inside my
bro I noticed that rain bro doesn't have
any ones in it so we're gonna put
victories in it and then go destruct
eight hey don't mess this up here we go
then I think I'm actually have like
fired for this one like for real you
realize I'm putting my career on the
line for you right now
don't worry is enough for something no
we should go get he's got something to
tell you or show you I should say so see
Ben's with me friends with me I haven't
seen you since you joined team ten you
hacked into all of our comm you're crazy
my computer is like kind of a
distraction so hey oh yes
only two years and the age of a small
kid so I hope you learn your lesson I'm
trashing your intro you trash my reign
bro yeah
no no what is this oh my god oh I'm
gonna go try the cheese ball look what
he did Ben I'm so hungry right now you
can eat this whenever you go oh my god
oh my god you're fired
everyone forgets that I too can leave me
I'm gonna die oh you guys calm down
road trip
Neal my entire lives right now let's
just say things got cheesy and we're
back guys I still pissed at you Nathan
for letting them do that my car is
absolutely ruined they then are you
still there
yeah yeah however Ben I can't be that
mad at you and for a six-year-old you're
pretty you're pretty smart but guys
since he is just in team ten team ten
tradition I'm gonna plug his YouTube
channel everyone go watch his vlog she
actually makes like lit live logs and
subscribe hit the like button two
million in 30 days okay you heard it
here first
however guys we have a big problem so I
gathered t10 over here guys say hi to
basically help me solve this problem
that we have because it takes a lot of
creativeness to solve a problem the
problem is we just launched ed fluence
as most of you have probably seen now
you don't know what influence is honey
you hit honey you lost two confused
honey what are you doing I mean though
what if you don't know what Ellen says
guys it's basically like a course that I
created teaching you guys all the
secrets tips tricks that I have learned
over the past five six seven eight years
of doing social media well the problem
is that all of us need to come up with a
super creative way to promote it a lot
we need to go to a football game to
throw up flyers on certain people
streaking at the Super Bowl here in my
garage
okay I mean should we try it
yo now ed fluence dot-com hahahaha I
don't feel like a moving advertisement
coz if it's not a love like a billboards
in one place if something's moving then
it can be anywhere except influence on
ed fluence racecar wait wait why any
hope I'm kind of like that bro but it's
kind of expensive wait a sec is there
can you streak at the Super Bowl that's
one place you put a billboard up that's
one road you drive a car all right guys
go everywhere plus like low-key
I kind of just won another car you could
put influence on the skateboard and
throw off lock for real if you wanted to
be a big logo
that's odd blowing Chad that's all oh
hey I forgot we've never so close oh we
could get a screaming goat that just
says
I know I'm you know told by six year old
man my life sucks you know why is the
cake not even broken guys we're letting
the universe decide with a coin flip it
lands on heads we get an e d fluence
racecar if it lands on tails then I
write ed fluence calm on my chest and
streak the Super Bowl we're trying to
find our race car online that we can buy
today that's like one of the dopest cars
like been put cheese balls in Green
Grove oh so like rainbow is completely
ruined my Lamborghini is still getting
supercharged as we speak guys they're
almost done here's an updated video so I
guess in the meantime it kind of makes
sense for us to get a racecar and put
everyone calm on the side of it This Is
It this is it this is what it is for
sale 650 horsepower
that is really one of the stickiest cars
I've ever seen sure does they have back
seats it just like has a roll cage it's
in San Diego come you should probably
call the first button yeah well if they
like money then we're almost there I'm
so excited for y'all to see this car
whoa good morning pastors honey no and
the goal with this car guys is to
completely wrap it like as if it were a
NASCAR car oh my god finally here no I
haven't looked at it yet I looked at it
yo we could literally fly I Chom Chom
Chom so if you win a game for sure
though bro
okay so gets a bmw m3 almost 700
horsepower why buy the kit I can't even
list the modifications for this but it's
legitimately over race car guys there's
no back seats it's just a roll cage in
case you crash while you're doing like
200 miles per hour which don't don't
ever do that kids but just look how fat
this wing is I could fly like I said
guys this thing is like a legitimate
racecar it's got its like safety car
official car of the of your own class
bro I don't know what that means but it
sounds fast I'm gonna make it like black
gray orange and fluence colors bro I'm
so I think this is a success Rome Jake's
got BMW he's an M car owner Club and
guys if you didn't know I have a little
bit of German in me and BMWs are German
cars and so I feel like I am at home I'm
trying to do a German accent
you know it's not like GT house stuff in
it that's German too so I'm feeling
right at home Erica do you like it okay
okay you like it
are you sure you're kidding yeah Brahman
I need to give it to dynamite Dylan to
like turn it into the ED fluence card
look at how this thing is cuz however
guys I'm going to give this car two
dynamite Dylan you guys know down in my
dealing and he's gonna be the one that
officially turns it into the ED Florence
car but yo I want you guys to experience
the full beauty of this car so roll the
clips so sexy way up yo I'm gonna start
up for you wait till you hear that why
are you crawling in it there's a door
bro it's a race car Nathan I'm a NASCAR
driver I know there's a door but what a
racecar driver do yeah you're right
did you hear that now it's nice and
fluid scars
it's legitimately a race car guys I'm
gonna show you some of its power right
here this is all private property from
the shop we just got it aids never done
donuts in this car Tanner and Dylan are
gonna hit it
I'll go cave you're crazy bro all right
time for the new puppy to hit the road
AFL geometry but those are some fat
circles
right now
her birthday happy birthday Rio today
was so awesome top yourself some of the
hottest in the game it's the winter line
it's warm it's fuzzy and I will see
y'all tomorrow because get it while you
can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
