let's go work out their day today is
getting good
yeah
all right so I'm doing this audition and
I gotta just really nerdy somebody hey
guys love here for the party huh turn up
like oh that's around okay I didn't get
invite all right okay all right I'm so
sad Oh God
oh how do you think I'm gonna get the
role do you think I'm gonna get it do
you think I'm gonna get it how do I look
that's what got my daddy left in the dog
power Triana so Logan is unscrewing this
door for vine we were drill this would
be so yeah we do have a drill I get that
yeah we like to get that drill we've
always had a drill can I have it yeah ah
so yeah he's gonna break the door off
just a casual casual day we're gonna put
the phone right here we're going to
light it from over there
we're gonna take these chips throw them
at this head the doors gonna fall down
Mavericks gonna fly I'm gonna eat
turkeys and Lolly turkeys is that
Thanksgiving in or is it techies a good
we're depicting the shots this is a very
elaborate oh I have to do this I'm
bitter I think I got it I think I got it
I'm gonna hit you throw it at me and I
hit this like this and then this will
fall over but then all that kind of
nonchalantly spin
like hit the base from here that's
you're gonna break this vase no one of
the breakaway ones
it's breakaway it's fake all things fake
its fake
don't resign it followed
I'm too hot hot damn Little Ponies look
fireman oh wait so I see that guy
jogging away over there that's Manny
Pacquiao Floyd's gonna win though he
just just show by his boxing gyms right
down the street comment per Floyd like
for many Beck yeah double bay beautiful
thank you so much thank you someone new
he out she I doing a photo shoot
she almost ran me over but she honked
whoa
no slows you can
shop over you go around I love it
forever all right
yeah you
you gotta want it
get your hands in on that bad boy I
heard GP can do a handstand on it he
wants it now he wants it they don't want
it they got two convicts I want to see
you why Logan
alright guys well that was a fun day
