let's go I don't know what I'm gonna do
but yes go do it turtles are my life
what a beautiful day
present shine baby cries and so I
haven't eaten today and I'm about to go
crazy I need food I need just fell
asleep for like three hours yeah it was
nice thank you cute we're gonna go to
dinner now and eat a lot of food like
I'm telling you fat bat bat I'm telling
you this amount of food is next-level
all right so we're at the food place
about to walk in yeah next level next
level bottle whoa hey lemon may also the
exciting thing about this vlog today is
that later I'm gonna be telling you a
little bit about my life about my life
that's excited about light is my wife
good no seriously all right you're going
to learn a little bit about Jay Paul
sorry I turned you around I'm sorry
we're back here say hi yeah
getting the street then all the lives in
here baby
I saw him here at the restaurant there's
so much food I'm so happy he's right
there see him you see Kevin Hart is
right there we just spilled wine on
Andrews a pretty random ever wanna fly
now mr. Winant
Audrey Audrey everyone friends were
killed at this I program and I videos
like I think I was lying on the couch
looks like this is the time to do it
having a bad day everyone has bad
I don't know what they're gonna help me
I'm gonna get the healthy girl it's
intense today next thing okay everyone
is up now and then what stuff happens
okay
he did that for the way there's a good
guy good guy this jake paul i just did a
monologue on the log placing sad musical
bit it's gonna get real like get
ensemble eating food here on that
Steadicam i living literally I can't
even write literally I can't eat it
right now I can't talk
I hate so much food days I can't even
right now I can't even a I ate all my
food and be so many things I can't even
silly boy like in the higher cut we're
both odd no one here Craven no one here
get on top and roll all right so I just
got home I ate so much food
there you go for a jog oh alright so
here's a little bit about myself
alright where do I start
so I was in fourth grade and my dad gave
Logan my camera so we started making
sure making videos for YouTube and the
they're pretty funny
uh you know everyone loved them like who
was in our school whatever blah blah
blah
and then we got uh we got older and kind
of grew out of it and high school came
around and there was you know high
school like you have to be cool
blah blah blah sports all that stuff and
I was a wrestler I wrestled pretty much
like all my life I'm pretty good so
don't you don't want to mess with me so
started wrestling I wasn't sure if I
wanted to you know do it in college or
whatever but uh it's pretty much all I
did it was 24/7 was trained wrestle
train wrestle training wrestle blah blah
and you know I don't really like school
that much so pretty much yeah all I did
was train and wrestle and then Logan was
about to graduate and this app called
vine came out right Logan's about to
graduate I'm in 10th grade and this app
called called vine comes out and I see
it all over Twitter blah blah I download
the app start making videos on it
thinking nothing of it you know just
having fun doing it because that's what
I love to do is just be silly and make
people laugh whatever blah blah and
Logan wanted to make the videos with me
so he got on the app too we both started
making these videos and
basically what happened was Logan and I
collaborated making these videos all day
long we fell in love with it and
eventually people started to notice our
work and thanks to you guys you guys
shared it with people and really are the
reason that any of it happen is because
whoever the first one to revine it was
whoever the first one to like it you
know I want to thank you and hopefully
you're still watching today hopefully I
didn't scare you off but yeah it all
started with one revine two rebounds
three rewinds and I won't ever forget
that
but it just slowly started to take off
little by little where you gain more
followers and and it kind of turned into
like this huge thing and we were like
wow like people are watching us every
day and it kind of it kind of turned
into like it turned into basically
basically basically I realized that like
this is what I truly loved you know and
wrestling was great but you know I
didn't actually love it love it love it
but this is what I really really loved
doing so
it turned into this passion I was doing
it every day I loved making you guys
laugh and basically what I thought was
if I can do this on social media then
why can't I do it on TV or movies or
whatever it is and just on a bigger
scale so that that's why I moved to Los
Angeles and that's where I'm here now
and I dropped out of high school and
finished my high school online I have my
diploma but dropped out of high school
moved to Los Angeles with my brother
who's in that room right there and we
just started chasing our dreams we're
still chasing our dreams and I'll always
chase my dreams and that's what everyone
should do you know what is it that you
truly like to do and you should go and
do that 100% don't be like well I don't
know I don't know well this will happen
or that will happen I left all my
friends in Ohio chance Anthony Nick
Fritz moe-san me Billy
Chad you guys all know who you are I
left everything seriously brought my
clothes in the suitcase said goodbye to
my mom
she was crying as a left-foot airport my
dad drove me to the airport and my
brother Logan was on his way out here he
was driving because I had to finish my
last two days of school Logan is already
like a day away from arriving in Los
Angeles and I was jumping on a flight so
I was waiting about my mom was crying
and flew to Los Angeles arrived here and
the second biggest city in the United
States just turned 17
Logan was 19 and just started pursuing
the dream of being on television being
on movies being an actor the whole nine
yards
just enter any form of entertainment
just started pursuing it
and that's where I am today
still I it's such a huge world bigger
than you'll ever even realize and bigger
than I can ever even realize and there's
so much to do in so little time
and I would work every day to accomplish
the goal of changing people's lives and
making them happier or making them feel
some type of way or inspiring them so
that's my ultimate goal is to change the
world and the way I can do that is
by starting off with changing one person
by making their day better or inspiring
them to go out and and accomplish
whatever it is they want to accomplish
whether it is getting a 4.0 GPA or
getting a full ride scholarship because
for sport whatever it may be both that's
ultimately what I want to do is be able
to change the world and inspire others
and I make their lives better so I am
thrown into this world of entertainment
you know I walk outside
even today I walk outside Kevin Hart is
sitting next to me in a restaurant I
walk outside Angelina Jolie is
downstairs I'm hanging out with Vince
Vaughn you know I don't know if you've
seen these vines or any of my vines but
it's this crazy crazy world that I I
love and but it's also so much so much
for I just turn 18 so much for just
turning 18 you know I'm from Ohio
Cleveland Ohio and it's just so much
different and I'm still like adapting to
it and I'm just working my hardest like
non-stop just
trying for you guys to give back and I
just can't thank you guys enough because
honestly I'm I'm living a dream honestly
and I I don't even think it has started
yet and I hate to be like so emotional
because I'm at not normally like this
but it's I'm living a dream thanks to
you guys and I want you guys to be able
to live the same dream that I am so
that's why I'm working every single day
is so I can inspire you or make your day
better just so that you can take over
the world one day and I'm I'm lucky
enough I got so lucky to be able to come
out to Los Angeles which is the best
place in the world I'll tell you that
it's a fact and and be able to do this
and it's so much work for me and I've
given up I've given up a lot of things I
still do every single day you know just
so that I can I can really really make a
difference which is what it's all about
bread like I'm running back to square
one
take a ride with me my car won't take
one all-star styles you baby walk let's
take a run up hate you baby I bet
everybody left you I read your letter
relays we got it
all right guys
that was the end of today so I'm gonna
go to sleep
taking that Duke goodnight
