stop and said to the team ten house
today we have a lot going down put your
blog about side oh oh no about words
dumb and before we get started today
today in the team ten house we have mrs.
Eric Acosta assistant Sydney good son
filmer only and of course your boys Jake
Jake Izzy Paul
and we saved the most important one for
last
Anthony Tokyo reason why he is the most
important guest is because we need to
get his ass up today is a big day for
both Anthony and I explain why in a
second but in the meantime it's actually
our big day and the reason why it is my
big day and also Anthony's big day is
because it's a day of puppies y'all
puppies as you all know Apollo and
Athena have been in a training camp for
like the longest time now you guys know
that they're like divorced dogs on this
earth no oh and so if y'all already
didn't know we enrolled them in to like
a professional dog training today I'm
vlogging here we don't want a power
Athena to be like that honey no so
they've been in this training camp for
like a couple of weeks now and Anthony
and I are going to finally visit them
like I miss my cute little fluffy best
friend so it's like didn't have a go or
something you know speaking of Erica cos
tell her little cute little puppy that
doesn't have a name also I I named it
merch Lincoln bio it's the hottest merch
from the game and Royko backslash Jake
Paul legitimately is the hottest march
in the game my favorite hoodie is the
SATA so to get it while you can
anyways did your puppy here yeah I'm
gonna show you guys the puppy in a
second but some stuff has already
happened this morning that's even cuter
than puppies
oh the clip oh yeah
Uncle Jake Moya she said boy these
babies used to hate me
uncle native uncle J no I'm taking this
for myself so cute
but um yo I think I'm gonna be a good
dad one day hopefully yeah probably
hashtag dad goals check out this dad bud
oh my god she is really cute oh my god
get to that dog in a second when we get
to the dog in a second and the reason
why I said Erica looks like a bull
fighter is because of what happened this
morning I basically told her that we're
gonna have a slumber party and in the
morning I was gonna make waffles and boy
oh boy do I keep my promises boy used to
be on the Olympic dodgeball team hope
athleticism bra much Lincoln bye oh yeah
she stuck her tongue in my yo that is
legitimately the cutest dog does it have
a name yet she dies what's her name I
can't tell you yet why you can't you
tell me cuz I need you to guess uh
merging you Maya no Lincoln by oh no
fans Roy Kovac sighs Jake ball with you
okay
all right but again guys the reason why
I'm so stoked is because I feel like
when we go and see them it's gonna be
like the soldier coming home videos oh
like whether soldiers come home to their
dogs and they freak out oh yeah
throw that that's really gonna be us
watch
yeah what they don't come up to you you
guys are good owners but like what if
they work what is their happier wherever
they're airing but guys keep your vlog
belts on Oh loving that new thing that
pops up because we're just getting
started for the day welcome to my life
if you're new here I'm Jake Paul you
guys are the Jake Pollard's and we're
the most channel on YouTube
and speaking of littmus while we are
here guys I haven't showed you all the
new furniture we got first up this
square thing it's like a little like uh
be like chill hole and then your homies
are chillin on top oh that was a fishing
pole yeah yeah
also goddess don't blue chair but
actually my favorite things are these
tables bro they're like little hexagon
octagon like triangle thing no no that's
definitely a hex I dropped out of high
school Nathan please leave me alone or
I'm gonna fire you today and speaking of
firing people there was these first day
of work yesterday and she did not get
fired congratulations okay
second day here we go here we go rest in
peace but actually as if you didn't see
yesterday it was Sydney's first day city
is my new assistant and there was her
first day of work yesterday and things
got lit we started to get rid of our
Christmas decorations because Christmas
is over which brings me to my next point
why the heck is this Christmas tree
still here everybody attack
today however guys we have a problem out
you oh I love her so much like
everything but actually guys I do have a
problem it's 2018 now and things are
getting a lot more trendy things are
getting a lot more fashionable and hair
is not in those trends Erika brought in
English how did I know that I didn't
even look but Erika brought it to my
attention that I need to get rid of like
my chest and like stomach hair yes so
assistant Sydney got these hair wax
removal strips
I would love to hold your hand okay oh
this is gonna be so painful step one
that's legit I thought you liked manly
men I do
so why you've always had Oh either there
or it's not there but this in-between
stage has got to go I had neck was
hitting on me no oh also I forgot to put
Nick in the intro I didn't know you're
gonna be here today also in the house
today it's Nick Crompton are you ready
girl my nipple first you know I miss
around your neck be so trendy cuz I will
be so 2018 bro real men don't feel pain
how's my chest looking it looks sexy
honey no well that went great to say the
least
Thank You Erica pastel now I am hairless
like your dog / rat princess roll the
clip
oh my bed roll the clip rat dog her name
is princess it's crazy because she looks
nothing like a princess completely
hairless now uh it is time hey you guys
are not standing over here hey Jack it's
Tony time and it's Apollo and Athena
time oh do you think we can't be able to
be like sit stay so bro that's what I'm
saying like I don't know what to expect
are they gonna be a good dogs now
however I am getting nervous because I
love my little guy and what if he
doesn't love me anymore oh he's kind of
love you I don't know bro oh he's
getting a lot more let's go
watch why I want to be right now it's
kind of quiet because they'll smell you
they hear you and this is their
association with you is not listening
alright so when they hear you they'll
lose their mind or going up here to sit
down and watch them train so that they
don't associate us with like being bad
they're not gonna know we're here yet
though there's a so cute an Apollo is a
handful Apollo's a handful he's so big
he's so big look at the thena just
laying on the thing like look at Apollo
he's going and laying on the thing bro
oh my god okay alright let's go see if
they remember us okay before we go say
hi to them right now I just want to say
you got a copy yourself some glasses
Mars in the game banjo
he does this yo Apollo I have another
girl for you when you get home her name
is Murch Lincoln Maya Fievel doesn't
like that nothing like that you have two
more weeks of school but daddy's got to
go okay I love you give me kiss okay I'm
super proud of you and you'll be back at
the team ten house soon okay buddy but
watch this guys one final trick he'll no
leash go if you want to learn how to be
a vlogger and do YouTube and how to
become social media famous go to
influence calm right now guys follow
your dreams if you take the course some
of you might even have the chance to
join team ten today was absolutely
awesome caught yourselves from the
hottest merch in the game Android I
caught max let's check pop go to the
link in the description right now and I
will see y'all tomorrow because it's
everyday bro
Jake Pollard's it isn't all new season
Oh
merge guys this stuff super fans Waco
backslash Jake pop get it what you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me Tex Jake Paul calm which is
gonna give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that's easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatty Deb's everyday bro make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake vol 2 which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
