yo guys I literally just got back from
the store day ten I lost my GoPro ah
yeah that was sad
ah so now I got a new one brand new uh
so I'm sorry about that missed a day
guys uh let's go man let's go let's pick
let's pick up the juices come on
guys I got my camera back I got my
camera I got my camera back hello I got
my camera back I got my camera back yeah
I know I got it back I got it back I got
my camera back yeah yeah yeah Mike I got
my eye on my camera I got it yeah what's
9+10 21 you stupid no not what we're
gonna get food Twiggy and food we in boo
we got food
so now I'm going that I'm going to get a
charger for my phone I feel like I get
like 14 of them every week because I
lose them am i right
three three TMZ exclusive
like ten cords tacos tacos tacos tacos
almost got hit by car Logan Logan we
already worked out those so it's all
good
hi hi hey hey we scare people everyone's
scared of us look how they're scared of
us Richie wants to marry this girl
Richie tell us about the girl Tom do you
have I've seriously been so busy today
it's unreal like I don't even know what
I'm doing anymore I just need some food
or something
oh well Yolo Yolo Yolo you gotta want it
folks that's the main thing you gotta
want it you can't not want it you gotta
want it Duke wants it isn't that right
Duke Duke don't you want it tell them
Duke trust me Duke wants it well I was
gonna go tanning but the Sun isn't there
anymore so what do I do now oh the sun's
over there the sun's over there is it
Los Angeles beautiful just look at it I
hope
whoa whoa whoa does this go well Waldo
look it's Waldo period I found Waldo
Waldo look at all these scripts huh
watch this
yo how cool is that
how cool was that how cool was that when
I grow up I want to be like them I want
to be like them look how cute they are
stop we're getting food we got so much
food
yo so I found my other GoPro so now I
have to go pros and now I don't know
what I'm doing with my life and also
Dukes eating the trash hey this ain't no
joke play a fricken banger dude I'm
working so hard what's what's on get him
get him get him get up yeah get him yeah
that's what happens when you mess with
my squad that's what happens when you
mess with my squad home it back what you
say you want to say something Oh about
to baby
we don't play games here boy we don't
play games here it's been camp what
husband
you wanna spit huh oh yeah hi Joey bye
hmm that's Joey I like him his last name
is Savage
I eat salad it's health it determination
motivation you gotta want it folks you
gotta want it work hard
don't play hard just work hard don't
listen to Wiz Khalifa don't listen to
him he doesn't know anything you don't
need to play odd you just work hard just
me okay
you gotta want it all right guys and
today I'm sorry that I missed today but
I hope you had fun thanks for watching
good night
yeah yeah
