what's up guys just woke up I'm going to
an audition yeah let's do it
I just finished the audition I think it
went well I don't know I tried my
bestest and that's what counts baby let
the dogs out I did about the first
environment yeah
preview of divine I barely work out the
vine is getting a lot of likes thank you
guys
ha yeah we work out let's work out whoa
I mean vines for my second channel on
vine
Jake Paul - alright alright I'm going to
a meeting I'm gonna whip in there cuz
I'm late
let's go okay
I was having a party
yeah yeah yeah eat it eat it eat the
watchers eat them guys I haven't been
able to do fun stuff today I've just
been doing a lot of work and I love you
and I'm going to acting class now let's
go I got done with acting class now what
are we gonna do got go to Florida okay
so Richie and I are really bored right
now so we're gonna go we're gonna go
drop a plan and let some fireworks off
in Los Angeles so I along
I'm gonna spit out my gum and try and
hit it with a GoPro with the lens watch
daily lips we're getting the fireworks
in this bag we got the supply let's be
sterile nothing's going on yet nothing's
going on
yeah nothing's going on here we just
have fireworks just fireworks that's all
don't look
nope so suspicious he looks like he's
about to let off fireworks look good oh
good I thought look good I thought oh my
gosh so sexy so sexy oh I love her stay
sexy
that's my BAE reading game because it's
like Christmas like Merry Christmas
right over there
this is crazy talking about our we don't
know
I'm here with one we're killing me whoa
all right guys today was great I'm gonna
go to sleep I love you make sure you
watch tomorrow
