however guys there is only one way to
introduce somebody into the team ten
family and a Sidney as my new assistant
I think it's only right that I guess
this is the intro I mean I'm down good
morning Kurt hey but guys if you're new
here Jake Paul I am I definitely am you
guys are the Jay Polar's and welcome to
the most lit YouTube channel on YouTube
ha flex really oh yeah speaking of her
butt being sore guys if you didn't see
it already yesterday are you blogging OC
vlog for one day and you put the vlog
pants on actually the vlog pants are the
hottest pants in the game Panzer and I
go back slash Jake Paul join the
strongest merch team on YouTube baby but
actually yesterday guys Erica like
snowboarded for the first time basically
and it went completely wrong it didn't
all over her body today like I said it
went completely wrong well also
yesterday I've never been skiing before
and it was they went bad
oh no it wasn't fun but hey actually
yesterday as well I woke up Chan theny
here yeah it was great
who is the fire extinguisher roll the
clip oh my gosh
run run yo wake up guys oh my god it's
better open the door yeah good morning
good morning guys for what Oh see they
already forgot that's great what the
thing is though Jericho real her booty
real don't worry my booty is real - I
kind of liked it however guys back to
what I was trying to say oh you didn't
know I could juggle wait what thank you
what I was saying guys ah yo we have a
fun vlog today I mean y'all know that
it's what every single day
what's your vlog belt on because it is
about to go down
today is my new assistants first day of
work
flash Wars yo it's gonna get lit we need
to initiate her keep teacher a lot of my
newest that is your name by the way guys
however guys we're finally back at the
team ten house it has been a minute we
were in Ohio uh we were in Tennessee I
was a big bear snowboarding waterpark
and we're finally back at the t1000 guys
it feels so good to be home pay it
actually feels good to be back home but
there's a lot of stuff that's being
built here that you guys haven't seen
yet Paul's girlfriend crazy and just cut
my hand you didn't see it what actually
happened dude roll the clip
yeah no you can't just say roll the clip
but it rolled no it didn't the only way
the clips actually roll is if you go
throw the clip so it just rolled yeah
what club are we rolling actually go
into the air good cos tell Jay Paul's
girlfriend cutting me how did she cut
you dude did you not only the Edit sees
the club all you know she attacked me in
a meeting
Erica cos tell Jay Paul's girlfriend
attacked me wait why are you bleeding he
cut me chance and Jay Paul's best friend
cut me
so many titles that dumb down by I wants
to view know someone someone do
something
oh that's views right there they don't
listen to them bro you're my I hire you
the next time you fire and we're hiring
him because we need one already called
dibs he's a hot commodity I find out
filming I'll tell me I'll film I put him
down no I need it Erica yeah please can
you do that how you look so cute well
thanks I don't know what to say
that's alright I think it kind of scared
because you're behind the camera oh it's
just me we're going on the move okay you
suck you know you're you know you're
cute oh you know it's cringe here me and
your mom your face don't think the mom
thank you I don't know what is going
down guys but nathan is back nathan cut
don't you ever tell my videographer here
there's beautiful arse
eighteen-year-old videographer of no you
fired him
don't you ever tell him what the ghetto
host however guys there is only one way
to introduce somebody into the team ten
family and a Sydney as my new assistant
I think it's only right that uh James
you don't that we that we TP her right
it's fun right wha it's a blast
so much fun is gonna say hi to Jake
polish this is Sydney guys we have a lot
to do Sydney today we're leaving we are
here in a parking lot I just want to
prepare you for a lot of things you see
like team tenets crazy and a lot happens
you need to watch out for things like
anacondas you definitely need to watch
out for stuff breaking you also need to
watch out for Erica her in Jake
they just make out randomly very random
definitely need to watch out for a power
note oh and lastly when I say duck that
was good you should know that now really
first things first Sydney I feel like we
got to teach you how to vlog if you were
to say hi to the camera what would you
say right now give it a deep can you try
a hey guys why it's okay Sydney yeah
yeah yeah it's the vlog it's fun it's
yeah I'm normally like this like I'm
normally like yo what's going on guys
like this is so much fun but on the vlog
I'm like that's aggressive that's
aggressive it's like your Energy's at
100% you need to be anyone be warning no
what's up guys yeah yeah also she's
wearing easy yo ho Sydney doe so we're
gonna be spending a lot of time together
and I feel like we have to know what
each other is thinking like Nathan not
boys so we start reading each other's
minds what do I need from this story
right that was a good guess no I mean
lights lights Amy Mike don't go your
stag did you see that soon as you saw
that yeah that's good put the coal that
was right just bring it pretty him it's
a secret all right Sydney we got the
lights yo I can't see that right you
can't I'm sorry
is your name Ron no all right guys we
got the lights and uh yo Sydney you're
killing it okay you have Easy's you
caught the lights when I threw it over
my shoulder I pranked you and you didn't
even make a video about me also guys
chat is back what's up how you doing
Jeff I made to do that press skateboard
you might have to call an ambulance for
him every once in a while
that's easy 9-1-1 that's it and if he
says hey don't explain what it is brush
she's gonna learn it's part of the haze
okay yeah I don't think they even know
what that means I don't think we know
what that means yeah we really don't
actually cuz he's lost and confused
whoa back to what I was saying Sydney
you're killing it however and aha every
time you work for somebody you have to
get timed in a 40-yard dash okay you got
a total number one fact about team ten
and I know you know what it is I'm not
even gonna tell you I don't know if
you're not first you're last if you're
not first you're last that is very true
I put myself in a lot of dangerous
situations let's say the time I hung off
the cliff if I was going to England as
my City I was going to fall off the
cliff I would need you to sprint as fast
as you can to come and save me so I have
my stopwatch here I'm gonna need you to
run a bloodshot combat
am i doing it yeah okay cool yes I guess
this is gonna turn into a thing where I
fire Nathan and you every single day
you're all fired
cool okay bye you were never hired honey
you hear no Ashley City I'm super proud
of you I'm not actually firing anybody
because that test was a trick because
you shouldn't just let people boss you
around
you should stick up yourself if you
don't want to do something you don't do
it that's right I don't want anymore see
you can't everything was intact yo kids
right yeah no this is a good day this is
a great day what I was trying to say
before is yo P Sherman 42 Wallaby Way
Sydney Nick hey she has easy - - I don't
know I meant like she's cool anyways um
I'm not you're not cool now that's Nick
he's from the UK he's basically here
oven he just made one line in a song and
it went viral
yeah that's Nick Crompton all those your
mates no okay in England do people say
that all the time
did you know happy guys before tea - all
day Wally's finished one hour later okay
a little bit later right now guys what's
up man
I'm here a jet or putting Sydney to our
final test did you guys take my edit
Florence course and how to become a
vlogger
okay guys everyone meet guys if you want
to become a vlogger all you have to do
is go to excellence calm and I'm gonna
teach you guys how to become social
media famous how to vlog and you can
even potentially join team two in one
day but yo take that I'm gonna have Chad
to run him and act like he's about to
kill me or like Rodney or something and
see how she reacts because everyone in
team ten should know how to defend
everyone else yeah family baby what
happens if she like beat the crap out of
me enough oh that's a good thing
it's a break did you break away oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry
did she break a nail to keep regular
days you broke a nail I've never even
seen a girl jump yourself some of the
hottest merch in the game new year new
backpack guys have you seen them yet oh
my god they're all my favorite
sweatshirt is the status hoodie if you
haven't gotten it yet go right now link
in the description during the strongest
team on YouTube smash that subscribe
button cuz you want to learn how to
become a vlogger and how to do social
media I made a whole entire course on I
go to influence calm right now and
changed all the dreams kids I will see
y'all tomorrow because every day bro
peace Polar's it is all new season of
March guys
fans guanaco backslash take pop get it
while you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on a daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
