hey guys jake paul here i'm working with
Paul packaging today and I was wondering
if you could help me move my box let's
go yo do you think you could give me a
hand just just like really two feet two
feet just like really fast all right
ready
three stick yo don't you say anything
you're gonna be sleeping with the fishes
yo coz you can you help give me a push
just off the sidewalks if you roll all
right you didn't see anything
you
get in there come on don't say anything
get it get it if you say anything you
are next you think yeah oh did nothing
no no no no don't say anything don't say
anything otherwise you'll be next
anything you just give me a hand really
fast just pushing off the side all right
yeah are you give me a hand just stop
push too heavy but did you mind giving
me a hand
you charge you charge by the hour
yeah I charge by the body uh all right
ready three two oh gosh yo you didn't
say anything
all right you're next I swear to god you
think this is a joke huh do you think
you can help me get this off the
sidewalk really fast three two yo
yeah yeah go yo yo yo yo you didn't see
anything
you did not see anything Hey
you might give me a little push off the
sidewalk just really hi I got a 3-2 yeah
oh you didn't see anything okay don't
say anything
high-five
yeah yeah I got you yeah high-five
you're awesome high-five you thank you
here do you mind giving me a hand reach
tip oh don't say anything don't say
anything if you say something you're
next okay you didn't see anything
Appling cops are coming look they're
coming huh
you guys you guys call the beaters no no
way
