SpongeBob's stuck in here I'm not being
silly my friend spongebob is stuck in
here no no I'm not silly I am passionate
about spongebob
please tell spongebob to come out to
come on up all right thanks man he
didn't listen to you though so it didn't
work so can you leave now
yeah all right hey we helped him caught
yeah say spongebob come out please more
enthusiasm and no sorry he didn't come
out but maybe next year hey what will
you guys tell my friends spongebob to
come out please tell him to come out say
it louder like this like spongebob come
on say it louder come on say it louder
it's my best friend you're not gonna
help me out tell spongebob tell
SpongeBob tell spongebob spongebob come
out now here just tell them just just
tell him tell him really fast you know
what I'll remember that yeah well you
tell will you tell my friend spongebob
to come out fudge bar come out you know
that was terrible oh you guys suck
hey SpongeBob's never coming out yeah
you called this stupid house his house
this is not stupid I am very passionate
about spongebob okay spongebob come on
come on punch Bob you gotta come out now
- I was terrible brother Harry he is my
best friend I think need him to come out
or I'll get really emotional but you
think this is a joke bro this isn't a
joke bro why are you doing this to me oh
my god pathetic
my friend SpongeBob's in here he's stuck
will you help me you're not on camera
don't worry I'm not filming you but what
my friend spongebob is on alright bye I
love you too hi wait do you know
spongebob is he's my friend will you
help me get him out please please no
don't leave me here like this I'm
serious come out
he didn't listen now you gotta go again
it's fun but come out come out
Sponge Bob uh yeah that was terrible
sound ayyy spongebob they're taking it
too far
particularly too far like this is just a
prank and then like they took it to the
next level ah there they can hear me
right now yeah I'm not trying to hide it
normally like you guys walk away from me
when I'm doing the prank but like I'm
gonna walk away from you you should yeah
yeah see you buy this pineapple is my
best friend and uh my friend spongebob
stuck in here
