welcome to 2018 maybe another year of
Netflix and chilling another year of
Jake Paul vlogs and another year of
unlimited possibilities we are here this
decade that we're living in is currently
the best time to be alive as a human and
that is a fact however before we get
into 2018 we need to take some time to
reflect on 2017 some of the smartest
people on earth say that reflection is
the number one way to learn and to find
happiness and I couldn't agree more so
without any further ado shall we reflect
Jesus see what I did there
reflect like a mirror actually guys
though there is a ton of stuff for us to
reflect on let's hit it
so good morning Jake Pollard's let's go
chief and put your reflection belts on
and get ready to recap the best damn
year of my life if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul I'm 20 years old
and I keep it lit every single day bro
but yo I think we should start the
reflection here what do you think yeah
in 2017 I bought my 7 million dollar
dream house
but yo that wasn't enough for me so I
installed a mini ramp in the front yard
hired a team to install a basketball
court a 600 gallon fish tank a music
studio turn the gym into an iron
paradise bought a $45,000 bed built a
giant team tent office inside the house
turn to the pool into a we're still
working on the pool but yo Jake hold on
wait wait one second aren't you just
copying the video that Logan just made
100 percent I copied in we're brothers
that's what brothers do he's my biggest
competition in fact he's my only
competition okay so so get used to us
copying each other literally I built
this merger room inside of my house and
then two weeks later all the sudden he
has a mushroom we're the best there is
baby figures to it and while that may be
awfully cocky it's true and like Logan
and Muhammad Ali said it's not bragging
if you could back it up back to it guys
after the house I bought the car of my
dreams the 2018 lamborghini oticon
perform on Tay and us may know him as
Smurfs fire because she spits flames and
I also hit 190 miles per hour in Smurfs
fire what
guys were so close but that still wasn't
enough for your boy I had to get the
other cars of my dreams so I got a Tesla
P 100 D also known as blood shock
I bought a lifted pickup truck a team 10
Sprinter van I bought a giant military
truck that I'm turning into a merch
truck here's a sneak preview of that
uh-huh yeah it's going down then I
bought a regular car and turned it into
rain bro you know I couldn't just buy
myself stuff that's selfish bro so I
bought my dad the Harley of his dreams
for his birthday my mom a Rolex for
Christmas and donated over two hundred
thousand dollars of my own money to
charity that's lit cuz for yo I think
it's time to speed things up a little
bit I got my own billboard in Times
Square one two Teen Choice Awards then
fell onstage at the Teen Choice Awards
then won a Radio Disney Music Awards
source the streets of Los Angeles after
the flood went BASE jumping in Mexico
went to Italy with the squatted jumped
in the Venice canal flew on dozens of
private jets finished up my second and
last season of the Disney Channel so I
could focus more on other acting jobs
went racing in Vegas with Need for Speed
and made it into my first video game
stayed in a $100,000 hotel in Vegas then
got fake married in Vegas hashtag
Jerrica got haunted by a ghost named
Eric bought in a professional MMA match
I almost crashed my Tesla into my house
rode my dirt bike into a pool in a
carpool karaoke session with 21 savage
and we the Jake Pollard's also became
the fastest YouTube channel to grow 10
million subscribers we did it in 317
days grossing over 3 billion views guys
you do the math on that that's like 10
million views per day and the biggest TV
show in Hollywood does like 15 million
in episode one time per week
sorry Hollywood but uh mr. savage and
the Jake callers are dropping bombs on
your old ways why well because
somebody's got to do it but see you guys
all of this is so crazy to me because
four years ago
I was falling asleep in class not
knowing what I was gonna do with my life
see
I have this small belief that life is
about doing what you love with the
people that you love yeah I have all of
these material things and yet I get more
satisfaction out of hanging out with my
friends team 10 on a day-to-day basis
and filming it that's what makes me
happy and so if you two are feeling lost
right now or you don't know what you're
gonna do with your life find something
that makes you happy and go go go go go
I literally think I have one of the best
jobs on the earth and I think a lot of
people will agree with that I get to do
what I want where I want with who I want
and make a lot of money doing it and so
I wanted you guys to be able to do it
too exclusive exclusive so in 2017 guys
I spent hours and hours and hours
developing something I call ed fluence
influence is a course that you guys can
take right now on line how to do social
media secrets tips tricks how to be a
youtuber how to grow your channel all
things that have taken me years to
master you could even potentially be
able to join team ten if you take this
course so if you think you have what it
takes guys go to Ed fluence calm right
now I spent a ton of time in 2017
working on it I'm launching it right now
today the first day of 2018 I'm super
excited to share with you guys go to ed
fluence calm right now
however guys it's time to speed it up
again in 2017 I also got a cute little
puppy named Apollo found the miniature
version of myself and became best
friends with them made a song and music
video in one day called it's everyday
bro and it now has over 170 million
views and got to number two on iTunes
then I remixed the song with my boy
gucci mane then made a country song
about Ohio Fried Chicken and that has
over 50 million views then made a love
song that broke into the Billboard Hot
100 then made a whole entire Christmas
album that turned Christmas into a
litmus the best part about all of this
is that I have never made any music
reform on life like literally lol the
Jake Pollard's are out here cows and
then
I made a song with my boy Jimmy from Ray
Sherman then went on some tour stops and
sold every venue that we went to
including 12,000 people in Hershey
Pennsylvania got haunted by a ghost
playing with the Ouija board got invited
to the White House then slept overnight
in the White House then the Secret
Service came to my house then I started
putting trampolines everywhere I could
think of including the bottom of a
helicopter then spoke at the Forbes 30
under 30 conference because they were so
impressed by my business skills
Forbes wanted to learn about my
number-one goal which is become the
world's first social media billionaire I
want to pave a new path for people on
social media to turn their ceiling
YouTube channels into billions
I talked to Forbes about how I invested
in over 15 startup companies in 2017 and
how we the Jake Poehler sold more
merchandise than any other creator
online and I also told them about the
pop-up shops that we we shut down the
city
you know the pop-up shops got so crazy
it is the hottest merch in the game with
over 175 countries repping Jay Paul
merchandise I truly truly love you guys
and yo since it's a new year it's a new
me and we got two new backpacks for
y'all and Royko back slash Jay Paul
check out these new backpacks 2018 is
gonna be a little Asian I also talked to
Forbes about being the CEO of team 10
the world's first ever social media
label where we have helped dozens of
creators launch and start their careers
and in 2017 team 10 went from 30 million
followers to 70 million followers making
us the strongest team of creators on
line period and that number still stands
even though a few members have left the
team which brings me to my next point
guys because I've been listening all of
the great things but 2017 had a lot of
ups for me but it also had a lot of
downs it started when I made a savage
yet dumb decision to jump on top of a
news van that was trying to interview me
this event along with a few other
mistakes created a ton of bad press
around my name a ton of hate like I had
never gotten before death threats people
were pissed that man Jake Paul has a has
eight and a half million followers on
YouTube as neighbors though say that
he's been filming dangerous stunts and
he's putting people in danger
we're the top 10 reasons Jake Paul is
hated he's the guy you love to hate but
you might not know why well I'm gonna
give you the why these are the 10
reasons not to act like Jake Paul and at
this point guys I was literally banned
from being able to film in my own house
and being a 20 year old that I am I
continue to make more mistakes and
people continued to hate Jake Paul this
is olha from
to deal with it felt like I had a target
on my back and every little tiny mistake
that I did wrong people would criticize
me for and I'm not saying I didn't
deserve it
however it was a lot to go through at 20
years old
and I just continued to get dragged
through the press continued to get hated
on I didn't know what to do I didn't
know how to feel people who didn't even
know me for making assumptions
I felt misunderstood I felt like it was
just a regular kid making stupid
mistakes but everyone in the world was
watching and judging the sad part about
this was that I didn't really have
anyone to go to for advice no one in my
family had ever been in Hollywood before
I wanted to give up but that's what a
coward would do and at the end of the
day you know if what these people are
saying about you is true or not for me
less than one percent of it was true I
had to believe in myself and not in the
hate so instead I took all the
negativity and turned it into fuel and
drank and turned it into fuel and drank
every damn our last bit of fuel and kept
on doing me apologize for my wrongdoings
and and just stayed focused guys because
it's not about how many times you get
knocked down it's about how many times
you get back up baby and the Jake
parlors always get up maybe that's just
how we do it but you see life is hard
and this type of thing wasn't easy to go
through at all but I believe you learn
more from your mistakes than you do from
your wins so that's why I'm so glad that
most of my mistakes
been at the earlier stage of my career
career coach see I'm still making
mistakes guys but I can only go up from
here
however guys sometimes the beauty of
reflecting is leaving the bad things in
the past and that's exactly what I'm
doing but enough with the emotional to
be honest I forgot to mention a couple
of things your boy starred in a YouTube
read TV show and one night I got my
first tattoo and then I got a couple
more
I drove 22 hours at Houston during
hurricane Harvey and helped pull out
over 50 people from their flooded homes
I was over five of y'all's make a wishes
and between Houston and that y'all
seriously changed my life
outlook I played in a celebrity soccer
game and scored a goal then played in a
celebrity basketball game and almost hit
the game-winner look a giant snowboard
park in a backyard and snowboard it off
the roof starred in the YouTube rewind
video which has like 200 million views
drove in a NASCAR race broke into my old
high school and confronted my teachers
and lastly over 2017 I pranked my
friends way more than I should have
roll the clips no that's real your
grandma Paulus yeah this is my worst
nightmare
what a year and the craziest part is I
haven't even told you everything yet the
craziest part is that this year is just
the start for me at 20 years old I feel
like a basketball player in the locker
room who just laced up his shoes hasn't
even warmed up yet hasn't even played
the game yet and I want to thank y'all
because without you guys none of this
would be possible and I cannot thank you
enough for the support and if you have
been already joining the jake paul train
get on now we're going full steam ahead
into 2018
however 2017
was definitely the best damn year of my
life and I'm doing everything I can to
say the same thing in 2018
so I'll see y'all starting tomorrow
because it's everyday bro peace what's
up Jake Pollard's listen guys I want to
be able to give you guys exclusive
updates on merchandise news things I
have going on in my life if you guys
want to be able to communicate with me
text me talk to me do with all of these
amazing things then go to next Jake Paul
me text Jake Paul calm which is gonna
give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatty Deb's every day bro make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
