guys we have a huge problem I just
started a forest fire
I dropped the piece of March and it's so
fire it was about to catch everything on
fire oh my god good morning Jake well
that's good firefighter Paolo important
for dating yes sir yes sir like I said
good morning
take Polish I know I say this a lot guys
but today is a bad day I would start
like listing off the things that are
about to go down today but like that
would be the world's biggest list
however guys if y'all are new here I'm
Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's and welcome to the most lit
youtube channel on the platform yeah if
you didn't see what happened yesterday
guys basically we dumped paint all over
Erica's brother welcome to YouTube JC
and then randomly like I started driving
around like one of the dopest trucks
that I've ever driven
it's alliteration cuz like I said this
is the mostly you tube channel that
there is sorry Nathan after all of that
wife Erica handcuffed me to her dad that
one okay they're good for a walk no yeah
I think Erica's dad is I starting to
like me a lot and speaking of Erica's
dad her dad and her mom are getting
married today like we are at a wedding
right now and uh being the big old shots
that I am I'm finna crashed it however
y'all are almost caught up to speed
put your vlog belts on because you are
now along for this journey it's called
the Jake Paul vlog and allow me to catch
you up to speed just a little bit what I
got a fart bro okay
oh dude I way too much protein powder
know what allow me to catch you guys up
to speed so uh basically guys last night
I couldn't sleep at all maybe because
I'm a savage and savages never sleep but
I never like to be alone like I always
like to have like friends with me and
like team tan and whatever it is and so
if I'm ever awake by myself I changed
that real quick sorry Erica some madness
happened last night roll the clip
Erica erica wake up we gotta go fishing
there's fish that need us don't be mad
at me I'm just this is a vlogger I was
trying to watch Disney Channel but
Buzard work was done and then I started
crying because I'm not on the show
anymore
okay alright so I'm in the hallway now
Eric and I just got a divorce
are you dead yeah I'm selling on eBay
Erica Castells last shirt that she ever
wore smells like chicken guess what I
put your shirt on I'm Erik Acosta
alright just don't move otherwise it's
gonna spill on you good job I got you
some pizza too
I also got you some chicken wings yeah
so basically guys I actually fell asleep
and I woke up the next morning and sent
out a camera team of professionals to
spy on Erica and basically act like a
paparazzi she really hates me and by
professionals I mean meat but yeah check
out this exclusive paparazzi interview
are you working on any exclusive
projects coming out what can we look
forward to in the new year Erica a lot
of people are saying that jake has been
like super loyal to you and that and
that this is not a good way to end the
relationship
thank you for your time Erica I have a
good day I'm literally a paparazzi okay
hold on before we go any further I got
to do this one more time
the wedding festivities are about to
begin Erica buddy yo is this your ready
what buddy yeah I just friends unto you
oh yeah and we're divorced okay cool
this is what you're wearing for the UH
for the wedding
no okay is that what you're wearing for
the wedding yeah that's a good thing
your friends won't be there anyways guys
the wedding festivities are about to
begin yo look at this are you texting
another guys no no the wedding
festivities are about to begin guys
we're currently here at a vineyard check
this out guys there's like Farrell's and
like wedding cakes and stuff like kind
of a weak wedding cake if you asked me
really weak to be honest it literally
looks like a cake that you get at
Walmart it reminds me a lot of Logan's
March however this place is actually
like really cute and your parents are or
getting married they don't know this
could be yes but you're playin you want
to be married
I mean good times when we have our
wedding are we done fighting now no when
we have our wedding I'm gonna make sure
there's so much cake that we don't even
know what to do with it cuz I already
have so much pain
however guys we are at a vineyard and
there's literally nothing here I don't
even know what the vlog Jason what what
do we do buddy I don't know Jake this is
the serenity of home yeah we're
literally in the middle of nowhere guys
it's like 30 degrees out all of Erika's
family like I said all America's family
is here yeah I don't know where this kid
came from me do you know this kid you
don't know this kid nope
okay however we found another place to
vlog and apparently uh Erica's family
doesn't like me I'm getting my ass beat
everywhere I go but back to what I was
saying guys check out all this this
grass and pick there's picnic tables to
it that's that's sick picnic tables are
a good time
nice nice Jake that's you know great
content
Oh yo Jay C man you looking like super
spiffy and Frank oh my god Oh
Erica's little sister so much cooler
than Erica I can actually do that stuff
too you clean the paint off of you from
yesterday yeah no no problem
did you by chance eat breakfast this
morning no that's it you didn't eat
breakfast oh I'm kind of hungry
we should eat
hey boys I guess hey guys there's
nothing to vlog anyways guys know with
the shenanigans back to the wedding
stuff guys I'm here with the broom Dan
groom oh sorry I've only been to one
wedding who's with your daughter wait I
thought that was fake well anyways guys
I just wanted to you know make sure you
know like you could still back out we
can find you another date like I'm
finding Nathan a date right now guys I'm
flying a fan on to Los Angeles by the
way for Nathan guys you want to go on a
date with Nathan just that make a poem
and comment it in the comment section
and you can go on a date with Nathan
last couple of hours as the single yeah
yeah join join in chill chill join it
everyone here is so hostile okay okay
it's okay thank you I appreciate the
help anyways good luck
good luck today and once again I'm sorry
about stinking up your house yesterday
and getting paint all over and get my
house let's go you know I gave Dan the
same option I just want to point out
it's not too late to back out but yeah
I'm just saying if someone gave me the
option to back out of the Jerrica
wedding I would for sure
what let's go Nathan let's go beau the
block was getting high in there I had to
get out I literally always ruin every
moment I'm sorry guys I'm really sorry
the tension was definitely rising and
they were definitely about to beat my
ass however I do know one thing like at
the end of the wedding when they throw
like this the flower over like the the
shoulder I am gonna be the one to catch
that I'm an athlete cause the person who
catches that as the next person to get
married so uh watch out girls and you
already know I'm about to crash this
wedding first step yo Nathan do you know
whose golf cart this is no we should
definitely take it we just take him here
we go this is a bump
Tommy wedding boy however all these like
vineyards and and and and stuff like
reminds me of Italy know when Logan and
I went we were staying with Andy you
know our boy Andy Andy Andy and he
actually married Erica and I the second
time we got married
however guys I'm starting to like you
really like it's starting like literally
right now there everyone's out there oh
they're out there yeah we go oh sorry
guys how you look at you look beautiful
thank you sorry where do I go okay you
know buddy sorry sorry guys hi we're
late
this is awkward sorry Wow they're
probably gonna have to turn that music
down because of copyright issues it's
not a really a vlog double wedding
I don't know why this is outside really
you look beautiful really beautiful are
they playing Erika's song America
this could be us but you're playing
airplane what greater thing for two
people I mean though or joined together
to strengthen each other in labor to
rest on each other in sorrow know each
other in need to share in joy and to be
one with each other and because of this
dirt ring and support we can find you a
day allowing each other the freedom to
change to grow as individual while
developing your mutual spirit as time
goes by in the art of marriage little
things are the big things
your life will be twice as joyous
because you'll share these Joy's in
marriage in the state of true matrimony
will you love him and comfort him
through good times and in bad
hello in sickness and in health honoring
him at all times you may kiss the bride
the first time mr. and mrs. band peer
guys the wedding went great I actually
really do ship dan and Angela it's like
D'Angela
I'm actually really excited because Eric
is about to give her speech oh I think
she's gonna kill me
all right well I guess it's me yeah
honestly the first time I think I've
ever been nervous so thank you all for
being here chain number one to dan angel
Thank You Bay
I remember when you first came into our
New Year's Eve and you're trying to be
really hard to give me to like you know
my mom beats me but you don't want her
you don't want to marry her called you
hair plugs for two years he lies there
no so I mean I never thought that I
didn't grown to like someone you have
done that and I hope one day I can find
something like you guys we're divorced
oh we got is each other buddy Jake get
up come on oh my hand buddy come on you
know Kade left you for McKenzie
apparently Erica hope she can find
somebody like Dan one day let's go back
to LA okay
copy yourself some of the hottest march
in the game guys you know the standard
sweatshirt and the now and forever
sweatshirt are murdering the game
today's the last day of dynamite
December and that means that there's one
more iPhone to giveaway today's iPhone
winner goes to Cooper Reynolds from Iowa
Cooper congratulations bro if y'all want
an eyes one all you have to do is follow
me on Instagram right now adjective was
absolutely amazing but it's time to go
back to Los Angeles and with all that
said I will see you all tomorrow because
it's every day Bruce
take polders it isn't all new season of
merge guys this super fans Waco
backslash take Paul get it while you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me Tex Jake Paul calm which is
gonna give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatty Deb's every day bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
