okay yeah we we should dog take some
squats
I'm Minnie Erica and today is about to
be Danny's done into the game guys oh my
gosh good morning Jake toddlers what is
going on if you guys are new here I'm
Jay Paul you guys are the Jake parlors
and welcome to the most YouTube channel
that there is haha fact talking about
Danny guys this is uh this is Erica's
little sister got tiny she is she's a
Content machine guys I'm in the middle
of a parking lot right now I didn't know
where to intro my vlog because there's
so much going down and it's gonna be
kind of hard to keep up with
uh-huh but but but let me do my best so
basically guys if you didn't see
yesterday's video I flew all the way to
Nashville which is where we are right
now to surprise Erica no idea bro but I
came here for a multitude of reasons you
have nice vocab Jake Paul but actually I
came here for a multitude of reasons
basically uh well first of all today
Erica is having a meet up which we're
about to crash her mom and dad are
getting married and I also came because
I really wanted to hang out with Dani
here like she is actually the doper
version of Erica it's so much fast not
only does my girl have the merch on
blinkin bio but yo Erica can't even do
this and if you think I'm lyin check
this out you look exactly like the
Wendy's logo
however guys we're about to go crazy
today put your vlog belts on it is going
down let me get you caught up just
because some stuff already happened this
morning I was taking a shower and I
started to get a bloody nose I should
take bloody nose gang are you guys bro
I'm bleeding
yo your sister is an animal not only
ashamed you know yeah she's like okay
she's better than you know but if we're
being honest - key to any relationship
however as Erica's mom called me and
yoghurt I get really nervous when the
parents call
I'm good how are you is it it's cool if
I make out with her right yeah yeah yeah
we got Danny here she's a Content
machine okay okay I'll have her home by
10:00
I mean by and of course erica has to get
her makeup done for the meetup because
she's Erica Castel I'm just kidding you
actually look really good thank you
thank you miss you too hi what are you
looking at what's up there Jesus so
Erica just sit here I'm looking
everywhere I'm looking for your
Christmas present that you're supposed
to give me okay she didn't give me a
Christmas present I mean I got you the
best Christmas gift that you could
possibly get the penny bye do you think
that you could expose about Erica she
what how dare you you like two boys at
one time
Erica Costello exposed oh wow and of
course you're getting your hair did
because you're Erica Costello
you know Erica your brother vlogs I make
out with your sister I'm gonna go see
how awkward he really is hey Josh hey I
didn't know my name
who are you is he kind of irrelevant I'm
gonna walk away so I don't
pretty awkward I sensed it from the
moment I met him yeah your brother yeah
he's out there trying to do doughnuts
that was so dope bro
dude you totally like caught air right
there here's the problem he watches your
blogs every single day so does everybody
in the world where do you think he gets
it from where do you think he gets what
from him being a cop what do you mean I
don't I don't do doughnuts I don't ever
do doughnuts yeah guys this meetup is
coming soon and I still haven't met
Erica's dad yet I'm getting kind of
nervous look who decided to show up
Nathan look at me right now just bill
with myself you're Nathan we're back but
somehow I was stranded without you buddy
back to the regular camera in three two
one oh we're back to being a Content
machine baby yo Erica yo what did I tell
you look at this hickeys hickeys oh yeah
yeah he ran into a pole he didn't watch
the body it wasn't that why the right
watch his blogs honey no instead of
doing Erica's makeup you should do his
makeup and cover those piggies up
looking like you got hit with two golf
balls kid hey but uh Erica you're next I
told you I liked him he reminds me of my
17 year old self so you just bought a
g7x out of that good evening this camera
oh this is actually my mom's I stole it
she's logging on an iPhone now I guess
hamsters
let's do it on anything there you go in
the pound right
yo Nathan you know trying to hit this
escalator in a row I'll come in from the
backside
yo this might get out of control
no no oh my god
you know there's only one calendar
that's better than that that Jake
you're back at Erika's house bloody nose
gang Eric I'm bleeding however guys it's
time to meet Erica's dad I'm gonna fix
my notes first but before that guys
apparently Erica got me a Christmas gift
okay we'll see about the nothing really
top what I got her me also I got this
your wiener dog also guys this is Tito
hiya by Tito Oh st. Laurent
he bought me a little horse yo shoes
doll you watch you I don't let oh thank
you
thank you do you not like that honey no
I love them new shoe smell no even I
want them I really want them I'm gonna
wear them right now
or once we're done vlogging or tomorrow
may plummet by tomorrow
well is the first time you bought me
something so no I seriously thank you
thank you
hmm whoa
look if Z gives you that guy three times
you like I'm gonna leave no no no no I'm
about to beat your dad I need your help
she said to put that yo like I'm about
to die or something I'm kidding nervous
bro I'm getting nervous
the through this shoe hey Erica's dad uh
all right I am Jake the Paul see that
blonde chart yeah yeah I'm the blonde
charge one oh hey mr. Castell el costo
yep I wasn't smoking
I was coffee Oh your daughter super hot
super hot yo Brody what's good fam your
daughter just bought me these new shoes
yo it's so good to finally meet you
growing like Erica's told me so many so
many things good things about you and
like you know you're just like you'd
spend it on I
you have a hot daughter hey what are you
doing to my daughter
oh she had she had something stuck in
her she had something stuck in her mouth
uh I was just saving your daughter dude
no you weren't dude no dude what's up
man hi nice to meet you nice to meet you
both Jake Jake Paul Paul Wow stay
following my daughter yeah you could
call it that
okay yeah we we should dock
this is hot this is Nathan by the way
I'm a funny chap but he's a good kid
good kid
dude watch your your boss from time to
time oh you do you know that you're a
jape oh that's pretty cool in it yeah
yeah cool I hear what you said about me
on the blog ah what was that about what
did I say exactly that you weren't
really scared of me
oh saying that I know of a lot it's
crazy in this society that we live in
today mainly um you look a lot like my
dad actually do I yeah cuz we're ball
yeah and he's got a goatee
yeah do me know I was born no I was just
saying like it was like it I mean I get
back to bed I love my dad I got him a
Harley maybe Eric and I are together
okay now we're talking now I didn't get
on my good side
okay she does love goats did you did you
kill guts I've killed I've killed a
stuffed animal
yeah if you bring that damn go to my
house and I have to take care of it you
have problems okay we're gonna have a
lot of problems uh like you got a little
time to grow on me while you're here for
the wedding then they start liking you
yeah you're getting married I know it's
crazy yo you've already been married
though yeah baby daughter glad I'm some
way for my invitation
yeah you just kind of forgot that how
you doing Nathan great cool cool cool so
what's your intentions with my intention
yeah since you've already married her
obviously yeah and I just want to like I
mean if you're not gonna be like
sleeping with her here in the house you
know that right
no okay did you want me to show you
where you're gonna sleep
oh you I've got I've got it worked out
for you if you want me to show you where
you're gonna sleep okay
yeah cool cool yeah
right so you're actually you're kind of
in the house but you're not actually in
the house what yeah it opens right up
you've got your privacy and everything
else what is this this is a tornado
shelter but you got plenty of room and
now I'm sleeping in there yeah I've got
bug pants down and everything else so
the bugs will stay off because any of
the bugs that are down there dead cool
okay so you're good
they won't crawl on you or anything bro
I barely even I don't even I don't even
like like sleep near her at all ya know
ever no to answer your question I think
just like mainly my my intentions are
like to like hold her like a I want like
my like my baby and like just foster her
and and watch her grow up and and buy
her goats and stuff like that and just
like and just like Pat her and like it's
just like my could go yeah I guess my
intentions are that go we should really
be interviewing her
we should your intention with me you
wanna watch football let's go watch
football live coffee shop some of the
hottest perch in the game and of your
sale don't forget 20% off right now go
and get it while you can join the
strongest team on YouTube Spurs that
subscribe button right now today with so
much fun Erica you killed it and with
all that said I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's a new season of merch guys
fans guanaco backslash take pause get it
while you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me Tex Jake Paul calm which is
gonna give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that's easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatty Deb's every day bro make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check see you guys
tomorrow
oops
