there's a lot going down right now
there's a lot that's happened already
guys allow me to get you guys caught up
to speed if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul you guys are the Jake Pollard's and
y'all just became a part of today's vlog
and today's journey let's go but I need
to get you guys caught up to speed
because like I said a lot has already
happened I'm here with my family right
now say hi guys fuck you but
unfortunately guys I have to leave my
family because today is my last day in
Ohio I'm going on a mission to surprise
my BAE in Tennessee but hold on guys we
need to spice things up a little bit yo
mom catch Jesus Christ
however guys if you didn't see what
happened yesterday my mom woke me up
with a leaf blower I did she woke me up
what what do you guys want okay look
guys there's a lot going down people
yesterday as well I killed some snowmen
are you a mom yes I am so you guys even
moms can be Jake Walters to you know
tell your parents kids to join the Jake
Tyler squad what's up bro turnout guys
I'm still getting you caught up to speed
this morning I played a little prank on
my friend Jake ballers print is sleeping
right now and this is called the machine
con hotel room I don't know what I'm
saying
wake up prank give him a preview
honey now you would've died bro you
would have been dead bro well good
morning chick phones apparently Connor
wants to die I don't even know what's
going down right now put your blocks
outside because it is another day of Lit
venturing cuz ha ha I stayed waking
people up cuz and then guys we're still
at the water park and I was like
vlogging I couldn't help but notice some
like really weird two zebras that I'm
staring at right now why are there
zebras here in Ohio hey are you from the
Madagascar movie excuse me oh he sees me
hey buddy
yo I don't know why there's two zebras
in Ohio look Ohio is weird cuz it
produced two of the biggest churches
online too as well me and Logan hi Logan
but then we started to make our way back
from the water park to our help hello hi
we started to make our way back home
from the water park and we're driving
and being the ohio chachi's that we are
my friends I got into a little scuffle
in the middle of the road we have too
much testosterone like it's in people's
Bloods that are born in Ohio like I've
missed in your gas tank yesterday what
with them guys after my friends were
done fighting I finally made it home my
dysfunctional family who said hi to you
guys earlier they were on one when I got
home this was the most dysfunctional I
had seen them like in my whole entire
life mom who are all these people oh I
know I know we have to introduce them
into the Jake Paula's okay okay guys
this is Taylor Allie who you have a
boyfriend here somewhere right
oh hey Sydney's in the house um and this
is this is your boyfriend as well yo
everyone's got boyfriend's why is he so
tall
Matt's in the building aunt Shannon's in
the building Callie's in the building yo
you're going shopping I need to blow up
myself you see I would give you your
camera back but uh you're not a vlogger
yeah you're you're you're a nurse
actually and actually need this because
all my cameraman they're like gone there
was a 12 year old it was Anthony Nathan
left me I'm screwed
I need this camera honey no I mean no
honey no all right kids we're getting in
the Sham ban what did you say in the
champagne
oh so guys my aunt's name is Shannon and
apparently she has a Shan van you're
taking my stuff cool cool cool
no I'm give me my back Jesus it's one
big dysfunctional family all right let's
get in the champagne so we got into the
champagne and came to this like shopping
center guys this is the shopping center
where I used to like hang out with my
best friends this is where I met Anthony
but guys you are now all caught up to
speed put your vlog belts on like I said
if you're new here I'm Jake Hall you
guys are the Jake Pollard's and we have
a big big big day ahead of us basically
guys you know wife Erica she is in
Tennessee right now and I didn't get her
anything for Christmas or did I
no I've been leaving her hints as to
what I'm getting her for Christmas and
it's me I kept on telling her that she's
gonna get me for Christmas it's me I
don't think she knew exactly what I
meant but I was giving her a lot of
hints like that and although it's a
couple days after Christmas it's still
kind of counts because I had to spend
time with my family for Christmas yeah
and although it's a couple days after
Christmas it still counts because I had
to get my mom a Rolex on Christmas and
then I'm going to Tennessee and also
Erica's mom is getting married yo so I'm
gonna crush this furthermore guys Oh
furthermore Jake did you drop out of
high school yeah furthermore Erica's dad
is gonna be there so uh yo I think I'm
gonna have a sit-down conversation with
Erica's dad because you know I'm like
with his daughter and like huh you know
you got a walk to the door mmm
whoever guy since I am going to surprise
Erica she has no idea first of all but
second of all I needed to bring her a
gift and I think it'd be a perfect thing
to bring her me a goat
y'all got goats penny now y'all got
goats honey now do you guys have goats
here I mean though if you guys don't
know Erica loves goats and the last go I
got her actually killed
that means yeah well so is killing a
fuck no man and also if you noticed my
mom is wearing my coat because it's like
five degrees here in Ohio yeah but I'm
also really warm too because I got the
hottest warmest dopest March in the game
so we're at this bookstore trying to
find a go they have everything except a
goat however guys there is one thing
that I want to do you just burp
however guys there is one more thing
that I want to do before I leave Ohio
and that is to turn the Shan man into
the gym two trays under the back tires
guys are you ready
at the airport now goodbye Pam stirrers
bye Kelly hi aunt Shannon bye sorry if I
broke the Sham ban but yo it's Jerrica
time rope and guys I said goodbye to
chance and Anthony as well earlier hi
Anthony
tell your hot sister in there I said hi
by chance see you in LA don't worry
yeah I'm gonna see them in LA but yo
it's Jerrica time even though it's
Jerrica time
i'm going to miss my time spent in ohio
hanging out with family giving a rolex
to my mom watching my brother give my
dad a new truck trying to get my
divorced parents to kiss again it's
always good to go back to your roots
however guys all good things must come
to an end and you know I was looking at
Eric on Instagram and she was looking
pretty hot so I had to go see her so
without any further ado it's time to
surprise her it's time to surprise Erica
guy finally landed here in a Nashville
Tennessee and yo she still has no idea
that I'm coming this getting super late
here and since we are in Tennessee I
think it's time for a bad pick-up line
hey baby are you from Tennessee because
you're the only ten I see
however guys we are here at Erica's
house right now yo check this out check
this out
I'm about to go inside however I do want
to thank Kelly behind the camera say hi
Kelly
yo how's it going guys she's been my
inside person for this whole entire
thing helping me set it up and now she
is filming me surprise Erica it feels so
good to have a videographer bro Nathan
you're extremely fired now but guys I'm
like actually getting so nervous because
well hope this is an amazing Christmas
gift for Erica and I haven't seen her in
like ten days and and it's been like
lonely without her and she makes me so
happy and I love what when she smiles
and so hopefully I can make her smile
then but with the emotional shake if I
meet any of your family members I don't
want to mess it up I'm just gonna be
like hey I'm Jake and I make out with
your daughter sometimes oh that's cute
the emotional cute couple goal music and
surprise Erica hi hi I'm Jake what is
doing
Oh
her brother jay-z her brother her
birthday JC yes of course I was there by
the guy no G Jerrica for life
come on man that's her brother yeah it's
it's brother oh yeah her bro what like a
large other yeah I know come on uh wow I
guess that's two double use because one
it's a brother and now I don't have to
kill that guy and and two it's also a
lot better clickbait hand thumb no
because I can say I caught Erica with
another guy yeah exactly
to it are you from Tennessee because
you're the only ten I see
I said don't look did you know we have
this play in the entire time Jay oh my
god
you got a dog oh my god it's right Merry
Christmas
you got me yo Jake ballers it works I
thought I'm gonna happen
no okay I thought I was gonna have to
beat your brother's ass cuz I walk in
here I hear a guy talking I'm like yo I
was gonna be try I thought it was
another guy it make it worse you know
cop yourself so my hottest words in the
game fans right now Co backslash Jake
pause I'm in Tennessee uh about to crash
your mom's wedding oh I'm gonna be your
date to the wedding I thought you was
your date man no I'm so excited to meet
the rest of your family and yo Jake
ballers doing the strongest team on you
do smash that subscribe button and I oh
yeah yeah America cheats on Jake
hold it guys we're gonna give a
thumbnail smash that subscribe but now
I'll see y'all tomorrow because it's
everyday bro push
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is going to give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on a daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow oops
