we're going to the guys listen up if you
don't know already I'm Jake Paul but yo
yeah I have a question for you guys and
I hope y'all have an answer for me what
would you do with your life if you knew
you only had one more day left to live
Oh big question guys I'm gonna let you
sit there and think about your answer to
that question but yo today you can watch
my answer to that question because today
today and every day but most importantly
today right now I'm living my life like
it's my last day to live and the Jake
Pollard's already know that and if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
are the Jake callers and we live our
lives to the fullest every single day
bro so buckle up
put your vlog belts on and get ready for
this rollercoaster ride
hey yo good morning Jake Pollard's West
Buchi
speaking of Gucci I got my Gucci shoes
on so you already know it's about to be
alliteration cars oh my god I'm drilling
I'm drilling not only am i drooling with
Gucci shoes on but I also got my Moncler
jacket on cuz my club yeah yeah but
actually though let me get you guys
caught up the street whoa
I just noticed how good this lighting is
hold on pose selfie cute mom guys my mom
pranked me this morning you're out of
your mind no you brought me a bagel you
brought me a bagel and macaroni cheese
but she actually did prank me this
morning roll the clip fake ballers I
only have a little bit of time left to
do this I'm gonna prank Jake keep this
going and he's been sleeping all morning
long it is like Rolex like 12:30 so I am
going to prank him bad
look what you did mom you're actually
crazy but I don't think the fire alarm
was going off because of the smoke from
the leaf blower I think the fire alarm
was going off because I got the hottest
most fire softest March in the game
you're the merge set off the fire alarm
for sure goes Android code backslash get
it why
however guys I am kind of sad because
last night Logan left me so I had to say
goodbye bye Logan bye Jake
goodbye I'll see you back in LA where
we're about to take over Hollywood join
the movement kids and guys speaking of
Los Angeles I'm really starting to miss
everybody at the team town house and
especially Erica like I haven't seen her
in so long yeah I might go uh I might go
see her but yo I need to take care of
something
hey guys it's 363 days until Christmas
okay please take down your Christmas
lights oh my gosh look at that I told
you I'm living every day like it's my
last guys what would you do in this
situation
but guys I'm telling you you're not
gonna believe what we're doing today but
before we get into all that if you
didn't see yesterday basically my
brother bought my dad a truck for
Christmas
no way and then I woke my brother up
with some firecrackers I had to do the
firecracker thing it's dynamite December
bro everything's dynamite blowing up cuz
and so now you guys are almost all
caught up to speed however I need to
explain to you guys what we're doing
today a little bit of a story time
put your vlog belts on guys you are now
locked in for this amazing journey I
forgot one thing guys I did eat the
bagels that my mom brought me with the
jibber-jabber already guys basically
last night anthony chance and i were
sitting in this car and the plan was for
us to go to roman Atwoods house if y'all
know no roman this is what he looks like
he has a lot of subscribers on YouTube
and he lives in Ohio and when we went
there last year we jumped a limo
he got a row man and so I was like yo we
need to go back and do some more lint
stuff the conversation didn't really go
well roll the clip we need to go to
Roman Atwoods house right now you got it
bro two-hour drive right now
bro we got to go he wants us to collab
dude I can't and we're already driving
we might as well just go why I can't why
family family I'm not going to Roman's
by myself without a camera man yeah it's
gotta do it like why wouldn't you want
to go to Roman's house and blow some
stuff up or something but you know I had
to respect their decision they didn't
want to go so being the Savage I am
being the number one YouTube family that
we are I had to come up with a better
idea and oh boy did I come up with the
better idea
get in loser we're going on an adventure
but I look sexy right now close look at
that are you ready for this adventure
means your hot sister inside is she in
there no no no damn it so guys we are
ready to go on this litter that's though
we're going to pick out the rest of the
squad guys we have a bunch of Ohio day1
farm boys that were there from the start
of my vine career and we're all going on
this litva except we have a couple of
problems number one vines dead rest in
peace code number two I have this giant
pimple on my forehead guys Andy is back
kinda another third problem is our fuel
level is low guys Jay Paul you are a
very wealthy man but for some reason you
do not like to put gas in the tank all I
heard was you're a very wealthy man so
now do we do well I dropped out of high
school but I do know that the liquids in
my body fuel the biggest savage in the
world me me that they feel me
and so the liquids in my body should be
able to feel some you know little mom
car what do you mean I'm gonna piss in
the gas tank yeah it's good we need a
lot we need a lot of gas well fire up
the pores
sweet baby Jesus please come with us
today I know some of the day ones showed
up here at the gas is you guys this is
Billy
you might remember but yo my boy you've
got the merch on mandroid no sighs Oh
Aladdin's got it too cuz and guys bros
got bros and so you know my mom got me
bagels and mac and cheese like you guys
heard and then i just acted like I gave
the mac and cheese to Anthony so really
my mom got it for you but I still
brought it to you Babu okay so we got
Conor black out Marlene we got Billy
Murch man Alda I know don't throw
snowballs
we got chance poopy pants son we got
Anthony hot sister Trujillo and we got
any Slav man Slavic what's good all the
day ones in the car guys every good trip
needs an ox core guys we gotta bump
these Christmas jams you know what I'm
saying yeah I mean though guys we can't
find aux cords anywhere we might have to
check in the back
delegate aux cords back here shoutout
you want a shout-out Oh mom is that you
you look so much like my mom we're to
live with the good news is is that
blackout whirling got an aux cord BAM no
yeah we can't even use the aux cord we
can't use it no one has the adapter for
the new iPhones guys look at you need
that adapter a little licky licky licky
habibi thing or whatever it's called
well boys there's only one thing you can
do when you don't have an ox plastic
it's everyday bricks it's always over
there we go got it dance I make money
moves if I see you now street that means
i'll gootchie gootchie gootchie gootchie
gootchie guys I had I had an adapter the
whole time
we're going to the largest water park in
the world
look at how big that slide is made it
inside guys
yo it's about to go down this is just a
room right now we got this dolt fans we
got this girl and it looks like she has
the same lips as Erika hi Erika
we got a fireplace or is that March I
don't know we got chance going to the
bathroom per usual you gotta go guys we
got a hot tub but there's no water in
the hot tub and y'all know that every
single time I'm in like a hotel room
guys I like to make bad jokes just like
terrible jokes but they're still kind of
funny because they're so bad starting
off you know Billy you know that I adore
you right hey Billy your mom really
turns me on you're a pony friend
no but seriously Billy I can really
picture your mom and I together actually
but actually though Billy your mom and I
are hanging out tomorrow night I'm sorry
I'm really sorry I am but your mom is
just so but enough with the bad jokes
boys because it's it's oh you said it's
everything okay yeah cool but no it's
water park
guys were about to hit this right now
we're having so much fun but chance the
water because of his surgery did you
remember the last time he went the water
oh he busted his eardrum I had to get
surgery and then like was all drugged up
we're about to hit this toilet bowl
I'm gonna get a picture of you guys
he'll counter by 3 2 1 stay still
alright ready captain
you guys know I was gonna oh my girls
got the March hi girls hey oh those
slides were lit BAM if you haven't
joined the strongest team on YouTube
already cop yourselves on my hottest
merch in the game pants when I got back
to that shape all new winter light now
available get it before it runs off but
guys today's iPhone winner goes to
Xavier Bennet congratulations Xavier and
if you guys want an iPhone all you guys
got to do is follow me on instagram at
jake paul and I will see y'all tomorrow
because every day
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
poof
