to make it happen okay I want you to
smash that subscribe button but here's
why I'm going to smash my Lamborghini
windshield if this gets six point seven
million views cuz you're probably
thinking Jake what are you doing and the
answer to that question is I am what
what is going on welcome to my life if
you guys are new here I'm Jake Paul you
guys are the Jake ballers and this is
the most lit YouTube channel on YouTube
okay not bad so put your blog outside
and get ready for today's rollercoaster
ride yo but for real though hashtag rude
that's like I'm vlogging here guys the
thrill is sorry Jake pullers everywhere
it's like mosquitos in Ohio the point is
guys we are the ones that YouTube
channel selfie it's another day of
smiling it's another day of dabbing on
them haters it's another day of vlogging
so guys today's video has to do with
Lamborghinis now as you can see by the
title if this video gets six point seven
million views I'm smashing my
Lamborghini window literally gonna
destroy it I did it to Justin's Ferrari
and I'm not afraid to do it to my Lambo
I'm gonna explain why in just a second
because you're probably wondering why I
would destroy my Lamborghini but first I
gotta buy some sunglasses because you
know I saw the fan out there that Jake
Paula she had some sunglasses on I tried
to steal them Loki so I gotta buy my own
sunglasses I was feeling the vibe how
are these I feel like they scream like
sweet yeah yeah
but is it too aggressive is it too like
the little potentially shoot lasers out
like that yeah you look very futuristic
Jake
you gotta hit with me like this come on
you got it I'm not buying this
sunglasses unless you do it you're gonna
get a sunglass sale because of this
dance here and you're gonna be the
filmer you got to have a pair too bro
come on pick out a pair and make it sexy
I don't want anything that's normal this
is fierce Nathan try those on No
okay no I think this is Han that's my
visa that's it let's get it we're
checking out I've spotted at J Palmer
yeah what kind of glasses are those I
knew it those are proud of The Devil
Wears Prada Nathan is the devil look at
them yo where you take ten pictures
cause team ten look I'll even throw
these on look it ready hey buck who
showed up to the party watch out let's
go jerrika takes New York
as today is a good day I want to make
sure you guys are smiling I want to make
sure you're dabbing on them haters I
want to make sure you guys are chasing
your dreams chasing your goals and I
want to make sure most importantly that
you're shooting lasers that random
people where are you going okay so
apparently Erica left us we're doing a
lot of big business you already know and
you're also probably wondering who I am
like so dressed up Olay because I don't
want the fashion man to come and hit me
in the head with a baseball bat
fashion man is a real superhero he will
find you if you have bad fast y'all are
in trouble those bats are hit cool the
point is guys woke up this morning and
had to do like a big speech at this
business event it went pretty good check
it hold on
so basically that's why I am all dressed
up guys like check out the fit cuz you
already know I'm out here for y'all this
is called blending in
I kicked out it's all good though we're
on a random mission guys there's so much
fun stuff here in New York dough so life
I don't know what we're gonna find
I found this it literally turned into a
meeting actually they'll go to fanboys
octo backslash your mom
backslash your mom fans where that Co
backslash your mom
I'm here for the kids
are you okay si fan
where you're from the UK yeah that's
awkward
excuse me what do you think about Logan
Paul oh okay all right
oh that there it is Jake I'm not another
one
yes Jake Palmer yeah get up kid
excuse me - um Jake Palmer
it was at this moment that he knew throw
fry throw fry bro I think we walked too
far
why do you whine you see oh I think it's
taken us to Jersey I guess we're going
to Jersey no we don't have to we can go
back no no Jake Jake no no Jake Jake no
this isn't a good Frogger game j
where is it going - sir sorry sir
sorry told Hank I told you I told you I
told you
take oh all right yeah oh here's it yeah
thank you sir thank you wow that was
quite the adventure all right quite the
adventure here's the thing we have been
murdering it all day New York City
Nathan I just did a photo shoot it got
late Eric and I are about to go on a
date Oh hashtags Erica we come up with a
new shit name by the way can it be like
Eric no sorry
Oh George George as a matter of fact I'm
out here killing the game laser killing
the game and killing things guys
windshields that was a weird transition
really had nothing to do with anything
but title the video is if this video
gets six point seven million views on
YouTube then I am going to smash my
Lamborghini windshield and I know what
you're thinking this get six point seven
million views I'm smashing my
Lamborghini windshield so you think he's
doing more views than that no no six
point seven is a very fair number guys I
want you to watch this video twice I
want you to watch this video nine times
I want you to tell your friends to make
it happen okay I want you to smash the
subscribe button but here's why I'm
going to smash my Lamborghini windshield
if this gets six point seven million
views cuz you're probably thinking Jake
what are you doing and the answer to
that question is I don't know what I'm
doing I am on a mission in my life to do
every single thing that hasn't been done
on earth before and that's the everyday
bro movement like I want to do things
that no one's ever done I want to be the
impossible so I smashed a Ferrari
windshield you saw that and now I think
it's time to smash the Lamborghini
windshield I have a Lamborghini I just
really think it'd be fun know I like to
break things now I need a weapon of
choice I'm gonna break this guy's that
this is water yeah I don't think other
glasses want you guys to comment below
what you think I should break the Lambo
with like if you think it's glass like I
do your high heels
yeah I could see it now and at this
point I'm just rambling guys cup
yourself still my house merch in the
game fans Royko backslash your mom's
here
join the everyday bro movement smash
that subscribe button join the family
and I like I've said before guys the
merch is the hottest merchants in the
game
I walk into other stores I'm like yo
what are these brands doing I'm like
this I walk into the store and I'm like
gotta go so I go get a status right sure
it's my favorite sweater in the game and
I will see y'all tomorrow for another
crazy day and everyday bro Thank You
Erica
but it's my mom please join the everyday
Pro movement people and count yourself
some of the hottest urged in the game go
right now because the take collars sell
everything out and smash those grandpa
and then join the most let YouTube
channel on YouTube I'll see you all
tomorrow
