are we closing on the truck my dad still
has even looked at he's too distracted
by everything else guys oh my god good
morning put your block belts on because
it's going down today guys I'm telling
you Logan is asleep inside right now
I have firecrackers but hold on a lot of
for we get into all of that
Merry Christmas first of all it's
Christmas Day instead of today being a
Christmas I'm turning this into a man
miss because I'm currently at my dad's
house guys and we do manly here look at
the school bus and the reason why it's
also a madness is because I think my
brother Logan is buying my dad a truck
legitimately like a $100,000 truck today
so here's a flash forward to that
doesn't even looked at in the students
acted by everything else guys oh my god
what now you guys are back with me
welcome to a man miss welcome to a
Christmas welcome to a litmus there's
all types of Christmases but yo it's
about to go down guys another day in a
ha
guys because my dad has no idea about
the truck thing yes we can't even talk
about it firecrackers lighter Greg Paul
the filmer merry man miss if this ruins
my carpet you buying me new carpet
but actually you guys good morning Jake
pause what is Gucci if you are new here
I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Polar's and it is lit every single day
brah welcome to my life and I wasn't
lying when I told y'all it was gonna be
a dynamite December this month cuz
literally dynamite
haha don't know though it's Christmas
morning baby but we have such like a
dysfunctional family that like I'm my
dad's side we really don't even like
celebrate Christmas I didn't get him
anything I don't think he got me
anything I got him a Harley first
birthday so that was dope TVs in the
house but guys it's a man miss you're
gonna see some manly job today what the
manliness started last night when I try
to teach Logan how to drift a lot Logan
with this he doesn't really know how to
do donuts let's see how this goes okay
Paul okay yes
so manly cut and we are so manly that we
don't even have a Christmas tree guys
dad why don't we have a Christmas tree
what hand three Christmas trees but I
gave them that the families that were
less fortunate
oh you're lying definitely lie no I only
chew it's true still lying no we should
actually go going down no if we go get a
tree tomorrow we get a better price on
it but better price on it better price
but actually as we don't have a
Christmas tree there is normally a
Christmas tree right here guys and you
may remember this area as like one of
the most famous vines that Logan and I
ever filmed Logan it's Christmas we
should remake the vine we made on
Christmas a while back what do you guys
think do we have doors to break what do
you mean cuz we got doors the break
right yeah the doors did break I well
I'm trying to recreate that vine but yo
shout out to my boy Santa because he
answered your guys's requests this
morning I wake up to so many tags
photoes on instagram tweets of jake
Pollard's going crazy because I got the
March from our boys
hey y'all got boots for Christmas
welcome to the strongest family on
YouTube and if you didn't get much for
Christmas well it's not too late guys
because you probably got money for
Christmas and we're doing an end-of-year
sale right now oh that's relax let's
check ball you guys are gonna get some
deals right now you already know what it
is during the strongest team on YouTube
dynamite December look at this is my
first Christmas present yo dad you
hugged me didn't trap any of them
dysfunctional dysfunctional mister he's
coming down the driveway looks like
they're invading our man miss hmm you
should kill him down down for sure
where's guys are supposed to be opening
gifts you do it you all you are you are
you are you are nothing that's yo this
Christmas is great and everything but I
do want to start off by actually doing
some gifts so dad I got you a gift
actually
we almost killed you though by the way
with snow so dad just stand by the mouse
traps and I'm gonna set up the camera
and bring you the gift okay oh my god
you're gonna wish what
I got this here away protein as any man
knows protein is the first step to being
a man so it's there's no four man mess
we make that anyways guys I didn't get
anyone a gift so so what do you guys
want to do now I think this is the setup
for Logan to go and surprise my dad with
this brand-new Ford Raptor when so dope
about it is that this truck matches the
color of the Harley guys but yo check
out my room fam check out my room this
is like half of where I grew up and
spent my time as a kid look at this TV
guys this used to be my old dog his name
was do G really miss in California who
really have I got this shovel and I
really don't need this TV anymore but
actually though I used to like the
Falcons I got a deer in my room his name
is Jack say what's up jack but also guys
check out this backyard this is where
we're like we would always get into like
trouble and do like really dumb stuff
and where we like started to first do
stunts when we were growing up and
there's always deer back here as well
guys
as a matter of fact so idea yesterday
and trying to chase it okay I've spotted
four deer in the back of Greg Paul's
house let's get a closer look boys on
the loose
get back here Bambi shut up I'm
recreating this vine in my own version
right now jack
Jake hey guys yo Logan is about to
surprise dad with the Raptor that he
bought him guys I'm looking at the truck
right now oh my god it is sick
Logan forgot to get the key from his
best friend Mac to be able to give it to
my dad so I'm coming to pick up the key
right now guys and get it for Logan so
that he can surprise him with the key yo
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
oh my god yo we'll get into that in a
second the distraction is that we're
doing this like thing that we do every
Christmas we're just pulling a sled
behind a truck and so we're gonna have
our dad pull us all the way down the
street to this neighborhood we're best
friend Mac is parked with his brand-new
whip he's gonna have a Harley and a
truck man miss guys it is freezing
outside I got my candy sweatshirt to
keep me warm but yells you wagon with a
sled at the back of it cuz I don't even
move the cold-weather gear you guys do
we'll just go back and shake ball and
get off your warm winter just get all
your warm winter apparel baby Logan and
the Gregg haulers are going on the sled
first which leaves me as the driver I
won't kill you guys maybe you guys ready
okay Logan and my dad are getting on the
slider right now I'm driving them to the
cul-de-sac where the brand new truck is
guys I'm so proud of my brother I'm so
proud of everyone in the low gang for
supporting him and making this possible
and my dad has no idea here we go
we welcome back our we're closing it on
the truck my dad still hasn't even
looked at it was too distracted by
everything else guys oh my god Oh Merry
Christmas dad
oh no way yeah so Logan got my dad a
truck I was in on it for a day
Merry Christmas dad is a frog literation
okay and it matches the Harley cuz got
to do a bro we're doing good we're doing
good I still don't get you anything
though dad
Phil a man miss nope so guys there's a
little bit harder for me to like get a
vlog done cuz I had to help Logan with
this all day we don't check out how dope
that thing is I'm so proud of my dad and
my brother
it is alliteration fam I'm in the follow
car I always get left out I feel like a
unbelievable dude this is crazy
well you know that in in Ford trucks run
forever T oh my gosh this is crazy I'm
freaking out this is not I know I said
that a million times
yeah
it's a madness okay I kind of need to
teach him how I'll be over here guys you
guys have fun don't have too much
having a cameraman to hiring a 12 year
old cameraman to my dad being the
cameraman to me yeah you guys look dope
alright enough with that guys there's
one more thing that I need to do today
and now that we have my dad's truck this
is possible because it might go
completely wrong there's a local pond on
the street that we grew up at and this
whole entire time during this trip I've
been saying to myself that I want to go
and take this car through the pun I told
y'all it was a litmus Wow
what's going down our Christmas has gone
wrong I'm guessing somebody called the
cops on us for being too late' to at a
time
look at this I don't know what's
happening I think they might get
arrested but um you know yeah I'm not
the one getting pulled over I'm chillin
over here so bye guys I deal with it but
y'all I'm still trying to go through
this pond this is the pond right here
I'm trying to drive it into the pond cuz
you look at how deep this thing is bro I
just created this mud pit what there you
go Jake there you go you need Jesus oh
my god oh my god he can't even get out
of this you can't get in the pond you
destroyed this goodbye Jake you know
what he sometimes does dump things but
he's my brother so I supported the house
madness is it going well however this
did bring something up that I think we
need to all talk about we sit down at
the table over here guys I got you a
Harley Logan got you a truck yes she did
very nice charlie
police say the truck was $80,000 always
a Harley like 20 no it's like it's
economics ability 60 okay all right I'm
still 20 thousand ahead so may have
factors into me being a favorite son
yeah absolutely
now when you say that what do you mean
normally you don't have a favorite son
okay Oh Jake bought me a Harley you
questions Raptor so today
solo the favorite guys don't forget
about the end of your sale get the
hottest part of the game cotton candy
look how fluffy daddy's cuz fans react
callbacks that's a boy yall already know
and after all you have to do is scream
head chick Paul you're running out of
time guys who wants an iPhone I do and I
will see y'all tomorrow for another day
of dynamite December because everyday
bro peace
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
