oh I do believe I do know that
wake up man you gotta open the gift
thing up for you
time to make December all right
seriously get up though I got your gift
right here you can't see it though it's
actually Christmas Day bro and if you're
new here I'm Jake Paul y'all are the
Jake colors and it is alliteration on
this channel every single day whoa
hashtag fax and I'm actually nervous and
excited because there's a couple of
weeks ago as you loyal Jake polish saw I
bought my mom the day it's my big day my
mouth looks like a ball butthole anyways
I don't know what my mom's reaction is
going to be like I love her so much
and like she deserves this gift she's
been like the best mom in the world I
mean for the most part but she's a
vlogger I mean what other mom's vlog and
also just to point out I'm such a big
choch that I'm just like standing out
here in my boxers in like red shoes
because it's Christmas and a sweatshirt
with these uh flashy sunglasses on
hashtag America and some people would
say Jake those glasses are the glasses
that you wear on the fourth of July and
I say I do whatever I want cuz who gonna
stop me huh however y'all ain't caught
up to speed yet yesterday as well as
last night Oh who's the trigger touch
I'm the bigger touch what you think
you're a touch me up did you get my mama
Rolex I did in fact I got her $10,000
cash I'm gonna make it right now mom
Hogan Khan can't actually run away bro
cuz I'm still selling them on eBay yeah
no no it's happening guys if you didn't
see yesterday's vlog I actually put Kong
on eBay I'm trying to sell him guys
there he is looking you doing and also
yesterday uh Logan tried to kill me with
a vacuum
I'm about 15 million all right beside me
because I'm not the head I'm about to
have four billion views cuz oh you know
how many views that is four billion just
literally four billion but before
brother Paul interrupts me what I was
trying to say is check out this
Christmas tree cuz we got presents
everywhere and I just want to point out
guys I just want to make an announcement
for Grandma Joe for the family for
anybody who cares if you've got me a
present
and it isn't a Lamborghini or bagels
just don't give me that yeah cool I'm
just playing guys it's the thought that
counts on Christmas truly it is wrong
but I did tell my friends parents and
brothers yeah there's more than one
brother I told him not to give me any
Christmas gifts because it's like slim
jim said in our song together my Santa
don't deliver it and that's a fact cuz
verifiable sorry guys we're getting
sidetracked a little bit I have a TD
what a butterfly what I was trying to
say is that y'all aren't caught up to
speed yet last night guys I was really
hungry and my brother and I went to the
movies together
oh and per usual we turned the situation
into a little so I just had to do the
step roll the clip Oh get your beat so
we got a movie to watch around you
you know just so you know like you
didn't have to buy pizza then come two
feet like they sell pizzas no where did
this come from
inside just to rent a car it's a rental
okay also watch out from the back come
on okay this is really bad no game
colors yeah Logan Paul we love you too
guys please please don't hurt yourselves
okay we do have the strongest team on
YouTube I told you guys this everyday
but bye guys bye okay we turn the
situation into it lit you agent guy the
Jake ballers are the strongest team on
YouTube we smash that subscribe button
right now and join the team
y'all are caught up to speed now camera
flare hello however guys we actually
have a problem so I called in the most
lethal problem solver I know the
pastor's that's me I didn't get Logan
anything for Christmas he normally never
gets me anything and I normally get him
something back but this year I just
didn't get him anything because it's
like you know what like he can buy
himself if Santa don't deliver it so I'm
actually going to give him the best gift
that anybody can get on Christmas which
is Jay Paul marks right here however
this is actually my merch so I'm gonna
give it to him and then take it back
this is my favorite one and I just love
it well yeah probably should have done
this like a while ago we're literally
opening gifts like now - 10 minutes ago
yeah it's gonna do cuz there's one day I
come today where does that connect
laughing we got iPhones for days cuz
well you also got to do is follow
minutes you're a man Jay Paul and you
could win are you excited for the
Christmas gift I got you yeah everybody
else girls and I don't blonde chach from
blind touch her sibling goals first give
me openness for kong-kong hello buddy
I'm so sorry I'm sorry yo who who got
this is your this is your gift yo Apollo
buddy if you're watching this I know
you're in training camp right now but I
will never put you in an outfit yeah
holla you don't have to wear these
follows too much of a beast song I'm
sorry buddy if you want to join team ten
I'll have a contract ready for you and
I'll just take that off it off sorry
Logan
we go any further well you know with the
presents there's one give a good speech
Christmastime is all about family it's
all about selling a lot of March because
everyone's wanting to been asking for
Christmas Logan is right I shouldn't
have done a speech all right guys this
is for a Paula oh you know what this is
look what she got calm dude they're
matching bro what are you going the same
I'll just like how do you decide what
dog is what not a letter behave your
chairs this is going good Mama's upset
that we law women can I just here to
enjoy my like fine they don't have
anything to do right just chill come
home drama if I want to check drama let
out your feeling let out your feelings
let out your feelings bro I just like
she's locked yeah let it out yeah open
them all you on bro JAMA yo let's
backtrack a little bit guys aren't we
supposed to open the stockings first
isn't that how Christmas works what's in
the stocking what did this dog is yo not
a Lambo not a Lambo definitely not a
Lambo yo bill can you see this bro no
man was there it's the thought that
counts
obviously Moo saying but I say it's the
thought that counts cuz I love that
there was something else in the stocking
that I am very very appreciative of
thank you grandma Joe
yo this is this is what I'm talking
about this is what I need more of in my
life mom do you know what I mean I do
look at this apple pie oh my god that's
part of the stocky open I'm worried all
day yeah this is my gift to you oh we
could be the key it could be a key
inside of this tool yeah you never know
no no not yet not yet oh geez teeth but
y'all it's time to give my gift to Logan
I put up a lot of time and effort mainly
time into this you know you do and
mainly effort into that too mom Logan's
opening my gift fayette look dude
it's uh it's a bird it's a plane it's a
ball it's like Maya el personal okay
we're joke the after show yeah I'm like
you might take that respect yes Merry
Christmas stuff however it sound over my
gift from brother Logan Ouellette 0:01
yours - look dude I know my boy I know
my boy even go out you won't dad the
universe I see you definitely know Dan
joy back go back / Jake Paul Cole
Google's anyways okay - Jake from David
we got another gift here baby oh I
didn't know you were the New York pop-up
shop it's only way you could get this
brother Christmas is going good this
next gift is for my mom are we gonna go
over $10 or no okay boxers this is big
she got me boxers yo this is big I have
been wearing these boxers for three
weeks now
oh my god yeah thank you mom he's naked
yeah his penis is up yeah absolutely
here's the old one I live I I just
thought this means job they're all for
$10 I'm going to tell you no this is
from Logan whoa it's a Tonka truck oh
you love truck yeah yeah were you so
dude say thank you for that real one
what you're doing oh there it goes
no that is actually crazy Kong I'm sorry
buddy I would never do this to Apollo if
you want to come on team ten I will
never treat you this this horrible but
guys I do want to say Christmas is so
special to me it's not about what they
are how much they cost or who gave them
to you like I said it's about being
together nobody and spending time with
your family and and and laughing and
smiling in I can't believe someone I'm
coming dammit not being angry and
forgetting all the bad things in your
life and that's what it's about that's
the weakest gift I've ever seen that you
got mom a cup that says bad please send
help
grandma Joe are you gonna start vlogging
oh can you say good morning grandma Joe
stirs alright Paul I got you another
gift you got me something
yo this is what I'm talking about this
is a little bit of size two it's
actually almost bigger than you really
hoping this one to the Lambo gonna sit
down mom fragile
it's a blankie warm Derek is not there I
love it so just for your new bed forty
five bands on an Aston Martin bed sleep
when I'm dead from attrition another
gift Logan it's just really crazy cuz
like great minds think alike we just
keep on getting each other merch as the
president yo it's so cool
Oh No let it go you never do my
inspector maverick oh you want it you
gave it to me it's mine yeah I'm putting
out there apparently my mom got
something for lugging that we have to go
outside for and I'm hoping it's a
Lamborghini I hope it's one of those
videos where you walk on the corner and
like someone pulls the drape off and at
least somebody gets to get to
Lamborghini I don't even care oh this is
actually amazing yo uncle Jeffrey
obviously I'm sure another gear on this
this is mine yeah I like not know your
logic is off your logic is horrible you
just took this from my room upstairs and
put it into that yeah why did you do
that okay Logan I don't know why it's
kind of a meaningless gift but it is
money I guess I don't know but I think
he's just gonna throw it at her face I
don't know hey guys I'm still really
nervous to give her this I when I gave
my dad my Harley I've never seen him
like that before yes I'm emotional and
blah blah blah so I don't know how my
mom's gonna react just stay there amount
trust Logan dollars cash um okay how do
weird it's like my mom's stripper
oh stop it stop it stop it I'm taking
the money on buying our jet banjo back
our families here come on in guys I'm
half-naked and Logan's making my mom a
stripper guys I got Logan merch for
Christmas - Jake ball March he got me a
Tonka truck company car looks like a
stuffed animal I'm so sorry quit now
it's the moment mom now this gift I got
you is a little less chachi than turning
into a stripper okay good I didn't say
she was a stripper I just made it rain
but guys a cameraman Logan for this big
movie I'm his brother all my other
camera man quit are at home for the
holidays are still sleeping Anthony and
chance go yeah you mean a lot to me and
I don't want to get all emotional but
you know it's tough I love you and you
made Logan and I who we are today which
is a bunch of blunt hotness I'm so proud
look at Logan oh you are the best mom in
the world
okay that's mom I've ever had anyways I
had a couple of mommy's mommy how'd it
go um daddy with much love gratitude
appreciation and money I got you this
gift
stop you know I had a professional gift
wrapper wrap it yeah you did beautiful
you have any idea what it is where you
go it's heavier than what I was thinking
I did see your party or thumbnail I mean
you do have post notifications on turn
on the post engages and I do shamelessly
want to plug the Martinez fan joy back
Toback slash a call get it while you can
mom get it while you can everybody to a
sellout selling like hotcakes new winter
line available hottest softest warmers
porch of the game oh wow you know what
logo that is I guess I do believe I do
know that
yeah whoa Jake oh my gosh it's gorgeous
did you pick that up by yourself yeah I
mean Erica helped me a little bit oh I
like the diamonds - look at how gorgeous
me so much yo look at this Jake
Pollard's guys you're gonna be the
diamond doubt vlog mom cuz look at that
hey pastors it costs like $20,000 so if
you could cry for my thumbnail that'd be
good just cry please yeah we need views
Billy mom yo cuz oh yo your diamond dau
everyone in Cleveland's gonna know you
made it BAM nah don't give in to the
stripper life oh my gosh this is a
litter that is a little bro you a
gangster mom look at it just shining cuz
but yo mom since I got you a Rolex we
gotta hit the Rolly dance rally with the
Demarest
however guys that has been Miss Logan's
got his pants down I love you mom hey
Maura we're spending Christmas on actual
Christmas Day with our dad you ready for
that you won't believe what gift I got
him smash that subscribe button
during the strongest team on YouTube
guys the movement is real get better
every day smile every day change
people's lives every day and it doesn't
matter how old you are it doesn't matter
if people tell you you aren't gonna make
it cuz you are cop your selves on the
hottest merch to the game guys I got
that exclusive status hoodie on always
reppin we're about to go do some more
Christmas family stuff I love y'all
thank y'all for the support on a
day-to-day basis turn those posts
notifications on today's iPhone winner
goes to Stacy Johnson from I doubt Stacy
congratulations if y'all wanna die for
all you gotta do is follow me on
instagram magic Paul and I will see
y'all tomorrow because everyday bro
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on the daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
