he loved his dog here big mistake you
know I said it earlier and be ashamed if
something happened to this little dog
snow a year in a while so I got some
snowballs fucking morning party people
which applause no not because it's a bum
and go
but once again good morning
yo for real though so much has already
gone down today and even last night guys
you have a lot to catch up on like I
said put your vlog belts on we are in
Ohio another day of dynamite December it
is Christmas Eve if you're watching this
Merry Christmas guys and if you're new
here I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's and you just became a part of
this here journey we call it vlogging
bro LIKE and subscribe and I'll come
back says Jake always plug honey yes I
actually only have one hand as you guys
know Nathan cameraman Nathan he went
home for the holidays in this spending
his time with his family and so he can't
film me and right now chance and Anthony
are still asleep so I'm literally
filming this by myself Paulie What's Up
G you have a hot mom
yo yo Paulie yeah there are film
something in your life not really
not really great you hired roads you're
higher go take the camera take I'm good
is it recording yeah even though are you
sure it's recording I now have a 12 year
old cameraman who has a hot mom say
what's up Paulie oh no guys let me get
you caught up to speed because so much
madness has already occurred this
morning look at me I'm Logan Paul nice
angles bro but guys yesterday as you
guys saw I tried to get my divorced
parents to kiss again and then guys
after that I went to the MGK concert MGK
is from Cleveland he's like a hometown
hero for everybody here and it was like
a sold-out performance and yo the boy
got on stage are using your zooms Paulie
yeah doesn't look like you're zooming
much there you go there you go okay roll
the clip
tells about to go on it's about to get
lit oh he's I see the ice Michael Jack
hey oh yeah hey Jake wha bout to give
him that one you're talking about I told
y'all it was alliteration for you boy
but then guys I woke up this morning and
my brother and I had a little bit of a
weird interaction this is Logan
facetiming he's in his bedroom and he's
facetiming Jake in his bedroom each
other in your face timing and then guys
the face time turned into a photo shoot
and then guys I try to go back to sleep
and Logan lose they're loaded comes in
with a pile of snow dumps it on my bed
with this giant shovel and puts all this
snow in my bed no matter of those days
go go don't eat did y'all know look
what's the play games
good on baby and I got this giant sword
I'm about to throw that Kong prank wars
guys I'm not actually gonna hit Kong but
I'm in a scarab or should I get my mom
back for when she prank me double count
psych I'm going for low gain side
Frank boys I'm trying to kill you so I
guess Logan wanted prank wars you know
and I'm down for that because I
literally never even I never even lose
prank wars like ever in my life
Paulie film this hey how are you oh yeah
I'm over here Paulie and then guys my
vlog camera was that my dad's I like
made a mistake Logan's camera was at my
dad's house as well we didn't know what
we were doing if our parents are
divorced or you guys please kiss again
no please kiss but basically my camera
was there and so was Logan so we had to
go to my dad's house we're off to get my
guy I'm going I like that was real life
like what are you doing man yo we
realized that like Logan and I are like
the same person like literally we're the
same dude what what what
people say that we reads copy which is
kind of true but we copy each other
everything everything we do everything
it's like we're brother brother and we
remember this house guys we both said
the same exact thing in our vlogs the
same without knowing we like oh my god
yo I don't know what it is but I guess
great minds think alike but then we got
an interesting call actually from this
guy himself like with the Tesla video
everyone was thinking out almost hit the
house I did that on purpose
no actually you almost hit the hi
and then Logan I don't know why but
whenever I say Logan phenomena throw
snowballs Logan then turned on his idiot
ISM like he called me and maybe ain't
called me dumb and he called me savage
or whatever but then he turned his idiot
ISM on put them into the ditch is that
your mom who is that everyone chill
everybody chill Mack oh my god so we got
to my dad's house and then Loki
all of a sudden got sexual on me and
then I tried to kill him because it's
great thumbnail if I kill them honestly
though I might kill them one day as you
guys remember like I get all of this
stuff if he dies so Polly Polly back
this way and then guys I rescue yo you
put that down Anna you a little crazy
ten-year-old chance
holy mama somebody I need help these
kids are going crazy man yo what the
guys are so much going down basically
what I'm trying to say is that I
recovered my baby I recovered you sweet
thing you everybody I got my baby and
then we left my dad's house and I didn't
eat breakfast yet
so I decided to get him here and a
waffle this is a flashback guys oh I
know what I'm doing in the best vlogger
on the platform you heard that
I'm the back when I was trying to say
before y'all interrupted me is that
Logan I didn't eat breakfast so I made
us some doughnuts there he goes that's
my brother
yeah there is that was a little too
close I love Donuts baby Ricky Bobby ate
shake and bake shake Paul jr. it's not
about the car it's about the driver
but then guys as Paulie said I almost
did hit this tree um roll the clip this
is from my drift
earlier I wasn't even close to anything
bro I wasn't close to anything yeah
definitely almost killed us for sure duh
however Pam good morning Peter made us
breakfast he actually had a wheel
breakfast she did it you won't make us
waffles she's chuffing up these waffles
right now guys raspberry the Shrek movie
I'm making waffles Anna put that down
but as I was trying to say guys um
there's a lot goin down I'm telling you
there's always a lot going down on this
YouTube channel literally they all get
distracted by Kong damn it he is so cute
oh my god who's a little fluffball
that'd be a shame if I if something
happened to Kong today but actually guys
I hired Anna videographer Nathan you're
fired
hi gone say what's up to the vlog Apollo
would definitely crush this dog now I
remember when they first met Paulie are
you good bro we're being invaded
hey Paulie that's your mom
no you just came over you want to be in
the vlog or what I actually hired your
son as my filmer Paulie I'm over here
Paulie but guys what I was trying to say
before all that chaos happened is that
I've never seen something as dope as
this and yeah you guys heard it right I
fired Polly and hired your best friend
tried to kill me earlier is it with that
story you literally try to run me over
that's why we're friends if you know
what I'm sayin hey not cool bro but
speaking of running people over guys
this is actually a car like the reason
why there's just so dope yo is that it's
a vacuum no it okay yeah it's your blog
and guys not only is it a car it's a
rolls-royce a nice camera movies bro
Paulie take notes take notes Paul you
it's a rolls-royce you see that it's a
rolls-royce even come along you said
double our fam
god I should hire me to film my own
vlogs here you do yours okay I'm gonna
do my own hey you guys shake ballers I'm
gonna hire myself now take Paul $10 an
hour what's going now you weren't even
paying me you're 12
that's Logan's ex-girlfriend fan reeking
of your ex-girlfriend how are you guys
what this is weird really weird so do we
need to do it like we did with mom and
dad and have you guys kiss again just
one more kiss just rekindle the flame a
little bit ever kiss any girl on the
Internet
me I started the drama I think I don't
keeps people on the internet yeah I
don't know yeah neither do i Logan Paul
tried to kill me I'm vlogging it's
everyday bro peace make sure you
subscribe to keep up he's actually
trying to kill me but so am i I'm
actually trying to kill you too I said
everything in the BA how do you know
what's in focus no I don't know what's
in focus I hired myself $10 now all
right three allan-a-dale
all right guys so it's a couple hours
later and brother Logan snowball left to
go do some stuff he was being really
really really sketchy actually I don't
know why but I made you a McDonald's
Happy Meal cool anyways he loved his dog
here big mistake you know I said it
earlier and be ashamed if something
happened in this little dog so I'm just
putting for sale on eBay all proceeds go
to Jay Qualls bank account guys I
actually want to see how much we can
sell Kong for and I and also want to see
Logan's reaction and I'm also gonna ship
calm I'll ship them to you let's see use
an iPhone because you can't sell a dog
on eBay big fib women I
mr. hedges bro right now Jimmy map add
more details about your description Kong
actually I'm gonna name him Wong start
embrace what do you think you're worth
buddy no how much do you think he's
worth $10 10 $50 this way add a photo
camera ok come come here buddy
smile 3 what 3 2 1 side angle 3 2 1
long slash calling the puppy millions on
Instagram are you ready to go on eBay
yes you are and list my item don't look
at this oh wait wait there's what wait
wait there's one more
oh no it's better this hamburger the
fact that I'm selling Kong or the fact
that he can't reach the hamburger Kong
being here really does make me miss
Apollo and I know he's doing good in
training camp don't cry you to put your
life kids everyone's doing it oh boy
while you were gonna you know what to do
they're just walking to just get an iPad
those are fire bro all right Jake polish
so if you want to buy Kong the link will
be in the description go to ebay right
now okay
hey Jake ballers copy yourself some of
the hottest sports in the game the now
and forever sweatshirt guys bro it's a
fact that it's not it's roll the clip is
yourself some of the hottest merch in
the game you already know I know I never
said it was okay temperature-wise
yes go to fan joy taco backslash Jake
Paul right now get you something now and
forever switch at slavery bro it's what
really is my favorite another day of
dynamite December I'm announcing more
iPhone winners tomorrow guys I have to
do is follow me on Instagram
Jake Paul and I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's everyday bro
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on a daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
