I feel like a kiss between you two is
needed like bad I think you just got it
and just put it all in your past my mom
is filming me right now because Anthony
is yes right now I need a wake Anthony
up because he needs to fill me today we
have this giant bucket of water to dump
on him to wake him up mom you know what
that's like right you're a jerk
what you say you're a jerk yeah sorry
about that mom but uh you guys didn't
see it this is what happened to her
yesterday
well no it's time to get Anthony Jake
pause put your vlog belts on oh and by
the way this is lankans room he's gonna
be coming home later so hopefully it
doesn't get pissed about that you know
you're supposed to come home to Ohio and
have a nice bed and cookies and and just
a nice place to stay in general but uh
we ruined that didn't we
okay I'm done I'm done I'm done I just
painted these walls to the dopest
YouTube channel on the platform if
you're new here I'm Jay Paul you guys
are the Jake Paulus and you are now a
part of this journey of my life bro my
mom's downstairs now though Shh good
morning Jay Paul is what cameraman
Tony's awake now yeah braum alive you're
alive you're feeling good I'm feeling
great oh yeah maybe right now we are
going to play basketball but chance got
to town last night along with my dad
they both were on the same flight and so
allow me to catch you guys up to speed
last night we went to chances house to
say what's up to my boy but I had to
wake up his mom Oh
however we left came to the pastor's
house and now chancers asleep back at
his house guys okay are you paying
attention because now we have to go to
chances house because he's still
sleeping just like Anthony was and then
I woke Anthony up and now I have to wake
chants up because chance is from Ohio
he's finna ball I'm trying to ball
however the reason why it's important
that my dad is here is because yo I
started to get this thought in my head
I've been realizing that my parents need
to reunite you know they mean men and so
I have this idea that's crazy I'm crazy
bruh but I want to get my divorced
parents to kiss again
he said it click they actually though I
think it's needed that Greg Paul is
lonely he lives at a house by himself
you know what I'm saying he comes to LA
sometimes and does stuff and my mom she
just seems mad lately like even this
morning bro I just painted these walls
my arms are like cooking it dude
Nathan's up please bro Nathan I want you
back baby please come back Anthony's
good but I have to wake him up oh but
guys we are gonna fall out right now
LeBron style since we are in Cleveland
and speaking of Cleveland what the heck
is this pole it's not LA these re hot
like your mom yeah dope and speaking of
hot we're coming in hot two chances
house Oh chance we're here guys wake up
chance with in his own house look how
ratchet this place is and it's weird
because every house in Ohio has nipple
lights I don't get it oh that's I have a
chance are you can't
I'm waiting for you waiting for you
you're more in row rows Bracken know
what I'm doing today what I'm trying to
get my mom and dad to kiss again
Frank is down I don't know Greg don't
you step that aids you what what I just
about oh no David you know happy about
that go well I mean I feel like they're
still flame there so yeah yellow
and speaking of kisses guys we are at
the basketball courts right now what I'm
gonna show y'all where I had my first
kiss guys this is a true story like this
is a dead-ass true story I had my first
kiss like right where we are standing
now okay so basically let me set the
scene for you so we are in sixth grade
and it was with this girl and we like
really liked each other everyone we used
to come here and like hang out like this
is the hangout spot look at all these
little kids look how these little kids
man this is the hangout and so I was
like yo where could we kiss like there's
nowhere that's private and then I came
up with this genius idea I was like yo
why don't we go into the family locker
room because that way guy and girl can
both go into the family locker room we
go into the bathroom area we come into
the changer I wear like this like
bowling looking at each other I was like
nervous I like going where do I put my
hands how do I do this like I mean I was
only in sixth grade bro and I was like I
was like this I went in for the kiss
holy
and then I immediately ran away I was
like scared out of my mind and I kept my
eyes open the whole time I was like
looking right I was like hey how you
doing oh you're cute but yo it's time to
bawl Pauly with the hot mom is in the
building yo your abolish don't what you
got guys we're out here ballin you know
chants and Anthony herbs like actually
good however guys I'm terrible I'm more
like yeah I have an advantage you see
this kid over here he's got a Russell
Westbrook Jersey on ok but see I'm
friends with Russell Westbrook so that
automatically makes me a better player
correct check this out guys both yeah
yeah yeah that's me Russell Westbrook
killing the game boy I know you got a
hot mom but you got a hot shot oh no
however guys this does make me miss
California a wee wee bit like Apollo's
they're getting trained my cars are
there and this reminds me that the
basketball hoop is getting installed at
the team 10 mansion so you know about
the ball up all day baby
but right now guys we're gonna see who
can dunk who's got it baby
layup dad get away from my mom yo mom
what are you doing here how did you even
know I was here what are you speaking of
Instagram follow me at Jake ball oh
thanks mom do you still feel like
there's a flame there's a little little
bit of a flame with you and dad still no
sorry I would disagree
I would not I'm not getting involved in
this one okay no reason no reason no
reason yo I'm gonna get them to kiss I'm
gonna do it but yo its dunk contest time
okay okay okay
my man needs some milk baby chad beta in
the house
hiiiii oh that's called a lair it's
called a finger roll cuz I'm all about
the sauce
hey guys we are here bowling the
teachers tell you you're not gonna
become something say I'm a dab on you
son guys it was awesome ball and roll of
all life baby like I was talking about
earlier look at this Ohio weather right
now I kind of feel like I need some LA
and myself we need some Calabasas and I
look like the dude I'm like look at my
mom's car like it's kind of hit it's
kind of kind of it kind of hit what's
like the most la car you for oh there's
like like what is kylie jenner drive
wagons g-wagen bro we should get a G
Wagon so we're a little bit more LS what
are you laughing right Chee Wang it oh
no what what no that's no it's not like
the Eddy it's not like the Yeti there's
a lot better I like this
yeah Tony get any more
yeah baby donut
yes J no my boy is here backstory
backstory okay guys you know we're going
to LA on them we're going fool LA on it
we got the g-wagen that's about it but
we got to keep the LA Street going we're
bringing LA to Ohio who's me brought
Ohio to LA why not bring a little bit of
LA to a high up Nonnie mean belt though
don't go oh so I was like yo people in
LA always looking fresh always looking
sexy and I was like yo my hair is
looking here is hell right now I'm
looking like Donald Trump thank you I
don't want to look like that'll joke we
do that so I call it the best barber in
the game I say J I know you're in
Toronto right now but my friend I need
to look cute okay and J's like I'm not
coming to Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay
Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay was like Jay I said
Jay Jay Jay if you come to Ohio right
now you can be the official barber for
Team 10 ah my boy jumps in this car
drives to your overnight finally makes
it here in the snowstorm to in a
snowstorm he traverses the snow bro to
cut Anthony and eyes hair we're gonna
exactly like that so basically he's
Drake's barber he's Bacchus barber your
toy lanes barber and now he's the
official barber 4010 but guys the point
is my boy Jay is dedicated to his craft
it's like vlogging every day whatever
you guys are gonna do chase your dreams
however another reason why I'm getting
my hair cut is because we're going to an
MGK concert tonight MGK is from
Cleveland guys and he's like one of my
favorite rappers I grew up listening to
him he has a song about Cleveland roll
the clip
my County
and you know how the Ohio boys do it we
got a link-up we got to look fly we got
to drive g-wagen slash forward I think
my parents are gonna kiss I feel like a
kiss between you two is needed like bad
looking second check out this guy I got
the lines in the back and guys we were
parked in a driveway right now yo with
cameraman Anthony and I got a cameraman
chance clearly room with the better
option but yo we're parked across from
the biggest house in my hometown city
check this out that is the biggest house
in every day I would drive by this house
on my way home from school I just like
wow look at that huh and I said to
myself I'm gonna own a house bigger than
that one day and I chase your dreams
like you can do whatever you like that
house like like who would live there
probably something pretty dope actually
but guys the moral of the story to
change lighting my boy the moral of the
story if you say you're gonna do
something and you manifest it in your
life it's gonna happen ha ha now we are
here and it's about to go down what's up
oh we got the mark John backslash Jake
Paul yo I brought you a guest dad whoo
yeah well well let's put a pause on that
for a second oh we don't need to get
into all that right now but yo Jake
ballers this is my dad's house this is
partially where I grew up I'd spend my
time 50/50 at my mom's house at my dad's
house who's that guy by the way that's
Dave the Cable Guy hey Dave I want to
show you the house guys come on I'll
give you more of a tour of this in a
couple of days when we're here for
Christmas but check this out my dad's
got a school bus I don't know why what
yeah why do you have a school bus okay
that's what he does so this is the
upstairs right here we're going upstairs
you know I got the Gucci pineapples on
okay this is Logan's room yeah whatever
cool this is my room and most
importantly guys just want to come in
here for a second we're good
everyone has come in here yeah is this
the bed that I was made on
no it's not nope man I wanted to see the
better I was made on there's no one
really both no bad the beach it was at
the beach it could have been the woods
of the beaches we did a couple times out
oh Jesus I mean I respect that my dad's
us we're ready for that it's no mom dad
yeah
can you can you just can you guys have
just want to sit down talk with y'all -
Logan the family is here hey guys you
know as your son I've been watching you
two over the years you know observing
you know what your heads are doing in
your lives and I just feel like I just
feel like there's a flame between you
two just like lingering like a little
lingering flame I feel like a kiss
between you two is needed like bad I
think you just got it and just put it
all in your past you know what I mean I
I really think so even this morning mom
you you just like we're just super angry
at you know roll the clip I just painted
these walls and dad you're always just
like calling me in every couple of hours
looks like you're a little lonely
okay well javi I answer I'm still
talking to you - but flame and I just
feel like you guys need - I feel like
they need you guys need to kiss the Jake
callers wants you to kiss for sure - I
mean Nance there's the great callers
they would want this for both of you I
wasn't any pressure you give this up
place for a weekend
oh right to really see if it's there
right I mean I can do that and then we
walk that I mean uh okay I will get you
guys a vacation a one-week vacation if
you guys kiss the vacation dude the Jake
Bolin's know that I'm remarried I think
so yeah yeah I do okay you were
remarried what's verify what kind of
vacation time I'm trying to rekindle a
damn marichuy do you guys want it what
kind of vacation it goes goddamn all
there it's calm children yeah wait how
many shoulders are there one two three
four
you can use that one Jake polish I've
used it we're not playing games here
I'll get up on this table right now like
I'm cardi being we don't need okay I'll
be that won't strip
anytime I'm down I just feel like you
guys kidding your dad go on vacation by
himself yeah that's fine okay I mean if
you don't kiss 12 million Jake Pollard's
are gonna be let down I'm mo most
importantly is your son is gonna be let
down getting my divorce parents to kiss
again think of the views I see Erica and
I'm just like you sassy dope come here
everything in my life is one big
dysfunctional team tens of dysfunctional
family my family is a dysfunctional
family chances filming my vlog I don't
where the dolphin noises it's a dolphin
not a swear word swearing is bad kids
never swear can you at least go close
for the thumbnail yeah just like you
mean the thumbnail ready yeah what like
this ya know like not did they kiss no
it's giving sexual see they're still a
flame no more in closer yeah oh it's
gold all right we got the thumbnail yeah
oh I'm sorry I couldn't get them to kiss
you guys see it everyone sees it bro I'm
not living this down guys I'm gonna make
it happen
today's iPhone winner goes to George
Carrera from Coronado I'm giving away an
iPhone every single day of this month if
you guys want an iPhone all you have to
do is follow me on instagram at Jake POG
all right congratulations George
Congrats George and guys if you want to
cop the hottest march in the game this
is my favorite sweatshirt out there
right now Jay Paul is hot yeah Dave no
way do you want to give a shout-out to
anybody because I would have said fan
joy that Kobach such gentle and good
like and subscribe and I will see you
guys tomorrow because every day bro
please
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
