okay so now they're shooting my mom I
have this grenade and actually once was
a real grenade like it's heavy
- wait meal you don't want to start
prank wars what's a jab and guess who's
the champ two thumbs up
Rick Tony and I say I don't we got a
little something-something for you
Pamela
good morning Pam dude you're gonna like
this one baby this one's called the
bucket water balcony drunk smash water
drop bucket though you think that's
enough that's a lot of water I ask you
yeah sorry mom Jake Pollard's put your
vlog belts on because it's about to go
down
I know what you're probably thinking why
am I being so mean to my mom she brought
this on herself damn it
good morning pastors are you thirsty mom
stay hydrated it's really good for your
body actually it's really actually
really good I'm that grounded because I
am an adult no by the way I broke your
lights oh sorry about that
good morning Jay Paul okay Timmy stop
what is going down if you're new here
I'm Jake Paul you guys right there you
guys hello you guys can try taking away
his camera you can't do that can she do
that
I don't know mom when you're sleeping
it's gone this what I call the one-two
tactic you prank them you make a mess
and then you act like you're doing
something else we're vlogging whiterose
vlogging Tony and then the pranky has to
clean the mess it's genius I was saying
guys you guys are the Jake polish and
you just became a part of today's
journey put your vlog belts on because
we're in Cleveland my hometown and we're
doing it big baby hey at least you had a
March on when you got pregnant pause
that Tony back there man working
mistakes
oh my ro unlike you dude you have to
fart use the fart come on you got this
put your head in the game Tony I need
you to fart right now come on feel it in
there you need some punches wait wait
wait no no no no oh
I know you can do it my mom you could do
it if Anthony can do it you can do it
mom mom you're nasty mom the wet last
year Ashley parts can be a very useful
tool it's like we walk in the room the
tensions are high you just hit them with
up is it one of those yeah you're right
you know I mean I know you guys don't
know what you're talking about
idiot both of you take advice video we
shouldn't be taking advice from her she
got divorced so she doesn't know
anything
Erica every don't embarrass me in the
vlog don't embarrass me I'm gonna kill
also mom I noticed that you were gonna
give this Christmas present to a kid so
yeah you can't do that I google it let
me just do whatever you want mom forgot
to take this piece of maverick March
with you too
how'd you put it screw that March is
anyone want that merged the neighborhood
kids don't want it watch perfect example
stay there stay there
hey guys breaks the ice 20 minutes lay
down so Jake wants to prank me
oh no no I'm gonna get him Anthony is
helping me a enlisted his help ah she's
gonna film all this I got the Jake Paul
squad from the neighborhood he's in the
shower right now so when he gets into
his room we're gonna sneak in there and
just attack all right you guys ready to
be Jake's ass
I like that hurry up bro
I just saw Tony what are you doing she
was gonna ground me bro okay all right
everyone get out
wow there's so many of my Mertz a Gucci
messenger my stomach or something mom
mom what did you do Oh mom if you wanna
do some brain course we're gonna do some
pretty colors
all right squad all right mom
I guess prank wars is on however guys
you aren't caught up to speed
basically last night so what now Tony
and I found the most lit littmus house
we've seen today rule the glare of a
litmus look at these people I told y'all
it's dynamite December but I'm pissed
because Ohio doesn't have any snow
that's why we left it but then also last
night I get a text message and it's the
cutest thing ever in the world guys you
know that Apollo and Athena are at
training boot camp boot gang and now we
got a little update video bro actually
though let's give a round of applause
for Apollo guys um I was doing my thing
and then I got another update as well it
has to do with cars hold on it has to do
with my Lamborghini actually they're
working on the supercharger they're
doing a bunch of tests right now they're
doing testing on my Lamborghini
me first me I think I was also last
night uh one of the kids that I grew up
with he was a little bit younger than me
but he went brazii when he saw me I love
you bro I love you too Jake pause what
happened was I saw it yet I was like yo
jump in the car and now he's just now
you want to hang out with this yeah I
gotta go to a meeting though actually
yeah bro you good that's my boy yeah
like yeah you're killing the game bro
however guys prank wars is still on
however right now we have to go and I
guess who's driving my mom's car this
thing is fast
don't worry I think 35 degrees
alright guys so we are here I don't know
where we are but apparently guys
someone's taking like a photo of me and
this guy his name is James apparently he
only takes pictures of people from
Cleveland that are like super dope and
I'm know so apparently I'm doped up so
he's gonna take a picture of me and then
I'm gonna be another Cleveland adult
people even though it's called Greg Wars
made it to this studio yo check this
place out it is a legend but my boy
James here he is about to shoot me in
like this dope outfit it's gonna be like
all sexy you don't say I'm sexy hanzou
cute but also my mom has no idea my boy
James also came up with this idea to
prank my mom guys it's prank wars it's a
prank wars day it's the head of my
December she is very nice lady and I
also ruined her car she's got a grenade
and legit burn aid and that's not real
harm is not real it's we're gonna prank
her and guys the reason why it's
important that he has a grenade is
because I saw this prank where this
military guy throws a grenade and all of
his friends like freak out
and that was absolutely hilarious to me
so I'm gonna see if I can do it to my
mom okay so now they're shooting my mom
I have this grenade in actually once was
a real grenade like it's it's heavy she
needs to hold of you you should hold it
open it I mean it's real so be careful
of it I trust him with it if you're like
biting it or something I looked Oh what
happens if you pull the pin I mean I
think we know what happens but don't
hold it hold it no hold it do all this
not move I mean it's fine I'm all the
tight but that's gonna cover like Abby's
are you good why holy why did you fire
holding your shoulder
prank wars you're getting me back do you
hate me really actually no it's not too
late for me to return your Christmas
present and trust me that would make my
bank account a lot healthier one hour
later back at the house Jake wanted
prank wars I'm gonna give him prank wars
and I'm gonna end the prank wars right
here right now
Jake's in side scratching his what ya
doing random that no one knows just Jake
I got and he tried to burn Logan's merch
earlier gave me the idea I'm gonna burn
his good morning Panthers hamsters sorry
Jake into the fire gas on it okay I
think that's good Jesus Christ Jesus I
don't know Jake I'm sorry she made me do
this one a guy I don't even know what's
going on yo Jake
come check this out come here bro I'm
back here with your mom you can't be
doing this type of stuff mom oh no
legitimately it's the hottest nurse in
the game like you cannot deny that is
the hottest verse of the game right now
give yourself some of the hottest merch
in the game you already know and I guess
that's that
and the prank wars guys uh who wins who
won
peace out pants no no you can't do that
guys joined the strongest team on
YouTube I'm announcing two iPhone
winners tomorrow guys if you want to win
an iPhone all you have to do is follow
me on instagram at JPL right now guys
help yourself some of the hottest
literally the game Android called back
slash Jake Paul my favorite sweatshirt
is the now and forever sweatshirt me too
thanks Tony we will see you tomorrow
that's everyday bro
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on a daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
poof
