gather all the troops we talked about
we're breaking in to the old high school
good morning Jay Polar's stop stop
you're crazy I'm so sorry Jake polish no
and that's not all I filmed is it baby
hey 201 I've been busy why you've been
snooping
you've been filming on my camera okay
roll the clip
look lip roll the clip hey Jake bothers
I am going to embarrass Jake he doesn't
want me to show you these but I'm going
to look how little girl as she looked
and you guys look at this one he wanted
to go to the NFL ha ha I don't think so
look how little he was he's liking that
little single and he's skinny
he doesn't look scary oh wait I have a
better one what do you do you cut off
his hair I hated that I think it kind of
looks like an egg I have an idea come to
my channel and join the family go to
blog mom we actually do important stuff
like read books and we go to school and
we get good grades and you know what we
don't blow things up on a daily basis we
don't break windshields on Ferraris we
don't tip over and ride Christmas trees
we don't prank our friends every single
morning breaking snow machines we're
still lit though you know what we're
more into the gossipy stuff and getting
into the juicy details behind the scenes
and you know my thoughts as mom of you
know jakey and Loki that's where my
channel comes in join the family oh my
gosh big boys good morning actually
though I'm sorry about that it's good to
be back in Ohio I guess I don't really
know I don't know what to make of this
whole entire morning but good morning
Jake Polar's mascot they said if you're
new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
Jake polish and it every single bra you
ruin my lighting dammit you look like
one of those girls from the creepy
movies that like kills everyone no no no
welcome to my life we are currently in
Ohio where I grew up I haven't been back
here in like over a year and you guys
are now along for this journey baby
let's go there's gonna be a lot that's
going down today you're basically gonna
see like how my childhood or lack
thereof a childhood came about put your
belt on strap it down tight why is she
better than me while you're cleaning my
hand off can we talk about the fact that
your house has nipples as lights you
know your uncle Jim said that a long
time ago you right know what happens
when you rub it no there's so many
nipples you walk into my room this is
where I grew up guys and you see nipple
you walk into this room you walk into
Logan's room which is I'm about to
completely destroy this place and rule
and just when you thought there couldn't
be any more nipples oddly enough though
and this is a verifiable fact these do
look a lot like Erika's nipples they do
what know that yeah tell me you haven't
had a nip slip I've had a nip slip look
at this nip slip god damn it
at least it says team ten though always
represent that's my mama
I just want a home-cooked meal mom I
think Anthony's on his way because I
actually do need someone to help me film
Nathan and I'm going to get ready for
the day let's go get out of the shower
guys changed ready for the day and look
who decides this
yeah Wow mommy made you made him
breakfast over me bro why were you late
dude I needed help filming this morning
get you know what get up here who are
you with your hot sister house with my
sister my hot sister what my sister yes
no she's hot so yeah okay cool anyways
that were her nipples look like I don't
know I might know what now I'm unpacking
my stuff to get dressed this morning out
comes this guy's look at this it says hi
I miss you heart
Rick like Erica she put a note in my
suitcase when we were packing yesterday
they were said I'm at zip it okay Jake
yeah okay couple goals couple goals am i
right what are you doing here I mean
dude I miss you too Erica kinda don't
get too comfortable the first things
first guys I gotta get these noodles fam
like my mom makes the best buttered
noodles in the game we went to Italy had
jumped in the Venice canal we were
literally in Italy and my mom's noodles
were still better but guys like I said
this is my mom's house I still have to
show you guys my dad's house I guess
that my parents are divorced I even made
a song about it my parents are divorced
I made two Christmas lists so today
you're basically gonna get a full tour
of I guess my life you're gonna meet
some some new friends that you guys
haven't met before some good old fans
and Anthony's Jake's and Jake's more or
less more charges yeah lots of judges
huh but guys speaking of divorce like I
know a lot of kids parents are divorced
like I went through it and um you know
it's okay it's a natural thing and guys
I actually used to think it was my fault
I was like I thought that my parents
both thought I was like really ugly and
chachi yeah I thought you guys were like
yo this kids so ugly he has a zit on his
forehead named Andi I thought you guys
were like yo I don't want him you go to
his house and then dad was like no you
go to his house but then later I found
out it was my dad's fault
I'm just kidding I found out it was my
mom's fault
just kidding I don't think it was
anyone's fault I think it just like
naturally hath no nose my fault I was
hitting on your mom what it was
it was you your fault this whole entire
time I'm my money that's really that's
amazing news yeah that's some news to
find out first yeah yeah listen five
minutes later we're at doorbell my mom's
like Jake there's some fans at the door
how do you guys even know where I live I
don't know but it's okay
my mom's like oh yeah come on in yo they
brought me
bagels yo group hug group hug group
events family they are from my hometown
like the city of that I went to high
school and stuff and that you guys know
miss Clark right the teacher who hated
on me I'm coming for you miss Clark so
you've met miss Clark yeah what did she
say she said like this is Jay Paul she
ran away from your house this is Jason
from State Farm I'm wearing rainbow
shorts your daughter broke into my house
cook tricks they have a way maybe to
break us in to my old high school I
think that be living yeah okay I don't
know what we're gonna do okay we got
some stuff to do guys I was gonna do a
full light tour of the house but I think
I want to break into our high school and
like see how many teachers I can
confront you guys can see where I used
to wrestle and stuff check out anthony's
whip this is his ohio Wipro can I take
this no it's a good I think this it's
such a mom car though I'm a mom you're
borrowing my car
Oh
and guys the reason why this is so
important is because like every teacher
that I had at this high school said I
would become nothing they said I
wouldn't make it okay and now my
chickens naked bro and also like a lot
of the kids they're like would I hate on
me they're like yo you suck at bow you
think you're funny bro and I was like no
I don't think I'm funny but 12 million
Jake parlors do but guys you gotta treat
the Jake Pollard's right we got coupons
yeah you guys want a coupon for the kids
for the kids have a great day for the
kids I get it for the kids gather all
the troops we're breaking in to the old
high school so we're on our way to the
high school now guys and back in high
school we would do like crazy stuff
that's kind of where like the vlog like
lifestyle was originated from and so I
was like driving my mom's car and I was
like yo we should try and jump my mom's
car it's a good idea right now
alright guys take two I'm sorry mom but
you did prank me this morning so let's
jump it nowhere
no just would snow hi well let's break
into a high school bro come on this is
the school oh I get a weird feeling
proud you get a weird feeling I get a
weird feeling I told myself that I
wouldn't come back to the school unless
I owned a Lamborghini or rolls-royce and
kids I oh no I want a Lamborghini this
is weird y'all I don't know if I like
this this is where it all started yeah
we told our old high school friends to
meet us here guys do we get Chad and I
go way back
I'm Gucci down now Chad I got the
pineapples on Coco I'm trying to film
here if you remember Zoosh Logan denies
old videos Chad was the one that like
helped us make them okay are you getting
the lighting yeah cameraman Tony yeah
you can actually see Chad a miniature
version he's a lot bigger now you know
this why'd we eat hay and you could see
I'm like pulling us on this bike for
this like one video you know ready the
old days man jaqen I've never been a
cameraman before but there's like a red
slash like if you see it I think oh the
battery the battery got him now it's
time to go into the school
well that was nice
you know I remember walking out of here
on the last day I walked down this
hallway with the little Wayne song we've
East Eddie Marvin I was playing and I
just walked out right out those doors
and I haven't been right here since like
that was like three years ago guys this
is exactly like the weirdest memories
like I've filmed like vines and stuff
here oh my god oh you wrestle I'm trying
to wrestle guys I was good I was like
thirty five and five my junior year
before I dropped out don't drop out so
do you get it right now enjoy that go
back I'll swipe up everyone down link in
the description to camera I think it's
locked
you know you're making a fool out of
yourself is okay be just awesome I'm
leaving it for mrs. Clark whatever you
do in your life you can't get mad at
your haters okay this is why we got mrs.
Clark a happy meal and flowers because
mrs. Clark you can't just be mad at your
haters you've got to love your haters so
we got our happy meal hi Matt please
have a happy meal I'm trying to put a
smile on someone's face what do you
think miss Clark would like a beer
cheeseburger cheeseburger please
chocolate milk chocolate milk that's all
great and we got her flowers so that she
could feel better about herself I think
these ones will put a smile on her face
well that was weird man
why just look at it
this is boring yeah back to you Jake but
I am sorry I do apologize to you mrs.
Clarke and the reason why I apologize
mrs. Clarke is because we're just eating
your happy meal
cheeseburger now definitely ate all the
food but your toys Billy
literally they don't let you do anything
here when I was trying to like chase my
dreams and vine I just I just kept on
getting kicked out mrs. Clarke if you're
watching this just stop hating on kids
for chasing their dreams we're going to
the gym where Anthony used to play he
was a beast Anthony you have footage
that I can play for the Jake ballers
role Anthony's footage but guys as much
as I like hate on this school it is like
part of why I am Who I am today and like
all those experiences that you'll go
through and stuff like it makes you a
better person and it makes you more
motivated and you need haters broke
because we don't have haters you're
doing something wrong now we're in the
wrestling room this is where I spent
most of my time guys look that was mini
Jake Paul that used to be me right there
yeah he's got a phone out everything I
told you all that was good yeah they may
be six but I'm good you want merch all
you have to do is go to Phandroid Kobach
slash Jake Paul chase your dreams guys
were heading out we'll say bye one more
time probably won't see you ever again
but it's funny because all the students
here used to hate on me and now all the
students Jake Wallace and mrs. Clark
it's not too late for you to become a
Jake Poehler either guys smash that
subscribe button
join the strongest team on YouTube guys
and if you want to win an iPhone right
now go to my Instagram and follow me at
Jake Paul today's iPhone winner goes to
Nadia Kalani from San Diego 92
congratulations Nadia clap yourself some
of the hottest merch in the game this
one is my favorite
yeah that's my thanks Tony I like you I
like you too bro did you actually smash
my mom is that why they got divorced or
was that a joke
music about another time okay well take
pause I'll see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bro peace
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
