we're back in Ohio now we are looking
for the hamsters I think we have a
serious problem uncle Nathan yep y'all
know uncle man look at him he's so cute
he films all my videos and since it's
Christmas time and everyone's going home
I basically have nobody to film my
videos where's my hat I'm actually an
auntie get used to this guys but I think
Anthony is going to be able to help
however we have another problem because
we used to get in a car to go to Ohio in
like 30 minutes guys
Oh fix the window already how they do
that if you guys didn't see the other
day I broke that window and it's fixed
Oh however guys put your vlog belts on
because it's about the top if you
haven't been keeping up what are you
doing but second of all basically what's
been going on is my brother tried to
kill me the other day and then I hired
mini Jake Paul to try and kill him
yesterday we did a few make a wishes
yesterday all right we're here with my
boy Aiden we got him hooked up with them
we went to a Children's Hospital
yesterday baby what this is Gavin's army
right here
Gavin strong they got merch and
everything I gave him my easy you got it
actually while I was standing here this
kind of gave me an idea look at this
this is chances like snowcone machine
and the other day he was guarding it
because he didn't want me to break it
seemed to be like kind of guarding it
I'm kind of in a break-in mood yo all
righty
you guys stay there I'm filming this by
myself Nathan
well okay hold on Oh the tripod you came
up I'm having a rough morning
yeah you need a job the Jake ballers
need you we all need you
first you always got a cement healthy
for the body and the doctor says you're
supposed to sneeze three times a dad is
four which means I'm very healthy
you don't look I got a good morning
actually though we're back in business
and if you're new here I'm Jake Paul you
guys are the Jake Paul is this is the
team tenth house and it is lit every
single day cuz Anthony is gonna shower
and get ready
he's gonna be the WWE wake up Cena
rookie mistake you can't see me you're
like a little ball I'm doing no actually
a ball of salt
okay I'm packing I have is it - his name
is Emma but actually though I got a pack
you guys aren't caught up to speed yet
last night Mini Jake Paul was here you
guys saw it he really is the mini Jake
Paul he might even be more savage than
me look what happened last night after
the cameras were off he is such a savage
where'd he go hey you need to calm down
mister not having kids you know like Oh
God also guys last night manager caveat
me these shoes as a Christmas gift
they're like sneakers but they got like
this fur inside and it's like my boy
Tony said we got Gucci on the fire Gucci
all my fur these are sick huh
we'd help me pack please I already
packed that there are a lot of underwear
in there mostly underwear are they
because manager caveat me those for
Christmas what did you get me where'd
you get me for Christmas really cute
okay you ready yeah I'm not ready I'll
be right there bro we gotta go high oh
yeah
we're literally leaving in five minutes
I'm actually panicking like real-life
panicking uh we're gonna be late you're
not actually coming we're supposed to go
to a higher together the trio bro the
trio is rolling up chance on a different
note I broke your snow cone machine
sorry that's a dick he's gonna have to
deal with also shave that chest hair bro
it's looking like a damn bush on your
chest called okay well yo you're back in
the building bro hello there guys
normally we say we're gonna be late and
then my we always end up making it about
this one this one might not be one of
those things I do feel like we're
forgetting something last time I said
that we forgot little six-year-old Ben
Hampton in New York and then he hacked
all of our accounts so we might be
screwed I actually am super excited to
go
ohayo I haven't been there and like
super super long the last time I was
there I surprised my mother on Mother's
Day
oh you are not here I think this is
gonna be the dopest Ohio visit yet to
have a lot of awesome stuff planned but
I am going to miss the team ten house
bye to our little fishies Andy and Susie
goodbye chance I said goodbye to Erica
by night
goodbye blood shark goodbye the Chad's
last night I'm gonna miss you Chad oh
there goes the camera yeah let's see if
it goes back though please Oh almost
this time you Ross it likes you
I'll be back when we're not in the hills
in the Sun and a few moments later
this is a lot better huh lot smoother
yeah no more no more camera wobble yeah
but goodbye to my dirt bike honey yeah I
am super excited to go home to Ohio like
I said already I haven't seen my family
in so long and I'm excited to show you
guys like my family and we're gonna meet
Anthony's hot sister ha ha ha he's got a
hot sister yeah but back to earlier guys
I think you forgot about the Gucci shoes
I'm wearing Gucci fur shoes with
athletic socks who's doing it no one I'm
saying trends yeah it's not a game honey
the jig polished set trends guys we're
trending we've set trends people talk
about us like they pay their month's
rent when they put our names and the
titles and like we got the hottest march
like no one has hot emerged in us like I
know people like and I won't name
anybody but some people they say that
they're merch is the hottest in the game
it's not honey but I do know that if we
miss our flight
it is all Nathan's fault you Nathan
exactly should we get him a date I like
that Jake ballers wants to go on a date
with them go Nathan
write a poem and maybe you're gonna
flown out to Los Angeles and go on a
date with unrelated what about Ross are
you single single oh yo any Jake Paul
her mom's out there that are single Ross
is here looking a man Versace glasses
he's got money fire Ross we're gonna get
you a girlfriend
so anyway though if we're gonna be late
we're gonna look good doing it look at
it
we got Gucci everything baby Abbi Gucci
down and if we're gonna be late I'm
gonna do it with the bagel in my stomach
anybody single back there I got a guy
named Ross you like Ross this girl's is
Jake Waller hi how are you
thanks for your dog oh you're the Jake
caller it's for your son Oh tell him I
said hi did you get him the merch for
Christmas
let's go what are you doing pilot Jake
and Tony our hair actually the last time
we're on a flight I flew it
roll the clip do you remember look at
all these controls alright guys we're in
midair right now I made friends with the
flight attendants we saw our son - Jake
Wyler Anthony is
we should prank him okay you wake him up
all right
and tell him that I got in trouble
the captain of the plane wants
good you just got pranked I'm mid nap
out here I'm like what this doesn't even
make sense
thank you all for flying with fan joy
air we are now in Cleveland home of the
Ohio Fried Chicken peace out it's like
ice-cold dear bro we're back in Ohio I
guess that's all that means
now we are looking for the hamsters day
while she forgot already if take did you
forget that it's 46 degrees you're
wearing shorts yeah but I got fur on my
shoes so that's that's cool and also
check this out all your Christmas gifts
in here too oh don't look Hey
I didn't forget how cold it was Wow
always listens 18:03 don't worry mom I'm
not gonna ride your tree okay we're
looking for our friend named Ross he's
really good-looking Versace glasses any
single friends no we got you Ross okay
bye Anthony hi
now I'm really screwed you Nathan I'm
meeting up with Anthony later tonight
but in the meantime I gotta flow and
he's going to his house with his family
and then we're gonna run this Ohio gang
back at home guys yo check out the crib
this is where I grew up guys such a nice
little family home and yo check out the
hamsters whip mom you're balling your
ball and convertible drop Oh where's
Toby Buster Jake their dad
what they're dead dogs
Oh our dogs that we grew up with are
dead yeah this is a taupe Christmas tree
and I am totally riding it down our dogs
are actually dead
Toby buster we got these dogs like how
long ago 10 years
this is mine where when you did mine
mine mine mine mine guys today's iPhone
winner goes to Hilary Johnston's
from Louisville Hilary congratulations
you want an iPhone guys and it's
dynamite December so I'm giving away an
iPhone a day if you guys want to win it
all you got the dough his follow me on
instagram jake paul right nobody and
guys don't forget to get the hottest
march in the game fans right at Kobach
slash jake paul the status red shirt
then now and forever switchers those are
my two favorite book copy before they
sell out and mom i mean i need you to be
my videographer when Anthony's not here
god this thing's heavy
we got a lot going on here in Ohio and I
will see y'all tomorrow because every
day bro biess you're supposed to get
like a little bit more dynamic with it
okay
alright they're good no it's everyday
for Opie's
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to hexed
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake vol 2
which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
