- you got this - and he just comes it
was like Windex good morning Jake
haulers I'm really sick and tired of
Jake just thinking he can prank me
however he wants like i TP the house he
eggs my Jeep there's a big difference
there also I broke out this morning I'm
convinced it's because he egged my Jeep
I got uncle Nathan behind the camera
here stopping us out okay I go Nathan
you're the best come here basically
we're gonna throw eggs at Jake he's
upstairs
he just got up he's getting ready we're
getting ready to get him back oh boy did
you throw an egg at me yesterday no no
no next week oh okay you like eggs in
morning yeah all right follow me don't
mess with tricky Rick
good morning Jake what is too cheap
Cheers okay Cheers good morning Jake
polish bullets go it down if you're new
you're I'm Jake Paul you guys are the
Jake polish this is the cheap guys we
are on the move put your blog belts on
it's another day of adventure in
another's day Hill in the flipping game
dampen on the haters and another day of
Comerica whoa another day of america my
new guys we actually saw this hilarious
video and it had us all dying roll the
clip I tried just one chillin that set
from mouth on fire and I had a drink at
a later Mountain day I tried this one
chili and set my mouth off
another day of America another day of
Mountain Dew I like to thank my sponsors
mom dude they're not really our sponsors
but it could be better now but like I
said guys team 10 is already on the move
we got Erica in the belly we gotta
locate in the beloved got Chad in the
Builder girl kite man Tony in the
balloon and speaking of teams head being
on the move guys we were in the team ten
days ago
but guys what I was trying to get it at
is yesterday Logan tried to light this
van on fire with gasoline you don't need
it he donated he's crazy but I mean I
figured out that I'm his life
beneficiary so Logan dies I get all of
his stuff so guys we need to come up
with a plan to kill let's go let's go
down that shouldn't be too hard I don't
think all we gotta do is put a tough
protein powder and a hot chicken in a
sketchy location and lead him there no
but we actually could put poisonous
powder in his protein then he would die
and actually I think that's a great idea
any of water money first you thirsty you
thirsty for attention you thirsty for
them like you thirsty for them ID huh
you thirsty for everything I needed um
actually
anyways he'll know you're trying to kill
us yesterday shut up
also yesterday guys I reacted to Erica's
ex-boyfriends he his hands yeah it's a
hip fish who's coming guys it's actually
all of our last day together like I'm
leaving tonight everyone's leaving our
sponsors homes
Erica's jumping out you out the door
you're not strong enough to jump out
those are the rules
John Becca you won't
I got to see the kids first guys we are
on our way guys to do a bunch of Mako
wishes the Jake Pollard's are so strong
that I think we we became like one of
the most requested like making wishes
ever right yeah number one well I'm the
number one most requested make-a-wish
you're not first you're last don't want
but there were so many requests that I
couldn't do them all so I think we're
doing a bunch of mega wishes like all at
once we get to meet a bunch of Jake
Pollard's and hang out together like a
family guys it's gonna be awesome and
it's Christmastime and we're spreading a
light this is your last day before I
don't have a videographer for ten days
you're right music oh yeah he needs to
go home for Christmas and spend time
with his family
sweet blog life one life Nathan you're
going home yeah I'm going home too but
I'm still logging that means I'm gonna
have a videographer for ten days maybe
even see you in Michigan bro I'll see
you then
you're fired well I'm hired so Anthony
you're gonna be my videographer
no no it's looking like a hard no no
find me out flat me out I'll do okay you
know pretend the thing is you do not
operate Logan
you have you seen his vlogs all right
cool thank you Tony try not to fart on
the lense though yeah this is actually
be like a good weapon you know if anyone
ever breaks into the team 10-man and
we're in here nap guys good news is all
cars are equipped with these weapons
they come standard on almost every
vehicle nowadays too if you learn this
procedure you can be safe for two easy
payments of $19.99 oh wait there's more
the merchandise right now guys is on
sale for a limited time only christmas
edition special go to the link in the
description and get my favorite
sweatshirt at the status sweatshirt or
the now and forever sweatshirt I can't
figure it out but guys some exciting
stuff is happening today and also later
today it's Christmas Day bro the music
video
comes out here's a little sneak peek
whoa you're gonna want to watch the full
thing in a couple of hours guys we gotta
go because it's gonna turn into a
copyright situation
however we are about to go meet the
make-a-wish kids guys I'm so excited
we're meeting Chloe chirping in from
Iowa Aiden Johnson from Erie
Pennsylvania which is next oh hi oh so
he's gotta be lit and Antonio Mitchell
from st. Louis Missouri they came all
the way here we're gonna play some
arcade games lemon do you know what it
is lit here does anybody know what today
is
Sunday Funday it's a big day maybe for
Christine it's it's our last day in Los
Angeles but what else is it anniversary
it's our six-month anniversary of when
we got married kill Logan yeah
we gotta go meet the kids hey babe your
story what did you do
hooyo guys everybody acted nice towards
Logan because I don't want you to
suspect that we're gonna kill him later
flash-forward guys I'm hiring an
assassin to kill Logan and so I brought
in an assassin by the name of Logan's
not gonna have any idea guys and it's
strictly business like Logan said
yesterday I'm killing him because
there's a lot of money I get his money
when he dies you're ready to play some
games or what no Anthony's just over
there playing by himself I don't know
what's going on guys look who decided to
show up if it isn't mr. Logan Paul
Howard Lee correct
you got this fancy Rolex but don't know
how to use it all right I'm late it's my
brand
make a wish it's not the WWE ah sorry
God yo you want to
thank awake you choose not this much
okay it's Logan's first make-a-wish
I'm excited he's excited he's just
started attacking me my girl Stephanie's
here if we're trying to play this giant
claw game and look who decided to show
up
I would be mad at Andy because he tried
to kill me yesterday
all right sure spending time with Chloe
and she's roasting everyone what did you
just say the Anthony I don't know cuz
you're dating Justin's mom and you have
a girlfriend yeah but they're okay with
it and then Chloe tells me that her
little brother is a player you're a
player how many girls how many
girlfriends all right we're here with my
boy Aidan
we got him hooked up with them a game
that's right that's right so mom knows
mom knows my vibe yo my man here plays
basketball and apparently he's a
sharpshooter when the team ten
basketball court is done
are you coming the ball I need a point
guard
Antonio when the building say what's up
so yeah we're doing it we're doing it
guys apparently he's a beast at
scootering Tanner Fox were calling you
out bro here go anything
forget they say that jerk is my real bro
look at
chair flip yo how's your windshield bro
I mean it's in the shop but you paid for
it that's a $6,000 baseball swing right
there kids so now we are currently at
the st. Jude Children's Hospital guys I
don't know if I've ever said it but like
I donated some money to this hospital so
I will come in to check in like meet
some kids hopefully put some spice I got
a big box of merch form too and I go
that's what Santa Claus
my favorite sweatshirt guys is actually
the status sweatshirt or the now and
forever sweatshirt but you guys remember
like a big dream of mine came true Kade
you were there for this no they put me
into the need for speed video game video
game check this out
look at me guys this is like a dream
come true look at all I'm fast bro I'm
fast
Oh daddy but you can actually see rain
bro guys is actually sick guys chase
your dreams mrs. Clarke said I was never
gonna make it
you
all right you guys want to be in the
vlog stay with sub squad this is the gap
this is Gavin's army right here
Gavin strong they got marching
everything I gave him my Easy's you got
it you have them bro I don't have them
any other there Gavin's okay
guys the hospital was awesome my boy
Gavin who gave him your shoes but guys
as you saw her yesterday Logan tried to
kill me no that's I did that on purpose
yeah we ran supposed to show you yet no
it's supposed to take a big reveal Titus
okay you just stay there all right they
were supposed to be like a big reveal
type of thing but he ruined it's fine
I'm not mad just just keep standing
there okay buddy all right I think I got
he's good he's got it obviously it's
kind of a good joke we're like killing
each other
what I'm Logan's beneficiary so if he
dies I get all of his money you know uh
and so I wanted to hire the most lethal
the most badass assassin that I could
possibly think of the person who has the
number-one chance of actually killing
Logan and making it seem like I wasn't
involved and so I brought in an assassin
by the name of mini JP
so we're going to Logan's house right
now and I'm gonna have Titus aka mini
Jake Paul I'm gonna have him sneak into
Logan's house and murder him with this
headrest guys as you been saying this is
a lethal weapon you take this out of the
van and you said hit and that stamp it
he's he's got it now we're gonna go kill
Logan oh you said you've killed 40
people is that what you said are you
ready to go yes oh not Logan no you got
me Logan at the Maverick house
I've never been here yeah all right I'm
putting this camera on your head you
don't look like an assassin okay got it
Titus you got this buddy and he just
fucked it with like Windex
and you they're like what time what time
where'd he go
I'm trying to kill you you tried to kill
me he said he was an assassin saying a
five-year-old dude hit me with the Z
head over to chair he forgot that part
that's why I do it should we not try to
kill each other anymore
probably not I know I smell what ain't J
told me I smell cool so it has nothing
do baby respect everything has nothing
do with everything anyway yeah with you
makes so much sense with everything you
say where do we go it's for solid two
seconds I thought my life was over this
is what you gave him no I am gonna need
you to get them out of my house so let
me help you up how did that Sasson go
thank you
you want the job no it's over Titus yeah
you it's done you try remember pretty
pretty wise kid I can see the
resemblance
yeah he looks more like me bro look at
you had fun
you're a bad assassin guys cop yourself
some of the hottest merch in the game yo
check this out man I think this is my
favorite one oh the winter collection is
hot like we said guys today was so much
fun it was another crazy adventure and
today's iPhone winner goes to Aubree
wathah from Fontana offer you
congratulations guys if you wanna win an
iPhone all you have to do is follow me
on Instagram and yeah and we will see
you tomorrow
because you say every day about peace
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
