which one is him please tell me about
the one all right
anyway you did not you did not date that
dude I did it's about the don't down
chance and Anthony up in their room
right now and they will stop Jamie come
on bro so we decided to use this
leftover snow and this thing right here
you guys know what this is it's a merge
going on today it's gonna be a snow guy
that was dope
thank we've done this before so I'm
making snow ball it's gonna fill this up
with snow we're gonna rush in there and
blast away on them because it only makes
perfect sense to do this because we have
all of this leftover snow from when we
did our giant snow slide
it's not snow it's more like ice
crystals it's kind of hard
okay we lost them we lost them sorry
Japanese but good morning Jay ballers
what's Cody
hallelujah amen I thought the snow thing
was gonna work for sure but Anthony that
still hasn't moved like he's still
gaming right now
oh boy got blasted with an ice cannon
and just stayed Sonic just got it out of
that I pull like I said guys I'm
one-handed clapping because today is
gonna be awesome I'm giving myself a
round of applause and if you're new here
I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's this is the team ten house and
it is lit every single day bro we're
finally back into California we've been
traveling a ton guys lately it's another
day of dynamite December pull because we
love Christmas and what better month to
get lit in December hey leave me alone
I'm funny
somebody hire me you're hired yesterday
was absolutely insane manager keV and k2
raced for $1,000 we're giving the money
to charity and then we're playing in a
celebrity soccer game on national
television I scored a goal you know how
I do it and like I said you wouldn't
believe what I did on national
television a little bit of a
flash-forward right now guys squats
squats - later today guys I think Erica
is coming over hashtag Jericho see you
next week no merry dance also I get this
like weird slight feeling that Logan is
up to something today I think he's gonna
come yourself flash-forward I don't know
if he's coming up but hopefully is and
if he is then you're still watching this
and I'm still gonna flash forward
because that means he came here what
guys you aren't caught up to speed right
now we are vlogging earlier this morning
because it all started in Houston my
scanner man give me a hug dude
goodbye Houston you were good to me
Bank we gotta go and uh I actually flew
a plane all the way home to Los Angeles
is that why the ride was so don't need
your go Kate I flew the damn plane damn
it are you good
okay I'm gonna keep blogging oh you guys
I pull a plane as I flew us back from
Houston to LA through the whole entire
plane guys I did it look at all these
controlling - I got you guys don't worry
I got you guys I flew it flew the holder
where there but yo I always wanted to be
a bag like Katy Perry says it like do
you ever feel like a plastic bag
drifting through the wind wanting to
guys I've always wanted to be a bag so I
was a bag
oh that's my bag that's my bag so then
we made it back to the team tent house
hashtag mansion I mean sorry it's a
mansion and so I got home and you know
will you get home like it's settled a
and unpack your stuff catch up with
people and I was like talking to Chad
here okay and I was like Chad what did I
miss
while I was gone who played a clip
that's exactly what he did and he was
like bro this is what we did and he
shows me this clip we will do double
jumps in the boxes right now Christmas
honey now no one just does that for fun
Chad you're weird you're a weird dude
look we're an item with Ian can I go
back to skateboarding yeah I'm gonna
make a video about you I don't think
people understand is that I'm leaving
team ten will you subsequently make a
video about people on T ten and me yeah
you mean low gang don't come follow me I
get home I was waiting for Apollo and
Athena to come running into my arms and
like a movie scene or something cute
like that and realized that they're gone
man Apollo and Athena are gone I know
they're at training school right now and
the training school actually sent me a
couple of pictures of them becoming
better dogs because it's so needed
they're they're terrible terrible dogs
but they look you but then guys which
some of you might have saw
oh and and I have no I got hacked and I
had to get my accounts back and we
figured out who the hacker was it's
little six-year-old in Ben Hampton like
really look how does he even have access
to these like amount of run Forrest run
I'm gonna come back up there with snow I
will
but basically Ben Hampton hacked us in
order to prove himself that he's good
enough and smart enough to join Team
10th doesn't really make sense but
alright but he wouldn't give us our
accounts back until I let him in to team
ten and so we had a negotiation earlier
this morning
which went completely sideways but we
ended up getting our accounts back check
it we're about to do this negotiation
always do it because he always has that
revenge side to you don't mean like he's
like you bro yeah you destroyed my room
roll the clip guys what did Ben do like
he was basically already on teams and
there's like a Sour Patch Kid right but
except he's sweet first then he's sour
who farted how was wearing the hoodie oh
you okay I'm going live with it what do
you want to be on Team 10 is that what
you're trying to say to it to say to us
I did tell you to prove yourself I
haven't even posted my vlog yet today
I'm waiting to get my YouTube account
back I mean I want my yu-gi-oh all my
stuff back dude yeah I mean have my
Instagram what country will a what do
you mean
the top drawer next to your situation
shut up look oh no bro you're evil bro
this is an actual contract it's a team
playing country for a white okay Ben
Hampton we better get our accounts back
then you promise you're not gonna leave
oh oh no okay I might prank you in the
mornings is that cool if you really need
you we'll just talk about it will tell
you yeah we could collaborate yeah or
just text me before you leave must at
least text for your manager yeah anyone
just any before here it is here it is
Ben oh my gosh
it's sign
access the passwords and stuff please I
mean I guess revenue team den member
cool that was that was in alright you
don't do that again
Ben is officially on Team
congratulations Ben we love you and look
guys now we're watching the soccer game
on TV check it out legit this is bro I
think they're about to show my
celebration from the angle of the
television cameras rainbow so far the
celebration the celebration much like
you Maya
guys this is the dance that you have to
do when you make it on TV
however guys no good to them we are up
to no good I think we inspire each other
to do dump correct
no but there's actually motive behind
this one because you guys saw that erica
was the one that tp'ed the team house
what goes along with TP is an
old-fashioned prank egging and basically
guys I haven't gotten revenge on her yet
and it's prank call so eric is about to
be here at the team tent house and now
we're gonna hide and let's say the eggs
are gonna be hatching I'm not a good
just to practice Oh
well my name is dawn it is really it's
oh yeah I'm sorry too thank you another
video well he said no aims on point okay
Erica's gonna be here soon though oh
she's doghouse tonight is Jericho this
is my brand new Jeep I can't believe you
would do that are you mad at me
I think you look really sexy you're
really good-looking and I love your
personality and no hey baby it's not
that bad really
eggs on the cars this way before you
came was to eat goats no I'm not saying
no no don't be mad at me I'm leaving
thank you can't be a part of prank wars
if you're gonna be solved like five
hundred no I haven't I haven't cranky
since you tp'ed the house I was gonna
break your windshield I said I broke
Justin Frank me I'm not just gonna take
an L see you next week no Merry
Christmas Dave I know Erica erica
Erica I'll buy you a go haha she's about
to hit your car no there's no way she's
doing it oh you want Erica no honey calm
down honey no no no you won't like a
little evil go I'm sorry
mmm-hmm mad at me mmm-hmm you guys suck
- guys when you make a girl mad and
she's really good-looking and you like
her you have to listen to her the girls
are always in charge
is that window open honestly cleaners
now then once you draw it here honey
this Jeep was yeah look I'm sorry Erica
yeah yeah if you're gonna if we're gonna
be no no I'm not here we're gonna be a
thing I was just like you're gonna I was
thrown off you know you're gonna have my
man Tony I'm not your I'm not the
average guy I'm not an average boring
guy you're gonna have to be a yeast
trying to hit some yeah actually is a
good idea why saying that made me think
like you're I thought you're a Hindi at
something there like none it made me
think about the people that you've dated
in the past but I want to see them yeah
I want to see them I think you've met hi
Jake nice to meet you oh you had
pictures of him when we reacted to your
dear ex-boyfriends I'm telling you
there's not very many
I mean you guys saw the start of that
look what he comes running into my house
with gasoline cans dumping them
everywhere it's all over the inside of
the house here's my logic right okay
I'm Jake's beneficiary so if he dies I
get to decide how he's money to split up
I don't know if you know this Jake
powers look around my boys could make
see a lot of money to do nothing
personal bro just like strictly cash
business moves I would love to have all
this so I basically what had happened
was as I touched his logging I was like
yo you're my beneficiary I need some
like information to give it to my cons
and he tries to kill me to get all my
money no I respect that dawg I'm your
beneficiary
hmm so if you die I get all your money
technically but I was kind of like
joking yeah I don't think I'd actually
follow through with you killing you
actually believe I would never kill you
no Tony get the fucking gun baby you
probably do the Lamborghini you know
Abby's gonna kill me too bro no it's no
baby they were the ones that TP the
house no I can hear you I also have 24/7
security all right oh you do yeah if I
put on a wig and go like this let me I
told you guys that he was up to
something I could sense it earlier in
the day but yo I found out that I'm his
beneficiary so like strictly business I
want to react to your ex-boyfriend see I
like pictures of that I mean we can look
at their instagrams but one of them has
been blocked so yes mainly because of
you
oh because of me what did I do just look
in this sexy Blake house my first
boyfriend that was like a long time ago
registered nurse you know I'm not nurse
that's embarrassing
Blake the murse oh boy I'm sorry Blake
you hit his head I mean you do you seems
like it he seems like a nice guy yeah he
rides camels yeah the other one you have
to look at
what if I'm blocked I would die we don't
dis chat phone your block - he blocked
me Macchio he hates us like so much why
he's got Hugh I ain't here you did not
you did not date that dude I did for a
while
well you don't gotta lie to me right
here we're friends Harlan let me upgrade
you actually cuz this is a good lesson
like it is more than the looks but I've
met this one it's like talking to a door
he stayed at the team panel what is he
weird - you're like super cool he was
cool he knew I was mr. studio so that's
about it those are the only official
boyfriend's I've ever had well you've
got one and you only need one right
there oh boy bye dad thank you
I mean they're not bad right
actually what like they're pretty bad
you're a wonderful girl so anyone would
be lucky to have you
oh sorry for egging your car today's
iphone winner goes to mark santiago from
Escondido guys if you want to win an
iPhone this month we'll give you a one a
day all you have to do is follow me on
Instagram right now at Jake Paul you
could win an iPhone bro cut yourself
some of the hottest merch in the game
fans Royko backslash Jake Paul Jordan
strongest team on YouTube smash that
subscribe button
and I will see y'all for another crazy
adventure tomorrow because these thanks
for doing my outro so happy didn't outro
just like I have to say Oh what are you
a everyday bro peace
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on a daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
