I scored a goal and celebrated on
national TV with Mertz Lincoln while all
my stomach it's so intense out there
guys it's so intense good morning what
is Gucci party people whoa yeah we're
bored right now man welcome to my life
my name is Jake Paul you guys are the
Jake callers this is Houston Texas and
today is my bag day but yo we'll get
into all of that in a second put your
vlog belts on it's about to go down
I call this one Houston hotel lampshade
we're born and we have nothing to do
dodgeball
I think I'm the winner boys instead of
good morning Jake apologies it's good
morning Kate wait yeah hello banana to
the side of the face off camera I told
him I was like yell bro just like tried
to go easy and like don't throw it at my
face and then really I was the one who
was gonna throw it at his face because
we are on opposite teams today guys for
this big game that is about to go down
houston we're here for a celebrity
soccer game making you look like a fool
I'm national television I thought we're
gonna be on the same team but figured
out not and that's right through bananas
face but welcome to my life guys and
like I said it's going down like I said
guys it's going down I'm yelling timber
another day of savagery another day of
dabbing on the haters and it's another
day of dynamite December and lastly
another day of vlogging in cars with
drivers who I don't know let's use the
Skinner how are you timber oh hey man
what's your name hey Jake nice to meet
you Oh Oh guys we're trying to figure
out what I'm getting for my birthday and
it just drove on yeah I don't know if I
don't want to get the Dodge Viper ACR
check that oh there's more cars which
reminds me that the Lamborghini is
almost done
being supercharged guys man 200
horsepower but guys we're hitting the
streets right now because we have a lot
of things that we have to take care of
first things first oh I hit my leg first
things first is you got to fuel up for
your big days party people that's my
friend Ron however guys most people say
that we Dee's are the breakfast of
champions and I have to disagree right
she said right he's in wacker from
Disney Channel
there we go most people think that we DS
are the breakfast of champions its
bagels bagels are the breakfast of
champions bro Legolas Regulus
this soccer game is like actually
massive I guess I didn't really realize
how big of a game it was gonna be and
it's going on national television we're
playing like under the lights at night
it's uncle K you're going down you're
washed up okay you too old bro you
missed your prime back in high school
outside never too late to blow the rust
off these puppies you better play like
this because the second you open those
legs son
nutmeg for the whole world to see
because it's on national ha ha and the
reason why that's false tell me more
please it's because the Jake Pollard's
never lose can I get an amen to that
amen that was just him so thank you
thank you no one's Senate amen amen
see we never lose don't double dab that
constant he's got the pause thing on
this it just takes me into this beauty
bloggers in there and I gotta take me
get it sorry okay I know you can hear me
he's frozen right now yeah like the
movie are you were the family she has no
idea what that is yeah Kate as I was
saying though you have no chance look at
you bro you're just over here eating
tomatoes and and and lettuce that's not
gonna fuel you to a victory bro
hey whoa okay yeah I can't say anything
back yeah I mean that's Richard the most
me when I can't talk oh yeah easy to
talk to a kid who's frozen okay but
actually though like I'm a beast at
soccer Steve Nash guys is our team's
captain and he drafted me onto his team
because he knows how good I am
yeah and you guys know Steve Nash he's
like one of the best basketball players
of all time bro yeah one of the most
basketball players of all time we're
playing soccer
I don't give and since this game is on
national television I have something
planned you're not gonna believe what it
is you simply won't believe it man you
won't believe it I don't know if you
guys have ever seen this but there's
this butter and it's called I can't
believe it's not butter
but it's butter it's like it's like you
can't believe that it's not butter but
it is butter mr. little Jonah says
you're not gonna believe what I'm gonna
do on national television gosh damn it
hey sorry like I was saying guys since
it's on national television
yo I'm tryna look so Agee broke we do
that and also I sweat a lot so I don't
want to look dumb so I'm getting this
headband it's gonna make me run faster
I'm gonna look sexy get another banana
hi guys we are in the locker room right
now the game is starting soon it is
going down I got my own Jersey and put
my name on the back they didn't have
number 10 but they do have number 23
because LeBron baby you know how we Paul
helped baby Cleveland representing like
that you're going down guys like I said
you're not gonna believe what I'm doing
on TV right now all about the Mercs
merch Lincoln mile band road I go back
sorry you can't take this top off unless
you score so I'm going to score wrong we
have a team name yet do if team names we
be called the flip fairies
I'm about to go and I'm rows manager
Kevin the building you know so much
excitement it's funny cuz y'all thought
it was a game I'm busting out the eye
black cuz I got the swag like that bro a
lot I black I'm gonna be so much faster
now bro so I do uneven like that it's
kind of weird right don't keep though
no no not a banana with the bananas Jake
what is it with you a banana purple
teams going down
mas - we're blue oh that's blue I'm
sorry I'm colorblind like my brother
oh do I feel we're walking out I got
photographers take pictures of me hope
is coming like a legitimate MLS soccer
player
he has no idea what he's doing
if you film that bad yeah I was the
perfect time to talk about this though
last night a text message Shane is going
down manager Kevin oh go cave get into
an argument noise I hit up Kane and I
said what's the over-under on him being
tired in ten minutes okay well basically
it ended up them betting $1,000 on a
footrace
so manager Kevin's gonna race Kade for
$1,000 guys the proceeds go to charity
and might a stretch for like an hour
this morning I think this is gonna be
really interesting so I'm down rose we
doing it manager Kevin gets super into
these things he hates losing
are you longer no that thing is huge bro
that's huge look any images here in
Houston oh wow worldwide always bug
that's my guy all right guys they're
going from this orange flag - that one's
black all the way down there
this is serious don't get hit by any
bananas while you're racing your stay
here I'm going to the finish line
he's our facilitator now he's got
Oh doesn't mean you're still not gonna
lose the Gameboy I would have had you
back we fair enough - it's so good I'm
already tired it's the bagel and we got
landed Donovan on our team he's one of
the best players ever it's almost game
time we're going down guys they got a
camera on me guys I'm here sorry sorry
I'm late so you want me to give the
speech Oh guys we are the foot fairies
and we do not lose wrong now I'm trying
to think of something cool to say
goodbye on three one two yeah they asked
me if I wanted to start and uh I was
just like you know everyone else has got
it yeah they got it cool cool cool all
right how do I hear guys where do I go
are we playing screw you're still okay
I just tried to touch it was not my
fault
I tried to catch it with my hand my legs
water oh my gosh probably shouldn't had
those bagels Willie Willie Willie
I did it mom
good girl
Oh
do you come here often
okay tomorrow
once we do fire
guys I scored a goal and celebrated on
national TV with Mertz Lincoln my hair
on my stomach it's so intense out there
guys it's so intense what happens if I
cross the line rules so we're doing like
penalty kicks if you make it in the top
right of the goal or top and left it
raises $1,500 for charity so we're doing
good things man nothing fun I scored
that I did about it's going to a shout
out to Jake Pollard's for showing up it
was a tie game
how did it happen in the final seconds
bro okay Cades going first with his
charity kick no brush your uncle K leave
that up there we've already raised like
$20,000
okay guys so like I said $1500 if I make
it in the top right there's a lot of
pressure I'm gonna try and do it guys
$1500 back at the hotel guys and when I
came back to my room a fan apparently
got this for me so you guys know that J
colors are so strong whoever got that
for me thank you guys so much
Ilia focus on the positive in everything
you do in life bro and today's iphone
winner goes to Linda Davis from Houston
since we're here in Houston
congratulations guys if you want to win
an iPhone all you got to do is follow me
on instagram at jake paul go now clap
yourself some of the hottest march in
the game guys I think this is my
favorite one then now and forever hoodie
I think this is my new favorite one but
today was so much fun I scored a goal we
raised $25,000 for charity I can only
imagine what tomorrow's adventure holds
for us guys so I will see you then
because it's everyday bro peace
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow
oops
