what do you mean you've got this I don't
know what I'm doing have you ever played
before no okay so this is look move jump
for real good morning Jake what is gucci
go say hi Erica morning Jake Palmer in
wait to see a Zamani what is going on
you sexy piece if you're new here my
name is dick far doing stuff with my
hands you guys are the dick Paula can
you just put your belts on and get ready
guys cuz it's about to be a roller
coaster ride we're here in New York the
effect the effect didn't work hold on
I'm gonna do it again and then it's
gonna be cool we're here in New York is
lit that guys wearing he's wearing merch
you can't really tell it might look a
little bit edited but look he's wearing
March fans right on Co backslash ah your
mom heal but for real guys like New York
is Papa right now but I legitimately
don't even know why I am here I was told
that someone was coming to do my makeup
at nine o'clock so I got my makeup done
hashtag makeup and literally the rest is
up in the air like I don't know why I'm
here I think we're gonna find out in one
second guys but yo like let's talk about
this makeup cuz like I don't know about
the whole makeup thing guys but it was
just New York Fashion Weekend so if
you're not coming in full style look at
my stuff look at my style they think you
shot
they're not killing the style of game
bro literally there's a guy in New York
his name is fashion man he looks like
this and he literally goes around New
York and he finds people that don't have
dope fashion and he comes down with a
baseball bat and so basically if you're
in New York you gotta look sexy you know
look at this fashion feeling myself look
at that I still got my Jay Paul march on
though what's up Halloween edition
families I know that's that's your mom
like I said the overall point is though
we're here in New York I don't know why
Derek is here it's so cute hashtag
cringe Brenda and this is the mostly
YouTube channel so without any further
ado Lester
chimichangas Kevin yo Kevin man you cats
good thank you big guy cab yo why am I
here in New York why am I here so we're
headed to the we're headed to the Toy
Fair no you know what the fair yeah what
is a toy there what am I going to a fair
oh my my fire for my four years old Paul
he's very much do you look at it like
this guys worried about you yeah they
represent thanks bro
cool really fair you got a signing at
the poster company honestly though a
couple of things I think the fashion man
is gonna come down and get you yeah it's
not a joke I'm just trying to play for
tonight I played it like one or two
times on xbox and I'm literally already
addicted
honestly the game is incredible like I
said I'm already dating I think I'm
gonna try to get Erika to play it for
the first time you don't say oh sorry
but for real there's literally nothing
hotter than girls playing video games so
I think I'm gonna try to get Erika to
play it with me later you know it has to
take bonding
so we're finally into the toy fair I got
my badge and everything Jake Paul team
10 rep toy Association member I am legit
I don't know what this is honestly it
really looks scary like if you look at
it yo there's so many toys the weird
thing is it's like all adult which is
why it's scary yo who is this choch
y'all doing a mean grief I just got this
it's for Erica yeah look at how scary
this thing is there's Jake Paul posters
everywhere I'm right here I'm right
there
these are all coming out into stores
soon guys we are so out here cuz the
problem is is that Erica always finds a
way to be involved somehow they just put
a go in the middle of the poster god
damn it you're crazy
are you a Jay Paul oh my god you're huge
you know what's going up sorry I'm
grabbing this okay the Dominion yeah
minion impressions bro how are you no
I'm good this is really weird I'm
talking to an inanimate object currently
at the Toy Fair guys what do you do for
fun bingo people you talk to people sing
us a song okay we're gonna just put a
little bit like that and then check this
out what am i doing
yes just look at it just look at
marshmallow mouth trick shot watching
this toy fair
you know the toy player was late guys
they got a bunch of toys no I found Jake
polish they got me a cake through with
your happy for you it's time to play
this day is become addicted yo I'm not
good so don't judge me now hey don't
play a hey I'm just the kid with the
dream everyone close like two times guys
you're gonna see my gamertag oh gosh
it's over I know my xbox is screwed from
now on hey guys if you're a Jake polar
and you don't know what fortnight it is
I respect that but you're still gonna
enjoy this video cuz I'm about to catch
bodies I'm going Gracie here we go I'm
driving boys let's get it oh snap I'll
and you know it's I like I said guys I'm
not good at this game up oh yeah
that's bad I'm aborting the mission go
online is oh oh I see purple Oh
medikit okay oh no I just jump too far
damage myself I hear footsteps the
puppy's right there I'm embarrassed guys
that's the first time I've ever played
on cameraman and I just got destroyed Oh
car car that is the car that's the car
hard like honestly I have no idea like
this chance and Anthony take this game
so seriously they're the ones that got
me hooked on this I know it's out I feel
like Logan skydiving and there's like
parachute doesn't open does that mean
your parachute open up that was a bad
landing uh-oh I see a guy there's people
okay there's guns in this house
to your left yeah you set a trap bro
where's this try might be right outside
oh there it is there it is there it is
see straight ahead of you oh he killed
someone with it they just went off oh
he's here no no no I'm reloading
I'm reloading now if you guys at home
know I have played this game you know
just how intense it is cuz yeah there it
is oh yeah now you don't get full shield
Oh No
what no you're not going to stop no
you're not going to the Saadat you're
playing come on no what do you mean you
got this I don't know what I'm doing
have you ever played before me no okay
when it says it's time to go you jump
you ready to jump high right time you're
gonna press a I'm gonna make you go to
tilt it out no okay ready
you want to go here go there go there go
there once you get down you have to get
it's gonna pull your parachute you're
gonna get right in and you got you're
gonna want to go that town yeah aim
towards the town up up up
pressing a no no you go oh going to this
house see this house go in and get a gun
okay go in access to open doors sits the
blue button go on the door X once you go
up to the dance this is bad chill Oh huh
there's a gun oh you're dancing down
look at the gun that you don't want to
get to the top of the hill am I supposed
to be holding my gun like that oh
there's a shotgun axes X God I'll get
the ammo can do now go back out of the
tunnel okay wait let me see if I can do
this down no no no Frank no down more
straight now all right right your other
right your other right oh that's what
you want me to do oh you're making it up
all right
okay now okay can you tell how this is
now can you jump that's a and jump over
the wall no I think I want to shoot as P
pop you're definitely dead no your
building that was like really bad yeah
we're done all right second go down all
right we're done sure guys
sure top yourself selling hottest words
to the game fans are like Oh backslash
your mom you saw the status treacherous
my favorite sweatshirt in the game by
bro who's making these hot clothes dog
and we will see you here in New York
tomorrow because it's everyday bro peace
be a go know join the everyday bro
movement people and calc your self some
of the hottest
urged in the game go right now because
the take collars sell every
hang out and smash that subscribe button
and join the most late YouTube channel
on YouTube I'll see you all tomorrow
