and there's time to talk about the story
of what happened last night someone
tried to kill me
video it went great
oh I shut up
good morning day 4
oh you guys take polish that is lit
every single day bro guys it's currently
6 a.m. sorry about that
we finished the 24 hour challenge though
are you not excited okay I'll see you
later
you know they say the early bird gets
the worm and we're getting warm people
wake up well seconds later
like I said party people we are on our
way to Houston right now I got my boy
Ross in the build and say what sell for
us and it is going down I'm yelling you
know timber it's going down I'm yelling
timber it's so bright out there man
however guys we got invited to a
celebrity soccer game and it's not just
any celebrity soccer game it's a charity
celebrity soccer game and you guys know
how I feel about charity it's the bomb
come on guys wake up oh yes oh we had a
situation I'm gonna explain it later but
basically like no joke I know the
youtubers and stuff exaggerate things
but someone tried to kill me yesterday
in my car yeah we'll get into all that
oh we got some balls to kick aid and
y'all are now a part of this journey you
just became a jig parlor
strap up strap up we're in here since we
are here I do have to say one thing and
it's ill can you believe this man if I'm
not playing private then I am pissed
what are they serving on our flight as
far as food goes and I need my Gucci
luggage to be like touching other people
and like be like thrown around like a
rag doll oh my god
is this what it's like to be like normal
I don't know they can do it peel here I
don't know how to do this I only fly
private I'm gonna leave it open for you
I'm just kidding guys run run Forrest
run run I didn't even go on a plane
until I was like 17
but flying private is pretty nice but
the funny thing is is all these people
that are running
he's a vlogger the mistake - everyone's
making is there a hole running through
the airport the fastest form of travel
and an airport is the steamroller he's
right we made it to our flight guys and
whenever I'm in a public place I like to
test this out when you're in Ohio and
you say oh H someone else is supposed to
apply it i oh it usually looks like 100%
of the time let's see if we work all
right
but I did randomly make a vine about
this one time and it wore there's a lot
of Midwesterners Ohio prom but yo
actually gonna be going home to Ohio
soon for Christmas and if you guys
remember last Christmas we started this
tradition with Roman Atwood where we're
gonna meet up every Christmas in Ohio
and do something gnarly if you weren't a
jig puller then I'm sorry and you should
be hit Jake positive grab items on our
last Christmas we jumped a limo so uh
yeah I can basically only imagine what's
gonna happen this Christmas everything
is bigger everything is better for yo
it's time for Texas is in front of us
bonden haters like I said Texas we're
here Jake Paul is a failure half of my
life is spent in an SUV with a random
guy what's your name is Skinner Skinner
yeah name Skinner or Albert or Carlos
Carlos or Ross like you got your hater
blockers on them honey no oh the weird
part about it too is that every like
driver that I'm with and Jake bothers
like it's not planned at all every
driver that I'm with is like good at
vlogging it's weird
but yo houston we are here guys in a
little bit we're gonna be surprising
families with a ton of like materials
because families here are still affected
by the hurricane that hit and went
through Houston so we're here to give
them like materials put a smile on their
face there's a ton of other celebrities
that are here and we're doing a
celebrity in a soccer game as well for
charity all the proceeds are going back
to like help hurricane Harvey relief
efforts Houston helpers are still out
that's right that's right
and once again if you weren't a Jake
Paul or back when we came to Houston
then first of all what are you doing
during the strongest team on YouTube but
if you weren't here I kind of want to do
a quick recap of like when we were here
because it was it was one of the most
life-changing and humbling things that
I've ever been involved with
all righty I'm gonna pick you up we'll
get everyone on the back of the truck
and then we'll drive out all right this
is
the most insane thing I've ever seen
hi we got a little puppy rescue is the
first mission
guess I'm still truly humbled by those
events but now we're back to help some
more the city still needs our help and
what better way to do it than to play it
in a celebrity Center Cave Road and a
while back we did a soccer trick shot
video yeah we were playing with a USA
pro soccer player named Stu
he's the one that invited us to come
play in this game look at this guy's we
get to Texas and they got cowboy hats on
howdy y'all
oh my god it's the full experience bro
Skinner we killed the game keep on
blocking out those haters and I'm gonna
keep on sayin I mean oh yah we get into
the hotel and I almost forgot that it's
dynamite December and look at this
gingerbread Wonderland look at this
guy's
guys in our hotel room now and honestly
we're bored we don't have anything to do
for like another hour a couple things
though orange you glad I didn't say
banana yo I love a good bad joke I'll
start it off anyone want a spoon Jake
what are you talking about people take
things for granted I just take granite
granted granite
ooh sounds like my cup of tea hey Jake
how you doing hey Jane I'm doing great
you know I really love those pairs of
shoes you got on Oh God
you're really blowing me away all you
know we've got a bad drawer oh my god is
that logan paul oops didn't mean to
throw Shaye's hahaha oh my god Logan's
probably watching this how am I gonna
talk my way out of this one sorry Logan
bad joke so Jake your mom said you need
to clean up your app see that my hack do
you mean bro how about you wipe that
smile off your face okay
your company's dry mirror mirror on the
wall who's the best youtuber of them all
me that ain't no joke all right let's
keep blogging at the stadium where we
are going to be playing tomorrow yo its
alliteration holy another foot very good
guys it's time to get a little bit
serious okay right now there's a family
that we are about to surprise a mom and
a dad first of all it's their
anniversary today and they have seven
kids their house was so affected by the
flood that they weren't actually able to
like go back to it until like just
recently and there's actually this video
of this specific family that went viral
across the whole entire internet because
of how like touching it is this was a
video from their house after it got
flooded
so house like right now just go to close
get BJ's good close and then I'll put it
this bad what's next
I don't know it's daddy's but what
we're gonna be some sleeps gonna provide
you with new mattresses pillows blankets
all this stuff you can see here is gonna
be for your kids so how are they gonna
come you don't want you would not want
them here you might want to see what's
in this thing here they had a couple of
presents and stuff you buy that
Christmas tree we all just took this
time to come out this is so cool
hi you watching Johnson there sorry what
we didn't know beforehand is that
they're actually neighbors oh you were
telling your story for you but
everything in their own
kind of swimming back together yeah we
haven't been back I didn't even know she
was coming I'm famous
she had watched my daughter when I'm
she's outside playing and I mean they're
cooking her stuff
we've got the air mattress
mm
so because they were filled the air
mattress today my first time a theater
has been
yeah the safe that
we don't need a air mattress now brand
new mattresses do coming guys that was
so much fun to be able to give back to
the families we're back at the hotel
room right now and it's time to talk
about the story of what happened last
night someone tried to kill me
I think that like we're joking about it
but actually yeah my only way to cope
with the entire story is laughs not that
it's funny it just makes my heart hurt
less what happened was you guys saw that
yesterday I drove
Cades car I drove it I stole uncle Kade
car boy and while I was driving back to
the team ten I was with Erica in the car
we stopped at a stoplight Owen I want to
say I'm sorry first of all I can't be
mad at Jake because it wasn't like he
was just being an idiot but I'm normally
but we stopped at a stoplight some guys
in a like big car they pull up and also
nicely like a flash like they're
recording me from their their window I
don't know what it was but like you know
we just get an instinct of like
something's not good like this is not
normal I kind of just got that vibe like
the way they pulled up it was like
really aggressive and like I'm kind of
good I like reading those certain
situations we were about to get onto the
highway and so they're like they're like
film me like telling me like roll down
their window roll down my window roll
down my window and I was like I'm not
down like I just felt scared almost like
it wasn't like they were like only
yelling yeah wasn't but they were like
yelling I felt super uncomfortable on
the light turned green as I'm getting on
the highway I realized that they're like
following and they're like being like
super aggressive like trying to like get
up next to me like behind me like going
like to the side of cars like passing
cars so that they could like catch up
this is like happened before - like this
isn't like the first time it's this has
happened so like I was like kind of like
I was just like staying calm but like I
don't like these situations because it's
like I don't know if someone's trying to
hurt me or like I don't know but all of
a sudden I'm like sitting they were like
looking straight kind of I just hear a
and all of a sudden the car like spin
sideways like a like a pit maneuver like
when a cop like takes out somebody
it was like that
so I got I get hit from the side and I
realize it was like those guys my first
thing saying I was like freaking out
Erica like hit her like elbow like on
the side of the car I'm like it was like
super sketchy because we were on like 80
miles per hour so like I could have
easily like flown into the side of the
of the highway or they do call me Jake
Paul jr. anyway I corrected it go like
drifting to the side instinct I was like
did they just try to like take your take
it out the car I'm asked no bono they
just tried to do that on purpose and
that's what cops do to people like to
get them to like crash once I corrected
the car I was like blown away and I like
looked in my rearview mirror they were
like swerving like this I'm like kids
car like this sucks like I just ruined
someone else's car I didn't know how bad
the damage was
and here's a clip of the damage that
this is a few scrapes on the rim that
one's the deepest one right there the
rap is pretty it looks warped but it's
definitely the paint of the other car
was a darker paint I thought it was
gonna be a lot worse than that and look
it looks like it's just gonna have to be
like a new rap job a little bit and like
maybe some day on the rim but I'm just
glad like we're okay but I come in I
like you okay duh
this is a classic jig Paul phrase it's
like I got good news and I got pet that
is a prank at first and so I'm like okay
like is Nathan here first thing I think
is Nathan here no because I fire them
you're fired seriously though you're
fired you should be monitoring the
camera like it could it might not even
be rolling right now no you're in the
same room
Nathan so Nathan wasn't there so I'm
like okay his own vlog camera then I was
like is he holding a GoPro in any part
of his hand is the one in this front
pocket but this is still before you
talking to me now you said bad news
first of the good news food is good or
eggs are better I said well your car is
well crash the car basically crash your
car and so at this point I'm for sure
it's a prank then I go okay humor me
what's the good news
I'm doing great by the way and he goes
Erik and I are okay there's no good news
but we are alive I realized that he was
I realized that he was serious this is
when I started to believe that that he
was serious yeah he's like but it's not
bad it's not bad but it's not that bad I
was like driving straight I'm like this
on the highway I'm like looking left
oh I thought for sure there was gonna be
like a giant dent in the side your car
so scary
long story short he takes me out there
it's basically just cosmetic
it just means paint and wrap but still I
let the kid borrow my card I can't like
dog cuz Jake let's be bought his cars
all the time but at the same time I was
like it's so new and so I was just like
thinking of like hey what video could I
make could I make a video about leaving
like in time yes so my cars at West
Coast Customs are yeah yeah yeah yeah
don't you make a video about me I'm
leaving this video and TeamTennis okay
is there anything I can do to remedy the
situation yeah could you tell me where
Brian lives who's that rice cone there
tattooed what guys today's iPhone winner
goes to Amy Montemayor from Pittsburgh
if you guys want to win an iPhone I'm
giving away one a day for this whole
entire month stay tuned all you guys
have to do is follow me on instagram
right now go to instagram @ jake paul
follow me for a chance to win iphone I'm
gonna be liking some of your guys's
pictures back to dad
copy yourself some of the hottest smarts
in the game the status sweatshirt
amongst one of my favorites guys you're
gonna look sexy and I live for another
day guys there's actually a really scary
thing tomorrow's the big soccer game and
I will see you then because it's
everyday row peace
in a time
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is going to give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
