but apparently Eric is just inside
sitting on the couch and I'm determined
to complete this 24 hour challenge guys
yo ladies had good morning Jake ballers
it is about to go down
if y'all are new here I'm Jake Paul you
guys are the Jake ballers and it's lit
every single day allow me to explain
what is about to go now Jerrica it's
kind of a rocky relationship
it has ups downs we're almost home don't
hit me and so I thought it'd be the
perfect idea to do a 24-hour challenge
where we are handcuffed to each other
for 24 hours that way we are forced to
spend time together because we're both
very busy individuals man I'm a vlogger
I'm an actor I'm the CEO of team 10 we
got March designs to take care of bro
Sanjoy callbacks let's Jake Paul new
winter line is now over LLL get the
hottest punch in the game but seriously
this is gonna be a good way for us to
spend time together so good morning Jake
polish but your vlog felt fine because
the 24-hour handcuff challenge starts
now
good morning what are you doing eating
what are you doing why Jirka are you a
person being out with you
unfortunately yeah we're both so busy
you have to work out your stuff - do you
do - yeah well it's a 24-hour handcuff
challenge so you can end this now or
maybe let me get ready and then we can
repeat okay yeah yeah yeah oh don't hit
him don't hit me is the 24 hour
challenge good morning hey polar put
your lifebelts on because it is about to
go down
if y'all are new here I'm Jake Park you
guys are the days of haulers and it is
lit every single day Oh guys welcome
back to another day of dynamite December
what are you doing I'm naked basically
it I'm naked - no okay
I actually need to like shower here I do
you have a meeting yeah we're handcuffed
together you know there was one person
in this world I want any handcuffed - it
would be him but guys today is another
day of adventuring and yesterday was
absolutely insane probably one of the
weirdest vlogs that we've ever done in
my life
we broke a windshield we broke a window
and then things started escalating we
found out that Erica was the one that
tp'ed the team tent ourselves to here to
get you back for that
and then things escalated out of nowhere
I need to get ready okay fine we'll get
ready guys Oh what I was trying to say
is basically I put a hole in the
windshield of a frog how am I gonna
shower with me and you can't come up
every day you're acting like I'm forcing
you to shower you everybody it's not
what you still shower in the morning
that's what you do if she's looking hot
taking that shower I know I know that's
my wife yeah you didn't have to take a
shower
yes I did some people do in the morning
they shower I don't Joe you're gonna say
you watch me shower I'm trying to get
all and then we need to eat I'm good
already
oh okay and I need a change don't change
well Jake Paula's already 10 minutes in
in there is nothing I could regret more
than this my life really really yeah me
too I'm sorry okay guys I would never
fire you by the way thanks Rick I
haven't fired him it's a joke comedy
yeah you would know a lot about comedy I
mean just look at your outfits every day
okay don't look
thank you Andy minutes late them Apollo
and Athena are the worst dogs ever look
at this guy's
they literally they're digging a hole in
the backyard this isn't the first time
they've done this they get the mud all
over the place and they drink the toilet
water they're dysfunctional dogs they're
worse than me running though they're
really ruining this whole entire house
the place where the dog bit me in the
arm
we take them there and then they go to
training we need to take the dog this
dog to a training military dog school ah
so they can fight no no they're not
gonna bite we're just gonna teach them
that's a shit everywhere and just sit
and to roll over in a banquet and to
stay why are you guys staring cuz you
know you guys have never done this
there's no like and chances are drawer
next to is ax and you said you had
handcuffs in there is that true I do bro
all right oh that's the work though want
those ones all right come to me next
time no we could use them sometime
who me and you of course all right
hashtag gents ah sorry guys
we're taking them to the k-9 school it's
what we must do you're also gonna do
what get breakfast you guys who you want
yeah okay we're going oh nothing to see
here right guys we're still going about
our day you have to crawl across the
tesla's yeah yeah we're getting there
we're all rolling quit oh sorry
put my ass in the Tessa you made me feel
special
I have something that's gonna make this
all better as bad as people say you are
stop you stop don't you stuff you go
first fine
ladies first no I'm starving you trying
the cream cheese it really don't don't
know does it don't do no you son of a
more less ha ha good tastes like your
breath oh shut up are you saying I said
oh you're beautiful that's why I got
Jake your espresso shot no other
blowback a few moments later we have a
problem I have to be a really bad no you
go to the guys bathroom if you were dude
you're doing just wait until we get home
I can't wait go go go Nathan if anybody
tries to come hand off the mic
girlfriend / wife she used the menus she
used the men's restroom back at the gym
10 house I was just gonna say we're
getting better we figured out that we
can use this as a choking device
I think guys the first ever to person
sweets already I'm gonna make my spinny
half line three - like update really
fast you know how we do it here
we got my dad's Harley that I got for
him it's back from the shop it's got a
bigger engine now the crazy thing about
this guys is that my dad is like here in
Los Angeles and like he doesn't even say
hi to me he's with Logan right who your
brother
who hasn't said hi to me guys I'm kind
of upset about that meet you another
update we also got like 14 tons of
energy drink so energized he was trying
to save me from the duct tape but like
he's literally just a terrible dog
should we go find the key in the
backyard okay it has had to throw the
key down here you had to do it you have
to throw things for no reason that's not
true I don't throw things
please let me free I don't know about
I don't think this is a good idea no
stop stop stop
would you rather be stuck with me
forever or cut your hand off stuck with
you forever I'd rather cut the
bolt-cutters yeah that I use to smash in
Justin's Ferrari window we're this close
to being over this so I kind of liked it
though you said you didn't it I'm
playing hard to get
oh so do we do it yeah oh I just use
this a spare key are you serious right
now what the flood you had the whole
time making it better
there you go Jake I have a meeting to go
to I can't wear this there yeah you
can't just say no I do it okay fine
yay well guys that's an Jerrica see you
next week we can hang out without the
handcuffs kind of feel like I don't know
what to do I'm gonna hang out later huh
Oh Wendy minutes later guys Erica left
to a meeting and I will accept defeat
it's a 24-hour challenge for a reason so
after we drop off these two Rascals
salads but you're not handcuffed right
now we only made it five hours bro trust
me it wasn't fun however guys I'm from
Omaha we're from Ohio we're from Ohio
and I'm competitive I don't lose these
challenge that's why I did the white
house one bro and so uh today I'm gonna
sneak into Erica's apartment later and
start the timer again
all right I know I know buddy I'm gonna
miss you too I know we're gonna make
visits okay buddy you're gonna have
Athena by your side okay he needs the
training I told you the following got to
his head sometimes in life guys you
gotta say goodbye this is one of those
moments I'm gonna come visit you buddy
I know I know I know to be honest with
you guys I don't even know if this is
gonna work but if anyone's gonna do it
it's Gold Coast k9 look at this place
guys look at this place still barking at
nothing we have each other man what well
I mean we saw the type of dogs that they
have here Wow all right guys I am at
Erica's apartment right now oh my god is
going down I stole uncle Kate car what
and guys I wanted to complete this
24-hour handcuff challenge so I got
another pair handcuffs
Erica's inside and Erica's videographers
actually filming this right now say hi
Kelly
hey guys how's it going Kelly helped me
set this all up she's letting me in
she's filming it sorry Kelly took your
job uncle Nathan haha sorry it's fine
you're fired
but apparently Eric is just inside
sitting on the couch and I'm determined
to complete this 24 hour challenge guys
and I just got done eating dinner with
Logan and Liza and David and it was like
this big YouTube it was pretty cool
respect
but I enjoyed hanging out with Eric Oh
in the handcuffs so much your espresso
shot that I wanted to finish the
challenge
please watching my music video alone
sorry haircut somebody Erica I fired
Nathan and Kelly's Kelly's really good I
wanted to finish the challenge we only
got five hours and we still got was like
19 hours to go you might admit you knew
this the whole time I was wondering why
you weren't texting me back you are a
Jake Paula first of all I need the music
video music videos also you just sit in
your couch at night in lingerie and
watch my music videos or what's the deal
well not always your music videos and
it's not really what your lingerie
lingerie lingerie this is a perfect
thunder honestly it is yeah put some
clothes on where you gotta go to the
penthouse I just don't really wanna be
here kind of smaller no offense
I'll get dressed yeah oh I guess that
means I'm coming with you we'll be right
back I see really just wanted to get you
back here but yo Jake Pollard's secret
info a lot of the merchandise is about
to run out right now guys
I get why you can't man the Jake callers
are buying it all I'm telling you
yeah it's a 24-hour challenge and I
think it's gonna continue it's gonna
continue after I outro this vlog right
now we're gonna sleep in the car that's
cool and Houston if you live in Houston
I am going to be playing in a celebrity
soccer game there tomorrow I'm gonna put
the details in the description all of
the proceeds of the celebrity soccer
game are going back to hurricane Harvey
victims so it's gonna be super awesome
and today's iHome winners go to a mere
Barberie for power
congratulations and Lori could Rick from
Hobart Lori congratulations as well guys
if you want an iPhone all you have to do
I'm switching it up follow me on
instagram at jake paul hey-oh right now
follow me on instagram and you could win
an iPhone is dynamite December book and
I will see y'all tomorrow with the
continuation of this prank because it's
everyday bro peace
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is going to give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 should see you
guys tomorrow
oops
