Rock Paper Scissors shoot good morning
Jake Pollard's welcome to my life I'm
Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's and today we witness my best
friend chance Anthony Landon as they
gain and gain and game and gay they
don't even know I'm here right now I've
simply lost my best friend's to game
today right now I'm going to fix this
problem
good morning Jay callers put your long
belts on because it's about to go down
today hey guys so guys you wanna as we
hang out there talking what did you say
no James Anthony our music video came
out there like the 12 days of Christmas
music video through WIC yeah okay then
fix the problem I think
I lost my best friends we're right here
the only time I get your attention is
unplugging your game what's up dude you
wanna hang out no I won again
you see you guys this is the problem
with our generation I unplug his game
and he breaks the screen what is our
society come to 15 year-olds are driving
Ferraris my best friends won't stop
playing video games 13 year olds are
becoming famous for saying catch me
outside
oh well visit area we have the world to
conquer
the Jake Polar's need us good boy DJ
Pollard's what's kuchi if you're new
here I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's this is the team tenth house
and it's lit every day bro every day hey
you want a game with us hey you can join
us yeah we gotta do it be my knight when
it's daylight go outside and see the Sun
net the Sun's up yeah we're taking a
video now and I'm moving out you can't
move out you wanna know why why because
you're kicked out he's done this before
yeah just don't snap chat about it bro
how do you feel today bro I don't know
what
so chance if you guys didn't know had a
surgery yesterday and like was clearly
like drugged out of his mind so the pain
would go away do you all remember like
any of that stuff that you tweeted you
don't remember trying to go down the
slide
just didn't shut up slide chance no you
don't remember the gingerbread house
getting thrown at Anthony
you don't remember we got fish clearly
my friend was on way too many drugs and
too invested into his gaming to care
about anything else that's going down
there's a slide bro look you were in it
all right Jake pause let me get you
caught up to speed basically yesterday
we built a giant slide and there was one
of the most lit things I've ever done
I prank Chad he fell into a hole yeah
Wow
prank wars is still going down I still
need to get Erica back because I haven't
ranked her back yet we had a holiday
team damn Christmas party and I got two
goldfish for chance they're downstairs
still currently and they chose day and
age Suzy Andy Suzy Andy okay it's like a
TV recap like it's yeah it's like a
recap okay all right yes sir Rita you
know you don't even you don't even
remember what happened so no I know I'm
about to watch the vlog action Jesus
Christ we're friends of dumbass we drove
a Ferrari in the snow and guys like I
said T if we just sat here in game it
all day we wouldn't have this fat boy Oh
hundred thousands of drivers my mom has
a hundred thousand subscribers my mom
not only post more than you guys she
gets more views than you guys no no no
she does the Bannister's yeah good
morning Panthers hamsters just go back
to gaming guys no one burst your bubbles
or room your day or anything is your
girlfriend here or your other fake
girlfriend is here I never see you I
didn't even know what I'm vlogging right
now is I'm like delirious he's gonna
break it I'm not gonna break you oh
please dude maybe I'm just gonna break
it I'm not gonna break
this is the what fifteen-minute
interests is there a problem with that
yeah you know why you pick it up because
you're from Michigan oh you don't want
to film that long Philly your video
right now what
I'll break the camera the video train
put the camera down a mutual hand up put
go put the camera on the ground I'll put
the plaque on the ground
three two one switch dick Nathan you're
hired again please take the camera but
don't yell at me about my interest cuz
I'll vlog whatever guy want you did it
you broke your Yahweh's oh I broke my
Ehlers don't cheat though I'm just gonna
leave before this I promise ya my
Ferraris down there please don't throw
it 100,000 subscriber plaque through a
windshield of a Ferrari who's down down
down I am NOT down for that but if you
misses any I'm gonna be pissed
Suzanne CEO of YouTube if you're
watching this they're probably gonna
need another play I'm still debating
oh yes Susan huh yeah we're still remote
yeah I don't know if you remember and
yeah no I haven't forgotten about
putting this through the window the
Ferrari just just so you guys know but
if you guys remember a couple days ago a
view got a bats it was it yeah wait
that's already that's not ready what's
renamed okay and I know we're gonna name
an Andy bro look it still yeah and
Nathan you're you're still filming it
buddy thank you yesterday maybe that was
really mad at you though because you
wouldn't help me down when I was
duct-taped to the pole you're fired you
sir but that's besides the point Jake
callers um if you remember about a week
ago
our house got GPS I haven't forgotten
I never forget who did it yeah we had to
think it was david dobrik or mr. logan
paul yeah today is the day of revenge
I'm going at Logan's head I'm going at
david dobrik head I ain't going to
cheapy then I just frisbee it are you
guys really thinking of this how would
you feel if I did it to your Lamborghini
if you threw your subscriber plaque
through the windshield of my Lamborghini
ah I wouldn't be impressed I wouldn't
beat his ass I'd probably kill you well
slipping send it here goes nothing it's
like I honestly wouldn't do that
I don't think anyone's ever put a
subscriber plaque through the windshield
of a Ferrari Amanda Cerny just called me
Tim that is that's the white beer is
Erika taking that role no comment no
comment
all right I really want to put this
subscriber plaque through your
windshield no the only like you says
just let's do it should this just be the
whole week should we do not edit engine
no I say this is the whole entire vlog
like we do not leave ready we see how
entertaining we make the vlog yo what
happened to your neck yeah - yo you
looks like you got punched
speaking of Landon and his tattoos I
always ruin couple goals like Landon and
his girlfriend or a couple goals and
they're having a couple goal moment I'm
about to ruin Justin's windshield of his
Ferrari but like beyond that I just ruin
everything look at this play the clip
are we really doing this thing where we
just vlog right here for the whole
entire time it was a good idea are you
actually doing this right you just have
to hit it if it's kind of breaking out
up you got to do it dust bin no please
don't do it please stop Justin it's fine
don't do it no stop stop well at least
didn't go through the Ferrari that's
probably a lot cheaper than the Ferrari
window well Justin your Ferrari lives
another day
they weren't gonna invite me to hang out
with them for ten days and I sat in my
room and I cried you know say anything
else thank you like II rhymes with Mari
or China sorry okay Justin's gonna go
get some tape we're gonna put a fixing
on that this is definitely the most
interesting vlog we've ever done like
I'm even stating this is a vlog this is
just like they're lit you guys are here
with us in real life like it's like a
reality show yeah Apollo you buddy
because you did save my life yesterday
when I was duct taped to the wall but
you help please bloody please well we've
been rolling for 31 minutes now this is
like a 2-day markers yeah I mean the J
crawlers are just so savage that they're
still watching right now sweetie do I
say hi to your girlfriend yeah sleeping
where's she funny wake up pranks if you
could like make sure she doesn't like
make a video about me saying that boiler
and the guy no promises no problems yes
oh I got to I mean I'm willing to take
the risk
yeah it's worth it for the content who's
hooking up
they were exactly humping she's doing
other things what wouldn't dog to do
other things than hope Paul has his arm
around so you're the side chick I mean
what is really going down here cool
dope cool sometimes no words are better
than words Wow we're still going on this
roll huh there's a little yeah the full
vlog I wonder what's gonna happen next
no no no let's go break something else
yes so you're gonna make snow cones
it seems your snow cone machine because
you seem to be like kind of guarding it
Oh Alex got it I literally still have a
scar a giant scar on my foot from the
time that Alex she attacked me and I
still have a scar from it so I'm gonna
clip on that yeah I don't know if she
attacked you
don't touch my bucket probably I have
the biggest pet peeve in the world if
people touch my belly it's not even a
pet peeve it's a phobia like this dude
goes straight crazy on anyone anyone
tries to touch my belly button right now
this week started in my belly man who
came out 40 minutes I mean
like it's 40 minutes this is probably
gonna get condensed not everything is
about money
you're about having fun following your
dreams chasing your passions and and
overall just having a good time yeah I
mean and then if you had money on top of
that it's just like wait yeah I
guarantee you we have more fun than
anybody in the metro here's the thing I
ever saw oh you got money you could you
know that we've got we we've been doing
the same our whole lives
nothing's changed but what we pull up in
hey guys I'm I'm retiring sorry keep
started how you can't make good money
more videos about me might as well just
go back to the video games everyone's
retired Nathan are you retiring fired
retire I think we're just on a weird way
because it's like it's like you put your
boy back in your pants it's not even an
intro anymore this is like this and
applause the middle no it's not the
outro I'm not done it's everyday about
peace make sure you subscribe to keep
what's my favorite shirt yeah very
that's a good question guys ah I mean
maybe sit down bro relax yeah relax bro
he looks scary no offense to you like
yeah you have neck tats and stuff and
you're like yeah maybe my role yes I
know I really yeah I think people forget
that team 10 started as one person it
was me by myself and like it's not going
anywhere
we're the strongest team on the internet
hands down that by far so uh that's yeah
I wish I was Liza Kochi
yeah David go Rex pretty funny too yeah
but we saw the TPM yeah which I don't
even know if it's gonna happen anymore
it's already been like an hour
vlogging and we haven't even moved
yeah but I do wish I was Liza have you
ever pooped your pants though
yeah in seventh grade yeah sure I do I
started I don't get why people make fun
of you for poop in your pants I mean I
didn't quit I think everyone's opinion
I'm saying Erica really really Erica yes
that drama
yeah so basically Erica when did this
happen from you were you're on drugs
basically uh Erica said she wanted to
get someone a goldfish as her Secret
Santa gift and I beat her to the punch I
didn't think she was gonna get a
goldfish like she wasn't even here
there's a miscommunication but basically
turning into like this like she was like
pissed at me she was like really you did
that there's like a Mean Girls scene
from the movie so then we got into like
this huge argument and then like we
didn't talk for like the whole night
yeah no I'm sure I think she's on her
way here right now
what's the clip out there but twenty
nine did it just it just cut out just
cut out at 30 minutes that's what Sony
stops rolling at thirty minutes so I was
trying to say you guys is uh oh yeah I'm
working on a video right now I'm going
to the hot most haunted house in America
yeah we should say bye right now hey how
long until you're here come to chanting
Anthony's room Erica I told them about
our fight yeah
careful hi hey joining this vote you
want to know what we've been doing what
wait you smell so good thank you mmm
thanks
I wasn't trying to kiss you that's
awkward anyways we have not left this
room over an hour now we're gonna go TP
Logan and David the right now we run a
story let's do it yeah yeah it was me
who TP the team Jen just helped me a lot
but you guys are with us no yeah yeah no
we were there not we were but like we
were going no no he's not he like
literally helped more than not now I'm
really thinking that we should go put a
hole in this foreign shield you know
team 10 member betrays me I was gonna
tell you but I figured like you guys
wouldn't react back and then I would
tell you but here we are yeah footage of
it I do you know we do have you guys DP
in the house yeah yeah can I put it in
here okay roll the footage I guess of
them taping our house is this verifiable
all right so we're doing a pretty good
job here it's pretty cold out Apollo's
keeping us company the boys are still
inside they have no idea as of yet but
I'm about to go inside it's not even at
all because she faked arrested me roll
the clip and now she TV's my house
apparently I think that means that
you're up by 2 and I think I'm shooting
to be 3 ok cool so I think you're up by
two shouldn't be three that means I have
to catch up there's I think there's two
windshields outside first re energy no
no no no this is a party lager we leave
our area
hmm don't it's a different level of
keeping an outbreak in toilet paper on
ball you gave me a concussion once
you've like hurt mine you've like broke
my heart so when no I don't you're lying
you're lying he's like no you do stuff
to him he comes to know he doesn't it's
really hard for I've been middle man
okay so guys the battery just died
that's how long we've been vlogging take
yourself out of this out of this moment
right now you look so damn good right
now thank you yeah thank you look it's
you so don't break my windshield
what would a savage do break it it would
t be them back honestly neither of you
are poppin enough for me to put your
name in the thumbnail I'm just gonna be
real honest if you lose I'm breaking it
if I if I if you win I'm not breaking it
scary
he's scary look how scary you hold that
oh yeah come on that rock paper scissor
shoot those scissors
I didn't think he was gonna do it
the point is to the windshield of my
Ferraris I just had to get one crack in
the windshield of my Ferrari is cracked
because I was driving down the canyons
and oh yeah my land was cracked I was
driving through the canyons and a rock
flew up and like snapped it ya know I
mean if you you know this is your time
like death this is your time tell them
how you really feel yeah I feel probably
paid for it no I'm going to pay for you
it's just a windshield you know I mean
well you got the Ferrari merch on yeah I
feel bad for you but you know what like
I said earlier if you want to leave the
team down if anyone wants to leave now
is the chance now is the chance you know
what we're gonna get dressed into a
million subscribers right now Jake
ballers subscribers and a million
followers on Instagram which one we are
subscribers okay subscribers everyone go
subscribe to his YouTube channel right
now do it do it do it
pop tag and put put it in the bio yeah
bro you a million on everything yeah so
Wow it's been quite an hour and a half
it has you know what the coolest
fifteen-year-old in the world would do
this I don't care
I mean this is not the same if you do a
chance but I respect there's a
difference I actually need to drive my
so actually miso sauce yes no she
doesn't deserve it
yeah all right Nathan are your arms
tired yet now to talk about I do this
every day yeah you do this every day
let's broke we're drinking bye oh this
has been quite the vlog quite the vlog
or a bit you just said you did okay
alright so let's walk away from all the
windshield Wow do not you want he's not
I swear to well we might as well finish
off the with prior windshield why why oh
it's really getting dark now Italians
build this okay Jake pause I will see
you tomorrow because it's everyday
rupees
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow Poosh
