good morning guys today is gonna be one
of the most fun days that we've had in a
while on this channel good morning
Apollo say hi reloading I'm just gonna
send guys it is about to go down today
is the team 10 holiday Christmas party I
told y'all it was dynamite December guys
we bought hundreds of hay bales right
now as you can see these hay bales look
at the hay look at the hay hay Levi's
high because it's the Christmas party
guys and like I said we do it big every
single day like so dope man so a little
bit of a flash board the reason why we
have these hay bales is because we are
creating a giant snow slide in our yard
flash-forwards guys this snow slide is
absolutely insane but yo Oh si Nathan
but currently guys chances almost back
here at the team 10 house oh why no back
chance and Anthony went flying into the
pool and for one of my videos and chance
like blew out his eardrums yeah I mean I
was there but it was you guys that thing
cool but chance blew out his eardrum
while he flew into the pool and today
was the day that he had surgery on his
ear and nose area and he is currently
like under so much medication he sent
this snapchat oh I understand he's about
to be back at the house and we're gonna
completely mess with him like he doesn't
even know what he's doing like he can
barely talk wasn't even know his name
right don't and you all saw the other
day when Chad and Erica fake arrested me
as a prank prank wars and so a little
bit of another flash-forward of what's
to come there's these giant holes in the
ground because we're building a
basketball court here at the team 10
house and I have a little bit of a prank
idea did you put a towel over the hole
like so so that it looks like
even with the ground but anywho y'all
are almost caught up to speed yesterday
we're so successful we went to Google
pretty Dell I stole a couple by Carlos I
stole a couple of goats and guys we're
still trying to get Meek Mill out of
prison we're doing everything that we
can y'all are joining that movement -
that's our boy another thing is that the
dome rays are coming today in a little
bit hallelujah hallelujah I think I want
to learn how to backflip the dobri twins
make it look easy
Apollo pause bye you know you're wearing
the same outfit that he pooped his pants
in and his Cades girlfriend's brother
and speaking of Kade which is Nathan's
brother who's filming me right now say
hi Nathan hi hey basically what I was
trying to say is hade was in New York
with us and out of nowhere
Kate I'm calling you out bro you telling
anybody and you go to fly to Seattle to
see your girlfriend you are whip roll
breakout the widow I had no idea where
you're at in the morning I was like yo
where's Kate someone's like yo you went
to Seattle drunk chances about to be
here but yo he's on drugs I'm just
saying you know we ball like John Wall F
a coach you know shot call I'm gonna
make my own plays pass the ball I saw I
so clearly on drugs but K back to my
point you are with and Nathan I'm sorry
that that's your brother and I'm sorry
that you are your fire I made a shirt
you're fine yeah I get this shirt yeah
wear that there's a lot going down you
guys are almost caught up to speed this
morning Jarek hashtag Jericho went on a
breakfast date it was kind of cute Oh
Jake you're getting all emotional with
oh listen listen you're looking very
angry you need to calm down all right is
just a joke I think your roll the clip
and why they call it breakfast cuz you
break your fast I never do that yeah
well you know what they say you learn
something new every day
no I enjoy that go back to last Jake
ball that's what they say ha ha ha
Lincoln Mile got enough cream cheese
there they call me fat yeah this is I'll
Park my Jeep sideways yeah well neither
do I because I'm looking at it right now
and it looks pretty straight for me
that's probably why you also think
that's your makeups on straight are you
saying that you're saying that I look
bad no wrong everyone stop what you're
doing Erica's hangry
are you done are you done you want a
kiss yeah ok I made everything worse
so now y'all are all caught up to speed
hashtag couple goals kind of maybe in a
way nothing in it
Frank y'all are caught up to speed this
dynamite December we got a gun and guys
I think chance is gonna be here this is
gonna be interesting
you're jumping in the pool no yo did you
know that Chad hooked up with your
girlfriend they gave you superpowers bro
are you coming to a holiday party later
he's actually done girl
good oh yo and yeah I really I really
think he's gonna go all the way down the
stairs
I actually hope chance feels better he's
gonna get better soon but allow me to
explain why I'm at the pet store right
now basically for the team ten holiday
party later everybody on team ten has to
get a gift that's under fifty dollars
because we're doing a Secret Santa so
everyone puts a gift in the middle and
then you take one out and you open it
and that's your gift so I wanted to
spice things up a little bit and get
somebody a goldfish like imagine opening
to give like what is it what is it and
then all of a sudden it's like two
goldfish I got the tanks spongebob the
house cleaner
food rocks seaweed and now we need the
fish fishy fishy
we got Andy right here and Susie over
here
there are many goldfish like them but
these ones are mine but this one's name
is Andy cuz ima back at the team turns
out and like I said earlier the day guys
I'm hanging out with the dobre brothers
say hi I thought they're gonna be
teaching you how to do back flips but
instead they had this idea like duct
tape me I guess we're literally hanging
out you get me down no you're fired
oh by the duct tape fight it buddy al
please bloody please good puppy good job
buddy oh he's such a good dog teamwork
anymore anyways guys wala Powell's going
to work keep going buddy good boy it's
kind of a coincidence because if you
check your calendars right now there's
12 days till Christmas and we drop the
12 days of Christmas music video
yesterday if you haven't already seen it
here's a preview
it's on the first day of Christmas to me
and y'all y'all gotta go check out the
whole entire video it's lit I thought
you're gonna teach me how to backflip
I'm making a video about you know he
should get a pop tag for this right pop
tag book my Secret Santa gift is finally
ready guys look at Suzy go oh this is
actually probably the dopest gift that
anybody's gonna get I'm gonna put it in
gift wrapping right before the gifting
and then tis the season guys but yo what
this holiday party is getting lit but
guys right now it's time to make this
snow slide look at this though we got
snow in California a firefighter Tony do
it Chad
oh so the whole one prank guys it's a
classic as you could tell we're building
a basketball court right here it's gonna
be like absolutely sick we're bawling
you know on a plane however since they
are building this basketball court
they're digging giant holes in to the
ground literally almost up to find that
guy's so the hole-in-one prank is you
put a towel over the hole like so so
then it looks like it's even with the
ground and then you simply have somebody
walk over it hole-in-one how do you do
just interest yeah so it's an interest
all right guys I'm gonna fall you're
going down you ready to volume yeah all
right guys this is the inch race
basically check what you have to do is
we can only move an inch at a time no
you're going down you get a head start
I'm starting back here you have to go
over the dirt pile pull it on baby
Frank was Frank boys oh yeah but it's
okay for you to arrest me on my own
where I'm done like you said leave me
alone branches there's another hole if
you want to have fun in the snow though
yeah could we be friends again okay
hole-in-one Tony I'm coming up there I'm
gonna fly out there with my helicopter
hat
do what
Wow well I have never seen anything like
this it is a doughnut wall don't mind if
I do we have Christmas tree biscuits man
and blood ah
everybody's got their Secret Santa gifts
guys and I've got the goldfish to give
out so you come down here you eat the
food
don't stop who's good food but he
doesn't bring the secret santa gift yeah
you're a good guy bro
honey no Antony he that is just one big
dysfunctional lit family for yo its
secrets and time 20 minutes later chants
picked up my gift he does have no idea
the fish cleaner right yeah we got
Sponge Bob and Susie no no chance bro to
jump to chance got the goldfish but
instead of Secret Santa time it's no
time the snow ramp is finished I have a
couple of plays that I want to do guys
you notice Justin Joey's Ferrari here
it's all the way over there we gonna try
and convince Justin to drive it into the
snow by the time to snowboard I'm trying
to dirtbike this rap let's go oh yeah
baby
so how we do it in Ohio the only thing
you were here that is dodging
gingerbread houses
how can I do that wrong I just have to
fit on it you won't drive your Ferrari
in the snow I'm gonna do it with the
roof down bro wow he really is the
coolest 15 year olds in the world all
right Justin doesn't even have his
driver's license you're not gonna send
it I've been saying this since I was a
tween not about the car about the driver
hey chance
yo yeah just there's another stop stop
stop stop stop stop you just had surgery
today bro well I respect the hustle put
it down bro I'm just gonna send it
it was at this moment that he knew
it's a sculpture we did I got one more
idea because we got to conquer the ramp
I'm sorry Logan there's only one real
Yeti and it's Matt Tacoma looks like we
got first I'm getting there stuck I just
never thought it'd be at my own house
this is this is kind of a weird scene
right now
if you moments later bro you a male
well boys it's been a little too say the
least throw the strongest team on
YouTube guys that's this guy by and for
a chance to win an iPhone every day this
month turn on my post notifications
coming when you're done copy some of the
hottest work in joy and I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's everyday base
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
