it is so corrupt and messed up and
straight-up illegal
good morning today polish sorry Joe and
like how he hit the good morning tick
ballers with me that was lit but good
morning Jake polish you already know
it's about to go down I'm yelling I'm
eating a bagel on a plane at 10:00 a.m.
in the morning hello it's like what's
better than a bagel a bagel on a private
jet bad and boozy
but guys a lot has already gone on last
night and this morning so allow me to
get you caught up to speed like I said
put your blog votes on because it's
alliteration welcome to diet of my
December I'm your host Jake Paul and
you're now watching Jake Paul vlogs so
last night guys
per usual chat had a dumb dumb idea
convinced chant a spoonful of wasabi
after Kyle
yeah this is what we said I don't know
why you do these dumb things but I think
instead of saying what's up now I'm
gonna start saying why Sami I think guys
we were hanging out with some Jake
Pollard's who are our friends now and
they wanted to play what are the odds
and Oh mine did it turn into
alliteration guys these shake ballers
are absolutely lit we're playing one of
the odds right now hashtag cake
am i right and I'm speaking of cake I
don't know if you guys have heard that
it's Christmas Day bro song but a Weber
fast-forward a couple of hours guys ah
sorry I got what they call a double
cider you're not gonna believe what
happened roll the clip double side of
both nostrils this is my light it's a
Jake well I want to be like you and
you're older so you go but then we had
to wake up super early because we are on
a mission we're on an adventure right
now we're going to another city and we
got some big business to take care of
let me steal your kids but I had to wake
up super early roll the clip both 6mj
father's new york has been real okay I'm
splitting up from the rest of the team
to end crew guys because I have to go on
a mission in San Francisco Oh Eric I'll
see you back at the team dead house
later hey before we left New York I had
to say goodbye to New York
literally I said goodbye to New York but
guys I want to take a quick moment to
recap the weekend we had in New York
because it all started on our other
private plane where Paulo and chance
couldn't seem to calm down
and then Chad broke into an ice-skating
rink and then we left then Hampton at
home and then we had the dopest pop-up
shopping yet and then keep then got into
a snowball fight Wow and then there was
a palace first time in the snow and then
we did a toy drive for kids and then I
got pranked by Chad and Erica we'll get
y'all back baby and then we had a
billboard in Times Square and then we
found out that we were gonna be maybe
stranded in New York because uh private
jet people were pissed at us did I tell
you I would get you a prize no you came
through Justin I know you came through
last night Justin was like hey man I'm
gonna get you a private jet I could get
a private jet for us can we do that I've
never seen a fifteen-year-old as
resourceful as this case but guys like I
said we're on a quick mission you're
about to see what we're gonna do hey I'm
going it is another thing that's going
down is we have a big problem that I'm
gonna need your guys's help to fix I'm
gonna talk about it more in the vlog
later today but I need to Jake polish I
need you guys so stay tuned and I want
to make sure you guys are smiling today
I want to make sure you're working on I
want to make sure you dab it on the may
the first things first Justin don't by G
picture my boy yo those IG pictures were
dope now I'm here with bill there was
that Bell what's that yo San Francisco
slip it is that's where we are baby San
Francisco we're about to take it over
Shh but Jake Pollard's I need to address
something really fast okay it's been
bothering me and it needs to be settled
also hi what's your name Jake some
people call me Jesse
yeah everyone keeps on talking about
this fine to thing bro bro you gotta be
kidding me man mine is dead like rest in
peace vine as sad as that is it's not
coming back do you know what I mean
Carlos
it's not coming back and plus like I
just feel like the entertainment
industry has changed like I'm I'm a
vlogger I'm an actor my pants same
blogger I'm not a Viner
mine too isn't gonna be a thing I just
can't do it sorry honey no my boy Carlos
has his hater blockers on look at those
hater blockers that came from vine and I
just can't do it anymore okay
so guys I'm officially pronouncing vine
2 as dead before it even starts I don't
even think it's gonna start I think it's
a rumor I think it's fake fake dudes
rest in peace vine 2 we are currently
here at the Google headquarters guys I'm
basically talking to a bunch of I'm I'm
doing a talk ok Carlos open the trunk
buddy look at these bikes they have
these are called google bikes
I'm good they're legitimately the dopest
bikes I've ever seen damn blue tires bro
my talk starts in a little bit but I'm
gonna steal this bike Carlos I'm taking
this back to the few 1000 it's not been
broken problem we need to make this work
yes tell me that's not the dopest bike
you've ever seen I think anyone saw huh
Google YouTube if you're watching this
please I I really like the bike I'll buy
a new one but I have to have that I'm
sorry I'm stealing it already off to a
great start here at Google this place is
like giant guys and apparently this is
like voted like one of the best places
to work which is pretty Dell however and
you guys can utilize this tactic but
basically when people talk to me I just
say Google me this really is the most
fun place to wardrobe add that me up for
that don't fly away oh he's flying away
they have a slide Google is starting to
make the team ten mansion looks soft we
need to actually step our game up also
you'll notice the goat here which
reminds me of Erica and team ten and
where they're at right now they're all
on the airplane and as you guys saw
yesterday when I was buying my mom her
Christmas gift Paulo pissed all over the
store and right now Apollo and Athena
are on an airplane and uh but just hope
that they're not shading everywhere man
I'm actually starting to get like super
impressed Google has dinosaurs they have
Oreo Mane's they have slides in their
offices and they have goats bandits a
little hey guys I already stole a bike
run
I gotta go on my parents till things
anymore stop stop stop
yeah are you still going oh my gosh I
got it I got a godel sighs bro you can't
steal that you can't do that mine
this one can stay but I'm gonna steal so
much moisture
I gotta have the matching shirt for the
bike bro I've already got a bike oh I
have a goat part of a sign I gotta go to
five whoa what is that
there's giant Android it's a KitKat
Android Android stuck in a beehive it's
a jelly bean Android it's an Ice Cream
Sandwich Android what's up Carlos and
this one has nothing to do with an
Android it's just the donut and I'm
stealing it come on Dustin pick it up
Carlos we're gonna see how fast we can
get these Google bikes to go okay buddy
we ran out of space crazy collar guys it
is almost time for my talk they want me
to talk about things like you know how
I'm gonna become the first social media
billionaire everyone let's go I change
the game for change the game for us to
change the game for you I change the
game for well Carlos dock waiting great
but guys we left Google I ended up
having to give the bike back but I did
steal ago and I did get this hat so I
think it's a success guy says noogler
and guys we still have a problem that I
need your help with solving however
there was a more urgent problem I'm
being blackmailed by a six-year-old you
guys know Ben Hampton and how we left
him in New York where are you right now
and now he's coming for me what actually
though guys like he sent me this video
apparently he's at the team penthouse
right now which we are going to in a
second after some YouTube meetings but
he's gonna egg blood shark apparently
like what the get away from the house
Ben he's literally evil
you better not touch blood shark dude
I'm coming back there right now we're
going on private jets and stealing bikes
I'm stealing goats I'm stealing
everything and a six-year-olds
blackmailing me we have other problems
that we have to take care of children
babies bro you sell that time-lapse we
were on there doing big business San
Francisco we took you and we destroyed
you bro Justin once again save the day
bro we wouldn't we really would have
been but yo we still have a lot to
figure out
I think badness I don't know what he did
to my cars I gotta give this go to Erica
guys we have to talk about my friend
who's in jail he needs our help
and we also need your help guys what did
Ben do no this is what you just did this
is what you're doing I'll leave you here
at the team ten house while we go to New
York and this is what you do what kind
of nice anything but the merchandise Ben
now I'm gonna have to go to Android code
backslash Jay Paul and gets more
merchandise and you guys can too for a
limited time only this could be selling
everything this is actually really quite
just one day what kind of man takes
someone's merchandise rips up my novel
ears Jersey from fanatics guys fanatics
if you're Washington please send me if
someone from Phoenix is watching this
guys please send me more gear you guys
have the best stuff on a side note I got
you again I got you this
I go correct his name's Freddie I get to
name him damn with the boy body he's
learned he's getting so good in
everything
yeah jerk is real I don't know is it I
don't know is it but anyways guys time
to I'm gonna get a little serious guys
I'm gonna make this as concise as
possible but somebody needs our help and
not only is is he someone who is a new
friend to me he is someone that I have
looked up to since I was a kid and I am
a big fan of him now you guys may not
have seen this stuff in the press but it
has become a huge thing
Philadelphia judge has sentenced Meek
Mill to two to four years in state
prison for violating probation in nearly
a decade old case Joe Jack Athena and
meek believed that the judge has been
carrying a grudge hundreds of people
took to the streets of Philadelphia on
Monday night to protest the
controversial incarceration of macmail
he's assemble of the abuse of the system
one of the biggest rappers Meek Mill
like I know all of his songs like I grew
up listening to his music he is
currently in jail
it is so corrupt and messed up and
straight-up illegal and not only is Meek
a new friend to me but the people in his
life and some of the people that are
helping him try to currently get out of
jail I'm close with them and their
families and they have recently filled
me in on
a ton of information and stories and
things that I couldn't believe and it
really pissed me off man like I'm going
to tell you basically the story and we
need to help in any way that we possibly
can long story short Meek Mill has been
on probation since he was about 18 years
old yeah this judge since he was 18
years old and this judge always had a
thing against Meek since he was 18 years
old she would try to get him in trouble
basically then Meek Mill got a manager
that he brought into his life that was
friends with this judge and so the judge
started to take it easier on him when
they would have these court appearances
now granted since meek was on probation
all the things that he would go to court
for were like speeding tickets or
traffic violations or doing a wheelie on
a dirt bike during a music video things
that like any human makes mistakes on
Meek Mill then fired his manager after
years of working together because this
manager was basically stealing money
from him when that happened this judge
immediately turned on Meek Mill recently
and once again Meek Mill like
accidentally violated his probation by
doing a wheelie he was filming a music
video and he did a wheelie on his dirt
bike in a music video
now what I've heard about Meek Mill guys
just so you know is like the nicest guy
the cleanest guy isn't causing any
trouble is there for the community of
Philadelphia and what I have seen from
the outside I can relate to those same
things like I can only imagine that meek
is an amazing person and I actually had
the opportunity to talk to him on the
phone right when all of this was kind of
going down and I told him I wanted to
help out in any way possible and and
send prayers for him and his family
y'all meet we're just gonna we're gonna
help out with anyway we came in
I brought a friend for you
this judge has had a stigma against him
and since meek fired her friend is now
taking out all of her anger on him and
sentenced him up to four years in prison
this is unjust this is unfair this is a
crime this is illegal and many stories
of this judge abusing her power have
been surfacing and surfacing and
surfacing these judges need to learn
that it's not okay to wrongfully put
someone in prison meek Mill's probation
officer said that he shouldn't go to
prison then the district attorney said
that he shouldn't go to prison and then
this judge decides to go against the
majority of her colleagues and say that
me deserves to go to prison which is
never it's unheard of for probation
officer and a district attorney to both
agree that meek is a good guy and that
he shouldn't go to prison for this
really thing and that the case should be
dismissed and then the judge to overturn
and give him up to four years is
absolutely unheard of this judge is a
failed actress and like clearly has a
thing against people in the
entertainment industry because she
couldn't make it in the entertainment
industry and not only that but like Meek
Mill inspires like millions and millions
of people he inspires me and so we the
Jake Pollard's being the strongest army
on YouTube we need to band together
right now and help our boy Meek Mill
like that's the homie and I made a
promise to him that I would do whatever
I could to help and so now that Jake
Paul our army is behind this movement
and worse not stopping at anything until
meek gets out of prison and that this
judge gets fired from our job because
that is what needs to happen so guys
what I'm doing is I created a piece of
merchandise here it is what this piece
of merchandise will do is will raise a
ton of awareness about freeing meek
because all the Jake haulers are gonna
rep it spread the message to as many
people as possible not only that but a
hundred percent of the merchandise sales
are going directly to meek mills like
lawyers and legal team and people that
are trying
get him out of prison if we come
together as one we can like truly
changed his life and Jake father's I'm
not saying like it's okay to like
getting in trouble with the law and like
that is something that y'all should 100%
completely avoid like be as good of
people as possible
however meek was placed in you know
unfortunate events growing up and he
made a couple of mistakes when he was 17
18 years old and has been on probation
since and that is why he's now in prison
13 years later and that's why it's not
okay this is something I'm super
passionate about and thank you guys for
always supporting me on these types of
things and I'm here to change the world
and to have on them haters and stop the
bad people however guys it is dynamite
December and that means I'm giving away
one iPhone every single day of this
month
today's iPhone winner goes to Ashley
Daniels from Valley Park Ashley thank
you so much for subscribing and turning
my posts notifications on guys if you
want an iPhone all you have to do is
smash that subscribe button right now
turn on my post notifications the
hottest merch in the game Pandora I go
back to that Jake well get yourself a
free meek t-shirt let's make a movement
and I will see y'all tomorrow for
another day of dynamite December because
it's everyday bro
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
