I need you to help get the dopest gift
from my mom right now and mom if you're
watching this right now stop watching
because it's gonna ruin the surprise
we're inside of a semi-truck right now
what are we doing out of the hole at
home guys what your blog about sighs
it's about to go down today
guys are also here with the NYPD NYPD
guys we just got done doing a toy drive
we basically got a ton of toys for the
kids for the kids all the kids who's
calling me Oh Chet hey you're not on the
Billboard still sounds level that's I
don't even know what's happening but we
basically did a toy drive already just
now guys you know we're doing a toy
drive we got toys we got the NYPD we're
doing it big baby there's so many toys
Wow guys we're doing a charity toy drive
it's lint we're collecting as many toys
as we can for kids in need
this Jericho real yoga we're giving out
so many gifts it's dynamite December and
the best part about Christmas is getting
gifts this do what happens when you come
to a dick fall keep ten pop up top down
and I'm also a stirred a it's a it's a
little Asian guys welcome to my life
I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
bollocks and it's good every day today
is a day of giving guys we're giving
gifts and I'm also have to go Christmas
shopping for my mom maybe for Logan
maybe for my dad there's the pop tag tag
oh no you don't get that anything
security please get them out oh my god
Oh Kris just keeps on trying to get
popped eggs like broke it out of my vlog
I'm vlogging here New York I'm walking
I'm vlogging here
keep doing what it's like Chris you're
not getting a pop tag like we're going
to Phandroid calm however like I said
there's a lot going down look at this
bro this is how you know it's going down
look at this hat we were talking about
innovating the fashion game yesterday
right like the merch bloody nose gang
they took it to a different level
she is wearing a sailor's hat I believe
that is yep there is a lot that is going
down today
sound the alarm can I sign these and
some of the people out there yesterday
Chad was selling rat traps now he's
gonna be selling you're selling meals
now that was worn so why not you is he
at his house hey guys speaking of the
siren we actually are like best friends
at the NYPD now so that we can't do a
lot of stuff and snow oh my boy AJ is in
the building
you guys all remember AJ turned out for
a fight yeah yeah yeah well last time AJ
was here we actually did it like full-on
haven't made match I don't know if all
of you guys saw it but yo here's a clip
he actually won the fight which is which
you know I'm not mad at no no matter
yeah you are did you see it did you see
the pop-up shop out there looks everyone
the plate now I said that you should
fight your brother oh you didn't want to
lose that we make him look bad he
doesn't like looking bad prompt I want
some of that key oh I think you should
kick him in the balls
oh I think I can take more ball kicks
and he can yo there's one thing that I
know I'm good at here we go here we go
this is not nothing I'm good at is
getting kicked in the balls and you go
now beat me at this contest there's no
way I'll put any amount of money on this
is really where you guys are really
fighting about this room no way both
defending kick skills are as good as
your evolving skills from the gym one
more one more take yeah take two I say
we have a nut kick off right now bro I'm
down referees to battle somewhere in
hurts let's go yeah come on no I don't
know what's going down like this is what
happens in our lives I could just end up
randomly like running into a not kicking
contact
get all the fun
this is Jake Pollard's right now hey
sweetie what are you watching in there
oh nothing mom just Jake Paul he's
kicking people in the dick Chad and AJ
are not gonna be able to have children
but Erica and I no time to waste either
my god you can't watch this you can't
watch this come on
thank you believer that aggressive in
the fight was made Oh what is that you
are somebody make a meme of this look
somebody think of me with an angling
wage domain
I don't even know what I'm doing anymore
but I do still know I'm buying my mom
the dopest Christmas present today
slight intermission guys I found out
this is the most fun chair in America
look now that's a good time yeah that
wouldn't definitely out there for sure
guys also I'm putting this chair in eBay
it's it's the chair that Jericho's
babies were made on sorry for the
intermission now back to you Jake thanks
Shane whoo yo anyways guys it's Sunday
Funday which means it is time I'm gonna
try and scare a bunch of people with
this I'm gonna go up to people and go
right in the ear
fine I'm gonna give them a passe okay
well I'll give you a particular cool
I'll see you guys down there on the
ground we are here with two undercover
cops right now we're about to prank Jake
back he's been breaking us literally
every single day for probably a couple
years or so so you think it no right to
not put me in a building why would you
do that bro it's okay on a pancake on my
face
we're not just making a video what
taking action finally we are going to
arrest Jake we're gonna let him know
that he didn't have like a permit or
whatever right yeah we're gonna arrest
him for not having a permit for this
venue act like it's getting shut down
and scare the hell out of them so I'm
gonna run up right now because kill Jake
to some of my PD here they want to speak
to you they're coming up quick
we have before you go no sir
we have my daughter's a really big fan
oh hi we just did a whole toy drive with
the NYPD and this is what I get
I'm an air might be sergeant Oh guys I
guess it is Sunday Funday so guys the
shop is still going amazing oh my gosh
that goats
anywhoo like I was talking about
yesterday guys we are stranded in New
York but I got my goggles on so it's
cool yeah what'd you think I don't got
all the connections to the private jets
I'm the coolest fish I could get a
private jet for us actually yeah I got
you can we do that you hear that another
private jet way can you actually get a
private jet though yeah of course
oh but you don't have a million
followers on Instagram no I don't know
well the Jake ballers got to get him to
a million followers on Instagram
go follow yeah we'll do that but yo only
if you get us a private jet all right
I'm gonna get you a private jet
oh well it's dynamite december's Erica
yes I need you to help get the dopest
gift for my mom right now
hamsters hamsters and mom if you're
watching this right now stop watching
because it's gonna ruin the surprise now
I'm stop watching Pam I got like good
morning Pam stirs it's just us now my
mom is no longer watching this vlog she
watches all my ball she's a Jay Paul
definitely watch she watches the March
tab on the minister fine anywho here we
are in New York and we're going shopping
and guys I think I'm going to get my mom
a Rolex yeah well in diamonds on my
doggy to team 10
no again my clothes and the guys I got
my dad a Harley I didn't know what to
get my mom like she has a car I got her
a Cartier necklace I got her Louie
Vuitton bracelet yeah
Apollo don't poop I don't know what
Rolex to get my mom yet I'm gonna have
Erica help me pick it out because like
she's sexy is F and my mom's really sexy
so she's sexy she birthed me and then
Logan and I mean we're both like really
sexy I mean just look at us but like I
said I got my dad a Harley for his
birthday and he cried it was so
emotional for you serious I'm serious
don't cry and I wanted to be able to get
something that my mom didn't have
already and something that I know she
has wanted for her whole entire life and
I want to be able to make her cry
because it's like I just love to see
people know but actually it'll be like
an emotional thing and my mom's like the
best mom ever and she deserves it and
good morning Pam stirs and I think she's
actually in the cry when she gets it and
then I'm gonna get Erica Rolex - okay
there's so many different options
my mom's gonna love me it's like the
Lamborghini store we're riding a $20,000
watch and they're like no no with
diamonds I think it's gotta be a diamond
- so she could be like good morning
Panthers hey do you guys have one that
would be good for like a vlogger
the dancers what that one is looking are
you see it's actually kind of a tough
decision I just wanted to scream you a
few moments lay down all right guys we
figured out which one we want this one
right here I'm sorry to tease you guys
I'm not gonna show you guys the one yet
in case my mom is actually watching this
because I know her I'm guessing you're
watching this right now mom but it's not
gonna be a surprise for you on Christmas
Day it's like I think it's the dopest
one good morning Panthers hamsters how
much is it again
8200 M Oh Merry Christmas mom
diamond-plate December 80,000 seconds
later yo
don't look down Drake ballers but Apollo
just took a piss in the rolling story oh
yeah by the way guys Apollo shit cost
like $20,000 for the cleaners on the
plane that's an expense right there but
yo her Rollie don't tick-tock it just
glide bro mom you deserve this mom I
love you he doesn't get our parents
anything he's just a rich dick we should
probably leave as fast as we can before
Apollo no nothing is fine everything
before we spill another water bottle so
what are you getting me for Christmas I
don't know but I got you a birthday
present
that nobody else can get you besides me
so you got me a birthday present that
nobody else can get me besides you
sounds like sexual no no no no what are
you getting me for Christmas
mostly bad though like if you think
about this in actuality I'm just a
church who was falling asleep in class
four years ago and now I got my mama
Rolex I love you
thank you wrong we did it we did it guys
mama if you're watching this I love you
I told you not to watch it though we got
this watch from Tourneau like from the
ACE that first song he goes
104 Oh watch Presley playing Jay today
was an absolute success guys if you
haven't already gotten some of the new
merch guys you need to have fans Ratko
bachelors Jay Paul I bet you guys
haven't even seen this piece yet there's
all types of new stuff the jig ballers
are going crazy on it I have a lot of
new favorite I don't even know which
one's my favorite anymore status
sweatshirt kind candy every day bro
hoodie there's so many but I think we're
gonna be good because Justin apparently
is getting this private jet yup I got it
it's done it's actually confirmed and
guys since it's down in my December you
know I have two more iPhone winners for
you guys today I'm giving out an iPhone
every day of the month all you have to
do is come back everyday smash that
subscribe button to turn on my post
notifications and comment down when
you're done today's winners are Angela
Abrams from Chicago congratulations
Angela and Mary Carmen Cortez from Santa
Ana guys congratulations
smash that subscribe button like I said
turn on the post notifications all you
gotta do give me humming else I want to
say y'all tomorrow because number day
bro please
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
