all right it's every man for themself
good morning Jay college it is all going
down right now
we are currently here at the pop-up shop
and there's a ton of Jake haulers
downstairs now guys I know what you're
thinking Jake what are you gonna do
buddy
I have never Frank the Jake Pollard's
before yo I bring everyone pic Erica I
bring Nick with the Tasers first of all
the Jake pullers are lit correct why
they've never been praying before guys
it is time to prank the jig ballers I'm
pranking you guys come on man he's gonna
put on my outfit put the hood up and act
like he's me and go out into the crowd
and see what happens but good morning
Jake Paulus put your vlog belts on we
have another crazy day here in New York
it's literally going down like Albert
said yesterday when I'm yelling timber
are you ready to be Jay Paul it's gonna
be crazy yeah thank you yeah you should
be like walk out backwards like this
like Mason you go around to the back of
him and then he'll turn around and
they're all gonna be like take your foot
off and turn around I'm so sorry Jake
Paulie
y'all got played okay
I'm sorry I'm so sorry I had to do it
I'm also happy Nikki I'm gonna go inside
sorry I'm sorry Jake polish so I had to
prank you guys at least one time in my
life they went so quiet it was like
everyone was so high because he was
vlogging and then it just went dead
quiet
another day like I said good morning
guys you are new here I'm Jake Paul
y'all are there Jake Pollard's and
welcome to the hottest vlog channel on
YouTube babe I don't know what's going
on but welcome to the hottest YouTube
channel on the platform baby
butcha vlog belts on you guys are now a
part of this amazing jerk shut up you're
now a part of my life and it's let every
single day bro already pranked the Jake
Pollard's guys and there's a lot going
down today you guys already know that
but last night Oh Erica and I hear hey
we did a photo shoot last night and it
was like it was like really cute is like
come on
too much yep but actually guys those
photos are like really couple goals
again how much it's snowing right I
haven't vlogged in the snow in so long
and it's crazy because it's dynamite
December and it's so perfect because
we're spending our December in New York
but actually guys New York is like the
best place for December Christmas vibes
yesterday we found 12 Christmas trees
there's Christmas trees everywhere and
once again it is another day of dynamite
December but back to what I was trying
to say earlier before what you guys may
not have seen is this other picture if
you look closely on that picture hashtag
zoom hashtag zoom you see that you can
see that I had like a thing in my nose
because I literally get bloody noses all
the time especially when it's like super
dry out and snowing and I get bloody
noses you know what I mean I'm just a
blunt judge I'm making bloody noses
fashionable fashion is all about doing
artsy fartsy things mainly farsi like
anthony's farts a lot of farts but
anyways guys I'm making bloody noses
cool like it's gonna be a fashion
statement bro
sorry he's on a power trip cuz we're
here at the pub a shop and the merger
sound like a god trip you need a coma
right in the dick hi guys we're losing
sight of us hey I'm going to another
merch company going to van joy calm I'll
hit you - Jake Wohlers I'm crazy bro oh
you like I said though I'm gonna make
bloody noses cool again I'm a
trendsetter bro literally not only do I
set trend sunny yesterday where no one's
doing this oh my gosh I'm doing this
this is these are motocross beats
Sonny's doing it Sonny it's not I know I
threw a snowball Nathan like we're at
the pop-up shop right now we're on New
York yeah like you saw yesterday I was
doing like a ton of interviews and so
like that support the reason why we're
trending right now they said I was gonna
be the first social media billionaire
candy can actually a really good candy
cane - Jake Paulo gave that to me yeah
why would you eat it I don't like that
red and yellow color scheme son I'm
making bloody noses cool were they ever
cool they're gonna be now literally guys
like I look dumb in this picture with
Chad I look dumb or is the bloody nose
plug I think look I stay away I stay
away from blood I still would come from
Ohio I smell blood and I go
you never had a bloody nose on fish no
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna get so much
girls like this oh my gosh like leave
air god of this
she's busy petting goats oh we innovate
stuff like this no one's ever done a
flash-forward on YouTube before
flash-forward Apollo's first time in the
snow later in this vlog what does no I
get bloody noses every day bro every day
bro peace the vlogs over peace make sure
your subscribe to keep up with wrong
with you
what do you mean you don't like this
okay siren sunny Justin and I over here
uh you're not more attractive to man
we're setting trends look at look at
this look at Sonny's pants motocross no
one's doing a motocross ban everybody's
hearing that no I know a lot about
motocross and no one's doing that I ride
dirt bikes over Ram you're a hater bro
what are you wearing right now your
merch my March it says Lincoln bio who's
made merch mrs. Lincoln bio because all
they have to do to get the merchant's go
to the Lincoln buyer that's any no try
anywho guys they weren't lying that
we're shutting down New York the Jake
ballers are here and the Jake Pollard's
our hashtag shock bra and also to start
off the trend of bloody noses being cool
I got to represent it in front of
everyone I got a rocket in front of all
the Jake polish first they're gonna be
like what has Jake got in his nose and
then they're gonna be like that's tall
yeah you guys see this bloody nose it's
a trend
shout out to the NYPD Facebook oh this
is New York an you think you just get an
attitude with me give me the video to
get the bloody those games my boy is
selling mouse traps so we had 100
skateboards in New York 100 and they all
sold out so if you up and hand me up for
more artwork so I made these this is
this is our rat traps in New York baby
oh this is art it's got hit right on
it's got from a picture of you J bro so
you ran out of merch and you're selling
mouth chef bro you gotta know the game
leaking by oh baby now I'm talking about
oh don't do it and my boy here bought
one I already sold 80 today baby don't
do lady knows tissue how much 100 ya
know are you the medic know bloody nose
gang is just it's just a thing I got
Jake bugs know bloody nose game
meanwhile while all this is going down
agent Joe and manager keV are doing
something big
New York business and guys speaking of
business it's kind of funny because of
manager keV is actually like getting
famous like who and he goes out there
like people are like trying to take
pictures with them and then yeah I did
say what CEO Chris yeah but not as much
he's not as poppin right not yet no your
pop daggers banjo October no oh yeah
no it's not gonna seat whenever you try
to actually say you're at name it's just
a dull finish oh right
no every time you say that it's just a
dolphin noise but if they go on
Instagram they go to act no yeah they're
not hearing okay I'm taking my business
to fan Joe
Ben don't be serious
yes bill I guess yeah it was it was the
snowball fight day
oh well night it I didn't think I
actually hit you you hurt my feelings
really nation we gotta go
Oh what's next I know we did other
things you guys have a one tag guys the
pop-up shop is insane I'm here with the
NYPD SBA we're doing a huge Christmas
guys these guys with the follow shopping
everything and this is a reminder that
we need you guys to bring toys to the
pop-up shop tomorrow so that we can get
a bunch of toys for kids for their
Christmases to make it a little bit
better
it's bloody nose game is hi-pro and it's
also Christmas broke and in the
Christmas Day bro songs I don't know if
you guys have heard of yet here's a
preview of happen presence in three days
in Anthony's verse he said if you don't
like the click we can have a snowball
fight tonight yo I was thinking we can
everyone on team 10
Jericho's here too and we have a giant
snowball fight the world's like biggest
dope is Cygnus don't know all right it's
every man for themself
now this is the dumbest nobody nice
you're not going on the Billboard yeah
that was a dope snowball fight I have a
funny story um basically you know the
other day when we were on the jet and
basically the jet company was this they
got pissed at us and we're supposedly on
a returning flight back to New York no
calm down buddy calm down buddy I mean
Apollo did poop on the plane but like
look at how cute he is bro look at how
cute he is and we're also gonna take
them into the snow for the first time
ever do all this snow you've never seen
this no yeah like you can't be mad at
that bro like we weren't even that crazy
oh man Apollo poop and like we can't
control it what our dogs want to do I
mean if they're gonna poop they're gonna
food yeah but what I'm trying to get at
is bugs I think we're gonna be stranded
in New York because they were supposed
to give us a flight back but they uh
they cousin said can't do it sorry Jed
smarter I guess we're gonna jet dumber
now yeah we're gonna jet dumber you
gotta realize that I'm a vlogger when
I'm vlogging I do crazy I wonder what
this lever does like did you not know
what you were getting yourself into
I mean look at this they're fighting
over a jalapeno bag with nothing inside
it's just a bag but their cutest so it's
fine let him live like see you guys the
hotel we're staying at right now they
knew I was gonna do crazy it's nuts
however its puppy snow town Wow anybody
are you ready oh he's not ready I think
she's ready here we go
you like it buddy
you want this down yeah you like you
want this no guys this is like a most
adorable - yeah look at how cute down
Asolo in the snow it's like guys we're
still here at the pawn shop it's a
little Asian dynamite December and now
it's time to take the dopest winter
picture pow come here it's a winter
wonderland three two one Ashley bloody
nose gang if only I had a little bit
more blood I could have in a house no
cone I can get a blade what do you mean
Oh snow cone you just bleed you put it
on there and then you eat it but guys
that has been it for today guys today's
been so much fun we murdered on so many
levels
I'm announcing to iPhone winners
tomorrow but guys if you wanted a chance
to win all you have to do smash the
subscribe button on my post
notifications pop the house where's the
game fans rip my sweatshirts are like
low on stock I'm telling you it's the
holidays tell your mom tell you dad yes
you want one you got to get it right now
I like this one I like the cotton candy
one I like the stairs I don't know which
was my favorite anymore
and we will see you guys tomorrow
because it's every day bro
peace bye
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on the daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
