Jake Pollard's I I don't know how to say
this but like we see it's going it's
going
oh down I'm yelling timber but actually
though party people is going down puts
your vlog about son I got my seatbelt on
Albert's in the building shout out that
on the meters it's another day of
dynamite energy kids say what's up yeah
that's good and you know that the early
bird gets the worm party people I'm
telling you the squad is here in New
York and we have a huge day ahead of us
this is my big day man Albert's I'm
going on TV buddy I'm gonna be famous
dude we're a billboard times birthday
what I told you bro it's a dynamite
December where's the Billboard honey we
need to see this billboard today yo I'm
going on TV we got a billboard I'm doing
interviews with like 900 people today
it's going down i'm yelling New York
bunch a cheer from Ohio
except me love me and most importantly
respect people like I said guys put your
vlog belts on you guys are now with me
for today's journey quick little
flash-forward up I'm gonna show you guys
this billboard I don't know apparently
we have a billboard oh oh that's where I
don't even know I haven't even seen it
yet but my flash-forward sigh that's
pretty doable no guys it's not about the
destination it's about the journey you
guys are long for it now yesterday was
absolutely insane private jet
literally lost or forgotten we forgot a
six-year-old I do uh something now we
are in New York Albert's in the building
it's going down I'm yelling timber oh
it's time in my December and less
flipping through that time like I said
guys today is a day of interviews first
one is with People magazine we want to
talk to the people but I love magazines
because they have these like little like
cologne things on the inside you don't
even I just so I'm good dude
and I'm also gonna be on this TV over
here so you know hashtag I made it mom
you smell that yeah it smells good huh
it does yeah
yeah already off to a great start bro
and yo I just love New York because
there are so many giant Christmas trees
literally everywhere you go there's a
giant Christmas tree so I'm starting a
Christmas tree counter right now number
one two three four five six seven eight
Christmas trees it's been like 10
seconds bro I also love to be or because
they have spinny doors I usually get
kicked out what I have to do it yo
that's alliteration and uh Christmas
tree 9 Christmas tree 10 like to take
Palmas and guys my boy Albert's back in
the building
you got them hater blockers on now
though I see you with them hater
blockers on if you don't know what hater
blockers are you just put on the
Blackshades kid and you say honey no
it's still going down I'm yelling timber
but guys it's actually still going down
we have interviews on interviews on
interviews on interviews on the
interviews today it's that big New York
business we go on these podcasts or
whatever they are and we take all of
their fans and convert them into Jake
Pollard's it's like a simple simple
equation I've said it before I told you
it's live like and subscribe goodbye oh
I have no friends Jesus I'm good new
sleep bro hey mom
she just pranked me guys my old mom
calls me and pranks me forever vlog good
morning Pam stirs can you believe this
good afternoon stir mom you need to get
a life okay you're having a midlife blog
crisis yo do you need a manager I'm here
I'm here for you Pam what is life when
it's 9:00 a.m. and your mom calls you
and it's a prank you need Jesus mom guys
we are here I heart media and you know
doing interviews but instead of I heart
media's my heart doughnuts and Christmas
tree number 11 New York baby
like Albert and I said guys it's going
down we're yelling like we're
legitimately still getting interviewed
right now look at how serious of an
interview this is bro all of team ten is
here in the streets of New York
it's Knicks first time in New York and
I'm kind of bummed because I'm not able
to spend it with them but what I am
going to Jingle Ball later with Erica
and sunny so that's gonna be dope like I
said guys we are here at the pop-up shop
and this is the first time I've been
able to vlog like from the floor of the
pop-up shop and it is sick
we got like huge video screens we got my
boy Steve right here there was up Steve
however guys we're getting ready for the
pop-up shop like just take a look at all
this merch guys we got cotton candy
we got the exclusive team ten
merchandise we got rain bro we got
everyday bro New York I'm gonna see you
in the next couple of days but I feel
like we need a motivational speech the
people of the pop-up need to get
motivated everybody I just want to say
that Jake ballers are starting to line
up outside and this is gonna be the best
damn pop-up shop that's ever happened in
New York
you guys remember why we're doing this
it's for the Jake Paulo's okay it's
about the merchandise
it's that fire let's get rowdy
thank you for all coming
guys the jig haulers are lit I see
another Christmas tree over there you
see it I see this Christmas tree
add it to the counter guys this
Christmas trees everywhere look guys I
had to flex on New York you know what
I'm saying hello and we got a giant
billboard in the middle of Times Square
so we're in Times Square right now so
the billboard is like right here guys
but we haven't looked at it yet
Ron York in Times Square this is like
dream it's like team ten everyone is on
it their little dis chat know that it's
a prank on him and we didn't put him on
the Billboard look at how giant this
billboard you see this look at my name
goes all the way up there bro that's
giant who what who those people on the
side why am I not on the Billboard Oh No
wait wait where's the Billboard go what
is this where did I go there's like a
random people on it - that was not me I
don't know what that was why am I not on
the Billboard I pranked you with that
one no Jen why would you do that bro
because row I mean know you're there bro
you're there That's not me you're yeah
it is bro your face is on it you know
what Jake at least I'm here in New York
City I'm four five I mean you're right
there you don't see your face Jake you
don't even know how bad I'm gonna get
you back for this we made the mistake of
putting all of the team members that are
on Team ten on they're fired there's
literally Jake followers everywhere that
we
tell my boys got the boys my boys got
the merch it's everyday
Brandon city's literally though it's in
like the dopest spot on the corner this
is where they dropped the ball on New
Year's like there's all these giant
billboards oh it's me oh my teacher said
I wouldn't amount to anything and now
I'm still not know do you see that where
is that Greg pause there it's Greg Paul
and his new girlfriend
she's hot for a good job great god who
showed iru that loser on the Billboard
someone's getting fired it was that
unique or who was it if it was me
wouldn't be a problem it is really cold
but you know what keeps us warmer the
taxi dance baby like this sexy today
hey hey hey texting texting texting
texting I'm trying to go somewhere fast
I'm gonna jump in a Jackson whoa texting
accident texted ends I almost died dance
I will die dance I almost died dance
like Albert and I said it's going down
I'm yelling I only think we kill is the
game baby yo you know as know I love
Drake he said taller vs. you'll see what
we mean
Oh No
it's so dope it's so dobro look at how
giant this is well who did this name
goes to this to the stars I'm gonna be a
star Nick Crompton apollo's on it Apollo
mate yeah but seriously they put those
other guys out there I'm gonna team 10
in the building screw you mrs. Clarke
the omen seriously guys come to the pawn
shop it's a big day today are we saying
Andy or Hyundai I say handy hey guys
were on a rooftop in New York I got a
bloody nose bloody noses like my song
every day bro guys the New York vibes
are so learned bro - littmus it's
dynamite December and because of that
I'm giving away an iPhone every single
day of the month this money today's
iPhone winners go to Tracy stick me from
Manhattan Beach Christopher Brandi from
Concord congratulations guys thank you
so much for subscribing if you guys want
to win an iPhone all you gotta do is
smash that subscribe button and turn on
my post notifications that comment done
when you're done brah
guys I'm still gonna be on national
television in a little bit doing this
thing called the Jingle Ball I'm like a
presenter or something but the New York
vibes are so uncle Cate here it's gonna
fly this drone guys oh we're in a no-fly
zone I got a way to overcome this ready
this is a secret hack that'll teach in
high school you know teach you the no
fly zone how you gonna fly it in a
no-fly zone I've been in a no dad's own
before but still dad
you fly here no cool I'm gonna say let's
go jingle you know it's buddy go down
when they hear things right now guys
first thing puff could literally kill
somebody I can think as I'm introducing
Julia Michael has know our song issues I
have a lot of issues like kind of ironic
I would have killed her with a spoon
no you're gonna kill Sonny boom boom
this next artist always speaks directly
from her horn oh the hit single it's
everyday bro please welcome to the stage
Jake ball
Jake Pollard's I I don't know how to say
this but like we uh
lost a member of the Jake Waller family
today I don't know if you guys remember
Mackenzie who we did a make-a-wish with
but she's like the sweetest girl ever
should today she yeah she passed away I
don't know how to like I've never gone
through something like this before so
like I don't know how to cope with it
but it's insane to have been with
someone and then like as such a young
age and then less than like weeks later
like they're not here and like she was
such like a amazing girl and so nice and
sweet and and positive and she's a she's
a one of us for us she's like a Jake
Paul there and I I'm sorry I guess she's
in a better place now she deserves
nothing but the best I know instead of
watching the vlogs now she's gonna be I
mean I feel like she's here right now
watching over us as we vlog she was the
perfect example of someone who lived her
life to the fullest everyday and
smiled every day no matter what was
going on in her life and it's like so
true it's like that's what we represent
and like your guy Jake Paul or your girl
jake paul or like whoever you are like
feel free to get emotional like dude
like don't hold back your feelings and
like all you can do in life is smile and
get better every day
hi as you break it down I have all the
things in the world I have a house out
of cars whatever it is and like none of
that matters it's all about like your
friends and family and having fine no
McKenzie just wants us to remember her
for like the amazing girl she was and
her smile and her red lipstick and all
the positivity she brought in the light
she brought into the room and I'll never
forget her I'm sure you guys won't
either Kenzi
recipes
you
however Jake Pollard's been dedicating
like today to the McKenzie and she would
just all want us to smile and the Apple
and the haters I guess
but I don't even want to sit I don't
want to fuck anymore but I'll see you
guys tomorrow it's everyday bro peace
you
