how do you forget buddy are you ready
for your first time on a private plane
you ready buddy
yes today is going to be quite an
adventure every adventure starts with
one footstep in this is a foot I love
this thing man like I said good morning
Jake polish put your flock belts on
because it's about to go down yesterday
I was supposed to get revenge I'm Lauren
and David but we are sidetracked so
instead I'm gonna just get revenge on
team dead cool
look up in the Yaak welcome to down on
my December guys that's going down no
she's not the pastor's are the strongest
team on YouTube besides the Jake poster
hamsters
hey good morning doing
that's our alarm we gotta go good
morning once again guys and I'll speak
in the morning breakfast is the most
important meal of the day which is why
I'm choosing to eat chance and Anthony's
leftover pizza from last night now
you're probably wondering why I I mean
yeah and I have a theory guys healthy
food isn't about the calories it's about
how happy it makes you and this makes me
happy
pineapples three things one if you don't
like pineapples I don't like you to Penn
pineapple a pen and three spongebob
lives in a pineapple give me one second
Pablo is here bro did you have to go
alright five minutes hashtag we gotta go
hey it's been in Seattle with this
girlfriend so we haven't seen him in a
while I still need to go back to Seattle
and find the missing GoPro the GoPros
going forever and speaking of gone we
got a hashtag no once again good morning
Oh
through this morning it's like oh wait
oh good hey I can't have you going in
public with this much skin revealing
what are you doing oh my god oh my
it's so you know 5:30 my new merch early
morning discount oh there you go the
sale I'm inside kids it was 5:30 for a
second they've got fans Reiko back so
that's Jake Paul and get yourself some
of the hottest new winter collection
shut up we're coming buddy
we're just one big dysfunctional family
mainly dysfunctional and less big people
keep on leaving dude damn it you're
going with the darker yeah you're going
to New York here yeah well oh this is
going to be quite the interesting trip
you got Athena do we do did I get away
dogs food oh he needs no no you can eat
McDonald's better you be angry for me
then you forgot something my wallets ID
fallen service award' easily we have
Chad Erica Anthony chance Nair Kade
Nathan two dogs every day I feel my life
oh of New York
Tony hollows favorite song singing of
power
oh boy mighty good solo good oh you're
still going good I have bitch D in the
music I can get it ever do you have a
PhD in music what do you think about
this guy super I love that that's new
level of oh you have your PhD in music
and I have my PhD in savagery absolutely
alright we got to the airport
flying private Pablo sorry Apollo took
your spot buddy Apollo wanted to drive
sorry about that Jericho's got oh hello
we're flying private it's like we're the
new Kardashians do you mean we fly No
are you ready buddy yes you are you guys
got it hashtag dog couple goals am i
right just a couple of charges from the
Midwest on my shorts though I wonder
what this lever does no what the heck I
have to sit next to the adults no
offense guys no offense but I want to
sit next to Erica I'll be right back
guys
and look who's in the building a
building look who's in the private jet
sorry I'm not bougie which one are you
trying to flirt with me cuz you just put
this blanket over my leg like you were
insinuating that you wanted to cuddle no
no
it looks like it's about a four hour and
35 minute flight from wheels off the
wheels down four hours and 35 minutes of
partying make sure it's a usable exit
before you open it now I'm in the back I
swear to God if your shoes touch my seat
warm oh damn time kids if I wasn't
buckled in I'll come back there damn it
look at the lovebirds oh I can't get
your pad on my shot do you guys need any
help at this moment okay oh and once I
put the seatbelt sign on if you guys
could off but you see papa
does that include Apollo the dog docks
good okay just let me know I'm really
gonna flying things Justin I know you're
the coolest fifteen-year-old in the
world but shouldn't you be in school bro
it's actually kind of crazy because
Athena went from like getting abused in
a home and we rescued her and now she's
flying private and she's got over a
hundred K on Instagram she made it
Apollo is really cocky but I'd be cocky
too if I was that cute oh wait I am
panting Kevin are you ready to take a
million photos no I'm not no guys it's
funny because manager Kevin become
famous all the jig pullers like storm
room at these at the pop-up shop
speaking of amount of shot see you there
here's the details
I say hey you guys are can afford first
class and I say hey it's gotta get
kicked in the Bahamas let's do it on the
private jet now kicker oh do harder than
that come on oh he came in for a second
this is called a private jet nut punch
can join wakes me up you know we're
taking off and Apollo is going up hill
it's defying gravity guys I hate to ruin
the mood but um you can still see the
fires burning in the mountains and as
you guys saw yesterday it's like out of
control I'm still really worried about
the team tan house guys and we can't
forget about a piece of merchandise that
we made where 100% of the proceeds are
going to the firefighters and their
families and anyone affected by the
fires guys so if you get that
merchandise it'll mean a lot to me I'm
donating some of my own money like I
said but something California really
needs our help guys
it's almost like you guys didn't think
it was real I'm taking Jake's ball go
over to show you that
we're on the private jet all cameras are
off we're all just chillin hashtag
Jericho's real
for all the times I've been woken up
these past couple weeks I should be a
snake Jevon oh man Apollo pooped I knew
it'd be ham so bad we are such a
dysfunctional family this is the perfect
opportunity to thank our sponsors get
smarter because you don't want a jet
dumber
so jet smarter you like chance and
Anthony always on the toilet bro who
says I can't leave team ten I'll leave
you team ten right now
I'm sick of everyone leaving so I'm
leaving I'm jumping out of the plane
where's the door three two one a New
York Lion here
somebody get these goddamn snakes how
are you you look fine wait is your name
Pablo no what's your name do you know
Pablo
you
Andy there's the manager covers Andy
Andy welcome to New York forgetting
simple oh do we have food for this we
got settled into our hotel I know it's
time to conquer New York you already
know how we do it bro it's Olympus Miley
cost more than your ring it do
I'm surprised we make Crompton's first
time in New York no no Nick coming down
come on go go and ice skating this is
America LA pretty hot New York pretty
cold but Nick hasn't changed that's dope
yeah but no guys is actually really
freezing uh-huh look at this you got
some couple goals there okay I bet you
you won't go on the rink right now like
I said guys it's dynamite December every
Tuesday litmus
this guy's got into us he's on the radio
there's some la cha cheese ruining this
ice-skating rink
Ben's calling Ben's going what up bro
yeah yeah yeah buddy
yeah I can't yo yo hey yo I knew we're
eating something oh man hold on one
second buddy he was under the stairs bro
wait where are you are you are you on
your way here what where are you right
now it looks like you're at McDonald's
or something well to the scene eclipse
is here okay don't come here can't
cancel it we forgot a six-year-old I
know no you're supposed to come to the
pawn shop how did you forget he's
getting revenge on us guys that's cute
Ben bro I didn't mean to leave you you
were supposed to wake up guys it has
been an awesome day Apollo's in New York
thank you so much for watching
merchandise in the game banjo Baxter
pulbrook we have such a fun weekend
ahead of us guys make sure you're
subscribed and turn out for
certifications I'm announcing to iPhone
winners tomorrow and I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's every day peace
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
