two employees from Team ten had to like
rush to their homes and evacuate their
homes because their house has a
potential chance of like burning down
like literally it could happen tonight
dynamite December guys like we are about
to pull Christmas caroler wake up guys I
got the Charles Dickens carolers here
and we are about to wake up everybody
19:10 but guys if you're new here i'm
jake paul you guys are the jake ballers
this is the team den house and it just
lit every single thing so quit your
blocked outside because it's about to go
down when I told y'all it was gonna be a
dynamite December I wasn't lying we've
been riding Christmas trees and today is
a day of madness and today is a day of
revenge
flash-forward guys I got some tools for
some revenge
what was that
it's a litmus bra
yeah like I said guys today is a day of
litmus and it's a day of revenge most
importantly yesterday we narrowed down
at the toilet papering
incident to two suspects mr. david
dobrik and mr. logan paul and so jake
bothers when people mess with us you
know what we do you know what we do we
gotta come back twice as hard you guys
you do love these dogs really need
training man like did you learn anything
from yesterday you got bit by a dog
Apollo when we get revenge we come back
twice as hard it's so last night I spent
all night literally all that yeah I
don't have a life making this
contraption check this out guys it's a
leaf blower with toilet paper on the end
for maximum tp'ing power this is gonna
allow us to TP Logan and David like just
watch
this niggas dick bro
couldn't have said it any better it is
time for revenge
yo-chan still asleep though yeah we
should test it out
like I literally said while destroying
chances face the new winter collection
of March is now available it's the
hottest march in the game I think I have
a new favorite guys the cotton candy
sweatshirt it's like absolutely on fire
and the jig haulers are going hard on it
so get it before it sells out dab on the
medoff Android I go back such big month
however guys I'm actually like Heike
starting to get super worried I don't
know if you could tell but it's like
windy like look at my hair as a
reference I'm sure you've seen it all
over the news by now the fires in
California are going crazy right now and
we are near the affected areas it's
literally right like this is where one
of the giant fires are like you're
getting literally come right down this
valley I don't know what to make of this
situation but one thing I do want to say
is like my prayers go out to any of the
families that are being affected by this
right now that's just one of the fires
there's like some on this side of the
hill there's some on this side of the
hill it's absolutely insane can we get a
helicopter not a percent you gonna make
some calls y'all make some calls easy
okay so apparently we're gonna try and
go in a helicopter over the fires and
maybe help out I guess I still need to
get revenge I don't know what I'm gonna
do but I do know that if the team 10th
house is going down I'm going down
looking like a sexy beast nice take
charcoal mask hashtag the clear skin
actually that I'm here with Jada barber
as you guys probably know like one of my
favorite people in life is Drake and
this guy cuts Drake's hair can you
believe that
Jada barber you're crazy bro I would not
be mad if I made a song with Drake I
wouldn't be mad at all or baka or
whoever it is bro we up to something we
have to something vicious however yes
I'm gonna have Jay here put a ten in the
back of my head to rep team ten because
I'm going on live television I think in
two days for the Jingle Ball in New York
and so I'm trying to have the team
penlow go on national television hashtag
that
your boys looking fresh guys just so you
know face ID does not work when I got
this charcoal mask on look it won't even
unlock what the Steve Jobs we went
through the roof about this yo does suck
say hi Jay
we did it drink fuck up may be coming
soon but yo guys I was in this year's
YouTube rewind hello
check out this clip
but guys I filmed all the
behind-the-scenes of it we still have a
lot going on it's a litmus it's a
dynamite December keep your vlog belts
on but this is it behind the scenes of
the YouTube rewind I slimed Logan in the
first guy's major major flashback right
now it's December I believe for you guys
but right now it's like October for us
we're here the squad and we are shooting
the YouTube rewind guys oh my God my
brother bogan Paul here I don't rewind
bro only fast-forward what I am about to
hit my brother Logan in the face this
was a big deal cuz we both gonna take
Ellis will check its gonna take algebra
we're gonna do it together
behind the scenes look at how they do
these YouTube rewind yeah cuz their
intensive YouTube rewind is no joke this
is a scorcher today now it is his turn
to slime me well I don't want to get
slimed dammit
hey nice go what the hell well I wasn't
like that
this is so deep in here now this is bad
I can't hear is there a medic on set did
you say mulling it by no actually q-tips
o3y was dope I had so much fun shooting
that it's time to break Tyler
so Jake here is gonna be cutting his
hair guy need you to put help I'd be in
the back of his head as a prank
and it stands for the Lincoln bio make
my because then I can plug my merch
always we can buy all right you cut his
hair and then text me when you're almost
done alright sorry Tyler
but Tyler we have something to look
forward to another flash for Jake
ballers we're gonna be going up in a
helicopter later today so get ready for
that but we're gonna see his reaction
and have something else that I need to
conquer rentee minutes late down damn
dude that looks good thanks what is a
does that stand for Lincoln bio George
Lincoln bio no it's like you can put my
new blog channel link in your vial
personally can buy out Kyler's new Broad
Channel and Lincoln bio time to conquer
the rant
guys we are currently at the airport
Kyler's otherwise known as Lincoln mile
made some calls and we have this
helicopter here I know originally I was
supposed to go TP David and Logan and
get revenge on them however guys like
this fire thing really started to have a
personal and like an emotional effect on
me two employees from Team ten had to
like rush to their homes and evacuate
their homes because their house has a
potential chance of like burning down
like literally it could happen tonight
and you guys know me like I love to get
involved in these types of situations
and help in any way possible I thought
the perfect way of doing that would be
to go up and see what is going down and
see how we as Jake Pollard's can help
with these devastating fires and help
the families in any way and not only
that but guys Nick just took this
picture and as you can see in that
picture the the fire is starting to come
over the hill like we said earlier today
so it could potentially affect team 10
house like we might actually have to
evacuate so my boy Rick he's gonna take
us up and we're gonna fly as close as we
can to the fires to see what is going
down if you remember Rick he is the one
that helped us with the helicopter
trampoline shoot now the reason why I
tell you that is because this is super
super dangerous guys right now these
winds are absolutely insane we had to
get a bigger helicopter just to be able
to fly there's heat there's smoke it
could get really really intense like I
said guys there's a lot going on today
it's already been a crazy day and it's
only getting crazier your own I even
fully caught up to speed
Eric and I did this reading event
earlier
and I'm just like going full pace think
we're going to New York tomorrow there's
so much going down I want to see how I
can help these families and the fires
like aren't stopping as I'm actually
super nervous for the team now it's like
all jokes aside like we could actually
lose our whole house and guys speaking
of New York we are gonna be there this
weekend for pop-up shop exclusive March
you're gonna be able to get all of this
stuff this weekend here's the details
meet us there come hang out and since
it's dynamite December today's iPhone
winner is militia Hersh from
Massachusetts congratulations Melissa
guys Lincoln by them if you guys want a
iPhone all you have to do is smash the
subscribe button right now join the
strongest team on YouTube the joke
Polar's and turn on those posts
notifications and comment done when you
are done yeah fish camp yeah you do have
some pretty cute babies but I mean and
any of Lincoln my on the side of your
head but that K that's really about it
however guys hah this is probably gonna
get really dangerous I don't know man I
just want to get the help Los Angeles
stay strong California stay strong and
you can see none of the homes are left
standing it's simply one chimney after
the next on each driveway so we know
that there's some 500 fire crews on
scene they have been going door-to-door
amongst people in the neighborhood just
knocking on doors making sure everyone
got out and now they're in the distance
it's hard to see because of all the
smoke
that would be actually rich took that
measure oh my gosh you Larry just from
his mom this is my best to leave their
house their husband here you go bro he
gets a call from his mom saying that
their house might burn down
that was insane I got a bloody nose
while we were up there shaking polish
these families need our help Kyler here
his family needs our help I came up with
an idea I'm gonna be donating to my own
money two firefighters guys who are
helping and their families and anyone
evacuating but if you want to get
involved I'm creating this special piece
of merchandise guys you see it here on
the screen and 100% of the proceeds of
that are going to the firefighters and
their families into the victims of these
fires and people who have to evacuate
and so it would mean the world to me I
know I look like a dumbass right now and
I'm exhausted it's been a long day but
it would mean the world to me
if y'all could get involved get that
merchandise and help a family you know
you never know when you're gonna need
the help one day the Jake Pollard's are
all about making the world a better
place and helping as many people as we
can and bro have you talked to your mom
back at the team ten house guys and I
will see y'all tomorrow for another
crazy adventure smash that subscribe
button cop hottest March in the game
Panzer octo backslash Jake Paul my new
favorite sweatshirt is the cotton candy
sweatshirt guys it's not like I got
science or get yourself some of the new
Los Angeles merch guys 100% of the
proceeds are going back to firefighters
and their families and I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's every day bruh
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on a daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
