it's so creepy this isn't even cool dude
don't like those are no anybody ever
jump the Lambo at 6:00 in the morning at
6:00 a.m. right now I'm gonna jump the
front of my lambo here my name is Jake
are you guys are the Jake Pollard's you
just became a part of today's roller
coaster ride guys the reason I jumped
the car is because today is a day of
cars in general today is a day of Bonnie
where's Greg Paul I got a bond with my
dad it was uh guys welcome to my life I
name is Jake Paul I love you guys so
much but more importantly welcome to the
life of Apollo and Athena and also
welcome to the team
Tara house
you know that is the squad team ten guys
we had a merch store in a house Angela's
a boy you are oh yo we gotta go and kind
of I know you were doing father-son
bonding time dad you're not wearing much
dude I'm gonna have to blow you I just
blew out I mean now we got to go do
something that's tech man yo we all woke
up super early kids in the building
we're about to bun we're going to some
super dope hashtag carve and hashtag
hashtag everything hashtag it's Sunday
Funday the squad is out here doing it
big put your vlog belts on and get ready
for today's roller coaster ride party
people I love y'all I want to make sure
you're smiling I want to make sure you
dab in on them a toes I want to make
sure you're getting better every single
day bro I made a song in his 180 million
views every day bro yo for real without
any further ado it's Sunday fun day and
I tell you I love you but I dumb
I tell you I'll test you but I want
chimichangas and we made it guys yo
listen chimichangas is my new transition
word it's like chimichangas coming out
of a transition that's what I'm saying
look at this guy's people are checking
out the cars there's Ferraris this
Porsche
there's a whole lot of man going down
dad I feel like this is your car or like
Chad yo you won't get it right now you
won't get them bikini mercy yo chick she
so thirsty Anthony yeah that's right
here YouTube is going or even your dad
you can just guess can get one of these
mini cars on but yo for real what's a
sundae Funday really yo I told you this
dog is the devil we come home as ro I'm
yo get a trainer I'm literally taking
this dog back she looks cute watching
but really she's the devil look
Anthony dog I'm gonna have to take this
dog back I can't do it anymore how do
you put this how do you just put
something in front of someone and expect
it yeah did you hear that how to spell
me then I farted could get a replay how
do you put this we're gonna check the
cameras now let's see which dog did this
quite a bit Athena she's done this
before
it's not alright you want to check the
cameras
are we trying to decide which dog did it
is that the discrepancy here
discrepancies this is the deciding
factor of who the worst dog is I think
well I think you're on yesterday right
now or what the she was a full 24 hours
behind this is last night
what is it the dog no I thought I just
saw someone broke break something how do
you mean deal what the like hey guys
tell me something I say no no we weren't
maybe no hold on what the is that I can
i zoom dude why is that a clown there's
a clown in our house this what I saw I
saw I saw a glass break or something
well what dog he's looking at the camera
dude the team can check to see if
someone is filming someone had to be
filming a video yeah joke we didn't do
it where it was
wait is this chanting yeah were you
filming last night and uh yeah in the
kitchen what times yeah that was that
was that
2210 45 or you filming that saying the
kitchen I do it 35 yeah let me let me
you know it's you are dude you weren't
even here I explained what's going down
Jenna pulled the cameras I stumble upon
a fucking clown use the prank right no
look look you're messing with those dogs
I swear on my life
wrong what about you guys what about you
and chance or are you doing bro you
always need content you break things all
the time
I literally walked in there from when we
got over thousands last night we were
eating the McDowell's Oh Nick and I
walked in there
we're like yo why is their cup broken on
the ground I bet your ass on camera I
bet you it's me on camera walking in to
clean it up look look going going boy I
told you it's me and me I told you how
long after bro I don't even know do you
like like eight minutes what cameras yo
I'm still wondering whether a theater
follow broke into the jack but what
you're going to look at the cameras in
the kitchen and there is a clown clown a
killer clown that's like are you guys
Connor me I'm not that's not the same
one well no dude Nick
what at ten forty six dude he says one
side will Janine there's two there's two
there's two here's a chainsaw so what's
the next camera so we're right here Pro
who's right there somebody sleeping on
this couch and we have a clown's
lemonade or destroy tell people every
time I said you can never you never know
what's happening well go to next camera
cuz because the clown's walked in the
footage walk that way I was packing last
night at this time before I came down to
the cup see look look I'm packing in my
closet what do I do
like what do we do
it was someone on Team ten bro that's
how it was like the Commons in comes in
breaking plates oh my god
yo yo you you know what no you see the
reflection yeah I'm flying it down
slowing it down no no no oh my god all
right off what was I doing
dude why did he just come here to come
in look all my bro came in looked and
then walk this is some creepy creeper
this is some scary movie bro check more
cameras dude the fact they're in your
room is wack yo look I'm assuming they
came from the it's gotta be from this
it's got the brothers gotta be a right I
bet you do look at the chain that a
chain saw oh my god they got a frame
they got a frame they got of me okay so
at 10 to 944 at 1044 you know we're on
this backyard camera look look look you
see the figures walking
no no way like this isn't even cool dude
looking in the windows all the one has
the bolt bolt cutters though those are
say swinging it around bro it's gotta be
somebody like one of Nick's friends or
somebody who's developments know where
they were headed
all right back Donbass back stairs froze
walk is weird do where they going dude
that's my er I swear there they keep on
looking at the cameras
they know where they're happy this is
weird they enter through the back oh
it's so creepy this isn't even cool
don't like those are no camera no just
stare girl he came up the stairs I was
their gaming know that
do they know the cameras are there bro
they're just staring at it
no dude no this is no oh my god no no
way all right
my test is in the garage I'll just in
there security messages
I literally oh it's not outside either
Jeff I want to film the property like
how did no one see them like how did our
security company not pick this up yo did
you like in prank me like like I need to
know if it's a joke like did you come to
my house last night and break me
cars stolen my Tesla
no my Tesla broverload sure how wishes
mine I have to go to New York broad iron
trying to deal with the box right now
like hey 901 there's clowns in my house
that got away seamlessly with my car the
Tesla app Oh as long as it's not dead
update it's not dead it's not dead look
it says there's like just a few miles
left no wait with the load no way this
works okay oh dude dude it's not that
far
this is it it's like right down the
street Jake Paulo's guys I'm sorry like
you're seeing me pissed off or whatever
I like crazy obviously
well we're gonna figure it out and get
to the bottom of it I think I feel like
someone has to just be messing with us
but like everyone on Team 10 said it
wasn't them but if like this is a prank
it's I was like it's too far like like
what like a patina wouldn't have broken
into the trash we would have never
checked the cameras never really I never
realized that so I don't I feel like
it's not a prank
it's it's smarter down the road it says
it's on your left side says it's like it
looks like it's like quick we're super
close on the left side yet it is like oh
well the doors are open
yeah what the gosh no way
this is awesome and weirdest day my old
Bob Jake Paul die die die die die that's
right just cut dude just cut off it's a
message or what what I don't like Sunday
Funday just went upside down
because I don't even know what make of
that situation I'm probably gonna have
my legal team get to the bottom of it
and I'll try to keep you guys updated
I'm going to New York with Erica right
now we got blood shark back I'm hoping
that I'm really hoping that we figure
out it was some youtuber someone like
messing with us on the inside because
all the clues like it's like - it's too
good to be true you know like I guess
that's just part of the it's everyday
prologue
I just joined the strongest team on
YouTube crap yourself some of the
hottest march in the game is literally
the best design and I know you're
thinking Jake why you talking about
March 1 killer clowns or like breaking
into your house but it's because it is
the strongest dopest merch in the game
and if I'm gonna die those are gonna be
my last words fan joy got coke back so
that's Jake Paul and that's a funny kind
of plug in the March because if I woulda
lost my Tesla 180 K gone I won't see you
in New York
tomorrow because it's everyday bro join
the everyday bro movement default and
count yourself some of the hottest urged
in the gang go right now because the
shake collars sell everything out and
subscribe button and join the most late
YouTube channel on YouTube I'll see
y'all tomorrow
