I found some secret that you're gonna
want to see in the footage it's all
starting to make sense and we're
narrowing down our suspects it's about
to go down yesterday you saw us prank
chance with a ton of snow and this
morning well we're gonna anti break-in
if you don't know an anti prank is going
to prank him but you don't know it's
flat but I do need to go into his room
because I do need to get hair gel
because we do have a big big big day out
of the sub bunch of logs belts on body
people you just became a Jake Balder yes
about that go
yeah Harmon act like I'm like dumping
something on them but I don't and see
how he reacts I'm also still pissed
because we still need to figure out who
TPD our fucking house they got
everything it's all gonna go down we got
you I do need your hair gel though
thanks for the hair gel just amazed at
how much these dogs love each other and
I'm also amazed how there's not even any
snow on the ground like this place was
covered today what good morning Jake
colors what is Gucci party people
another day another dollar
another vlog you know how we do it here
like if you are new here I'm Jake Paul
you guys are the Jake Pollard's and it
oh wait I forgot to say and this is the
team 10th house and it is lit every
single day rap I am as y'all saw
yesterday somebody peed no I need no you
just don't do that you'll just come to
my house and do that without there being
some type of consequence and guys we
have a couple of culprits cuz we played
back the footage from yesterday and we
found something like super super super
super super super super super sneaky
yeah burp still cute though but speaking
of Athena and Apollo once again I am
Apollo was outside the whole entire time
the whole time while we were getting TP
and he I did absolutely nothing I come
outside and this dog has just got toilet
paper in his mouth he's like running
around he's like no you
buddy and team tent down mister you let
us down I can't do it I can't do it
anymore Apollo up it's time for Apple to
grow huh
like look at this playing tug-of-war
well somebody could be coming from this
bush just stab me in the back do you
know what I mean
I mean I get backstabbed a lot but like
literally actually like you're just
playing with Santa's nose
I just can't let Apollo actually like I
just can't let them be a little girl
anymore so we really want a little bit
of a field trip but guys like I said
earlier put your vlog belts on because
it's about to go down so we're getting
revenge today we're finding the culprit
of the TP and I might get bit by a
full-grown dog yeah here's a little
flash forward just so yeah just so you
get an idea of what's about to go down
did I just invent something new it's
called a flash-forward other youtubers
you can have that but Jake Pollard's are
changed but guys I need a Paolo to be on
this level actually so we got to get
going but you'll notice that I got the
hottest march in the game on this is my
favorite new sweatshirt guys the winter
line just came out if you haven't
already gotten this one like look how
fluffy that is guys it's so fluffy and
it's so warm I know you want to be warm
young young Apollo it's your big day by
day is your big day Apollo buddy your
Instagram name is Apollo the canine but
no joke so guys we are basically here at
Gold Coast training in California and
this is where they train like a ton of
police military dogs all that sort of
stuff and I'm bringing Apollo here so he
could witness what he needs to do in a
situation of somebody maybe keeping our
house somebody breaking in Apollo you
got to do this but we might eventually
enroll Apollo into this school you know
what I'm saying he's like freaking out
right now because there's like a ton of
other dogs in these like barns and as
you could tell those dogs are trained
because they're not even barking back
Apollo you are rocky but to take one for
the team on a form tired
Josh suit and the dogs attacked me a pop
so that you could see what you need to
do in case of an emergency you got it
buddy yeah you got it he's got it so I'm
gonna have a full-sized canine coming at
me full-size legs a double XL is that it
the dog my name it's gonna be I'm
starting to regret this but it's for
Apollo Apollo you guys put your vlog
belt on I'm putting my get attacked by
canine belt on hey whatever you guys do
can you just tell the dog to watch out
for the merchandise
try fans when I question you call you're
not I'm saying is this how it normally
works guys it's like giving birth I
think you should just go barefoot dogs
I'll take my toe off Roman thing
you need to know when the dog is coming
he's coming to give you all he has so
he's gonna kill me he thinks he is
you got the YouTube password their dog
magicians bro just got to be the alpha
male you saying I'm a female heart we're
gonna see what Apollo does when a toilet
paper is in the yard are you ready
Apollo and now Apollo this is what you
should bring
when a toilet paper rock is coming out
the team 10 hours calm down by the pay
attention apparently this is one of the
most famous and well-known attack dogs
slash police dogs slash military canines
there is his name is demo yeah every
time oh I get subscribe I'm sorry devil
well I think you've been through the
merchandise Apollo buddy if you're
watching this wrong I know you're just a
dog but that's what you got to do if
someone comes to TP our house all right
it's Anthony's turn now Gold Coast k9
this is how we do it all right guys so
this is like a bigger version of Apollo
this is a Malinois
and I'm actually gonna be the one that
sends them at Anthony sorry buddy
all right this dog's name is Marco and
the bite word is Stella
if I say it too how do you attack him
right now take notes Apollo okay are you
sure this is a mile backyard um well
we're teaching Apollo that's the point
bro oh here we go
oh gosh Anthony oh it's your turn baby
go no no you're supposed to bite him in
the head you're too nice Apollo you got
a lot of work to do kid
guys these dogs are like humans can you
imagine running from the cops and then
like you get over this fence and you
think you're okay and then all the
sudden this Dodger Jesus Christ it's a
human and we're building some ramps lay
down boys yeah you know I am about to
send it actually guys and a little bit
of a flash-forward I think I know who
the culprit is I don't think we can this
pinpoint this like yes I do think it's
what we'll get into that in just a
second but guys I've really I'm gonna
send it yeah and Chad screw you because
you're the one that was supposed to
build this bro it's cold out he bailed
on us Tony bail and guys I don't know if
you could tell but California is like
literally on fire right now
look at this smoke coming off the
mountains there's like a forest fire
going down right now boys so I hope
everyone in California find safety I
know a lot of people are evacuating
their homes and I'm sending prayers to
the fire department the Los Angeles Fire
Department I've seen on the news and
it's like pretty crazy
it's dynamite December guys and there's
a lot of dynamite going down right now
he's speaking of dynamite and December
they both start with the D you know it
all starts with the D detectives and
also dick
however guys it is time to play
detective detective Paul detective
Roberts over here all right some people
had the audacity and keeping this house
but guys I found some secret you're
gonna want to see in the footage it's
all starting to make sense and we're
narrowing down our suspects we got a
29er on a 66 and a 44 blue 29 a Code Red
now before I reveal to you this one I
wanna see here today's iPhone winner
goes to Shayne Mulrooney guys from a
League City Shayne congratulations guys
it's dynamite December I'm giving away
an iPhone for every day this book all
you gotta do is join the strongest team
on YouTube smash that subscribe button
and turn on your post notifications and
comment done when you're done also let's
give it up for mr. Roberts over here
today is his 100th day of vlogging we go
zero to 100 real quick and I'm at like
400 something I'm getting old man are
you still dating your girlfriend yeah
nice anyways guys take a look at this
you're watching the vlog you're watching
the vlog you might not see any clues and
then we pause seven minutes 55 seconds
into the vlog there's a couple things
that we see Nick Crompton and the white
Tesla yeah not only do we see this white
Tesla but this white Tesla has its
lights and brakes on we're gonna dig
deeper here but I do know a youtuber who
has a white Tesla and his name is David
don't work you son of a baby
I'm not saying that you did it yet but
nobody drives a white Tesla how we
didn't realize this like I had to talk
to everyone and realize that this is
anybody's white Tesla and the fact that
you see there with the lights on and the
and the brakes on means that whoever's
Tesla was they had the key on them and
had to have been near it because when
you have your key and your Tesla and you
walk by the Tesla you're like
automatically turns on and like the
lights turn on detective Paul has a
Tesla now guys I just want to iterate
that when we find this person
we're gonna rip them off there Bobby I
thought we're just gonna keep him back
with ya I'll just do that yeah well can
I chop them like a crocodile chop chop
let's dig deeper guys I have a theory so
the lights are off now however at 8
minutes and 10 seconds into the vlog you
notice in the background there's these
boxes of toilet paper guys which we
later found and we didn't like really
put the two and two together so my
theory is that when someone came outside
I think I mean I'm guessing I think it
was Erica that came outside I'm guessing
that David and his posse of posse years
saw her and ran behind the house that
would turn the Tesla lights on and they
left it all the toilet paper there and
this also makes sense because I know
that David doesn't post videos every
single day and so I was kind of waiting
for a youtuber to put out a video but I
also like to said something that made me
realize that Erica could have been the
cobbler because she was also one that
told us the security guard said he's
seen him before
they did say him didn't they yeah yeah
so the next culprit mr. Logan Paul yeah
you all know what this guy looks like
they all belong ha ha ha here's why and
Logan I think is on the hook normally I
wouldn't have thought Logan was on the
hook however you'll notice who was at
our house Andy Andy Andy randomly comes
over at the end of the night to cook us
dinner dinner and get us all inside the
house distracted with friends and family
eating you know helping him cook blah
blah blah blah blah and he not only that
but he came from Logan's house have you
noticed that look and he was in lowens
vlog yesterday like fear love in the man
and then he comes over and is in my vlog
made us a home-cooked meal guys but the
plot thickens guys you'll notice that
when we came outside and he like
immediately left like he got in his car
and was like pissed off like yeah I know
that deep in my car and he left and then
lo and behold we go to Logan Paul's
Instagram story from last night and and
Andy's there
so Andy leaves the house after we get
tp'ed and then goes back to Logan's
house so maybe Andy was just the
distraction but why was there a white
test that's what I don't know is the
interest based off of like everything I
think it was David Brown especially cuz
Logan post every day so unless he's like
holding the foot a screw I don't think
we can this pinpoint this like yes I do
think it's Logan yes I do think it's
David primarily let's just TP both of
them I'm fine so uh David Logan the Jay
Paul are coming for you we're coming for
you bunch I'm in budget toilet paper
sorry yeah I got a confused this took it
to another level we were out there
cleaning for hours
however we were really warm while we are
cleaning that night because the new
winter line is just amazing it's just so
warm and fluffy and yeah and sexy like
look I look so sexy right now yeah but
guys thank you so much for watching
we're gonna we're gonna see if any more
clues pop up smash that subscribe button
gonna fan through that go back to that
Jay Paul join the strongest merch team
on the Shh slippin Internet and I will
see you all tomorrow hopefully TP in
some things because it's everyday bro
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is going to give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text check Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
