good morning Jake ballers
last week he tried to pancake on my face
and yesterday as you guys know he pulled
us in the bouncy house oh here's the
plan
he's sleeping on the beat us strong
we're gonna pick it up prettier the time
this room
the other spouses do it
Felicia in games maybe we should stop
let there be cake sucker revenge
so much better than I thought I was
gonna hear didn't wake up to that it
would have been fine okay okay I think
that's the start of a prank war guys so
I guess I have a prank war now with Chad
Erica
Anthony and Nick and I still have a
prank war with Logan guys good morning I
don't know if you guys already in
trouble good morning Jake ballers if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
are the Jake polish this is the team ten
what's your vlog belt on because it is
another crazy day here and we're about
to do this for fun you let it go
today's our day off to a great start my
boy but guys there's two people sleeping
in the house me and Jen's these fools
already got me and now it's time to get
chance guys like I said it is dynamite
December which means it's a whole month
of litmus and Christmas fun madness
boxes of figs know that we were going to
take two chances room right now and
don't pawn them it's going down I'm
yelling timber
good
this is really bad please would you put
it back in the bounce-off that's what
I'm saying oh and I'll drag you down the
hill again don't worry about a chance
we'll just make a video about this and
leave
every time chance wakes not from a prank
he immediately just goes headfirst out
whoever's there what we even do it's
literally everywhere you guys are you
that is probably the dumbest thing that
we have ever done in our lives so right
now we are going to the store to buy a
ton of vacuums we also needed like a ton
of other stuff guys and also we're gonna
buy some wood to build a giant dirtbike
jump it's dynamite December we're buying
the whole entire store we got vacuums we
got leaf blowers we're gonna make a full
cleanup of chances room sorry about that
and we got a ton of wood
to build the dirt bike ramp because I'm
just gonna send like I said it's
dynamite December probably gonna crash
and die attention all shoppers attention
all shoppers
I am currently buying the whole store
and you can too at the Android code
backslash Jake fall new winter
collection is now available and this guy
to my right has a really nice set of
hair he's really sexy thank you shopping
crying okay handyman Paul where all your
measuring stuff pulling dirt bike jumps
guys we're still learning how to skate
the gold yes whose dog is that anyways
guys the goal is to go off of this dirt
bike jump flying in the air and land
somewhere over here and not die and guys
you probably can't tell but it is
extremely windy this is the coldest it's
been all year in California Bob the
statute
mother send it guys but don't forget
it's down on my December which means I'm
giving away one iPhone every single day
of the mother look at all these iPhone
and today's iPhone goes to Martin Perez
from Oxford Martin thank you so much for
subscribing and turn to my post
notifications on guys if you want an
iPhone subscribe turn on my post
notifications it's dynamite December in
New York we're gonna see you this
weekend however guys it's time to do
some big business you know how it is
right manager care yeah
shake and bake baby hashtag America
hashtag dreams come true hashtag my
teacher said I would never make it now I
did
hashtag side of my December hashtag
hashtag Andy
and he made us a home-cooked meal guys
gentlemen I'm actually kind of mad at
you because you haven't bro you're
supposed to finish the dirt bike ran bro
what are you doing this place it's cold
out there bro you don't want me to make
a video about your Levi's in the
building Justin no longer fresh
oh we got tp'ed I think this this is
payback you know what I'm talking about
bro I haven't he beat someone since I
was like 15 exactly they found us
actually what the where's security this
is seriously none of y'all I thought it
was you guys that like I'm sorry this is
a you thing bro thing hey bullshit
othello this has low and blow written
all over it
pick up Bob Oh
oh honey I just spoke to the security it
was an entry on film I don't know if
that's a good or bad thing it was an
inside job you just tell me they know
who the person is and they've been like
paid off he's not telling me but it's
someone we know which is why I let them
in he thinks it's funny bro let Logan
incas is your brother or he might
thought it was just you I don't own car
so him and Logan are plotting it oh who
was it Alex
they got the team ten Bantu and Chad
still hasn't finished this dirt bike
ramp either but I think it's such an
easy thing to target Logan on this it
could be anybody shoot first ask
questions later
no but no no no who was it I think it
was Logan which youtuber is trying to
die
Logan if this is you bro i'ma get you
back and I'm not joking I'm gonna punch
you like a like um like a um yeah yeah
like uh like that yeah I'm gonna tell
him here a second punch you like a UH
like an alligator
stop this is how I get to the bottom of
district Polar's how do we know it was a
youtuber that's someone in the house Oh
seriously though who was this guys I'm
gonna get to the bottom of this smashing
subscribe button guys for a chance to
win an iPhone and turn on your post
notifications bro actually though like
they got everything
whoever did this we're gonna come at you
like an alligator I think the cameras
broken - Nathan you're fired bro that's
the hosel I need Nathan Apollo hey give
me my hat back
and I will see you guys tomorrow maybe
it was an update we're gonna check our
security cameras I'm gonna talk to the
security and I'll see you tomorrow
because every day brought peace fine
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
