but guys over the past few days I'm sure
you've seen the stuff going around about
Jake Paul pain Gucci Mane put your vlog
belt on Jake Paul this is about to go
down I call this one the bouncy house
tow death prank right now we have a rope
attached to my truck and attached all
the way up to the bouncy house I'm gonna
get as many people as I can intend to
come bounce with me in at the bounce
house for the intro of my vlog little do
they know that this rope is attached to
the bounce house and they're gonna have
to go through a garden then through some
cinder blocks then off of another
four-foot ledge now this may be evil but
it's gonna be damn funny if you're new
here I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's this is the team 10 house and
it is lit every single day brah and you
already know that it is dynamite
December guys you guys are with me in
this whole month of December for not
Christmas but miss miss miss as you guys
know yesterday we got a skate ramp
installed in our front yard
hashtag keep 10 skate park bro and I
have no idea how to skate but guys I am
going to learn here's me eating but you
know me I don't take out so I had to get
back and start to get better
I'm getting there son that's what this
channel is about that's what we're all
about here's positivity and you guys are
along for this journey put your vlog
belts on getting better every day if
there's a challenge push yourself
outside of your comfort zone and just
straight-up conquer the world
dude like let's conquer the world
together you know name me bro
but per usual we do have a lot going
down today everyone's at the skate ramp
right now and it's time to go prank them
let's go and look at them guys can you
help us with this intro to the vlog oh
you know that Andy's been coming here
every night to use our Wi-Fi cuz Logan's
is so terrible you are you recording
your record this yeah I know Andy's woke
me up like my intro on the in this
button the bouncy house I said up the
bouncy house back there where's Jeff we
just called Chad and he's coming back to
me this year they have no idea but yo
look at the floor it's still stained
blue from the porta potty break look at
that look at it and now is the time to
shameless plug winter line of March now
available look how fluffy it is look it
up it is during the strongest team on
YouTube rep the merch fans when I come
back /g I'll always plug you know what
I'm sayin joint Yas
good morning dick about the house no
breakdown that was not like I said guys
it is dynamite December and it's going
down today I'm believing Jake balls team
ten from making it fun to have now but
you guys know me
Ohio bread corn fed and now if you're
not first say it every day you're last
I want to see how fast I can make it up
this hill in this truck
or flower now we are at the pop-up shop
guys there's a ton of colors here I love
y'all so much time with my boy oh my
man's here vlogs every single day this
is an inspiration to me tell him your
story tell the story
tell the story had a klaxon when I was
in here in eight months which put me in
a watcher they gotta hit us at a seizure
while driving in smog to the emergency
and he launched to chill in the freeway
and he hit our vehicle but I still I
pretty much grew up with it stuff I
never gave up watching je crois really
motivates me bro ever always on my
youtube channel is life handicap yo hey
my guy like roll yeah yeah smash this is
why we do this everyday it's like
getting better every day be grateful for
what you have and like my guy came all
the way out here to the pop-up shop I
love y'all it's about getting better
every day bro do you know what I mean
yeah I was gonna get - you got really
snow waiting yeah my boys out here we're
matching yo the pop-up shop is lit I
still can't get over the fact how many
like old people down the hill in the
bouncy house today sorry about that bro
currently on the roof of West Coast
Customs as the pop-up is going great
Elmo thank you Tony I almost killed my
best friends this morning the Jake Paula
showed up we got some inspiration guys
the Jake callers once again showed out
today and we're about to film something
on a 360 camera guy so u2 has this
feature where we can do a 360 camera
where you can see like everything all
around us we're about to do it right now
we're on the 360 camera now this is so
weird because like you could see
everything like I don't even have yeah
they can see you over there
what Tony I don't know I don't even have
to move the camera which is why this
that's what I'm saying it's so weird
watch say what's up Jake ballers
I believe that the moon
coal's 360 everything's in frame whoa it
streams in 4k 360
no but it's crazy because you could see
everything like you're looking at me
right now but also manage your calves
right there guys it's actually hilarious
so like low-key because manager cab at
these meetups is getting famous yo yeah
they could see you
but manager cabs getting famous so like
he comes here and he's trying to do
business but everyone's just asking him
for autographs
you're looking at me you're looking at
Tony you're looking at me you're looking
at Kate you're looking at me you're
looking at Nathan vlogging me and then
we say what's up back to the Jay Paul no
but I have so much fun with this 360
camera I'm gonna become the first-ever
360 vlogger where everything's in camera
Hyundai why'd you wake me up last night
but been singing bro like I was trying
to sleep and II only what Eva meant they
are over there Bob a Lamborghini 900
horsepower is coming soon this is a
lucky young in guys and speaking of
lucky we had a little bit of luck this
weekend because I know my Dylan came in
during dynamite December and he saved a
day and now we're just showing a little
roof they're buying merchandise we're
hanging out we're taking pictures it's
super fun New York next weekend Andy's
got a lucky onion Sunday I just wanna
say thank you Dylan and your smart fire
hair yeah something New York goes wrong
worse we're literally I remember last
time we had a roof bro
but now we're on the roofing and your
hero not all heroes wear capes guys wear
my pizza man shows up to the door Mike
your hero bro Jake Pollard's life is
full of curve balls or curve onions you
know I mean sometimes that song is just
sorry sometimes the onions just hit you
right in the face just like the go we're
gonna find it Jeff you lose a GoPro you
need a dandy Andy Andy to find it for
you and sometimes when your pop-up shop
gets cancelled you need a Savior to tell
me get you that's what life's about
daddy that about vlog it's not about
school it's not about followers it's not
about GoPros although I did send it
pretty hard it's about your family your
friends guys are having fun while you
can that is the key you would genius
agent Callen I love you another one Andy
has become famous though like everyone
says and they
oh that makes me so happy
hey that's gnarly right I remember when
we first met you said not to jump into
Venice canal do not go into the water it
is like like the most disgusting nasty
that's in there and then I jumped into
the Venice canal
goodbye senior onion I love you Oh
bouncy house to break damn guys what is
up going down what is popping dynamite
December
it's a litmus today Thank You India okay
now guys it is time to get serious
but guys over the past few days I'm sure
you've seen the stuff lying around about
Jake Paul pain Gucci Mane to do a
feature on its everyday bro every mix
first thing I want to say I think it's
funny uh because people just believe
everything they hear and there's so much
like fake news and correct drama online
we talk about it a lot guys but it is a
real thing people make stuff up I'm a
day to day basis because it gets views
it's good clickbait you want to make
stuff up just to make stuff up I'm sure
people make up rumors about you or
whatever it is so I'm sure you can
relate
however guys there's a lot of like
politics and things behind the scenes
that you guys will never ever ever see
so you have no idea like how Gucci and I
even know each other you have no idea
how we even met up or you know when he
heard the beat to the song or and you
don't also don't know why he did the
song I tweeted it out the other day but
like there's so many reasons on why
Gucci could have done the song and I
just listed them out I said like is his
daughter a fan or did I pay Gucci is his
rate lower there's Atlantic Records want
to assign me Gucci and I have known each
other for a really long time I just
never have even blogged with them you
guys before I just wanna pop Dave yeah
or just wanted a pop tag I mean like
people won't act above and partially
because I didn't have a title of
thumbnail mainly for actually that's the
main reason why I'm doing this video not
to clear things up because I honestly I
could care less if people are making
stuff up about me however I'm a lawyer
so guys here is the truth however it is
dynamite December so I'm giving away an
iPhone for every day of the month guys
all you have to do is smash that
enjoy this Jake colors and turn my post
notifications on yeah the first iPhone
winner is Celine Baker from Omaha and
another winner guys goes to Mary
serenella from Blackwell the Middlebury
guys like I said all you have to do is
subscribe and turn the post
notifications on time for the truth guys
the reason why gucci mane did the song
is because his daughter is a huge fan
and it knows the original version of the
song like that and sings it all the time
and so like when my team contacted his
team you know we do big business are you
joking friends but i'll go back to this
jake ball it's a new winter collection
like it's big business things and so my
team called his team and then my teams
and our teams went like this and then we
was like their cousin hit him up and
they said to hell no and then the nick
dropped in with the yeah people no they
called each other and then i think at
some point to someone toed a bouncy
house off of off of a hills but guys i
know a lot of your fellow dodo jake you
learn the point i'm trying to make is
Gucci's daughter is a fan don't believe
me just watch what are you talking to
tell him i look girl she's a huge fan of
yours
so his daughter was the one that said
yeah i mean you said it hurt you can
barely hear it at the end of the video
but he's like should we do a races she
goes yeah that's how and where it came
from and obviously i think a lot of like
internet people don't understand or the
ones who i like her I don't understand
that I actually get 300 million views a
month on YouTube Gucci Mane probably
gets like 15 million and so I actually
do have a huge audience to to bring over
to him every day that says big day it's
actually smart for Gucci guys and that's
are also partially a reason why he did
it to expand his fan base to a different
audience which if you guys were real
Gucci Mane fans he would realize that he
was being do you realize that he was
being smart and strategical so and guys
even if I did have to pay him two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars
you know I I got it like that I mean I
already made that back from the song so
like even if I did in Zulu chief guys
joined the strongest team on YouTube app
yourself so my hottest march in the game
it really is not a smart game I mean
even Annie knows he hangs out with Logan
all the time I mean though he is my only
competitor I love you loving you have
nice nipples but my March is better
Fandral go back to this Jake Paul and
I'll see you tomorrow kids every day bro
peace bye
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to hexed
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
