I don't even know how to skate but like
I'm gonna learn and this is dope when I
was a little kid all I ever wanted was a
skateboard ramp in my friend yard and
Jake Paul said you guys are the Jake
polish it every single day bro but
actually guys use what's about to go
down we are building a team at Ana skate
park in or yard right now and look at
all this wood guys we're gonna turn this
wood into a skate park
so put your blog belts on guys because
it is about to go down like I said you
are now a Jake polar and you are now a
part of this journey guys the only
problem is this trees gotta go because
this skatepark is going like right here
guys like team Ken Mansion skatepark and
also guys these giant rocks are
completely in the way so that got to go
completely wrong
never tree fall on our house or this
could be completely successful guys
we're from Ohio and like I said like I
said it's a day of Ohio so it could go
completely right yeah yeah I'm gonna
take my winch
I'm gonna take my chainsaw I'm gonna put
a v cut in the back of this tree and
then it's gonna go to moon boom trust me
I know a lot about trees falling down
it's going down
Oh
all right guys keep sense Kate barking
three two one is going down I'm yelling
timber yeah operation that team ten
skate park begins guys but let me get
you caught up to speed because it all
started last night when Chad was like
y'all lose your boom escape work you
know your let's go buy a skateboard go
whose idea was this I'm buying like the
best skateboard in the game apparently
and I don't even know how to skateboard
Tony Hawk we're literally all buying our
and then we figured out that we wanted
to put the skate park right here and so
the tree was in the way and so we had to
go to the store and get a chainsaw whoa
I'm gonna get me an 18-inch I like that
you you we're gonna cut down a tree yeah
I'm talking chainsaws and I'm talking no
bras sorry manager kids don't work are
we doing man what are we doing guys this
morning uh Apollo had a little bit of an
incident roll the clip oh my god you're
gonna have that immature in front of
your wife Wow dude Wow
this is on st. Matthew
I don't know anything about chainsaw but
I do know that it's not how it's done
the trees down now we gotta excavate the
tree and if you don't know what excavate
mean in other words that means get rid
of Tony Hawk Wow
well Jake you sure don't know how to
take care of her yard Tony Hawk this is
what I call an Ohio day dynamite
December it's going down I'm yelling
timber take the chainsaw still on the
damn tree bully
and this is how you park chucks in a hop
if you're not first you're last
now this makes me happy Tony our
operation cheap tent skatepark is going
so good guys I'm yelling tea mine
Oh
sweep you off your feet bro I'm freaking
out bro dynamite December doing it big
off to a great start
who has this look at the photo
opportunities what test photo no you
came with Chris oh my gosh I hate Donuts
this morning but that was a different
kind of doughnut get yourself some sauce
yeah you were boss or see that's how
we're living come around town you'll
find me sitting your pretty girl with no
care no problem in the world not even
her hair I think I found what I finally
need guys as you all know in yesterday's
vlog the pop-up shop got shut down I'm
still pushed however my friends came to
the rescue once again as you guys saw in
yesterday's video
dynamite Dylan was able to save the day
and now the pop-up shop is happening to
date in a couple of minutes right here
on this vlog it is about to be so don't
we waited so long and it is finally
arrived Tony are they this is my guy
yeah bro let's do it
hail it hail it hail it but I can't wait
to show you guys this pop-up shop and
guys it's Saturday Saturday's are for
the boys we still have to skate they're
still building the ramp back at the
house but you know we had to pick up
some Mickey D because you simply can't
skate without a McGriddle did I even pay
me it's just like it's just a thing bro
skate and pancakes skate pancakes skate
pancakes it's the same thing no yeah I
talked to him we're slinking biobands
when I go back let's take ball
winter collection available we didn't
even order a fry and they gave us an
extra fry Timothy boy
he gave me a skateboard my piece broke
on the latch on Tony Hawk and all of a
sudden randomly were driving fast with a
bunch of supercars guys Saturday's are
for the boys look at this you never know
when you're gonna hey hey wait till I
get my 900 horsepower screw you guys put
it in the last piece right now I don't
even know how to skate but like I'm
gonna learn if this is dope when I was a
kid all I ever wanted was my yard and
Jay Paul Ted guess what I got you fail
oh don't cry Jay has been all emotional
I guess us bro Tony Hawk's percentage
tutors down the hill to jumping into
bouncy houses off of the third floor
to ride in skate ramps in the front of
the team ten house guys chad flippin
point do I really feel like I'm gonna
bust my ass though like yep that's
probably gonna be me yo this is it I got
my Batman skateboard I'm gonna be like
Tony Hawk Cody on my boy Donny putting
in the last nail for it no matter what I
doubt I'm Tony Hawk
no nihongo a park is lit guys it's just
the start of the team ten scape y'all
that's time for a pop-up hi guys were
here thanks for everyone
oh my gosh
we wanted to spice things up a little
turn up this is about me so don't I'm
gonna try and meet everyone guys right
now cuz you're amazing seriously hear me
okay so we're meeting fans go blue go
blue yeah you lost four years in a row
anyways Nathan I need you to run the
whole entire line right now with the
camera all the Jake ballers are out
there right now you got to go run down
the line bro cuz I want every Jake
parlor that came out here to be in the
vlog it's your job otherwise you're
fired
he's coming for you Jake ballers you
little cutie all right here we go guys
all right that's good all right guys to
be honest that wasn't as bad as I
thought but Jake I still hate you
because I was very risky but I made it
I'm good guys this is the inside of the
shop right now there's so many like
different activations and stuff there's
like a whole Instagram boom and like
look at all these merch boxes yo Ben and
I are matching right now guys the pop-up
shops going to amazing we're meeting the
ton of Jake Pollard's I'm here with
testing is testing is testing the real
the real friendship no I didn't cuss
that's dolphin noises it's all dolphin
noise is testing real is this the
clinton thumbnail no my thumbnail is
HESA everyone's saying that you're
leaving - ken are you leaving team ten
okay great I'll raise test in real
though yeah we just said it was a real
friendship no bro do y'all oh yeah yeah
what did you think oh she's got a dirty
mind no you're not leaving team 10
you're kicked off this game time how do
you feel about that and I'm taking this
Javan C purse
same thing I'm French holy shock Paul is
your father's house I mean big to spec
so testing is real the real pressure
yeah I know how that one goes
cuz it's like Jarek is a friendship too
be sure what Sedaris lee and it was it
was his idea
another wake up prank really really
there's so much t hey guys you heard the
go here yes
this is Erica oh hey sup we've got the
lights don't worry I got it yeah the
lights can be on route school yeah what
accept me for who I am
if they start making goat noises bad
sign
I'm being the cashier I got you guys's
March you know my teacher always said
I'd be a cashier yeah you were right
miss mark
look at all the March look at in
and they and they okay kids need you
okay y'all so like the lady with the
mystic smile need you it's every day bro
it's every day we do every other Tony
heart
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
