they're saying this building even though
they proved it last night they're not
permitting people to come in what is
going down what does a Popeye's there's
only not that would be today is the day
it has finally come guys it is also time
for funeral killer hype man Tony in the
building as you guys know yesterday I
killed Bobby
rest in peace Bobby rest in peace vine
rest in peace my grandma she's super
dead super dick Bobby means a lot to me
he really does he really really does
almost as much as Jerrica we get Apollo
and Athena look at this hashtag oh they
don't have a ship name yet Salo but guys
Bobby's dead correct and you have to
send them to heaven it's just the only
thing that we can do that that seems
logical so so if you excuse me I'm gonna
go 7 11 o'clock Wednesday thank you for
giving us content we also want to say
thank you for giving us one hell of a
ride one ride
rest in peace Bobby mr. B in three two
one
Bobby
oh my god it's like a mom
rest in peace Bobby rusted piece behind
her face and more importantly rest in
peace my grandma she's super my
grandma's not even dead I mean she is
really old here you go oh I was just
here for safety I know you like
challenges I know you like to do crazy
stuff we tried to hit 100 miles per hour
in our driveway they did not not did not
new go so well we have to redeem
ourselves Chad and you might be the only
one capable enough slash stupid enough
listen up boy we might not be able to
hit a hundred miles per hour in our damn
near driveway but the hill that we live
on is steep enough potentially to hit a
hundred miles per hour on a scooter I'm
legit gonna die well I mean you already
got hit in the head with the orange you
can't really go be next to Bobby
instead of Bobby flying off the patio
it'll be like Chad head flying by so
you're down yeah you're about to witness
Chad trying to hit a hundred miles per
hour down one of the steepest hills that
I've ever seen in my life it can't be
worse than abortive body
I'd like to thank my sponsors muscle
milk for allowing me to throw that far
you know how we call this one a search
and rescue you gotta get Bobby Tony
anywho it is time for my boy Chad here
he is going to hit 100 miles per hour
going down one of the steepest hills
that I've ever seen in my life okay I
want to go fast come on but guys welcome
to my life if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul you guys are the Jay Paul is this
is the team ten house and it is lit
every single day and also welcome back
to another day of dynamite December it's
going down all month
bro we're legitimately already
destroying December our new Christmas
album out I don't know if you guys have
listened to it yet or seen the music
video that got posted yesterday new
winter line of merch collection which my
girl Sunday like actually though this is
some of the hottest perch in the game
guys if you haven't already gotten part
of the winter collection fans Ratko
backslash Jake Paul did Jake Pollard's
they sell out all the time so you got to
go you got to go now for real it's like
what do you do when all you month sells
out however I do think Chad needs a
little bit of extra protection and they
say you're mean well this is gonna go
good and since it is dynamite December
you already know that I'm giving away an
iPhone every single day during every day
bro during the month of December the
first one is going to Florence
Thomas from Agoura Hills Ford's new one
congratulations all y'all got to do is
subscribe and turn on my poster vacation
that's my man Tony
so guys you could be next hahaha it's a
dynamite December dynamite I'll put one
at the bottom of the hill and I do want
to thank our sponsor T Fox signature
brand scooter tanner you have a hot
girlfriend you have a fast car and you
have amazing scooters thank you
okay Chad I think you got it I'll go
canes down there and you really can't
see how steep this is but but you also
be able to see when he makes it to the
bottom or Falls sometimes in life you
want to go fast
right sometimes you want to go slow keep
wanting to go fast baby that's what I'm
talking about it's about getting better
every single day bro ready and go Oh yo
you know it's fast oh my gosh oh my God
give me out here did you just take out a
tree bro I think you blow out a
sprinkler head
dynamite December oh you definitely took
out a sprinkler head with your bus this
way if I pull these down you can see it
dude
oh my gosh making my mom proud I love
you mom thanks for walking today pause
wise I appreciate it you did raise the
fool but I'm sorry I still love you
well folks do you heard it here first
I'm your host Jake Paul and that has
been another gnarly moment on Jake Paul
vlogs yo my boy chad is a beast like we
need a round of applause but all the
crazy stuff the Chad does on this vlog
channel on a day-to-day basis check you
love you party people y'all I ain't even
caught up the speed you last night guys
I probably haven't seen chance in the
vlogs in a while cuz all he is doing is
playing video games and can be pissed at
them when he loses oh oh my bro it's the
game bro chance we miss you buddy but
Tessa doesn't and continuing on our
littmus spree today is the day of the
pop-up shop guys so it's about to get
mad crazy in this vlog in a second but
first I wanted to give you guys a couple
of house updates there's so much going
down at this house hey guys your
Christmas presents
Christmas presents
I know it's lit everyday you guys I'm
trying to give you a house update smoke
my natural blonde choch this just wants
to take down shoot you want to take down
the tree
Chris
like I said and I'll say it one more
time I want to go fast thank you to
Domino's for making this possible and
it's a Miss this is what Olympus looks
like oh sháá to do was give you guys
some updates on the house and then I am
never adding the Christmas tree down
okay
update time guys the giant fish tank is
still coming in we're building a giant
platform as a pet correct yeah it's
gonna be dope platform thinking about
making Apollo the same thing but a
miniature version yeah
we're building a giant studio to film
stuff in this room
the jellyfish tank is coming I'm gonna
pass a jellyfish you're definitely not
gonna touch the jelly I want to touch
the jellyfish the gym equipment is
coming in a couple of days and Armani
and his team are gonna paint once again
this ceiling boy yo Apollo and Athena
they took a piss on the floor man really
guys come on
the Lamborghini is getting supercharged
guys 900 horsepower I love horses horses
horses horses horses horses horses but
Smurf fire is gonna be and apparently
Armani Armani hi man Tony so you want to
go fast I want to go fast bro you want
to go fast baby we got to go from the
top of the roof we're doing a water
slide into the pool can you see the pool
Nathan broke I'm gonna put a water slide
right here and as you can see Bobby's
leg is still in the pool from earlier
guys rest in peace Bobby
rest in peace behind rest abuse my super
dead grandma my grandma's not even dead
and they're making us make people leave
I'm signing in Saturday and Sunday yawn
we're gonna make everyone in line taken
care of they're saying this building
even though they proved it last night
they're not for many people to come in
totally organized no my wife I just
wanted to have a pop-up shop they shut
down my pop-up shop man I mean you're
still gonna have a jellyfish tank in a
waterslide button I want the proper
waterslide
jellyfish amazing better what do we do
Armani
yeah I really think we should go find it
somewhere else right now to move it or
figure it out we could eat Chipotle
three hours later
okay so guys Jake is inside right now
making calls he's like been super upset
all day like serious we are also trying
to figure out stuff to do as best
friends right it's just like what else
no no no but we did figure out what
exactly this is where I'm headed
this is why we took the block and we
kind of didn't figure it out because it
was actually it was your boys idea time
to my Dylan he said I have an idea just
like that so Jake's inside right now
making calls on the couch like he's
stressed my boy is hurt right now and
we're about to walk in and be like he's
put so much time into this - so dynamite
zonas gonna unveil the end of my Dylan's
plan I just said dynamite Dylan one too
many times but his plan is to have it at
the shop cost do you dynamite Dylan I
got a crash cart
okay the best part is it's already
happening tomorrow yeah
it's already done cars are going
everything we're all set dynamite Dylan
has to go in and you have to come in
there pop in play the news well I'm
gonna ask you a question what am i doing
if your name is on my Dylan why do you
shoot confetti shouldn't be confetti
Dylan shop or get out of here dude let's
go tell Joey do we have this result for
yourself listen just listen not am i
doing
all right Jake we thought about it hours
and hours on it and we finally I came up
with the solution we do it at West Coast
Customs not only do we do it there it's
being done there it's done it it's
already tomorrow set up the merchants
are you know everybody can go and
everything's done Kat knows everyone
knows whole squad knows how are you I'm
talking jars
dynomite December I feel like a dolphin
just swimming around when I was like so
upset I called my mom like that was my
last resort you know when you call your
mom that's the last resort jump on a
Christmas tree you don't know how
devastated I was Jake polish apparently
this Papa shops still happening tomorrow
/ today for your show if you live in Los
Angeles that come now I'm now West Coast
Customs you know where to and this is
the address Boop screenshot that gum Los
Angeles I guess like I said though this
makes me want to jump onto the
guys the scripts I show you that like
sometimes when you get like some of the
worst news of your life or if you're
devastated or super emotional about
things your friends they lift you up and
not to get emotional but guys like you
can't conquer the world by yourself and
that's why we have team ten and other
people around us like to grow off of and
and to help us live our lives respect
your parents respect your teachers guys
like they're there to help you get
better every day
brah and thank you guys so much for
watching join the strongest team on
YouTube smash that subscribe button term
I post notifications on and you could
win an iPhone and copy yourself the new
winter line and I will see you tomorrow
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
