wake up buddy are you picking up what
I'm putting down
no bro I swear Jay Paul is like no joke
huh
good morning Jake bothers another day
I've done some dumb things in my life I
doubt I think this one that I'm about to
do is gonna stack up amongst the dumbest
party people put your vlog belt on
because it's about to go down now you're
probably wondering well here's the thing
I've always wanted to be a disc jockey
guys and if you don't know what this
truck is it's the I know they should
know I know Apollo this you know and
this shocky is someone who like races
and like jumps horses have to ride off I
don't know why I've always wanted to be
one but today is my day
and guys buy dis Chucky I met horse
jockey you know I'm just a blonde Josh
but once again I've always wanted to be
a horse jockey and like I said today is
my day Justin yeah come help me carry
this all right okay we'll be right back
I know you gotta just do it I'm gonna be
a horse jockey bro I'm calling this one
the skateboard plywood horse jockey
stair jump and I got my two helpers here
mr. Justin Roberts and mrs. Erica
Costello has to a couple doha however
good morning Jay Pollux what is goatee
bro if you're new here I'm Jay Paul you
guys are the Jake polish yeah they're
strongest team on you're too fast this
is the team that house and it is lit
every single day well sup what's your
blog belt sign
you guys it just became Jay collars
you're along for this journey today is
about to be awesome there's so much
going down and uh first things first I'm
just gonna stand I'm just gonna call
Miguel he does this because it's all
about the mouth guy
good Tokyo 2020 Olympics that I covered
for you here's the Olympics I'm gonna so
I must send it off of these stairs guys
and I just need to get you caught up to
speed first because you're probably
wondering how I even got this horse
where did this horse come from and now
some other things happen this morning so
let me tell you this morning we
introduced a new member to team ten as
you guys saw in yesterday's video
there's a new member
everybody to introduce you guys to the
newest member of team 10 we don't have a
name yet heard of double the poop but
double the views you always still need
to find a name for that cute little
puppy but Apollo has a wife now yo and
now you're probably wondering Jake where
did you get this horse and so now I have
to show you how I got this horse and now
we also rob the store
roll the clip I'm freaking out right now
guys the Jaypee merch store just dropped
its all-new winter line I currently have
on one entire outfit from the new JP
line but yo it's selling like hotcakes
so we got to rob the store for the rest
of it that's
just messing around guys before you we
just dropped an all-new exclusive winter
lime guys this is like easily the dopest
merchandise we've ever made in our lives
guys and that's why I'm freaking out
this stuff is like designer look at me
bro look at me right now I got a logger
team ten look at this
I literally have my own kangaroo pouch
look at that guy's what other
merchandise can you get a kangaroo pouch
a butt and I know a lot of you guys live
in cold weather places until we created
this full-on winter jacket guys like
it's just absolutely fired and if that
wasn't good enough for you guys you had
to get a little fluffy look at this
fluffiness it's like metal this one's
called the cotton candy sweatshirt guys
like it is don't so we got the winter
jacket the cotton candy sweatshirt the
full-on like tracksuit like you can even
see the back of this thing yet it's
absolutely like tells the story there's
no arm so let me tell you this story for
you guys basically this sweater has
helicopter trampoline on it you guys
remember when we did that
then of course we had to put some more
fire on it because it's 900 horsepower
and you know we love horses so I'm not
saying you're worthless you're just one
horsepower
I want 900 and then you come to the back
where you see the team ten mansion and
then guys I don't know if you remember
this bike this is from the time that I
rode my bike on the red carpet because
you know it's lit and of course you got
the vlog camera the Jaypee logo oh and
this isn't even all of the items guys
this is just like our favorite ones I
don't even know which one is my favorite
amour it used to be the status retro for
now like this is all absolute fire and
you guys know how the Jake collars up
bro don't snap it just dude you guys are
gonna be going right now to Phandroid
echo backslash Shake Paul and I know all
of this stuff is about to sell out I'm
telling you what my horses freaking out
right now
bring them in you guys remember the
other day when we got these horses I
like the black oh that's some furniture
guys these are gonna be horse again so
we have mannequins in the merch store
but no one's ever had a horse again big
business deals this is what we needed
guys why are you hanging out with your
new body huh yeah there you go good boy
I love this horse so we should name it
late after the horse from yesterday like
they look exactly alike I don't think
I'm wrong and they came just in time to
rep the new winter line of merch guy
come here lace you beautiful species you
Hey
where's some scissors Oh
gotta love my girl lace ah but now it's
time to ride which we call them I like
Bobby this is the moment of truth
thank you I know I'm happy this is
probably a really stupid thing to do for
sure definitely is but guys know who
else is doing something really stupid
right now is my boy and a whoa Amy what
the fuck doing your what apparently
right now guys Andy Andy is gonna try
and find the GoPro that I lost the other
day Andy because if you remember I lost
my GoPro when I jumped off of the roof
of Mackenzie's house in Seattle so my
boy Andy I'm a I'm a I'm a it's gonna
try and recover it guys I'm gonna come
back to you with an update we'll be
right back
who knows it and he's gonna find the
GoPro it's dumb girl like that water's
freezing but you know I think this is
probably even dumber so Bobby love
Sunday all right three
I nailed it oh I definitely broke my ass
Bobby Bobby Bobby Bobby man
Oh God Bobby's dead super dead just like
my grandma I've always wanted to be a
disc jockey slash horse jockey slash
idiot not the bear not the bear I'm
bleeding
oh my god wait we didn't kiss it I have
Hello Kitty band-aids you have Hello
Kitty band-aids no you don't actually
you have Hello Kitty band-aids
couple go I've only had to vlog injuries
in my life first one was when chances
girlfriend attacked me why are you
bleeding I'm bleeding because I rode a
giant horse off of my steps
oh I don't know it's doper the Hello
Kitty band-aid over the new merch that's
available now fans were not called back
slash jag fall/winter like Depp Oh
even though you killed mr. bear bear
you're still a good dog I think we have
two options here I think we have to have
a funeral for Bobby or we just tried I
don't know I think he needs a funeral to
be honest but in the meantime Andy Andy
it's based I me me yo if he has the
GoPro I'm gonna freak out what do you
have on now old Andy I told you all
right buddy you got it pig's Bobby back
up and I think he's gonna be good to
live another day because this good side
like everyone has a good side you know
he doesn't have a good set down just
enough I mean I had so many good
memories together
anyways Bobby's dead but yo look who's
back
yo what did you guys get some bad stuff
mean everything you need for a dog she's
so cute
what happened to Bobby a couple things
yeah heads off I thought it just uh it
just got here today yeah I don't I
didn't see what I don't know what
happened
however guys we did figure out a new
purpose for Bobby here instead of the
headless horseman he can just be the
headless horse how dope is that a
headless horse without the men someone
no guys I know judging by the title and
thumbnail I said to tell you about the
team ten member that is pregnant what we
fully believe that she is pregnant but
in the meantime we got today
so we collectively wrote down a bunch of
names here that we think she should be
named we're gonna put them putting the
names into this fan joy comeback sauce
Jake Paul hat guys winter collection now
available we're putting the names in
there shameless plug dad here are the
names or J Athena butter cakes she does
look like a butter cake Jake Rita Daisy
Daisy she does look like a daisy look
like a daisy
Jake and last but not least Nike Nike is
like the goddess of victory with yeah
believe it or not
is a female named Andy Andy Andy do you
want to do the honors bro it is your dog
after all the team ten puppies new name
is welcome to the family Apollo me
Athena okay so we're gonna talk about
this pregnancy thing but guys you want
to even caught up fully to speed yet
some more dope this happened this
morning roll the clip
y'all what is going on by the people
here and today we shall be and standees
art studio we mojo so that so that be it
it won't know I'm a painter for friends
and if you don't know who shall be in
Sandia they are painters from Los
Angeles and we are here today to finish
up the artwork for the pop-up shop that
is happening tomorrow they're short
pogos have you know this there is a big
version of the internet celebrity the
Jake poo he is big douche bag my good
painter friends shall be in standing
over here they had painted this an
enlarged version of this intimate
douchebag the chick Paul Jake pool is
really coalesced as a vlogger
and we also painted a carnival sort of
arrangement before his douchebag friends
team these now friends intern Jacques
Paul here is going to finish off the
painting of douchebag Jack pole in the
middle actually Jake Pollard's I'm
nervous I've never painted anything my
life and this is going into pop-up shops
in LA and in New York yeah it's right
there see it go there la New York gonna
be there call where'd you go Pulis it is
all about the stroke you know the stroke
you just gotta get in there Bonjour mama
mia take Paul Internet douche bag in my
pink camo merchandise he looks so
innocent but really douche bag this is
douche bags giant blog camera where he
neighborhood with the antics and the
video shop in Sandy thank you for having
me as an intern today I go to friends
now I'm sorry Nathan dude but seriously
guys this pop-up is gonna be late hold
on pop-up shop is about to breathe Wow
so much is going down today and I try to
check back in with Andy I think back you
it this is my height man Tony hey but I
think Andy's actually dead I tried to
check back in with him and he answer his
phone so he probably drowned thank you
Tony
yeah you're welcome however guys pay
attention however if you check your
calendars you will realize that today is
December 1st
and this is a new concept guys which
means it's dynamite December what you
blog belts on guys cuz this December is
about to be behind a might and so you're
probably wondering what dynamite
December means guys told more intense
vlogs I'm giving away one iPhone every
single day up until Christmas guys can
you even do that I can every day to win
the iPhone I there's gonna be a little
bit different of a contest but today all
you guys have to do is smash that
subscribe button and turn on my post
notifications I'm it done when you're
done but now that is dynamite December
guys like you're gonna be with me for
the full month of December I'm so so and
the reason why we just dropped our new
like winter line of merch and the the
warm jackets and stuff is because it is
December 1st no speaking of litmus no
thank you told you're on fire bro
speaking of litmus that's what my next
point was the full Christmas album that
we made is now available on iTunes guys
in the first music video is coming out
in a couple of hours we work so hard on
it guys so you can go to iTunes Spotify
get the whole entire album right now
listen to all the Christmas songs that
we made Christmas Day bro Rae sremmurd
is on a litmus Logan Paul you're gonna
want to listen to these songs so
basically the only way to conclude all
of it is new merch fans Roy taco
backslash Jake Paul
new album is out now go to iTunes
Spotify listen to all the songs new
music video the first of the Christmas
albums is coming out in a couple of
hours it's called littmus with rae
sremmurd be ready for that and new
contests every single day obviously like
I said the first one is a smash that
subscribe button from the post
notifications on and you guys are in it
however you're still going bro Andy I
thought you a dad oh my gosh dude
but enough with the nonsense it's time
to get serious guys someone on Team
Tennis pregnant I can't wait to find out
Anthony media talk buddy I'm not capable
of getting pregnant so no butthole you
don't realize what happened buddy wake
up buddy
are you picking up what I'm putting down
no bro I swear Jay Paul is like no joke
I get this feeling that Apollo and
Athena like already like yesterday
Anthony's dead Bobby's dead mister bear
bears dead it's a whole new day at the
team 10-ounce everyone's dead he was
trying to hump her right when we got
them yesterday
Apollo is like his dad he just smashed
oh I'm such a bad dad I've had a
daughter for a day she's pregnant
I got a pregnancy test cuz I don't know
for sure I don't know that there's a
human pregnancy test but I don't know if
it works on y'all I mean I mean dogs it
would make sense right yeah I think we
might actually already be having puppies
Apollo is AIDS we're grandpa's grandpa
Apollo is it fixed your dog isn't fixed
seeing this stick in general just makes
me like scared it sounds like you've had
some rough past times I don't know if we
can put that one in there who get
manager calves approval manager Kevin
and guys if you watch that manager Kevin
proved and if you didn't see it he
didn't approve and you'll never see this
footage so I don't even know why we're
talking still let's see if they're
pregnant what's that she's pregnant
I honestly think we're gonna have like
literally puppies I mean I guarantee you
after this video she has at least a
hundred K dollars you won't get her to
100k followers at a theme of the canine
what I got some but I don't think these
work for dogs no we don't know if she's
pregnant or not ready to take her to the
vet are you pregnant
I don't be dog I don't know yeah I don't
I don't know I just be doggy this
surgery cause we don't know whether or
not Apollo and Athena how are having
babies listen listen I've listed Apollo
if you smash my daughter
you better have a home by 11:00 and you
better take it a pet goat I don't want
any of this Pet Smart yeah
Pet Smart go get it but take polish that
has been in for today's vlog you haven't
already cuff yourselves on my porch of
the game vertigo make this big ball and
get it before it all sells out you're
the winter collection there's extra hot
ask for for Christmas baby and up smash
that subscribe button and you could win
an iPhone and I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's everyday bro priest
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check
see you guys tomorrow
oops
