why does it look exactly like Apollo and
why is it bigger than Ayla is that a
horse that is a horse guys we are back
at it again you know how we do it high
seas is rare bottom Jesus bloody shoes
at the school I can't get them but if I
water tourism you already know it's
about to go down guys look at how big
this leaf is a big man shorty hit me up
and I said leave me alone but like I
said guys good morning Jake pause if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
are the Jake Paulus this is my life
welcome to it and it's lit every single
day yall already know that it's about to
go ahead down bro it's about to go down
sorry I got red duct tape on my
sweatshirt so you should already know
that it's about to go down today party
people so put your vlog belts on
y'all are locked in and now it's time to
start this there's a lot going on I'm
talking puppies I'm talking parts I'm
tucking the horses I'm talking music
videos I'm talking food I'm talking
jewelry I'm talking team tan house I'm
talking Batman I'm talking Christian
Bale I'm talking Baines you'll see what
I'm talking about why does that guy look
like me I don't wanna be me I feel like
everybody looks like me I look like
Nixon okay well I do
yeah it could go that way we just are
all blond chachi's you know we're just
all blonde sauces a bunch of blonde
shots and you're just a brunette blonde
muchacho oh the Tesla blood sharks yeah
here catch
what
Odell Beckham Joe dear how did he catch
that bro like I said guys there's a lot
going down there's a lot goes down every
single day y'all already know that
Anthony yes have you cured your farty
problem yet bro I didn't know I had a 40
you have authority probably look with my
homies we fine well that's no pun
intended
honey nobody's be careful with her how
the brakes are really good so we had a
situation the other day just drive it
nicely however like I was saying there
is actually a lot going on today we were
doing a music video shoot right now yet
another music video shoot I feel like my
whole life is a music video you should
just do everything like as a music video
literally our lives are like a music
video yeah I feel like we're just
shooting so many music videos so many
songs December 1st guys the litmus album
is he's coming out trust me I saw the
first take of the music video and all I
can say is let's mess well yo can we
pause for a second everybody pause look
at this horse look at this horse
you can unpause you're gonna pause oh me
yeah this horse's name lace and as you
could see lace has on golden shoes can
you believe that I've never seen a war
so cold shoes before but then again I
have never seen such a dumb blind church
before and then I look into me every day
so I guess you learn something new every
day bro are you with Jake pause was that
it no you will be a Jake caller and you
guys are Jake Paul's like I said guys
put your vlog belts on you just became a
Jake Paul the year along for the journey
right now guys remember it's not about
the destination it's about the journey
oh you're sick no sick days it's every
day bro no sick days you're fired
go poo go poop it out yeah he does that
Anthony does that it works every time
and it's just gone stomach feels better
actually check this out not only do we
have look-alike Jake Paul here but we
also have this beautiful carriage my boy
Williams up there in a top
Pat looking like Abe Lincoln no he's
about to kill the game√≠s I've been
dreaming of this like my whole entire
life I just want to like get married and
then leave the wedding in one of these
and then go to like North Pole
do you know what I mean I mean you may
not know what I mean this is straight
out of a movie we're using it in a music
video but like William like look at him
brilliant you're you are killing the
game bro
and you know who else is killing the
game camera man Tony I see you back
there bro you robbing that Gucci I see
you rocking that Gucci
Nathan's fired sorry yeah are you good
What's Wrong buddy the vlog misses you
out here yeah but we understand you got
a little case of the squirts
however guys I can't put help myself to
think about my Lamborghini every time I
look at you lace okay lace you want to
know why is because I'm gonna have 900
laces up in the Lamborghini smart fire
it's gonna be spitting flames it's gonna
be 900 horsepower they're really lace
I'm gonna take like 900 of you and jam
you into the engine it's gonna have 900
horsepower so that's dope I could
picture it now 900 horsepower done hash
takes more fire bro and later I'm not
saying you're worthless you're just 1
horsepower
I want 900 so we're just not we're just
not clicking you know William is still
looking good back there she's more than
one horse I'm looking at it a family
just one horse there's only one horse
I'm just Boosh it's not that I don't
like one horse
I just prefer a 900 oh he's back you're
right back thank you oh wow my head was
getting tired I don't know how you do
that for so long
well he's not gonna be doing it much
longer because yep I and once again thus
proving my theory exposed Ayla is here
guys the only reason she is here is
because she is my new assistant suppose
she is no longer working for Logan
because she is my new assistant
yeah told you I told you she just
exposed herself actually though Erica
and I are couple goals if you remember
yesterday
Oh couple goals what do you mean I have
a new plan for you for your house I have
actually a new roommate for you for you
but it's really for Apollo I have a dog
that needs a house and I was thinking
since you know like you have Apollo and
it's a boy and this is a girl she looks
just like a follow so look at this dog
wait through this dog like a polities
actually needs a home cute Yoshi's
doctor girl she's so cute what's your
name have one she doesn't even have a
name you give her and it's a rescue dog
I am down sweet baby James dude Apollo's
already bad enough as it is he needs a
girlfriend bro you needs a wife girls
tame guy I'm gonna let you guys do your
shoe and I'm gonna go home and then I'm
gonna surprise you later with the most
beautiful roommate every oh he could be
my dog her and Apollo to date we gotta
we gotta shoot yeah we're doing a music
video so sorry
well let this bullet will wander
marinate yo take your tape others I
don't know what's going down but Ayla
wants to give us a dog okay said guys
and lots going down butcher-block but
what do you think William think we
should get the dog or why not
okay well Williams on board so I mean
he's official he look I mean you Ajith
Amelie could be Abraham Lincoln right
now oh okay well we learnt something new
every day
you know who the 16th President was me
lace got a donk
yo she got a fat booty you don't know
things only 1 horsepower compared them
my 900 so sorry
all right guys we're keeping on the move
lace I love you girl until next time
okay and now you're a Jake Palmer right
he's a baller she cool let's keep movin
the next location wise there's a big
echo in here damn and yo I'm still
pondering and whether or not we should
get this puppy I love puppies I'm gonna
die they're so fluffy I wanted
what are you look thirsty I knew it so
we're still trying to figure out what
we're gonna do but guys we are at our
new location and earlier when I was
describing the list of things that was
going to go on today
I said Batman Batman I'm talking
Christian Bale I'm talking Bane you were
probably like why do I have a surprise
for you we are currently in the same
exact spot that Batman was shot this is
the Batcave guys this is legitimately
the Batcave
like the Batman movie was shot anyway
this is legitimately where they shot
Batman roll the clip know what that
means one of my favorite movies ever in
like my dream role is to play bane like
hold on here's my best Bane impression
so I'm not good at it
but maybe one of these days guys I will
be Bain who knows you know maybe I think
I'm as big as him so you all know my boy
Tim Tim is back baby I just want to give
a quick flashback to when I pranked you
for a lie you pissed yourself roll the
clip what are you doing anyway sorry
about that Tim it's okay I'll get you
back later
okay you'll give me back cool
you need to go but it's in the contract
not to touch like this is a million
dollars just trying to kick us out you
know I yeah yeah we gotta keep that I
mean it was worth it did you see how
much fun I was having Kensie well when
it says a restricted area first instinct
for me is go one thing I needed you to
do what do you mean just just not BJ
popper five-minute I had if I had that
such a life you drop the ball respectful
Scotty I respect the fire I think the
guy was so mad because of how good we
look like look at what we're looking so
sexy I'm getting my makeup did we're out
here bro don't you she just saw me like
I was like all up in his late system and
he was just like those ugly things I've
ever seen in my life
well they're Gucci so they really does
it ya know they're like Gucci so it
doesn't matter to whoever guys we did
convince mr. salt man to let us film
here over 10 million dollars but once
again it was so worth it was having so
much my life
these suits are dude like these suits
are it just makes me want to dance
falling right now look at the Snowman on
their students who got snowman on their
suits all filming that Batman that you
jus
extra light guys filming here it's
actually like a dream come true I'm so
glad that we didn't get kicked out I
apologize to the guy we're friends now
good without any further ado it's puppy
time yo ellos years hail is here with
this puppy we have not seen this puppy
this nameless female puppy that could be
Apollo's girlfriend okay bro my Howard
puppy we might have another problem it's
gonna be Anthony's puppies oh so you
have to make the final decision oh man
oh my gosh oh I'm alive I'm in love yo
she's almost cuter than Apollo I don't
want to say it but like I just said why
does it look exactly like Apollo and why
is it bigger than a look yeah why does
she look exactly like Apollo Apollo
kicking you out
don't snapchat it oh whoa Apollo and
nameless female duck inmate how does she
look on camera beautiful Apollo meet
your wife look he's already humping her
oh he's already humping he's already
humping her it's going good they're
literally perfect for each other
like what is happening right now so
what's her name what's her name don't we
should call her three it's like 11 but
three we can come up with a cooler
number 43 has the dog ever been named a
number and they live happily ever after
and of course they're playing in the
merch store because does he know the
game fans are like Oh backslash take
fall guys get yourself some of the
hottest bitch in the game what even the
puppies know like where else would they
play in the merch store huh you're gonna
have to paint nameless dog next to you
Anthony cute two cutest dogs on internet
I had to say you calling you pieces oh
look at us growing up oh my best friends
with our best dogs they like each other
they're dating a few moments later he
just peed on chances bed she just peed
on chances Betty oh I love her she's
already dawn we gotta go bro bro bro bro
could we go on like early-morning walks
with fanny packs with our dogs like hey
good morning Sal yeah we got power back
hey good morning neighbors well all I
know is that my dogs gonna your dogs
like the boyfriend that you approve you
know I'm saying I think I'm gonna allow
it to happen yeah okay thank you for my
promise I'll be a good boy thank you so
much for watching joy the strongest team
on YouTube copy off some of the hottest
murked in the game pan joy taco
backslash Jake Paul guys get yourself a
status measure that's my favorite one in
the game already know you're already
subscribe button and yo we need a name
for this dog I don't know what's gonna
happen guys subscribe to keep up on the
journey he's got some ideas I had some
ideas but we're probably in the name or
tomorrow tribe for that and I will see
you tomorrow because it's every day bro
