it's time to get serious are you nervous
no damn welcome to the life of Jake Paul
another day at the team TED House guys
put your vlog belts on because it is
about strap down guys I already know
what you're gonna do just tell them do
not only do you need your vlog belts for
this one I need your seat belts we are
about to try to hit 100 miles per hour
in the team ten driveway guys I think we
can do it guys there's plenty of strip
here what do you think Nathan and that's
why we're doing it because we do things
that people don't know or think we can
do and that's what we do every single
day on this vlog guys it's lit every
single day bro and if you're new here
you guys are the jake Pollard's and you
are now along for this journey but
enough with the nonsense let's fix the
camera and go but it is time to hit 100
miles per hour in the blood shark is
gonna be the car of choice here my
Lamborghinis in the shop as you guys
know getting supercharged hash takes
more fire I don't even know if this is
possible and this is definitely
dangerous do not try this at home guys
it out any further ado let's do that so
we have probably about a quarter mile to
do this I'm putting the camera in the
middle of the driveway hopefully I don't
run it over but if I don't run it over
it's gonna be a sick shot
but like I said it's live everyday bro
we're still have good morning Jake
Pollard easily that is probably the
dumbest thing we've ever done
not only could I have just lost like 100
grand on the Tesla but I also would have
just took out chance and Anthony's room
he's like sitting up there game coming
back in the Lambo no no yeah hey
driveway you think I'm scared of you
because we almost died maybe a little
bit I come back in a supercharged Lambo
and I'm a hit back up
I think you got that message no joke
take pars this is like forgotten inches
maybe 14 inches oh look at the angle
from here if you're in my seat we were
gonna hit and you just you're Chad go
host anyways guys we're just getting the
day started there's more lettuce to come
but you know that Jake Paul jr. hit him
with the side drift guys like if I
wasn't a professional driver we probably
would have died and I want to thank
Wonder Bread for the sponsorship and
sponsor me to be a driver Thank You
Wonder Bread so much and if you're not
first you're last actually don't know
what just happened bro take fall junior
world baby
you saw me whipping the way I turned but
I can't even fathom what happened so I
sent the video to my brother to react to
it so he could put context around it hey
Jake Pollard's it's me Logan Jake sent
me this video he told me to react to it
I literally have no idea what this is
he's never done this to me before I'm
actually really nervous
impressive I mean I don't want to say
like that was cool Jake you're crazy
don't run through houses I need you in
my life you help me give used bike but
still cute though however it is time to
prank Chad okay yeah so we have these at
porta potties here from the music video
shoots when there's a ton of people you
know you don't want to walk in in your
house so we have these porta-potties so
that people could go to the bathroom
outside now this might be really mean
yeah that was real now this might be
really mean but the reason why it's not
is because chad has always wanted to do
this yeah
he's like oh I want to get form in a
porta pottis aunt on jackass was so good
and so I guess there's a little bit of a
prank we're also helping that Phyllis
dreams so Anthony is gonna go tell them
that there's a snake inside of the porta
potti and when Chad goes in to the porta
potti there's this ledge that we're
gonna come running jack the porta potti
over and then I guess we'll see what
happens hi Tony go you know yo guys this
is about to go down however don't forget
about the pop-up shops that we're doing
in Los Angeles and New York guys here
are the details they're coming up very
soon and guys we're gonna have all of
this exclusive merchandise there that
you cannot get I might check out all
these new merchandise items look at that
bro look at all this oh my god you're
only able to get that at the pop-up
shops guys so you're gonna be able to
come hang out with us like all team ten
is gonna be there it's a legit and you
know that when I say things are lit
they're lit imeem just look at this
morning as an example and y'all aren't
even caught up to speed this morning we
had to get energized and you know eat
some bagels
making like look at whoa
ah no we should we should probably hide
we should probably hide right in here
guys
this is Nick Crompton the boyfriend
we're gonna meet him in a second however
we have to hide right now because
Anthony's getting checked get in there
get in there there's so much going down
it's alliteration and that's not even
all guys this morning we went shopping
and got some of the dopest furniture
that's gonna be inside the house look at
this horse man tell me we don't need
this horse yeah we do this why not I'm
buying this right now $1,000
yeah it's purebred no I know exactly
remember this we're gonna put this in
the merch store it's gonna be a horse
mannequin I love you and I want this one
too yeah but I like the plan will you
trade me for Jake Palmer I got a horse I
got a horse I got a horse I got a heart
fine the villa thanks for the heart
should we just have him ship it yeah oh
you're shipping it I love you you sit
out no I feel like you could sit out in
the villa the British are coming the
British are coming
Jake Revere coming the British are
coming horse but now we are caught up to
speed and that's high you know that's
your brother got home and we still
haven't seen him yeah kiddies with an
McKenzie Kate you're whipped bro
yeah
Oh
I was just so you know I'm still getting
you back from the time you put the chip
in my Doritos but I wasn't me bro
I drink blue juice from under the sink
no other girl froze in the toilet all
the go it's in the toilet I have to get
it Oh anyone Jake you buy me some Taco
Bell tonight and I'll put my hand in
there I've got you and I don't want no
99-cent menu either Jake that was quite
the eventful porta potty mission today
has been an awfully stupid day I hope up
the entire house almost killed Chad and
now it's time to get serious
hey you nervous no so that we the I you
should know so my good friend Nick
Crumpton here you guys may know him
you've probably seen him saying England
is a city where he's most known for
mainly mainly don't maybe the only thing
you're known for actually however he is
on the new Christmas album that's coming
out December 1st - basically guys Nick
Nick Nick has a boyfriend I've never
liked Stram to say I'm gay or anything
like that was the first time right there
um I mean yeah but like I talk about
guys all the time on Twitter yeah yeah I
see it
here's a crush on Cameron Dallas
cameras oh wow Cameron is very he's a
very good-looking dude though I don't
even blame you like but yeah Cameron
yeah yeah
ten out of ten this whole thing's weird
I think you should just get yourself
some at bunch of fans react Oh backslash
shake Paul that's what we you were
trying to say yeah
when did you tell me you were gay it was
like I've never told you that yeah you
had no yeah yeah no so do you think I'm
cute no I just value it's about a
question right well without any further
ado I think it's time to me uh to meet
Levi who is this boy friend Levi do you
want to come on down hey what are you
kids doing well this is fun oh I fog
away
sorry it's hot breath taking off goodbye
kiddos have fun it's like Jericho except
it's like look guys this is liba you're
from North Carolina yeah
how did you meet by the way we just had
this conversation about go ahead -
technically tinder and then it was more
official in Instagram yeah like do you
know I like name in person I was like
trying to show off someone oh he's sure
off so I was I made red drive me to his
house in the white Rolls Royce oh wow I
picked him up and brought into the
cinema with cinema its way in action
amazing
Oh a theater yeah but here's the thing
well like about our society in general
is like people look at that as like a
negative thing usually oh we meant like
I don't want to talk about how we met
because I could imagine or or Instagram
but that's like how people meet in our
generation especially in Los Angeles
we're like the city is so big like we're
gonna meet people I got the club I don't
want to meet my wife at the club cuz
then you end up with
okay what color your eyes I think we
kind of look alike this oh god no don't
do this no no he's a lot better like him
like say you think you I really dog you
think he's cute yeah so technically you
would like you to what what do you want
that one no we do don't look like each
other
no thinks I'm cute puppies all yours but
I'm just saying he thinks the only thing
that's the same is the Hat and the skin
tone his ears look like mine too there
it is similar job and lipstick and also
really the nose I'm so disturbed right
now I don't mean to get super intimate
Oh Oh God but have y'all ever been like
kissing it and then Nick goes England's
my city actually yeah thank you so much
for watching
smash that subscribe button leave I
thank you for putting up with my yeah
I'm drying the strongest Iman you do
crap yourself some of the hottest march
in the flipping game right and I will
see y'all tomorrow because it's everyday
bro England
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatting Deb's everyday
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
