I mean I might as well just spill it all
out there spill what up everything Erica
is upstairs right now sleepy Erica got
back from her trip the last day it came
to the team ten hours to shoot the music
video and so is right now she's upstairs
in my bed right now and this is gonna be
called the man again wake up scare prank
look accordion bucket morning Jay
Pollard's about to go down guys put your
vlog belts on you're not locked in for
this journey
you also notice that my boy yes on the
wall new black top collection
merchandise 35 percent of the
description
J my heart is beating so fast
good morning Jake boy
oh please not cute enough you've got the
all black oh my god but actually Erica
we need to wake up because it is a day
you know we're ready for a workout when
my man has the tightest of tights on
with the lime green stripes on I'm ready
to go but these are extra tight and the
lime dream you've got to be fasten them
wrong so much fascinates Lucy oh good
morning Jake pause it like I was saying
if you guys are new here I'm straight
Paul you guys are the Jake callers this
this is the team ten house and it is lit
sure I need to split every single day
bro we have a lot that is about to go
down guys and don't forget that it's
Sunday and then not only that but it's a
day on hashtag Jarek
however guys really Bobby once taught me
that if you're not first you're last
and since Hollywood is such a
competitive space we need every
competitive advantage that we can get to
become the most people in Hollywood row
so that means that we got to do some
fitness brokers Fitness is the first
step to greatness ready 3 2 1 Hey
let's go no more clothes March water
there's so much Marsh it's so heavy
these piggies run it with March Oh
what is up guys we are where are we
right now let me answer that question
for you right now we are at the
engineering bro and it is about to go
down some our fire is going to get some
up so my god Nick here he is about to
supercharge this car ok what that means
Jake Paulus is we're gonna take this car
from 630 horsepower to like what 900 900
horse not only is it going to be 900
horsepower but you're gonna add like
tunes to it to basically make it spit
more flames I mean his name is Smurfs
fire so like it's got a Spitfire you
don't I'm saying we're gonna give it to
you long and now I love it long and loud
ok but this is actually crazy though
because like this car is already
incredibly fast we've already had a
hundred ninety miles per hour
but like the supercharger is going to
take it to such a next next next level
Nick we make it so that like it spits
flames out till I hear ya yeah we could
do that I really want to be able to
roast some malas you know I love
marshmallows I think we can organise
that for you Jay small fires gonna splat
so this is the part that's gonna go
inside of Smurf fire I don't know what
it does but it looks fast and like I
said earlier now first you're last
and like I actually mean that guys in
more than one way in cars in life so
this is gonna make it so that I'm never
last
I mean I don't want to be less you know
I'm saying and not only is a
supercharger going inside it's more fire
but it also doubles as a giant cell
phone no phone who dis all right Nick
Smurf fire is yours when we come back
he's gonna be a flame spin 900
horsepower unicorn thingymajig bro you
got it
by you fix my manicure from when you
broke it earlier yeah yeah because your
Frank's me with it
this is gonna take some teamwork well it
is a day of Jared I go no do you - I'll
March or now it's time for Monday of
course I want to sell my 35% off oh it's
Mike Leake advice and I've no backlash
do you come here a lot so are you
wearing what
but now people we are getting some more
music video shots Eric and I actually
made a new song together
it's called darica the reason why it's
called Garriga is Jesus the reason why
it's called Garrick ax-chopped the
reason why it's called Jericho the
reason why it's called Jericho the
reason why it's called Erica is because
it's all about how Erica leaves me
forego she's sorry so we're still
getting some music video shots it's
actually not it's actually not what the
song's called you know well we're still
getting shots for the Christmas Day bro
remix what are you doing my makeup oh my
god she's doing my makeup thank you so
much please be gentle
Kajol this is a spine I'm fragile
but guys I'm actually so excited for you
to see this Christmas albums and all the
music videos we're working so hard on
him you want to be shinier no I want to
be shiny
don't make me cause the scene you always
pause I always cause a scene really make
one time right now oh yeah oh yeah daddy
Nathan I wouldn't you do with makeup no
they hit inspired you put a chip in my
thing yesterday know what's going on
let's shoot the music video I'm
dismissed you sound like my principal
and my principal also said I would never
make it and look mom he made it
action
that's a wrap on Jake Paul so we
finished a music video shoot and what's
super fun to me right now is that
Anthony's Twitter and phone is
completely hacked right now but it's
Instant Karma because last night I was
trying to give my boy two orders of
merchandise from fetch when I come back
let's check Paul and he wouldn't do it
look at I'm just going about his day and
not taking the time to use the 35% off
code that fans Royko back sighs Jake
Paul just look at him the irony behind
that guy's is that are you about the
mess Tony up no wrong the irony behind
that guy's though is that this is a
proven fact by the way if you order
merchandise from banjo and I come back
slash a call your social media accounts
can never get happy if it's just a thing
I feel fine your Twitter's your phone
anyone who orders Jerrica toldja we're
gonna talk about Jerrica we're here in
the Jake Walmart store to talk about our
relationship
mm-hmm can you start please um no you
start no use no basically you little
muffin my Loco you're my little
screaming go Jerrica Jake and hair guy
got married like total months ago what
was Jericho Jericho before that was it
was it I mean
I might as well to spill it all out
there spill what everything if you were
dude I'd still date you that was before
the wedding so I guess you're alive
always got a crush on you oh hey there's
one day when I was just like something
happened and like wait wait one second
she's so beautiful
wait when was this I don't know but like
I just remember that happening and then
when was it I think you were talking to
like some guy - you were like texting
some guy and that's when he started our
do pressure on me think so I had a crush
on you when I would just like always be
pissed off because the house wasn't
Madison like he went it back me tell
them to like do what their spell when I
live the pool on fire and when you let
the pool on fire I think I have a crush
on you like it was before the wedding so
you actually wanted to get married sure
cool you little go yeah oh my god it's
been like Oh what is Jared said to you
today it is an undefined relationship
yeah yeah I would say I guess my way of
describing it would be if it was on if
it was a facebook status it would be
it's complicated
that's literally basically ride too said
we just don't communicate about it
really we just like know what's up in
the moment yeah and right now you
looking damn good hello yeah Jericho's
reoccupy thank you for shopping at banjo
at club access don't plug your mouse on
my channel thanks for dinner okay always
there for us
if I land this and Jarek is real if I
don't the gods of the merch store Tanner
show me showing the gods of the merch
store bro if I land this the gods of the
merch store are here with us they will
determine whether Jericho is real okay
sweet baby Jesus please give me the
power house or thank domina
so that's lovely yes there's that
so Jake Pollard's I guess that's our
relationship did we even really describe
it yeah the water bottle the Facebook's
that is but guys thank y'all so much for
watching cyber monday make sure they got
yourself some of the merch guys this is
not gonna be available any more after
today life's to do is go to fan joy taco
backslash Jake ball 35% off ah see you
guys even dogs like the March join the
strongest team on YouTube smash that
subscribe button thank you so much for
being a part of this journey and I will
see you tomorrow because it's every day
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
