yo stop stop stop yo you're good Erica
no this is I don't like do you trust me
yeah this is a bad idea
no it's not you don't even know what
you're doing exactly I'm surprised for
you I don't like this at all right I
don't like blindfolds you actually look
good in the blindfold
I don't you look good in the blindfold
cane you got the surprise yeah yeah it's
right here in my hand it's a day of 900
horsepower Lamborghinis if you're new
here my name is Jake Paul you guys are
the Jake polish put your belt on and get
ready for today's roller coaster I'm not
gonna go in it and unless you come with
me to this boss so now we're negotiating
I go to the spa with her she's gonna let
me react react to me going as fast as I
possibly can that's for real over New
Orleans welcome to today's journey you
just became a part of it join the
community the Jake polish the Mozilla
YouTube channel stop have some respect
for the if you're not worrying much you
can't be my vlog Jake what happens to me
you got blurred out you know we can see
you so if I take all my clothes off
we'll still be barred yeah yes you have
to wear this okay
stop taking the clothes off I'm blurred
it doesn't yeah you're right it doesn't
matter but you know for real if you're
not wearing March in the vlogs you're
blurred look at Chad learn Oh tough
Android eye Kovacs less Jake ball and
get yourself some eyes watching the game
seriously for real guys we do have to go
to the spot we're running a little bit
late I won't you want me to teach you
yeah I have a confession to make to you
you weren't here but I broke rain bro
what did you do
I jumped him hashtag cringe
okay let's go okay yet to the spa
where's she going you're taking the
Lambo I don't know dude she's out of her
no no I know I love you what keep on
saying down to camera guys yo who knows
maybe I mean it I don't know but yo
welcome to our lives welcome to the most
lit YouTube channel welcome to the most
dysfunctional family welcome to the team
hey that is the squad as the family team
can you already know we're in the
building bro oh my god spot time America
makes me do these things to like stay
sexy because she doesn't think I'm sexy
like fit no I owe you today is such a
busy day you already know where all your
guy named Logan Paul is coming later
God's coming later just wanna make sure
you're smiling because positivity is the
first step to greatness guys and the
second step is being really if you're
positive and pretty guys there's
basically nothing that can stop you in
life like besides getting punch to the
face you Oh I'm also throwing it back
with the old-school Jay Paul pink camo
more toward you don't pander and I only
have a link in the description but y'all
check this out I'm gonna make this March
this is like hair hair growth so what
does this do no I'm gonna look like
Logan Paul from his music video to
khumba's in water that's pretty flowers
that's pretty laser machines that
literally burn your face off to give you
a new face fat melting devices that
literally burn your fat off the point is
guys I'm here to give really like it's
Hollywood if you're what okay yeah
Erica's already pretty she's Jewish too
what should we start with the wax I got
Chester Jamie's not here so I'm gonna
watch your test three two well I'm done
with you after this okay three to the
peaceful music is really awful but y'all
feeling super beautiful child at the
beauty lines red spot guys it is almost
Lambo time are you ready
I think Logan's gonna react to the Lambo
so they got everybody's and I also did
some other things while I was here to
make myself beautiful hashtag beautiful
beauty
oh my gosh Oh beautiful yeah look who's
in the bill
I started this new thing I just want to
get everyone to do it everyone's gotta
hit it I'm gonna demonstrate it one time
but then everyone's got to hit it
together because there's so many people
here and it's gonna look great on are we
doing fine so let me hit it first right
this is what you got to do you know
Ricky Bobby once said it's time to go
screws up
guys we're doing all of this chime and a
closed private road
do not drive fast at home we're going
into the speed limit on those private
roads and it's all for entertainment
thank you this is like so classy you're
training like such a princess no I got
you on a sleigh yeah mom I'm gonna have
to call you back
facts about the flip the Lambo the only
supercharged first monta in the world
yep
then here we go and they gave it to you
they said give this man says Jake Volvo
oh my god are you just going
I can't say when I was going the speed
limit slingshot
/ - are you serious now all right
slingshot engaged
is going on
oh wow oh my goodness gracious
you got yourself a fast car there
brother
I'll try to grab the dashboard okay try
to grab it like this get ready
no three two three
Oh
my gosh
my god
drive it
hello yeah yeah I gotta go well you know
yes it's hard to drive
guys that is it for today's moment
during the strongest team on YouTube
it's for real pilots marching the game
guys I walk in other stores like I said
and I'm just like yo IDs even close even
here like who would buy these I've put
so much time into the Jay Paul mort's
brand get yourself a status richer
that's my favorite one guys and I will
see you tomorrow because lose every day
bro
right join the everyday bro movement
people and calc your self some of the
hottest urged in the gang go right now
because the take callers sell everything
out and slash go subscribe button join
the most let YouTube channel on YouTube
I'll see y'all tomorrow
