I have to say my brother man today it's
gonna be a very sunny day we're about to
play my seviche prank to start the day
off so we're shooting a music video at
our house today and the whole entire
crew is on lunch break right now
we got lighting equipment we got giant
cameras however Ayla
Logan's old assistant and Tim my boy
we're taking their lunch break inside of
my Tesla big mistake we're about to use
the auto drive feature I don't think
either of them have seen that happen to
the guys good morning put your flog
belts on it's about to go down there's a
little bit of gentlemen today just what
though dude how do you stop the car
fucking the window oh no it's even
dragging it bro no I was just sitting in
the back I need to touch anything
hallo what did you do what did you do a
Hello no the tester was anthem I don't
know I'm just saying out there I think
I've eaten your backseat alas I quit I
quit
Oh God good morning Jake good morning
Jake father's what is going on guys if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
are the Jake callers and it is lit every
single day bro yo yo there's a lot and
when I say a lot guys you know I mean it
there is a lot that is gonna go down to
day like I said guys we're shooting a
music video our house for another banger
another one it's Christmas Day bro it's
Christmas Day we have a Grinch inside
we're building our own my giant stage
right now because we're about to throw a
concert in our own yeah and like I said
guys there's some drama that I think I
have the opportunity to settle as you
guys saw Ayla who is Logan's old
assistant is here but the person that is
directing our music video is AILA's
boyfriend and if you didn't know Ayla
had a boyfriend now you know but the
thing is is I think there's
beef between like Logan and Ella's
boyfriend because like Logan was always
with Ayla and they're like would flirt
all the time and like so I think I want
to have a discussion with him and like
maybe settle some beef like how does he
really feel about Logan as you want to
fight him does you want to kiss him does
you want to hump him does you want to
buy my merch it's a scorcher today boys
wait a second though who remembers when
I fell onstage at the Teen Choice Awards
you guys remember that I'm good it's all
good I play it up smooth every time and
guys we also have a couple of Jake
Pollard's here who won the Lamborghini
marks contest
I love the Jake Paul I love y'all and
just when you thought there couldn't be
more than is going down here you're
wrong my boy Gavin who is sunny
you guys know sunny her brother Gavin
came to the house today with the world's
hottest ship apparently in the world
apparently some guy died from eating it
so I don't eat that it seems like a good
idea but y'all are locked in for the day
half is about to go down y'all are along
for the journey click and less flipping
do that and wake up dude wake up buddy
we need you in the we need you in the
music video you got to be a mini Santa
okay you need to do that all right we'll
need you in the music video in like 30
minutes okay
yo check this out and if you notice that
my boy Jerry purpdrank is in the
building
bro you celeb guest appearance on this
track bro he murdered it he murdered the
versus waiting here that's right Jerry
and I go way back you know it's kind of
emotional that we're doing stuff
together again I'm on crisis beats my
grandma - she's super dead I think we
should play him some of our vines are
sick twisted piece of I know food
recipes my grandma like I said she's
super dead however it is time invisible
relax it is time as the jurors are here
guys these are the winners Keaney March
contest guys they have flown across the
United States guys to ride in Smurf fire
three of their names
Hudson Jesse and Tyler their names are
engraved on the car we got some siblings
here but yo y'all are roughing this
March hard like these Jake ballers are
so loyal look at this guy they got the
lines in the side of their head just
like me but enough of the nonsense has
anybody here been in Lamborghini before
who wants to go first
yeah okay first how about a fight to the
death by do that guys
Padua not cold back slow straight fall
35% off all black boy this is my boy
this one Jake Muller is there even the
dad's got Mauro dad's got a large that's
how you know it's real 35% off Android
I'll call backs that's Jake Paul always
plug my boy here was asking me to plug
his YouTube channel we shake shake and
bake now you see me now you don't shake
father's left guys
it is nighttime now we are about to have
a concert in our backyard but guys I
hope that Jake college guys have fun in
the Lambo with feet it's like a
real-life NASCAR
however guys your blood bugs are still
on still have a lot to do and y'all I
think I'm starting to get sick from when
I jumped off yesterday into the 40
degree water that was probably pretty
dumb however I ain't afraid of no
sickness bro
I take sickness I grabbed it by the neck
all of it sicknesses but if you think a
little bit of sickness is gonna stop me
you're wrong
but the music video is going great guys
yo check out this shot can't wait for
you guys to see this Christmas Day bro
remix it's Christmas Day bro Hey what I
am a little bit pissed guys because
there was a Grinch here like this guy
was in a full Grinch makeup outfit
thingy majiggy thing but he left and I
wish I could've fathered with them grow
but check out this clip that Chad got
like I said this music video is gonna be
lit who has a Grinch bro Jake Paulus
what's good we're about to prank Jake
with the Hot Chip challenge Sonny's
brother
that's Gavin sad yet I told Jake that he
wanted to do it
chip challenge does Jake know at the tip
challenge no all right so basically
we're gonna take this chip out looks
like a Dorito put it in the Raiders bag
seal it right here we have the pocket
chip okay this is like one of the
world's hottest ticket is we're gonna
kill Jake you okay yeah smells like that
put it in let's go you gotta go
we got to go on a timeframe go three to
us I'll act like I'm eating them and
I'll be like yo you want to chip here I
was not for this prank Paul this is for
my friend Jake you know watermelon rich
story makes me just say you know go by
his Merc shop and Roy Kovacs that shake
ball yeah act natural okay
no did you know you did it that's not
good no this is stage one this is my
vlog yeah we gotta get you back for
revenge buddy he doesn't do good with
hot sauce either man dude you're the
same as angry really good it was you
oh man yeah we have no mouth there was
one thing I would say before I die
you burnt my face hell man joy taco
backslash shake well I think if you are
no hot sauce it gets better
somebody called 9-1-1 pleasure that go
back missing Oh black collection pop-up
shops here's the info New York LA oh we
got a die bro who is 90 minutes later
finally recovered and y'all mr. Ballew
and mr. Trujillo right have you and you
Nathan back there you know I took
sickness earlier I'm gonna take all
three of you chumps like this and I'm
gonna break this are you you don't know
what's coming for you tomorrow morning I
told y'all I was gonna make it happen I
told y'all I'll never sell the piece
there's no beef really I don't
I was calling it I don't know what it is
we're about to find out this is
Mackenzie he directed today's music
video it's about to be fire thank you so
much but I just had to ask well first of
all a lot of you probably don't know
that you are a lesbian
yeah a while for a while what had ass
like because I know Lohan posted it like
all these videos of like our
relationship and like we your thoughts
on that what do I have to say about your
brother man I have so much respect right
for the Paul brothers I honestly do your
brother is a monster when it comes to
everything that he does I have nothing
bad to say on that
that's real like everything else I mean
I would have done it differently you
know there's actually play before this
way I know your daddy
I met them almost a year ago I mean some
of your dad's vlogs actually really a
while about Greg polar so before I even
like had words with Logan like I knew
Logan everyone knew the everyone knows
like goes it just didn't come across so
so it's not like we had beef but it was
just like I will say people shipping
them was the hardest part about it yeah
the pan shipping loquacious if our low
gangster I'll say that though you guys
are dedicated they call them like Laila
right or uh yeah and they would yeah
some people were just like please it's
like months you know it's cool honestly
dude I'm so proud of her I'm so proud of
like everything she did for him like she
lasted a long time to be honest ya know
that's got to be tough uh working with
Logan I mean go ahead stuff forever like
every day yeah so I mean props are
mainly plates how does a mainly plate we
ship mail i we should mail I know
dedicated fans I had no problem with you
guys our followers Logan I mean y'all
got your stuff I will say this like
people should get it done people ship
Nathan it I Jason how are you I'm great
alright well you heard it here first of
all McKenzie here's thoughts on Logan
Paul thank you for that sick drop coming
Christmas Day bro get ready for it get
ready for it and don't forget guys to
copy yourself some of the hottest merch
in the game Android ICO backslash shake
ball if you only have a limited time to
get 35% off mag get it while you can and
the blackout collection is only
available for like two more days bro
thank y'all so much for watching smash
that subscribe bye
during the strongest team on YouTube and
I will see y'all tomorrow because it's
everyday bro
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is going to give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text check Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on the daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
Boosh
