I thought it would be a good idea if we
react to his new music video Oh
I mean put your vlog belts on three -
what you - were to ever fly click my
table title I'm done vlogging for the
day it's every day bro please make sure
you're subscribed guys I have so much
energy right now because I just took
like eight espresso shots the reason why
is because it is like 50 degrees right
now
we came here spontaneously last night as
you guys know I forgot to pack a
sweatshirt so guys I really need a Jay
Paul sweatshirt right now more than ever
I know the 35% off I'm probably gonna
have to order one of the entire store
I'm gonna have to order one myself oh my
god well we are here at the Alltech
family farm as you know we flew in last
night surprise Logan and Caden and
McKenzie and so we got here late last
night surprise Logan didn't find them
anywhere and so I go to sleep last night
and this morning I get woken up by like
nine chickens and Logan pause big old
chat slow deep all comers I can't I get
some sleep guys look at this couple
goals right here that's a signal for
life but now we are about to go on the
Alltech family farm tour and petting zoo
oh this is the pool if you told me when
I came here for the first time she's
like this is our pool everybody jumps
okay so now it's all starting to make
sense this is where we walk down last
night to surprise Logan although I don't
think Logan was too excited I don't know
maybe because he was already trying to
go to sleep
but that's not what is important what's
important is the fact that we spent
Thanksgiving together as brothers and
speaking of Logan I think he's like
somewhere right now shooting a music
video which we might go crash look at
how majestic this place is guys Andy is
legitimately getting married right there
and I'm still single
oh there's been a marriage here before
yeah my other
oh my god everyone's getting wiped up
nowadays are you guys next look at my
look at my hat it's Benny I think you
guys are actually next to get me oh
we're talking about Andy's oh there's so
many chicks bro maybe I can find a girl
I see the one that woke me up this
morning anyway and in the morning I'm
making waffles not only is he sexy he's
an athlete he must be pro hi oh hi are
you a polar hi do you know Erica Castel
have you had any contact with her
recently
no okay did you know that I'm actually a
turkey - no this place is so much fun -
all things family for pro we're still
out here guys and we have to leave right
now to go somewhere else in Seattle
which is gonna be done however we don't
have time to make the Logans music video
shoot except I know he's using this here
vehicle in his music video shoot and so
I thought it'd be a good idea to hide
the key and ruin his shoot he'll never
know find the keys
but guys it's ashli still freezing right
now so they said and now we're at
Mackenzie's whole house in Seattle look
at this guy McKenzie is taking seen
senior pictures of Helen and grace I
only took junior pictures because I high
school but you'll hear my junior
pictures like I was such a chance to die
I don't know man thank God his senior
pictures taken yes they're taken senior
pictures like this is great and all but
what I see is a place to send it from
bro well I did it in Venice the dirtiest
place yeah and lookout lit that was if
you do it and you're not like freezing
McGee's in there yeah oh so cool I have
a beanie on right now if there's one
thing I've never been I've never been so
I'm sending it guys this is what life's
about pushing yourself outside of your
comfort zone with McKenzie we're turning
your senior pictures into a situation
right now
no I'm jumping jumping into the water
you know that it's everyday real life's
about everyday pushing yourself and it's
all represented as a march Phandroid I
go back /to take fall Black Friday sale
35% off the all new blood collection is
lit except I'm taking it off because I
can't get it with no
this is called the Polar Plunge
20 minutes later you know sometimes
these things happen man
we lost mr. GoPro
he's a part of our vlog family for so
many so many blood and now he's just out
there it's Bobby's - still recording
hoping that we we're gonna rescue him
and it's too deep
I'm sorry anyway we got to go so yeah
the adults way baby our uber driver
right now is a vlogger bro my guy is
vlogging look it up oh I've never seen
an uber vlogger how long you been
vlogging
you got a couple here she said okay cool
we fully conquered Seattle I'm talking
surprised and Logan I'm talking going to
space I'm talking about chasing chickens
fuck you're talking about chasing Erica
have you had any contact with her
recently I'm talking about sending it
off of a boathouse into some freezing
cold water that is a quick in-and-out
mission and my boy here does not know
about YouTube copyright I can't do that
I got it I can't do that as you can see
here my man has a starbucks Frappuccino
with your Seattle is home of the first
Starbucks ever oh my gosh this beast
around let's get my buddy you one - hey
how you feeling all right buddy we're
heading out I'll see you bring it in I
love you make sure you go Black Friday
shopping that drew that go back to the
shake well bye Seattle bye we're on the
move I found a Pam stirrer are you in
the family okay
you have to make an announcement really
fast attention all Flyers I'm just here
to let you guys know that it is Black
Friday happy Black Friday and my
merchandise personally yeah plug
tomorrow my merchandise personally is
35% off at fan joy Co backslash Jake
Paul thank you all for flying with us
here at the Seattle Airport today and I
wish you all a happy holiday Jake yo
that's my guy I jump in here buddy
what's your name
Ziya nice to meet you bro you got a hit
a dab 12 seconds later guys everyone
loves me you guys see my friends few
moments later I found a book it yeah
there's my friend what's up you wanna
make out you can't say that Jack I don't
know if y'all heard my announcement out
earlier but we're having a 35% off sale
that Black Friday
if anyone's down are you getting
something yeah you're getting something
probably a magazine
he must be a great quality how are you
got stuck with the blonde charged people
in saying hey touchdown our next
location we're still living our lives to
the flag them gone through puberty and
we are still living life to the fullest
guys I got myself a coffee because I'm
gonna be all jacked up on caffeine and
I'm also jacked up on emotions right now
because every time I fly into Los
Angeles which is where we are guys I
know I was like hyping it up but we're
just in Los Angeles well every time I
come to Los Angeles I passed this
building that I first saw when I was 17
the first time I came to Los Angeles and
I remember I was like y'all imma conquer
this city I'm gonna take over Hollywood
and I'm a dab on them haters and so
every time I pass it reminds me like yo
this is why I thought I came to Los
Angeles is to grind change the
entertainment industry to basically
start a new life and it reminds me of
where I came from in Ohio and it reminds
me to work hard it's crazy girl that
passed every time and we fly into Los
Angeles you know so I'm just really
emotional about it man you know this one
want to show them how we do you know
it's everyday bro and Disney Channel
flow every day I feel my life
doubled abuse of any show Nickelodeon it
me down and I said oh nice movie sorry
no I'm sorry no no go ahead no but this
is not that high you don't understand
back home and you know it's not to be a
party however I am pissed because
whoever invented daylight savings time
you bro why does it have to get dark so
early man why did you however it does
feel good to be back more fires in the
building you already know the reason why
it's good that it's dark is because it's
Black Friday and it's literally turning
into a blackout and that means that I
have the perfect attire on because it's
Black Friday it's getting dark outside
and I'm wearing the black out collection
shameless plug what I'm trying to say is
that the only thing good about it being
dark out right now is that since I'm
wearing the new black out collection you
literally can't see me Wow
JK I can see you but actually I don't
real note though I wish it was just more
sunny guys we're here at the Jaypee
merch store the Black Friday shoppers
are lining up we're about to let them
into the store guys
Black Friday
so yesterday guys my brother did a
reaction video to my new song that
everyday bro remix it would be a good
idea if we react to his new music video
I don't have ever reacted like one of
Logan's videos this is the first first
time here well this is gonna be our
official reaction Logan Paul no
handlebars
we literally a cha-cha mustache why does
it all mustache
so sexual oh he's always got the Gucci's
on wait
he's got the Gucci snake on the mustache
grow this is a lid
no no we did a shot like that in one of
our old videos you're on an escalator
and we were like swimming what do you
think well yeah you said no no cunt
Logan bro you can't say that bunny got
that Tesla ass I was I was thinking
about it I mean she's got that Tesla ass
like she's got an electric ass he looks
like the guy from the bullying good
yo-yo back it up is that shaggy from
scooby-doo
oh yeah thank you for reacting with us
Apollo no you good job bro that's al its
own deer there's a listen I still get
the Tesla a slight if you could please
explain that to me it's fresh mind
mustache maybe - yeah we're the money
where the mustache go from is that
simply do is that shaggy from scooby-doo
somebody cause a lot of questions thank
you so much for watching smash that
subscribe button just augustin on
YouTube don't forget to go to Phandroid
callbacks let's check Paul right now
guys Chris the CEO of Android called me
as like yo we're running out of stock
IntelliJ claws to go right now there's
four days left in the sale guys but I
think it's gonna run out of stock before
then so get yourself some hot new Black
Friday or it's the all-black that is
make sure it's my favorite yo scene are
you an Instagram justin disinvite
and we will see you tomorrow because
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatting Deb's everyday
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
