yo guys look at this thing right now
good morning Jake Pollard's it's
Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving but more
importantly it's pranks Gibby
last night we caught this giant beetle
guys this thing is alive look and since
its pranks giving chance and Anthony are
still sleeping I think this will look
better in their bed what do you guys
think are you really gonna let it this
is apparently called a jerusalem cricket
but it's about to be a chance and
Anthony cricket that thing is not don't
try this at home guys and happy
prankster
which is long because it's about 2:00
now
I knew it you son of a I knew it chance
intensity like I say every day it's lit
every day if you're new here I'm Jay
Paul this is the team ten house and it's
lit every single day bro this would have
killed somebody broke at the team can
house is about Chico and now I don't
know what to do what I do know that we
had the chief tenth house have our own
menu right now like we legitimately have
giving bro we got chef in the kitchen
making the most delicious Thanksgiving
food ever
shoutout to Christopher Columbus
shoutout to the pilgrims making this
possible
yo told y'all it was we have a bunch of
like chefs and people here to put on the
best Thanksgiving that we've ever had in
our lives do you want some turkey Apollo
yes you do
yes you do I love Thanksgiving like I
love me some food except guys I did an
Instagram live this morning and on the
Instagram live I joined my brother into
the calls and I was like yo why are we
together right now on Thanksgiving like
I kind of like just realized I was like
yo why aren't we together I guess we
really had never communicated it to each
other and so are the stars didn't align
him and I realized like yo I want to be
with all of my family on Thanksgiving so
I'm having this internal dilemma right
now where do I fly to Seattle where my
brother is right now uncle Cades there
what
is there there apart my family too man
and then you could see your brother I'm
trying to decide what to do put on the
contrary like I can't just dip on
everyone on team ten like look at this
we have our own things give me two I'd
like my mom and dad aren't here so like
do I surprise Logan and shout out to the
Native Americans too right guys yeah
we're doing it and speaking of dilemmas
brow chance right now is on a phone call
with his girlfriend yes and he's trying
to decide whether to stay here at the
team den house for Thanksgiving or go to
her family's house when it comes down to
it yes
bro stay with us a little quote for
quote he just said I want to stay here
because this is my family
boy are you staying here it's a little
cooler they didn't wear it what do you
want to do yeah anything you want to go
see your brother in Seattle I don't
really want to travel this way I want to
be with team ten guys yeah we're gonna
travel in New York for a coffee shop in
a couple weeks
speaking of the pop-up shops guys
December 1st in Los Angeles I don't know
all the details yet but guys we are
having pop-up shops in New York and Los
Angeles
I just called Cade he is in Seattle he's
going to be our Inside Man if you do
decide to go yo what is going down bro
do I make the Power Move to Seattle and
surprise Logan hacks me the address I'm
gonna make my decision they texted me
the location bro it's only 20 minutes
from the airport oh man it's like what
do i do man
I'm going that's it
I spend time with my family here and
then I spend time with my family in
Seattle I ask myself what would a turkey
do and I put myself into the shoes of a
turkey and a turkey on Thanksgiving
would fly and be free and fly with this
it's like the same everyday bro it
doesn't just mean like vlogging every
day it's like take every day and live it
through the fullest and that is living
life to the force also the merch store
is looking dope guys don't forget about
the 35% sale that is going on right now
it's the biggest yeah we've done
Phandroid know backslash Jake Paul and
the all-new blackout collection is
killing the game but yo it's a living
and not only is it a living shoutout to
Christopher Columbus I'm a turkey it is
also a pranks giving guys don't think I
forgotten so I'm gonna tell my mom who
just called me gonna call her back and
tell her that I'm in the ER and then I
have a giant cut on my leg how did you
call I'm in the ER I have like a I got
like a giant cut on my leg vlogging I
had a sword in it like one in my leg I
might have to get it amputated oh yeah
you want to see it on FaceTime yeah what
I mean by that is it's a prank skinning
I'm an actor bro Anthony I got some good
news I just booked all of our flights to
see yeah we're going bro
accomplishes nothing bro you're my phone
I'm not going why can't we just all love
each other there's just me and you know
I think I'm just saying that go but I
don't have a lesson can I go
yeah you can go I thought you guys broke
up though
well we're hanging out right now right I
say you're going to have to watch your
cat see do I have to watch you we're
going to Seattle see hello Adam yes we
can find someone to watch the cats
it's not about to catch what happened oh
and where am i right now did I walk off
and say no to go in Seattle for no
reason no I'm here everywhere I am here
everywhere chance in 2017 and now it's
time for the 210 family dinner you know
I can relate because I'm actually a
turkey too I think we should all join
hands and Instagram story first ladies
first of all I want to say thank you
sweet baby Jesus up there in the clouds
looking like a guy Church I want to say
thank you to Nathan for recording these
vlogs and putting up with my book on a
day to day basis or making making the
merger impossible
Thank You Domino's in this meal I want
to say thank you to manage your care for
making the business deals happen I want
to say thank you to the sweet sweet
turkey that was probably shot in the
woods somewhere in Ohio and I also want
to give a big thanks to everyone on team
ginger you know we don't think we go
through things but we're still here
we're here and lastly I want to say
thank you to Apollo for being the cutest
damn dog they're ever come on you got
your fork
yeah I'm Logan and a Hyundai Cade at
McKenzie neighbors Ecola we're coming
one hour later
I'm coming Logan sometimes in life you
have to follow your heart
spending time with team 10 on
Thanksgiving was absolutely amazing but
my heart told me that brother Logan Paul
felt lonely family doesn't let family be
lonely I know a piece of his heart felt
empty and I'm here as Jake Paul to
fulfill the emptiness in people's hearts
I love them safe back to you Jake so
inspirational guys Oh Thanksgivings all
about family that's why I'm coming for
you Logan we're about 20 minutes away
and our Inside Man paid less ditched us
with so now I'm calling Andy I'm made to
figure out where Logan is and what is
going on and he still doesn't know
we are here in Seattle and they what are
you doing bro in Seattle I came to meet
up with my second family
no bro dead-ass I'm like I'm on my way
to your parents house right now
I came to surprise Logan and Cade bailed
on me because he's whipped by your
sister you need to take me to Logan man
bait guys we took this idea and turned
it into reality and once again I want to
thank Domino's Riggins yeah yeah like
actually yeah bro
yeah bro doesn't want to see his own
brother and thanks good yeah Oh anything
do you miss your brother buddy he's
crying up here I don't need that I just
need them I know I don't need it I just
need to be the new chick Virg guys it's
35% off and do it I've got axj guys
we're about to surprise right now it's a
perfect time to tell you guys about the
pop-up shops we're doing in they need to
know about the pop-up shop Los Angeles
December 1st through 3rd 11:00 a.m. to
7:00 p.m. each day downtown LA in New
York December 8th through 10th we're
still figuring out the location would be
ready for the pop-up shop
okay
oh yes you didn't think I wasn't gonna
spend Thanksgiving with my brother wait
what the heck is a brother because like
you never know would you expect from
this cat bro I don't even know how to
register this I did a whole speech on
how you can't not do a defense yeah you
know I gave a speech great yes or mom
and dad yeah mother oh yeah mommy coming
at ya what's going on good morning
pastor
hamsters obese dude we'll leave you to
it no where you going though yeah
actually want to see the girls wait what
I am ago I'm a screaming go
alright bro yo I love having
Thanksgiving yeah nothing hey Zadro yeah
it was really guys we took that idea and
made it a reality that's what it's about
guys living life to the fullest every
day join the move make have yourself
some of the hottest words in the game
blackout collection 30% off all my Jake
Pollard's out there guys I love you I'm
so thankful for you Happy Thanksgiving I
hope you had an amazing one with you and
your families and we are currently now
here in Seattle I don't know what's
about to go down tomorrow but subscribe
so you guys can keep up with my life on
a day-to-day basis and I will see you
tomorrow because it's everyday bro push
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
