it means actually that they're wanting
to come back and be friends again why
it's about to go down put your belt on
all right babe all right now if you're
watching this it's Thanksgiving but
today Nathan what it's your phone
instead of Thanksgiving it's a prank so
givi problem look at our tray let's get
started
that's time I threw one of you into the
pool you lost it eardrum now first of
all I want to say happy thanks giving
Jay Palmer's for yo right now making
phone calls because I'm trying to get a
turkey to come to the team den mansion
to put in the next room you got a turkey
nick is going to freak out bro well like
I said it's a pranks giving so you know
that I got a prank the team ton numbers
also the merge room it's 80% of the way
done but I'm gonna show it to you guys
I'm gonna do like kind of a big reveal
of it today in just a couple of seconds
this holiday season is my favorite time
of the year bro there are four people on
the way to the house right now and it
has been the longest amount of time
since I've hung out with them or seen
them or just hug them but guys I
actually missed them so much miss
hanging out with them y'all probably
miss them too okay who are you talking
about who's on their way right now
it's the dobre brothers and it's a
little bit weird guys because like the
dobre twins never really left team 10
they kind of did they kind of didn't
there was like so much drama involved
with twins that's all I'll say
well they kind of just like went off to
do their own thing in Maryland and they
just recently moved back to Los Angeles
and now they're coming to the team ten
house guys I want to convince them to
like live here hey big the don't worry
twins live at the new team tenth house
full I truly do miss them like I still
consider us best friends I love the
whole dobre family it's our culprit
in his room looking he doesn't know it's
about to go down go in no good thing
going to my thrift store and get a brand
new one for 35% off carried away there
and I'm sorry about that you know my am
I'm high-energy but I'm actually not
joking guys will talk about the sale in
a second right now I'm just still just
reminiscing over the what happened
yesterday guys yesterday was so much fun
I'm still just reminiscing over what
happened Frankie Logan twice in one day
like yeah let's do a baby join the
strongest team on YouTube not subscribe
bye
I'm sorry Logan but I had to do it but
y'all aren't caught up to speed just yet
last night we were filming a music video
for our album that's coming out December
1st always blood we were filming the
music video for one of the songs and had
to expose Logan so not only did I prank
Logan two times yesterday but I also had
to expose them and I got it on camera
roll the clip Eli is my new assistant
sorry Logan she betrayed you
a lot can you grab that Bush or
something yeah no what was it like
working with Logan Paul jpz is Kong
actually a girl rumor is that that's not
true because Ayla my new assistant I
don't know I'm just kidding guys
she's she's not my assistant but she is
in the music video and speaking of music
videos but every day bro remix music
video dropped yesterday and it's killing
you
my mother favorite music video yes sleep
when I'm dead 20 under 20 so they said
and if you haven't seen it already what
are you doing bro but I can't blame
Paulo for biting the merch I mean it's
the hottest marks in the game they
selling like a god Church we can't keep
the status sweatshirts in stock guys
it's like we've sold merchants 180
countries now one celebrity not one
youtuber ever has built a merch store
inside of their own damn house bro but
I'm so excited to actually show it to
you we worked so hard on making this
merchandise and I hope you guys enjoy it
starting off right into it guys you'll
notice these mannequins right you'll
notice this but what's more important is
what they're wearing they are wearing
the new black out collections we took
all of the merch and blacked it out and
the reason why guys because it's
tomorrow and everything right now is on
sale these are out the whole black
collection is out right now and it's 35
percent off we've never done a sale this
big and I don't know if we'll ever do it
as you can tell I'm excited easily the
coolest sweatshirt that we've made yet
and it's 35 percent off it's the all
black status sweatshirt guys and the
rest of your favorite merchandise
products are also all blacked out right
now I'm freaking out
35% 35% of 35
but seriously if you guys haven't gotten
merch at the blackout collection is my
favorite one that we've ever done so far
you can wear this with anything and it's
35 percent off if you have been holding
out now is your time mom dad Jake Paul
or whoever's watching this it is your
time and the sale is going all the way
through Cyber Monday y'all have 5 days I
did bad for this 35 percent off sale to
me guys this merch is a movement it's
like style fashion getting better every
day bro like that's what it really means
it's not just some piece of clothing bro
it's a mullet so go right now while you
can guys because it's 35 percent off
across the whole entire site and things
are gonna run out of stock like that so
hurry up get it right now and yo I've
been teasing you it's time for the merch
room tour the first thing you'll notice
is the open sign guys the Jaypee merch
store sign because we had to stop on
them haters bro it and then we go inside
the store and what's crazy about this
guys is it legitimately feels like a
store we got JP sticker benches we got
mannequins bro clothes hanging from the
ceiling we got the beanies all lined up
which are now available Lincoln my Ohana
35% off it legitimately has a golden
counter like our counter is golden well
because the counter has to match the
sales and they're going blue seats to
sit on while you're trying on the
merchandise we've got a fan joy Co
backslash Jake plug the inside we got
link in biocide socks lined up so
perfectly that just makes you wanna buy
some I want to buy my own merch and I
get it for free and then you notice the
ceiling you'll notice a very ripped Jake
Paul with a Gucci gun
Apolo by my side and then you'll notice
this giant vlog camera and then we got
Erica the beauty in the corner holding
it down with the Gucci snake Armani
follow him that is
party that's not fucking boring we got
CEO Chris rest in a jigsaw hi nice shirt
touching fingers with Nick Crumpton in
the pink jake paul sweatshirt and then
we come over we got brother logan paul
looking like a beautiful baby and then
we have our center table where
everything is like laid out all nice and
and beautiful like this merch store is
absolutely amazing guys and uh yo oh my
gosh I almost forgot one thing I think
the Dover twins are here and you guys
don't forget that that Turkey is still
on the way it's a prank
y'all gotta check out these backpacks yo
look at these backpacks that we just
came out with they're all part of the
blackout collection yells they are also
35% off that joy code backslash eight
ball we're doing it so big man this is
kind of like a big moment from I haven't
seen like people who are like best
friends to me in a while and we've had
like so many amazing memories together
and it's gonna be feel so good to be
reunited
we've had amazing memories together guys
ah and it's like crazy because this
year's so many uh
I'm being soft but let me this year so
many of my friends and my family family
however they hurt me ah it means a lot
actually that they're wanting to come
back and be friends again I hear their
cars pulling it I'm coming I wasn't
crying yeah no I'm good bro Apollo
they're here buddy
dobri twins hey we're unite and it feels
so good house guys there's extra room
with you if there's bedrooms and stuff
Oh Black Friday March enjoy that go back
let Jake know how to do a backflip Oh
y'all be good just crying in my
bathrooms and stuff I wasn't crying we
should do the try human thing Jay Paul's
let me explain to you we used to do this
thing called try human just rolled up
alright y'all saw the try human I mean
too much Taco Bell damn dude I miss that
man I miss them do you like the house
right yeah it goes a lot of room inside
I mean I'm not saying you guys have to
move in what is that what you were
thinking oh they thought I was trying to
get them to move in no no I wasn't
either cars though y'all made it
hmm girl went from Cleveland to
Calabasas since they've never been here
I'm gonna give them a little bit of a
tour of the new team ten house it's a
lot better than the old one the old one
ratchet we actually just got this new
piece of furniture guys Jake ballers you
haven't even seen this yet but yo I know
you like to do head spins okay guys this
is the merch room the Black Friday merch
just came out 35% off the whole entire
store if you guys want to shop I'll be
the register I'll check you up at the
counter here if you guys put a shop hey
that's my man
we're just doing the tour I have one
more thing to show you guys I honestly
don't even know who that is
well it's Thanksgiving so you know that
maybe they need a place to stay
come on down I know you guys like gyms
they really like gyms you fell on
purpose
come on I got my youtuber now man I know
it's funny I know comedy movie click
face don't worry twins broke their neck
at the nudie Benno's now I'm just saying
this is a room here and it's empty so
I'm sorry Jake Jake we're not moving in
you keep asking us I never I just oh no
I'm just saying this room is empty in
like yeah we look like a piano
suggestions on what to put in there I
mean I wasn't implying that you I mean
you guys could move in there chad is
currently sleeping here there's a lot of
room back there for something to happen
let's keep going brothers
I'm talking about that moving in okay
kind of we were kind of talking but it
was like a it was a good kind of
conversation did you guys see Nick and
it's been like a year I don't know why
that's the Crompton don't forget about
pranks giving guys I got the turkey
coming I'm gonna put out his face garage
I know you guys have a bunch of cars so
if you ever moving or come over you
could park them in the crop Jake
father's I don't even think you guys
have seen this it's our guest room look
at that bro tell me that's not lit
you're more than welcome and since were
United family reunions all they do is
take pictures so we got to take over
United picture you guys ready easily the
sickest reunited photo I've ever seen in
my life yo look at these cars right now
bro mom but it's been real guys and the
turkey is almost here so nice it was
awesome hanging out we'll try you will
try human again another day and only
later what do you say I don't know why I
keep saying that
oh no yeah big house no I don't know
what we did cuz I was in here fuck but
it was fun it was fun like I said guys
we had a special guest come on just
saying bye guys
until next time you can move in guys are
moving in moving in yeah they said so
you weren't going through the through
the wall and don't think we forgot about
pranks different mom or there's a human
inside of this right and guys I told
chance and Anthony to come downstairs
and I'm gonna have him stand here for a
picture and we're gonna see what goes
down and also the turkey is you guys the
turkey is in this truck right here we're
doing it we're doing it with all the
Christmas decorations
where's chance maybe you got it yeah I
got it no but it's gonna get better
there's a turkey in here right now we're
gonna put it in ich service
all right so I put the dirty there's a
GoPro we inside that Nathan but earlier
I wonder what mr. turkey is doing
he's so strong I think plum this far
ahead
Jake toilets I want to say Happy
Thanksgiving
we got our new mr. turkey here oh you
have to go back to the rental place but
for the meantime is gonna chill with
Nick if you haven't already gone to the
website guys now is your time 35 percent
on Black Friday more just look at how
dope that drop is bro you have five days
to activate on the sale guys Christmas
Mart to put a spark for your Christmas
whatever you gonna do join the movement
every day bro getting better every day
smiling every day thank guys we gotta
get it's every day bro remix to number
one on iTunes so go to the link in the
description get yourself the song it's
everyday going on right now and guys
dynamite Dillon just posted a video of
the making of my Lamborghini guys and so
if you want to see the behind the scenes
go to the link in the description and
guys honest Thanksgiving I just want to
say I'm so thankful for you guys as Jake
Pollard's thankful for everyone 19:10 my
family parents have given me an amazing
life and without you guys I would be
nowhere so thank you guys so much and if
you want already a part of the family
smash that subscribe button right now to
join you to cut yourself some of the
merch before it runs out and I will see
y'all tomorrow because it's everyday
broke
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
