actually touching yeah
okay boys you ready are you good morning
Mayo sleep
every day every day all my life fire
good morning Jake Pollard's what's kuchi
and I'll answer that question for you my
song with gucci mane is Gucci hole baby
put your vlog belts on welcome to my
life if you are new your um Jake Paul
you guys are the Jake Pollard's and it's
lit every single day bro today is a day
of revenge today is a day of music today
is a day of cars but more importantly
it's another day on this vlog channel
with my homies I see y'all at home on
your computer screen right now I see
y'all I love spending time with y'all yo
this song already came out guys
but the music video is coming out in a
couple of hours I suggest you go to
iTunes right now Spotify and get the
song and watch the music video when it
comes out in a couple of hours damn and
also since we are starting the day off
who's the kid from behind I won't start
off with a little bit of knowledge kind
of random kinda has nothing to do with
anything is very important a wise man
once told me money can't buy you
happiness fact however I'd rather cry in
a Tesla than in a Prius
thank you so much good morning Jake
Paulus how you doing that's some house
drop on your baby that's some knowledge
up on ya first on the list however
though actually two things cars and
revenge oh baby do I love me some
yesterday brother Logan haha he comes to
my house comes into my brand new merch
room that we custom-made with our bare
hands and he decides to get the painters
to paint his baby face on my flippin
wall bro
not cool but Jake Pollard's uh y'all
know we never take else they want to
mess with our merch store bro they want
to mess with Android that Kovaks less
Jake Paul Spanish sweatshirts all day
honey no roll guys I have been plotting
this revenge right now and not only are
we gonna get revenge but we're gonna get
payback because revenge gets you even
payback takes it to another level I'm
sorry Logan oh here is a little hint
about what is going oh wait do you guys
recognize this vehicle this is my
brother Logan Dodge Challenger and right
now it is we are at West Coast Customs
with my boy dynamite Dylan so I was
texting Dylan last night and I was like
yo what time can I come in tomorrow to
pick up my Lamborghini which which I
haven't seen it wrong I have not looked
this way look I'm still not looking but
Dylan customized my Lamborghini as you
guys know he also scratched it for the
first time ever I also drove yeah what
getting to the point they they
customized my Lamborghini with some new
stuff that you guys haven't seen which
we are about to reveal to y'all however
ever it was like yo I saw the video
where Logan painted the baby face on
your wall and you were like yo I'm
strong this is the perfect opportunity
to get Logan back and Logan is about to
be here to come pick up this car like
except when you mess with the pool you
get the but this is the perfect
opportunity to put myself on Logan's car
and watch him freak out because he's
gonna be pissed and I'm gonna laugh and
also kind of feel guilty but mostly
laugh but mostly laugh cuz this come
Logan's gonna be pissed I mean I can
only imagine how pissed I would be if I
came to pick up my car and his face was
on it so we're about to put this on his
car it's me you put this dog thing I
don't know what it is but it's kind of
lit so that is going to be my revenge on
Logan but we also have some payback
ideas because you got to take it to the
next level and keep the prank wars going
I initiated prank wars he accepted it
it's gone but without any further ado it
is time for me to look at what they did
to the Lambo yo so we put the names and
three names in your name the names of
the fans the logo on the roof and on the
gas cap we changed the color of the back
right so uh yo the logo on top hello yo
i missed my baby sandwich came up with
her name with your baby we came over the
names of our fire fire smart fire yeah
cuz some people have called me smurf
because blue haired flame it's fire
smart fire this is my guy look at the
back is so much cooler now the west
coast got the other JP logo on the gas
tank you know I'm kind of nervous to
look at the inside but yo I'm freaking
out about this name Smurf fire like we
got to make a dope Tyler card for it now
on this is Smurf fire and yo that is
hard and then yo the fans names this is
the move guys once again Hudson
Underwood
Jesse Moore Tyler get jet ski I still
don't know how to say your last name
thank y'all so much for entering into
the merch contest guys we're gonna be
doing a lot more coming now so don't
miss those but how sick are those names
right there
they're like perfectly on camera
whenever we're gonna be vlogging inside
of the whips more fire is lookin hey bro
I do not know how this car is even in
one piece right now I'm just that good
don't need no drivers test it's just
there no training no nothing I'm just
the best driver there's got Smurf fire
back I'm stoked guys you know how much I
love cars and how much they mean to me
but now it is time to get revenge I
think they're printing up this sticker
right now who's gonna be first but I
don't get it because like I think Logan
thinks that he's able to prank me but
I'm not able to prank him like he gets
butthurt so it's could cause some drama
I don't know yeah revenge is so sweet
who is that sexy beast does anyone know
how long until he's here 10 minutes 10
minutes
and we're gonna leave one easter egg you
know because sometimes I like to do
things off of camera - he's gonna find
this one later when he rolls the window
up you see him yeah the Yeti is here
guys
Frank Wars is back let's go hide
upstairs all right this is our hiding
spot I think they're gonna come around
from over here and walk up they're gonna
take the cover off of the car and we're
still hiding in the quarter nations
gonna stay here with the camera and I'm
gonna go inside of the car with my
iPhone
okay
Oh
I started coming what did you do this is
the Sun tears all villains idea how to
get you back a little bit how to get you
back it's like I'm driving look alright
guys I don't think he's that salty but
that was a good of a revenge it was a
good warm-up one for the Jake Palmer's
one for the low game it's a tie game
baby whoa I'm about to take out Logan
but once again look at this guy's
apparently this car is for his
merchandise drop wait did we do that oh
yeah we did with the rainbow merch it's
just a constant flow copy and bro but
it's all good because you know that's my
brother however before we leave I do
have to WWE the top of his car
okay the team ten house guys and as
promised it's time for payback so Logan
comes in paints my house I put baby Jake
on his car high score now I'm painting
his house Armani has traded sides and is
the mission under way I'm gonna stay in
touch with you you're gonna be my inside
look out I'm gonna text you when I'm at
the house and we're gonna have to sneak
in okay I'm getting painted down Logan's
please get the chick with dick Shea out
of my house bro it is really cute it is
really cute please get up now and the
only this doesn't go as horribly as
yesterday I think it's just us Andy I
think it's just us can anyone help
there's like 900 people here on a
day-to-day basis Bob Jensen Anthony
Apollo well looks like it's just us Andy
change shape we're all by ourselves and
they don't worry baby we have a home
worried nd we have an old Italian
tradition when you place the onion in
the passenger seat
it's a good luck man
onion yeah all right all right I would
just go for it at this point Nick watch
out I'm not looking go yeah so go
outside of my house anyways guys time
you pay back one hour later there's a
long story honey what the
hey back Jake polish - oh dang what did
you really go through a wall okay yeah
cool honey cool dude that normal people
do that all right someone's got to go
get him and like we have to set up the
camera to react to it um dad my knees
about to go get Logan it's about to go
down
yeah just a little younger love you bro
facial hooking me up with Jake it's all
to come before this is cool you haven't
already got my favorite hoodie in the
game status right sir all right now fan
joy back so that's jake paltrow in the
double-double and we're just gonna get
let's go who's out here now look twice
in one day actually love it like bro
honest honest I'm a mad zero know what
I'm keeping it bro you're my brother
look at the university too like bro I
love it I love it
do it well welcome to the gym bro come
over now you put it's dope so you gotta
do it you want to be the baby in my
house keep me bro I will keep you keep
back up we do hugging there yeah it was
a successful day of prank wars we killed
the game guys join the J Paulo family
cut yourself a status Russia right now
link is in the description make sure
y'all check out every day bro music
video coming out in a little bit you're
not ready
join the Jay Paul the team smash that
subscribe button I will seal mom because
it's everyday bro peace
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is going to give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
