morning Jake
my boys another day another dollar one
is going not party are you doing
anything you're looking good you sexy
beast
put your long belts on party people
because it's about to go down
Oh seriously though guys put your
flogged belts on if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul you guys are the Jake parlours
and it is lit every single day right so
now y'all are part of this journey of my
life we're making power moves I'm
starting to get like super super nervous
a little bit scared guys
Eddie do you know why I'm scared bro
yeah why my song with gucci mane comes
out tomorrow I'm nervous man I'm
freaking out
however guys like I said it is going to
be an awesome day I hope you guys are
smiling I hope you're working hard I
hope you're dabbing on the mater so much
has already gone down guys we are in
Miami obviously doing the whole NASCAR
stuff
and then this morning before I even knew
it I was like still half asleep I'm
still half asleep damn it we just got
alright we just got off a really long
flight and so I was sleeping on the
flight before I even knew at TMZ comes
and hits you boy paparazzi style out of
nowhere and that was like yo I'm
vlogging here watch out so you just go
to seven million dollar house yeah
that is insane bro do me like actor or
some some TV host or yeah I want to be
the I want to be the first social media
billionaire I wouldn't doubt you doing
it more I'm going to and there has been
so much going down recently in the past
couple of days that I actually forgot
about this concert that we went to
finally go down at a concert Miami marks
in the house the game boy had a face
down my mom cuz my mom is a big fan and
thinks he's sexy and my mom like 3,000 I
was pretty cool good morning pastor p.m.
stirs hello Martin I met him bro all
right yeah we're your pretty salty huh
well turn that frown upside down because
it is a wonderful day hello he's been
salty because he lost his wallet but
it's fine I lost all my friends Eddie
here's what we're gonna have to do okay
as you can see there's jets back here
look come look please don't make them be
stealth buddy
there's jets back you know guys we got a
private jet for the day except we don't
need to go anywhere we just need a film
a music video however you're not allowed
to film on the airstrip so we're gonna
have to go in there get the music video
shot I'm flying out and then Eddie is
gonna be our getaway driver isn't that
right Eddie yes
hashtag gucci mane music video mission
oh they're not ready
that would be ready at one o'clock oh
man
yo I told you this was going to get
intense people we need you then they
explain it like it's not just hand
filming whatever he's gonna fill them
and then that's it they they're talking
about fake production and all these
people I'm like no no oh yeah you can
get onto the rap I'll let you guys out
ha ha ha
we're doing this Eddie yes yo what I
just got a notification that Logan is at
the team tent house
you know what's going on all right so
now if three stealth Nathan okay keep on
recording buddy
a few moments later it's quite good
I think we're getting away with it miss
Savage I still don't know why Logan's at
my house stuff run Allan later we're
shooting this I'm out of breath we're
going so hard we have yet to get kicked
out you are ready for this music video
guys Gucci Mane take pump ed we gotta go
whatever you do we got a drive right now
bro Logan's at my house we just killed
that music video what are you doing both
back at the team Tanner house Eddie you
did so good I love you man my god well I
may or may not have gotten a text that
said Logan's face is painted on your
wall oh honey did you know I don't know
about this why are you here I'm just out
here permanently
okay doh hey bro I was gonna paint stuff
first we paint then we party guys do you
think he's up to something
team Jen I'm back bro you with that much
on yourself a status sweatshirt okay did
you see the cinquecento this Shawanna
he texted me and he said that you and
him were in there last night painting
his face on my wall why would anyone
want my face anyway bro look at me what
if we make a video where we only talk
about Jake and we put Jake Paul in the
title bro
its views bro bro I've been doing it
imagine the Adsense and I'm just doing
one of them autumn our Rolex Audemars
only bro Apple watch no Amarna come on
bro digi who who are you
all these JP merch store hello oh my god
it's open oh that's a baby
that's a vlog camera that's Erica with
the Gucci snake cos hashtag Jake the
snake and hashtag Erica snake CEO Chris
a fan joy Nick Crumpton oh oh my god oh
this is actually dope thank you bro like
this yeah yeah why are these spaces
cover here
why is he blogging it
who let this happen I'm your brother
and I want to be your brother in baby 4
so I painted myself as a baby dude if
you want to be I know you want to be a
part of my March you know like I know
you like my merch more than you like
yours that's why you want to be in the
merch store bro why would you let this
happen I have one thing this is where it
gets interesting I'll leave your baby
face you are pretty cute thank you I'll
leave your baby face in there if you get
on the song jingle pulse for the
Christmas album coming out December 1st
here's the deal jingle balls it's a good
deal what are you doing Logan I'm
thinking here's the deal about their
song Jake I get you're making a
Christmas song so am I so what does that
put us bro I'm making six Christmas
songs and you could be a feature on one
of them bro yeah you know slim-jim you
sure yeah
raishin words on the album Nick
Crompton's on it just something else you
should see I think who led them in here
about the therapy
you can run but you can't hide ok I'll
see you later
yeah when you see me I'm gonna be
painted on your wall is this the
position you guys used seconds lay down
oh I can't handle this bro I'm running
away again
look at that jingle balls that's the
music video right there on a real note
right now please no one pushed me over
there's a bunch of truck I was literally
the next thing I was gonna do was push
him over how is he gonna do it I'm not
gonna do it if you push me over if
there's noise going into my eyebrows oh
you're gonna be on jingle balls I got an
idea bro okay I need to look at the
camera in the face if this video gets 1
million likes I'll do your stupid song
it's not stupid it's not it's Mamma Mia
your smash go smash to like mine I'm
also gonna follow some of you guys on
Twitter if you like this right now also
I do need to bring something up I need
to bring this up bro right now in front
of everybody everyone including um
Armani bro how come you can prank me but
I can't prank you because you always get
butthurt when I thank you my prayers are
harmless my pranks are harmless to put
hairspray on your butthole buddy like
actually blaming me if the paint was
like Jim
alright well prank wars is on oh great
I'm gonna go grab a thumbnail so I have
to go to his house to do touch-ups cuz
like we put the mirror up and some of
the tagging stuff that we did uh still
there so there's an opportunity you're
evil you're the you're the one that's
causing all these problems so you're
saying that we're gonna put my face on
as well I'm saying we gotta cook up a
plan and stay out okay we joke around
about it guys Logan and I have messed
around fight back and forth all the time
but you know what any day we're brothers
and family comes together however this
video does need to get a million likes
and he's gonna be on the Songhai so
smash that like fine right now I'm
sending five of you guys merch if you
like this we still have a lot to do oh
my job but guys my apologies because as
soon as I got home I immediately got
sucked into Logan Paul but y'all can we
take a second to appreciate actually how
we have our own merch store inside of
the team tent house and it guys is open
if you haven't already cut yourself my
favorite question on the game status
right sure Christmas merch is available
you already know however this is Jay
Paul manikin right there oh look at
never did I ever think that I was gonna
have my own merch store again but before
we go any further guys I have to take
care of something looking I love my
brother I said this is just
disrespectful in my own house and I
think this videos going to get a million
likes but he still might not do the song
like we all know Logan and I think
another one of the reasons I why he
won't do the song is because he knows
I'm doing a bunch of Christmas songs and
he just told me that he's doing one
which is like super interesting because
he like copies everything I do and
always has I all of a sudden blog about
making a Christmas album and then a
couple days later he's making a
Christmas song he's literally at the
studio right now that's a fact and I
would not be surprised if you know he
copied our merch store just wait on that
one just the jig colors in evade the
game and so people have to copy us I
understand it if Logan doesn't do this
song I'll peel the sticker off however
in the meantime yeah watch what we're
doing he's gonna copy us bro
and Logan I know you're watching this
because you're a jake baller if you
wanna do the song I'll hear it off and
you can be on my wall I see two corners
and I don't see Chancellor Anthony up
here yeah why is it chance and I also
think we should add in him a holding
like a Jake Paul sweatshirt watch this
is just a preview oh yeah we're gonna
paint that for sure you don't even need
both corners just put us together
Nick bro look at this I don't know why
I'm freaking Lots like everyone else's
don't know what do you know the gold
counter is gonna be putting a fan joy
back hold back slash Jake Paul we have
its little Honda neon sign with our link
in this to enjoy dogs you have one last
chance
and like there's like oh Aaron was Erica
right there can we put our merch in here
since it says Jake Paul store our merch
still going here right yeah yeah and
then you see though you're like if you
look really closely guys you'll see that
Chris the CEO fan joy I mean this is
like this is basically like a real-life
Android store he has a tie-dye
sweatshirt of Jake Paul covering his
private parts and sheds and they will
talk I'll wait on that however people
don't forget that I forgot that we start
to shoot this music video for the song
that's coming out tomorrow with gucci
mane there's a lot going on and since we
are back at the team ten house we need
more furniture and more importantly we
need more furniture and so and he
thought it was a good idea to put the
cinque dick shade the Cinquecento
Cinquecento and we thought it would be a
good idea to put it inside the team ten
house there's a will there's a way
Shane is legit Rob yeah yeah we need
some more support more cushion I don't
really think this is gonna work I'm just
gonna send this okay cool
let's go
hey got that straight buzz and take
selfies but every day
yo funny joke hey you almost not know
swords they were so worthless
yo Jane I gotta go home oh how we gonna
get it out
I mean I guess we could put an extra
victory it's like saying I didn't bring
him their present this year correct I
think we need to leave it here at least
for a day but now it's music video time
in three two one hand
guys we're still out here grinding on
the music video Gucci Mane video and
song comes out tomorrow already cries be
ready beat run guys if you haven't
already got my favorite sweatshirt in
the game kappa status sweatshirt right
now look at that baby i want to give a
shout out to three merch buyers from
yesterday guys you guys are awesome
thank you all so much for being jake
Pollard's Cyndi Perrine you rock Leslie
Walters you rock and Kansas killer you
most certainly Rock thank y'all for
being jake Pollard's they got status
sweatshirts guys we're hitting the
strongest team on YouTube match that
subscribe button
actually I'll see ya wait what it's
every day well peace
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
