check this thing out bro like this is
next level where people be mad if I
licked it
I may get banned from masks are possible
for us retain without Wonder Bread is
not only delicious it is also nutrition
it is a day of NASCAR thank you very
much and if you're new here I'm Jay Paul
this is a Chevy I like the thing a proud
sponsor Chevy and you guys are Jake paws
and it's what every single day well if
you guys are new here I'll take you guys
with the cheek taller sitting flip every
single day bro we got our NASCAR passes
so you know it's about to go down mine
says hot I told y'all it was gonna be
lit today I told y'all it's every single
and guys today it is about to go down
you already know so butch applause belts
on put your seat belts on y'all don't
even know what to expect I don't even
know what to expect right now we are at
the championship race for NASCAR where
are we going right now to the track to
the track Wow and once again guys I want
to thank all of our sponsors for making
this possible Ford
autozone access Taco Bell Domino's Pizza
Hut Wonder Bread Monster Energy redbull
and many other ones that we are
forgetting today it wouldn't be possible
without you guys so thank you so much
we're entering this beam right right now
and you know I got my Wonder Bread with
me so y'all just became Jake Pollard's
you're all along for the journey today
is going to be race history I mean just
look at this right now we have backstage
exclusive access
look at this bronze it's a checkered
flag who has checkered flag floors I
mean come on NASCAR you're killing the
game and this is the perfect time to
acknowledge our sponsor Mastercraft with
a new EcoBoost 400 engine guys this is
truly amazing tell you guys right now
not only do we want to go fast on the
track we want to go
on the water - and check this out guys
we are walking like by the track where
the teams are stationed it's like
straight from the movies they're all
dressed in the same outfits just working
on cars getting stuff ready yelling at
people and just seeing these semis
reminds me of yesterday's vlog and how I
actually put a Tesla semi for no reason
I don't know cuz I think you're not one
of our sponsors Gatorade for keeping us
hydrated we couldn't do without y'all
guys I mean just look at this right now
yo there's a whole stack of tires for
the actual race like right now if I had
a knife I could stab one of the tires
and sabotage the whole entire race
speaking of tires that's not gonna
happen with these big ears right here I
want to thank you do another one of our
sponsors yeah best tires we couldn't do
without y'all I know real note though
guys this is the championship race like
this is the biggest race of the year who
is going to become the champion and not
only that but it's Dale Earnhardt jr.
one of the legends of NASCAR it's his
last race guys but it also just so
happens to be Jake Paul Junior's first
race and just look at this we are behind
the scenes guys exclusive access like
I'm telling you the track is right here
I don't know how long until the race
starts but I can only imagine what it's
going to sound like hold on hold on I'm
gonna give my best NASCAR noise
impression
nailed it thank you we'll be in a
racecar I want to go fast Papa if that
doesn't sound exactly like NASCAR I
don't know what does thank you and I
think NASCAR is about to give us
exclusive access to go inside a pace car
around the track I'm not sure what to do
with my hands I don't know what's about
to go down but I do know that it
responsive everyone do press so thank
you so much Wonder Bread for being a
proud sponsor Wonder Bread get your head
in the game
chad is about to reenact the scene from
the legendary movie Talladega Nights
where he is on fire Jewish god have my
dog Drew's oh you just saw that clip now
chad is about to go for this I don't
think they like us he heard who said
that was absolutely amazing I'm so proud
of you I'm getting antsy guys I need the
space here we go Junior
nice to meet you too bro this is the
move are we going in the pace car yeah
bro I'm down for it my man Ryan here is
racing today correct yeah and we're
about to go around in the pace car how
fast we're about to go as fast as you
want
I want to go 200 we'll try our best to
get there let's go this is absolutely
insane we're getting all lap around the
track by an actual NASCAR driver this is
a little want to take this quick moment
to recognize one of our sponsors
Applebee's thank you that will be so
much
yeah
oh my god
oh my god we're like two feet away from
this pool right now Ryan Blaney oh god
no I can only imagine what it sounds
like from out there I was a little like
I said earlier the floor had never felt
so good thank you so much Applebee's
easily one of the craziest experiences
of my life guys iein had that need for
speed bro and what's crazy about this is
that if you crash all you have is these
tires locking you from this wall that's
why I like NASCAR crashes are absolutely
insane because people are just losing
like millions of dollars of cars and
engine and emotion all at once in these
crashes guys who knows what's about to
go down today also we talked about how I
introduced myself as jake plugs you're
new to an actual NASCAR driver and I
wouldn't officially beat Jake Paul jr.
if I didn't get myself some official
NASCAR Richard I know this is super you
know I didn't even realize well what
they sell Jake Paul merchandise here -
look at that bro that the status
Richards right there oh my god yo who
knew that they sell jake plummer NASCAR
and go check this out Dale Earnhardt jr.
'he's car guys he is a legend in this
game and we have the honor of being this
close to his car not only that but it's
his last race guys like this is a big
moment for him I can only imagine like
if I had my own car the jake paul jr car
like what would that look like it would
just be like Phandroid got coke stickers
all over it but guys this is like such
an awesome experience overall I'm havin
so much fun and I just want to go fast I
don't want to take this moment to say
I'm all jacked up on my own new baby
absolutely insane I'm in China NASCAR
right now everything is stripped out of
this car it is literally just metal
thank you so much Applebee's for making
this possibility I'm racing next year
I'm gonna win the championship you bet
your ass you won't believe what's
happening right now
I'm with Kyle weathermen he's a full-on
NASCAR driver he comes up to me and he
shows me this where am I gonna happen
next year he already marked up a design
we're already ready to put Jake Paul on
the hood and make this happen
and y'all probably thought that I forgot
that it was Sunday Funday absolutely not
baby my girl Emma here has take Gemma
you ship it okay Emma here is taking us
to go race go-karts why that is
alliteration and you all know there's
already so much going down that's a fun
time right there baby a little bit of
shake now just happen I'm feeling like
Jake Paul juniors coming alive way
excited I'm gonna go fast baby cuz all I
want to do is go fast baby and eat
Wonder Bread what else is there to do
and to spice things up a little bit we
brought in a professional driver Vaughn
Gittin jr. bro but you're going down
baby
cuz we got the shake and bake baby
talk about alliteration guys Sunday
Funday we're still out here doing NASCAR
big baby and they yell I took the W on
that one bro but guys we are about to do
the driver meeting before the race
starts but check out this trophy that
the drivers win this thing is giant bro
look good look good and check this thing
helpful like this is next level where
people be mad if I licked it
I might get banned from NASCAR forever
for doing this play I like so
I did it now what's on either grunt run
alright squad we're getting closer to
the race started we're doing an honorary
lap around the track before the race
starts guys
let's get this race started
alright guys so we're in the pace car
we're literally gonna be on the track
during the start of the race y'all
ramping it's action in the building
what's up was going I've never done
something like this in my life guys once
again I want to thank Wonder Bread oh my
god here we go
Wow slingshot engage old man it's about
to go down
the rage is about to start we're leading
the way here they come guys
and you're like oh my god here they got
they literally do this we're like 267
laps I believe and so it's a big game of
strategy
I think someone's tire flew off guys oh
yeah guys they're going in for the pit
stops have to change all four tires and
refuel in like less than 12 seconds it's
absolutely insane
Patrick just as we were following them
the 47 was right behind her racing
fairly hard AJ Allmendinger and there
you see the fire on the right side oh my
god one hour later
No
Victory's
guys that was absolutely insane
photo-finish there's no winner
just make it happen I can't believe it
I've wanted this since I was a little
kid and just never give up and never
give up on your dreams no matter what
happens what kind of crap you go through
I swear Jake Paul jr. was in there we
would have won I wonder what we're going
to Disneyland I wake up in the ball up
it's excellent with Jake Pollard's it
has been such an amazing day I want to
say thank you to NASCAR we're invited me
out here everyone giving me the time of
my life I love cars baby if you haven't
already capped yourself my favorite
sweatshirt in the game grab yourself a
standard so do you guys check them out
oh my god super join the Jay quality
smash the subscribe button
guys all black parts coming out with
Jake Wallace thank y'all so much for
watching I will see you tomorrow which
is everything No
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive marg exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
