heard me say I got a new vehicle guys oh
my gosh Jake's garage is growing huh
good morning good morning
well it's guru TJ colors as you sold
like the vlog just ended we're about to
start our next vlog because we have to
go somewhere right now literally the
grind doesn't stop so good morning Jake
Pollard's we're not even stopping the
vlog because we're that Savage if you're
new here I'm Jake Paul you guys are the
Jay Pollard's and it's lit every single
day but also put your vlog belts on
because it is about to go they'll flip
down but you're probably wondering why
we haven't gone to sleep yet what are
y'all doing and my answer to that is
guys it's a litmus okay you can't take
else we got stuff to do
wait if it was attitude man give me
attitude amount half anyways that's when
we pull why I'm asking a gym please yeah
no no I'm not gonna not shoot this so
it's kind of just awkward situation so
you've been warned talk about killing
vibes but guys I guess it really is a
litmus you know there's drama already
it's 2:00 a.m. people are getting pissed
at me in my own house but we don't let
our vibes Gabriel party people you know
how we do and the reason why we're out
here grinding is because we have to go
to the airport in like an hour
because we are going to me ma hello
Miami we are coming to you guys and it
is for a very special reason and that
reason is because NASCAR yo you're awake
now what's up buddy it's best your
bedtime you are 70 but it is past your
bedtime it's like 2:00 a.m. buddy what
are you doing oh he's vlogging my boys a
vlogger bro but like I said guys the
reason that we are going to me anymore
is because NASCAR invited us to their
last race of the year guys
the finale who is going to be the best
NASCAR driver I'm talking Dale Earnhardt
jr. I'm talking Jeff Gordon I'm talking
Ricky Bobby I'm talking sake Paul jr.
are you as excited as I am I know down
it's been a week of cars it's been so
much fun guys we've been doing donuts
we've been racing stuff we've been
scaring mini Jake Paul's were you scared
like did you know that was me or like
what was your logic there hmm
so we were scared of the graph okay he
was scared of grandma Paul which I would
be too oh we all know what happened last
time you got rambunctious no it is
really broken before we go to Miami I
want to give you all an update on my
life on the team ten house the same
people painted Logan's Jim are painting
our merch store guys house you guys know
this is going to be a merch store like a
legitimate store bro and they're
starting on the ceiling first guys it's
gonna be like a big like I'm gonna wait
I'm gonna have you guys wait to see what
it's going to be what the team tent
house is starting to come together one
piece at a time and speaking of one
piece at a time guys I'm gonna give you
one update at a time Chad is going with
us to Miami and another update the boys
are out here gave me yo Jimmy finish the
music video he's like yo I'm in the game
session with the champions and the last
update guys is that Constantine my buddy
here we love you but he's got to go it's
such an emotional moment he's such a
good guy
and speaking of good guys this Wonder
Bread is so damn delicious and it's only
$19.99 at your local store I'm getting
myself in the zone of NASCAR Wonder
Bread coca-cola Dale Earnhardt jr. is
Jake Paul George Ricky Bobby I'm not
sure what to do with my hands be like I
said you all better get yourself in the
NASCAR zone and what I'm talking about
zones I'm talking about getting yourself
into a local autozone store today so you
can get yourself a new car battery Ricky
Bobby I want the real fast
so guys once again put your vlog belts
on you are here for the journey and
without any further ado let's flip it do
that dang rock in Miami party people
we're here still haven't slept still on
this crazy mission Chad woke up and is
here with us and you know that we had to
fill up on KFC before we got started in
today's vlog it's finger looking good
and I'd also like to thank our other
sponsors Wonder Bread and autozone I
love that scarf a little bit of shake
I'm so ready to NASCAR I want to go fast
first you're last he's good
we're all jacked up a mountain dew
Mountain Dew if you're not first you're
last but yo Jake Pollard you here I'm
here and I'm all jacked up on my own do
I'm eating KFC Wonder Bread autozone
everything go fast I told y'all it's
going down this week he's gonna be me
right in there I'm gonna go so dang fast
you're not even gonna see me actually
guys I think this is like the biggest
race of the year and so we have to
prepare there's no better way to prepare
then to whittlin uber as fast as you can
and I'd also like to take this moment to
recognize our crowd sponsor uber let's
go places
I think that's Toyota damaged we're here
with Julian row I need to drive this car
please
you know they call me Jake Paul jr. so
what does your daughter do when she gets
home from school watch your show what
show
as bark not anymore I have really soft
hair yes you do I'd like to thank our
sponsors axe the smoothest and best said
to gel out their axe for a limited time
only
I thought the race was today well I
guess it doesn't matter because we're
here I guess the only thing we're gonna
be able to do is like watch Netflix
which is another one of our sponsors
Netflix what else are you gonna watch
and chill and we wouldn't be able to
film this vlog if it weren't for sony
sony where the cameras are incredible of
another one of our sponsors fan joy co
home of the greatest merchandise in the
world link in the description anywho oh
gosh oh my gosh
Julian you're driving like a maniac I
know it's NASCAR weekend the tale Julian
but we do have a problem and the problem
is is that now we're in Miami and we
don't know what to do team 10 takes
Miami team 10 is taking Miami my boy
Michael from the lowest hotel is hooking
us up I want to say thank you to the
Loews Hotel for being another one of our
proud sponsors where the beds are comfy
the views are even nicer he has to be
how many room cards I wanted I said nine
however we couldn't have taken Miami
without a beautiful room to stay and
thank you love's hotel once again
sweet baby Jesus God is good oh my gosh
yo I told you we made it NASCAR Jake
Paul I bet you there's a ton of Wonder
Bread in here we're gonna have so much
fun once again I'd like to thank our
sponsors NASCAR for and - ah here it for
this trip you know Monster Energy as
well Monster Energy thank you so much -
yeah you did mess up though cuz we
thought the race was today so now what
do we do hey man we are taking Miami
Chad wants a red speedo yeah yeah
Oh sputters Keurig oh I love those
things they make the perfect coffee all
you gotta do is put it in a coffee cup
and press here oh you guys need to chill
don't see your good for is a hot mom
that's it the only thing you're good for
is nodding yourself just what I'm gonna
come at you like a spider monkey like a
spider don't tell me I need a chill okay
oh I don't know
Jake Paul's best friend chat ever beats
up 15 year old we're taking Miami but
Justin I know you dude are you still
dating your girlfriend yeah I am that's
still happenin hashtag couple girl my
boys the coolest fifteen-year-old in the
world and I know there's a touchy
subject for you but it's Anthony still
still actually dating your mom I don't
know I hope not
it is pretty creepy oh speaking of hot
hot pocket two minutes in two minutes
out and we should also give manager
Kevin big round of applause thank you
thank you so much guys that whole job it
is going down the NASCAR f-series
homestead championship weekend challenge
the race is about to go down guys I'm
actually like super stoked all jokes
aside but I do want to thank our
sponsorship Ford for allowing us to be
able to do this and giving us the
pleasure built Ford Tough
and since team 10 is here and we are in
Miami and it is a Saturday night what
you doing this Saturday night turn in my
salad
this guy's team ten is about to take my
actually you know what you've done is
over guys I'm ending team ten actually
like right now brothers honestly still
like wig juice in my hair from yesterday
team ten is never over you know why is
210 is in your heart however I told
y'all we were taking Miami oh look at
this right now
it's so bootiful man and speaking of
beautiful guys I got myself a brand new
beautiful car slash vehicle slash truck
I'm gonna explain it in a second but
like I actually bought a brand new
vehicle which I need to talk about with
you guys I don't know if you can see
this cruise ship over there but I wanna
thank another one of our sponsors Royal
Caribbean where cruises meet bruises and
it's all-you-can-eat buffet Thank You
royal caribbean and Wonder Bread
autozone netflix harley-davidson Taco
Bell Domino's Pizza Hut KFC literally
we're just losing money we're getting
Pedro all their logos are on my damn
card and so his daughter man are you
here for the people and guys we still
haven't slept we're still out here
grinding straight from the music video
last night which is gonna be fired
December 1st always plug dad what you
heard me say I got a new vehicle guys oh
my gosh
Jake's garage is growing so I leave this
on my Instagram story the other night
and if you don't follow me on instagram
already follow me at Jake Paul I'm gonna
be liking somebody eise's pictures and a
lot of you probably are gonna be like
super confused as to why I got
but it is the best thing I could have
ever bought in my life so the other
night Tesla has this like unveiling
party of their new like vehicles and in
that unveiling one of the things that
they unveiled was a semi I was like yo I
saw this semi and it is the most dope
thing I've ever seen and I'm not talking
about like the semi with the trailer I'm
talking like take the trailer off and
just have the semi like look how sick
that stuff was man this semi goes 0 to
60 in 5 seconds to put that in
perspective like no like regular cars do
that so this semi is faster than a
normal car but it's a semi it's giant
and like the all black one is so cool it
is the coolest thing in the world so
most people like pull up oh I got a
Ferrari if you pull up in a semi a Tesla
semi that's just like absolutely silent
no one has that and like the windshield
it's like honestly it's a cool one of
the coolest things I've ever seen
so I called my accountants I was like yo
we're pre-ordering the semi right now
they basically they pre-ordered it and
I'll have to wait two years for it to
come but like talk about litmus I feel
like one day we'll put a trailer on it
and just like you could race cars I can
pull the Lambo and give me a truck
driver and like guys my teachers always
said I would be a truck driver if
YouTube doesn't work out now I'm an
Altima truck driver for us a nice backup
Lou's hangin bro he's everyone leave is
he now just a hug job the other radios
when I saw it I was like yo I gotta have
that and that's what I did I picture
myself driving out already like look at
that a good friend Thomas made that for
me I can just see myself in that so much
just going zero to 60 in five seconds
silently that's faster than most sports
cars and that's with the trailer so we
can take the trailer off it's like four
seconds and I'm gonna fill it up with
merch in the back maybe one day and like
the hand-deliver merch to a ton of fans
houses I don't know like I own a semi I
can do whatever I want
I want to thank our sponsor just Louis
hotels it's okay the Wonder Bread
sponsorship will pay for but I do have
to wait two years for this truck to call
me anything worth waiting for is worth
having
raishin Elon Musk said it could be like
from 200,000 to like 600,000 so like I
haven't said the price yet so guys there
you have it I bought a semi and I need
to go to sleep because I'm delirious I
really don't even think I can't even see
like where's the camera where is it I
don't know and if you haven't already
gotten my favorite sweatshirt in the
game guys get yourself a status hoodie
baby oh my god they're so far I mean hey
guys I know how did you ask your parents
for mercy
I always wanted to make a video like for
the parents that you guys can show them
so show this to your parents right now
hello mr. or mrs. blah blah blah if
you're watching this you know your son
or daughter is a fan he or she is a Jake
Poehler they want to become a part of
this movement see it's not just a piece
of clothing that they're wearing it's a
movement about becoming better every day
working hard every day smiling every day
and so this piece of clothing that
they're gonna get from you mr. mrs. blah
blah blah is gonna remind them to work
hard every day to smile every day to
chase their dreams their goals ambitions
and be a part of this amazing family
which is called the Jacob Pollard's so
parents do your kid a favor and go to
the link in the description Phandroid
echo backslash Jake Paul cut them the
status sweatshirt you already know dad
join the strongest team on YouTube smash
that subscribe button Jake Pollard's
thank y'all so much for watching
tomorrow is when the race goes down guys
NASCAR I'm excited who's excited yeah we
are and I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's everyday bro
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on a daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
