reloading pen for reloading
I'll see you Santa oh good morning Jake
Pollard's good today is the day let me
tell you how many people there are it is
my big day come on am I gonna break this
are you mad at me if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul this is the team ten house you
guys are the Jay polishers in this vlog
channel gets lit every single day I feel
the heat Sonny's bringing the heat baby
you know it's about to go down today
when there's dozens and dozens of people
at the team ten house and you also know
what's about to go down when Sonny is
here because when she's here everything
just gets sunny so party people put your
vlog belts on man get ready to have on
them haters get ready to keep on smiling
get ready to work hard how would you say
get ready for the madness in general
because this channel does not move down
I made a song with Jimmy from Ray
Shermer the song is called littmus I'm
not playing games okay look at this
Gucci flip-flops new phone who this
we're filming the music video for our
song building Christmas sets this guy's
got Lacroix so you know you know when
there's Lacroix I don't even know that
is but you know when they got that here
that it's a special day you guys just
became Jake polish specialist start
button join the team right now it's a
litmus today like oh but party people
I'm a little bit stressed out right now
I'm about to do something in just a few
moments that you're gonna see I'm
basically undergoing a surgery and it is
like I've done this before I've done
this one time before and it's the worst
thing in the world like it sucks you're
probably a little bit confused as to why
I said I'm undergoing a surgery but it's
all gonna make sense in a second however
that's besides the point right now
because there's something more important
it's this Santa I want to talk about how
fabulous this Santa is look at him go
man
now I see why mrs. Claus is so loyal to
him Nathan get this picture bro we're
about to be the two most fabulous
Santa's in the world did you get it yeah
IG that and not only do we have this
actually Santa's but do we also have
giant polar bears guys he's so cute like
just look at those they want
speaking of littmus chad is here and
it's back again we're legit turning this
place into the team ten winter
wonderland we're starting to shoot the
music video in a couple of hours however
there are some things that we have to do
beforehand one of them is shooting
shooting especially at Chad's face and
speaking of merch guns if you take out
the gun park there's just Marx man joy
echo backslash yall already know ba but
guys enough with the nonsense come on
you guys got to come with me
here's the thing when I think of
Christmas I think of grandmas because
this song is called littmus I think of
grandmas getting late to see where this
is going no not yet I
I'm going to get turned into of Grandma
how much did this cost like thousands of
dollars right a lot of money so that I
could turn myself into a grandma I told
you I was undergoing to surgery to turn
myself into a grandma for this music
video I don't think anyone on team 10
knows that I'm turning myself into a
grand well so I'm literally gonna walk
down there like prank then like I said
I've done this before where I turned
myself into a grandma and I absolutely
hated it my girl Miho here she's gonna
take care of me I'm a little bit nervous
a little one last March gunfire okay
well we're gonna have to bond for the
next three hours so uh you better not be
mad at me
I'm ready to be a grandma I need to
start practicing to be a grandma please
brother can you stay here the whole
entire time the whole man come on try
half to two hours like this you love me
me oh I love you
oh yeah he's my moral support all right
look with my hair like this I look like
I'm in that movie Grease who what about
that
take ball pranks done
Oh meow you know back in my day I was a
cheerleading team me how are you
listening
I'm getting all the balls get no oh I
just my pants god damn it mijo and then
I have to deal with my grandson you
don't get me started on my grandson he
just walks around singing it's
everything bro you listen to me you
start talking about my shirt he says hey
Jay Paul March and he won't shut up
hey you look cute how old are you are
you single
I feel like I've been in this chair for
centuries Jesus Christ it's already dark
out oh grandma Paul used to come alive
in the night time oh you look familiar
Oh who are you I think we went to high
school together
Oh uncle K is oh my god oh my god your
face syrup yeah you made great thank you
so much I'm gonna seeing someone fine
grandma polish yeah you look like you're
dying I am dying
I just ordered okay I've always had a
eye on you uncle Kane oh me oh I love
red lipstick how'd you know how did you
know
yeah I used to use them a lot maybe know
what I mean Oh
you have clothes for me baby boys come
get you sneak peek granny's changing oh
did somebody have a wake for me
mija yeah yeah you know put a lot of
stuffing in there I want these young
teenagers to go wow
granny still got it don't smoke
cigarettes Erica yeah me what's up cutie
pie how are you I'm right nice to meet
you ma'am yeah you aren't you you know
but actually Jake fuller like I'm
looking at myself in the mirror and I'm
honestly scared of myself I've been in
this chair for three hours I think I'm
actually starting to lose my mind
grandma Paul's getting an upgrade
tell me I look good you look beautiful
you mean that yes of course okay I'm
done
Thank You Miho now it's time to do a
music video
oh sweet heavens this beautiful grandma
Paul this yeah how are you do you know
who I am
I'm your grandma did you pants yeah I
feel it I'm into girls to you know do
you actually know who I am or no do you
know who Jake Paul is where is he
he's coming what do you want for
christmas he wants to take Paul March
haha fan joy call backslash sake Paul he
knows the game I'm Jake Paul I'm just
kidding I'm your grandma I feel so bad
oh they know they know about me hello
who is this sweet British thing I make
the best tea in the world I'm so scared
say hello to my little friend
we need Jake Paul is scared of me now he
said he doesn't know it'd be okay hey
Ted finally a young guy that's down to
smash oh my god get away from me
we're friends again you want to come be
in this video
alright come be in the video buddy the
music video is going great yeah grandma
pop wait sands was talking so you'll
know it's about to go down ray Sherman
in the building you look like you're
ready for a litmus oh don't cry Z oh no
do my hands
bo I need you mijo like I said guys it's
a litmus you're the neighbor who does
the favor I'm gonna call the cops
they're these kids filming a music video
KTLA come through
all right next shot since is the litmus
grandma Paul's getting thrown in the
pool
that was little I sent it go on yeah I'm
back no more grandma Paul take Paul is
back as the litmus is still here guys
look at this there's legitimately a sign
that says litmus and it's also cool
because this is like the first of many
music videos to ever be shot at the team
10-ounce but this is the first one and I
think it's turning out great alright
guys so yeah we want to do a dance at
the same time in the video and he was
like yo you just Christmas delete dance
breathe my boys got them Gucci goggles
on the Santa hat check this out bro who
does that he's a savage shimmy it's a
real movement shouts all my young boss
still going I'm covering in Christmas
lights now and guys I think we are about
to make it snow in Los Angeles
it's Olympus all right so that was a
perfect take but for the sake of keeping
everybody warm because it's November in
LA and I know you East Coasters like
yeah November in LA but it's actually
kind of cold it's like what like 55
degrees
yeah it's snowing bro we're shooting on
actual 35 millimeter films looks really
expensive right now so we're going to
watch our backs it is a really expensive
music video like probably spent way too
much money on this speaking of christmas
christmas as gifts gifts are for
birthdays as well and it was her
birthday the other week but she was in
Miami so we had a celebrate it last
night and I got her a gift roll the clip
roll it
of course Jeff is real double G's yeah I
was shown to where older people shop
with money
happy birthday Erica and yo look at my
boy Bob he is all dressed up and the
boxes that Bob are stacking got turned
into giant gifts guys it's a litmus like
for the nylon this time today I believe
we're out here still grinding 1 a.m. and
this music video is absolutely
incredible I don't think anything like
this has been done in history before I'm
gonna go ahead and call this a little it
is a litmus miracle
900 in one time that's the litmus
my life changed from like your job
everybody take polish y'all over here
for the journey even though I'm
exhausted guys that has been an amazing
litmus I love Christmas guys and I'm so
excited for you guys to see this music
video December 1st stop yourself my
favorite hoodie in the game a status
hoodie check them out guys are so sexy
Christmas merch just dropped get it all
fans Roy taco backslash eject Paul you
take your vlog belts off and guys we're
starting our day actually in like a
couple of hours we have we have a car
that's taking us through an airport and
so I will see you tomorrow because it's
every day bro
what's up Jake Pollard's listen guys I
want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on a daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
