I did know I just got back from classes
school would you make today buddy a
robot look at that look at those buttons
and his eyes and his arms and his nose
did you guys studied the letter R oh
it's his mouth yeah cool what are you
robots do yeah oh they like dance like
that so if you guys have noticed there's
always a lot of companies that will just
send us free stuff because they know all
vaugant or take a picture of it and
they're basically getting free
advertising but you know I I respect the
hustle of those companies and I accept
with open arms to free things a lot of
the things were able to give back to you
guys I wish I could give you something
with this I tried that new diet coke I'm
not a diet coke guy just not a fan I
feel like it makes me hungrier and just
makes me feei don't know it just makes
me food I wanted to try the flavored
ones though because I do love drinks and
I actually really do enjoy those ones
although it's not like I don't know it's
not my go-to thing Diet Coke sent me a
message though and said they wanted to
send me a package and I said well my
mom's the one that's obsessed with Diet
Coke she's been drinking that I cook for
as long as I can remember I feel like it
is her blood
I hate coke they said oh we can send one
to you and your mom so they sent this
nice box with this red thing right there
it's like a little present you open it
up fresh new look
for bold new flavors and the great diet
coke taste you know and love and they
sent us a box of the new flavors oh wait
it's like a regular version - I've tried
em all except for cherry and I feel like
mangos my favorite I was really excited
though for my mom to get it I wanted her
to take a picture of her with it but she
was out of town when it came and I never
got it so mommy if you're watching this
I want to see that picture still just
went for a run I'm uh this is an all
sweat it's actually pouring rain outside
which is not normal here I was running
and I knew there was a forecast for
possible rain this afternoon tonight it
seemed pretty clear it's kind of cool
outside Adam a hoodie on so I'm not what
they're but then ho
it started pouring it was kind of fun
when I used to work out I used to listen
to mainly just songs like pop up song
signs I liked and now I started to
listen to more books podcasts YouTube
videos I like heaven playing in the
background put in my pocket and just
listen to it things like that and it's
actually been kind of nice I feel like
it takes my like distracts me more than
music though surprisingly the next
bombing good morning the day is finally
here we are packing and getting ready to
head out to Utah for our friend fiza's
wedding and we're so excited so tonight
we're heading up to Vegas for the night
our friends trying Joni Cui's to fun
fact
live right below when we first got
married and we just didn't good friends
for a gosh like eight years or so I
don't see them in so long so it's gonna
be really fun we're gonna stay at a
place together tonight in Vegas because
they fly into Vegas from Virginia and
then tomorrow we were going to drive up
into st. George can see all of our other
friends I haven't seen forever and I'm
so excited this is the first time we've
all been together like all of us have
been together since college so it's
really exciting I think like all of us
like I don't think anyone's not gonna be
there I don't know who knows I don't
know I'm such as basically I've just
been running around like a chicken with
Ted cut off trying to get all the stuff
together you know cuz when I pack I pack
for me and both kids and just have to
make sure everything's in there and
everything is good to go and yesterday I
I don't know what I did we went on a
bike ride for young woman's I think I
pulled a muscle in like my lower spine
tailbone area buttocks I'm not sure but
it is so painful like last night I
wasn't so much me I want to cry and I
had to take time out because it was so
severe and then I just laid on the butt
like I was finally done packing I just
laid on the bed I don't even remember
falling asleep I did wake up at 3 in the
morning - Noah trying to crawl into bed
which was the first that's happened in a
while but it was good except literally
in the same position as when I fall
asleep every step I take it's like it's
so painful I know it's
weird it's weird anyway I've been
cleaning up the kitchen I've been trying
to organize a little bit of the house
it's not gonna be as clean as I usually
like when we come home from a trip but
it's not a disaster so there's that and
I packed a bag of all like the snacks
and like breakfast type things you know
um for the next couple days we're here
in the car right there
actions have time crazy giant rock in
front of
and I was playing with his cars in trade
finally fell asleep she screamed for the
first bit of the journey
and the Las Vegas Brandon oh no if we've
ever done this this kind of looks a
little familiar around these like back
roads such a thing when you go from the
drive north from here usually if we take
these smaller backroads which is kind of
scary we have a lot of water and food
there sometimes
hopefully we have service yeah so this
will be a new drive for us
to
somebody's awake from the nap how was
your nap
good Oh who's that what up dude what are
you doing back here you take a nap too
yeah I just got some spicy jerky what do
you mean you even sorry candy yep yes
did you have sour candy you can to get
there well your tongues a little bluish
green yellow we are packed to the brim
we did good though this time buying a
lot of grocery items and water and
things can we get a thumbs up
yeah
well jumpstart action on our way to the
to Vegas we stop for some food and well
family needs some help jump in that car
success it's like wait is this just even
your car so that's just like an SEM
someone's asked us for help I kind of
like startled me because this area is
kind of it's been there's a lot of
people looking for hope like this
person's been staring at a map for the
past hour yes he has been sent in the
map in the cold I going on here yeah so
what see this like popped out of nowhere
anyways the battery there's like a
there's a plastic piece over are the
negative area it's really hard to get in
there they were about to ask someone
else for help anywhere let me inside
like tore this big plastic thank you
thanks person no you felt
beautiful Sam just said it looks like an
Arizona license plate yeah on the rocks
huh Noah wants me to show you the sunset
on the rocks
farik I guess there's the
hi da this is a jump over that now
insane
it's one season to go back in and about
the others and the world
say bye son until tomorrow bye now where
are we in the distance
made it we made it we made it check it
out ortho home defense people you go
behind the go that's right there nice
nice and renovated nope just downstairs
words on all the lights yeah a lot of
cookies I know he's like it's the Saudis
house like our friends China Joanie had
booked us and then we like friend motive
because they're gonna secret tonight but
they don't get into like one or two am
this is interesting
sandals I don't think I would I'm not
like something about me guys I really
don't like I don't think I wear those
yeah this is like an older neighborhood
older house and they completely redid
don't think so very nice very very nice
guys are getting a little tour cool it's
very homey head good reviews you wanna
sleep on that a little bit a little big
bed in here and a bathroom
very cool huh
cool man what do you think are you you
you assigning are you assigning like rim
said yeah but is this your room no the
house we're going to tomorrow is huge
yeah all their friends are gonna be in
it me crazy for a couple days man oh you
put your jacket up there whatever do
your shoes though tell me about that I I
just leave them at
yeah yeah ran inside to go the bathroom
and then decided to leave a moment we
didn't notice until we're on the road
huh actually know that feeling when I
was a kid I hated sleeping other places
yeah even wet my own like grand princess
I really did not like it that Hotel
sometimes - you good baby
no okay you see the best thats a cool
pillow
actually I miss Tori this will really
hope I do love how on Airbnb so they
have like little notes everywhere like
Kate don't open this it helps so you
don't totally communicate and do
anything I have a story though we were
staying at a hotel one time and it was
one of those hotels where the doors are
straight to the outside you know it's
like a usually like a two storey
building but we were on the second floor
door to the outside and we were sitting
there and sleeping and I felt like I
I'll tell you have a second so this big
a little too pushy
what's your ring mean look at this that
was just exploring we can watch this we
can do that so what happened was I could
hear somebody trying to get into our
room and I was like mom dad so I was
trying to get into our they're trying to
get in and they really didn't believe me
at first but then the door opened but we
had the chain so there's one like and
this guy's like peeking in I'm like mom
dad so let's try to get it to our hotel
room because the door is open but the
chain was catching it and then they
believe me and it was just a guy they
assigned him to our room to for some
reason
so he had a key to get into our room
yeah guys Gary
well you can do that too you like this
place
dude you are busy bee this kid helped me
bring in all the bags all the suitcases
all the bedding stuff the packing place
for the babies he wanted to put all the
water in the fridge thanks for your help
man
can you even see it there hey give me a
poem in yo thanks that help dude their
bed just for our friend so you like my
my new white shirt it's pretty Yeah
right I just got two new white shirts I
usually get like one a year decided to
go with two nice little sale I got the
Ryan Seacrest one and Calvin Klein
