she is so ready for bed Valentine's Day
I think yours what the J but uh sure
turn to it I think we're just gonna save
these so Noah's currently upstairs
having his first baby with a friend from
school
and they were on the same soccer team
together as well but I was just
downstairs cleaning up and looking at my
bump date and you guys this baby is
bigger than a grapefruit isn't that
crazy
there's a well it's bigger than a
grapefruit why I think says a grapefruit
that's for 23 weeks so I'm thinking from
24 weeks the baby's bigger than a
grapefruit so it's crazy 24 weeks today
if we're going to change date 23 weeks
if we're still the 11th or whatever you
know so getting there oh hello I didn't
see you guys there I was just staring
outside the window realizing that my
dreams are coming true people I don't
know if you guys saw but I posted a
sponsored ad picture on Instagram
Facebook and Twitter
and yes yes I am officially sponsored by
McDonald's my friend said to me think
about it Michael Jordan Grant Hill
Scottie Pippen think about all the
athletes and people that have partnered
up with McDonald's it's always been a
dream and now here I am making dreams
reality hot and spicy like chickens
I'm obviously kind of joking with you
guys but like I'm not at the same time
how cool is that so some of you guys
thought my first post I'm actually
really excited about this I'm going to
be creating content for them for a
couple months I've actually already shot
a video and I'm going to film two more
videos I'm gonna have some Instagram
stories I did one where I'm like
taste-testing nuggets and the sauces and
stuff and it's a really cool opportunity
I think my first video is pretty good my
second video that I've come up with the
idea that I'm gonna start shooting this
week and it will actually probably take
a little bit to shoot but I think it's a
good idea to so I'm excited for you guys
to see it in you guys reaction to that
kind of stuff is always awesome and
makes me feel really good so thank you
it's cool because we are vloggers we've
a presence on social media but at the
same time I'm gaining experience in this
marketing advertising world because not
only as some of this content presented
to you guys but they have often taken my
videos and pictures and things and
pushed it to their large audience like
when I've done videos for Best Buy or
for headphones computer etc they have
taken that and like the Star Wars furo
stuff they've taken that and pushed it
to like millions of people it's pretty
cool
so sometimes when I see comments on the
blog or something like you should pursue
something like that I'm doing it guys I
am doing it it's happening right now and
hopefully I'll continue to get better at
it but it's a very cool experience I
feel like I'm growing as a professional
and it wouldn't be in forward for you
guys so thank you guys I've joined the
Mount Rushmore of McDonald's Big Michael
Jordan Grand Hill wasn't Scottie Pippin
never give up on your dreams anything is
possible
I can't go too in depth but it's crazy
because like when we did the thing with
Best Buy Despicable Me
they're sending that to universal
illumination Best Buy like I have these
people sitting down to watch my stuff
and how that makes me nervous
and then I get the response and I'm like
okay and sometimes after you shoot
things and sometimes they don't but
anyways it's just so cool all right
tonight was somewhat of a fail of a
dinner I did the sauce wrong for the
pork chops so there's just pork chops
and I was making the kids mac and cheese
for dinner and we're out of milk so I've
got a bowl of noodles here and
no no and so I made them a grilled
cheese in quesadilla made myself case TX
I was looking at pork chops and said I
don't feel like eating just pork chop it
just kind of been one of those days PJ's
not been feeling well um knowing if she
gets the sickness first just a couple
things behind so she's what how know is
feeling this weekend this past weekend
is how she's feeling now and she's got a
molar coming in I'm pretty sure I feel a
little bump there
I know quesadilla does it taste good
that's what I feel like right now
tomorrow's Valentine's Day I'm going on
a date
happy Valentine's Day - my Valentines
yes so no is actually no I had a cold
the other day and he is passed it on to
me and Penelope I took some nyquil last
night and I'm feeling that like a fog
from the next day I took a date call and
I usually don't like take medicine but I
just wanted power through this day
because it's Valentine's Day and there's
my beautiful Valentine's right there
yeah right there so we decided that we
were going to come to Portillo's because
we love Portillo's and then we're gonna
swing by the Cubs park you think we'll
see any players when we drove by I saw
them outside but they might be going to
lunch now you know yeah or it could be
like the grunts crew they've been out
since early this morning well not that
early I think they're at it like 9:00
and it's noon right now so we'll see if
we see any and the very least we're
going to go to the Cubs store and these
kids get to pick out an item for
Valentine's Day that sound good in the
car okay sounds good
let's go eat
yo yo yo you excited I don't think we're
gonna see the guys practice today though
we'll come back another day okay Noah
was so excited because some of the
players were out practicing earlier
today and they will be the next couple
days looks like there's some people
waiting over at the fence over there but
it's raining right now which is very odd
for here we'll come back one morning
okay plus we got tickets to a bunch of
spring training games we're gonna go
into the team shop right now which we
went to a year ago when we were out here
visiting pick something out for
Valentine's Day
earlier this month yeah as activities
you guys remember that let me see what
you guys oh my goodness what's that it's
a bat can you say bat say bat yeah no
it's not a ninja stick look at this
dress peach
who is that guy Chris Bryant who's this
guy is that guy he'll they changed the
photos they got Jose Quintana Chris
Bryant Ben Zobrist closing a terse hobby
bias well everything in life is not
perfect
PJ was pretty tired at the store and so
we didn't get to stay that long there or
really check out if the players were out
because it was raining so he rushed home
so Penelope could take a nap and we
could get a couple things done here we
also found out that our babysitter was
no longer available I know Jen had
contacted her two weeks ago but today
she's sick so we had this fun date
planned tonight we're gonna go out for a
couple hours if a nice dinner alone my
entire Valentine's Day gift for Jenica
was based around our date because we
were gonna go do a fun activity now
that's not happening
so so we're gonna go out now with the
kids so I want to go to the joy and
fabrics if gentleman soon she can pick
out some fabric for the kids we're gonna
get dinner together and still make this
a fun Valentine's Day it's raining
outside cuz we're sad but you know what
it's all good you know one of these days
we'll get our date huh one of these days
dang I didn't know they had all this
fabric I haven't been in here in a while
but can you do it out of any of this no
ooh
what do you got there Dean ninja steel
PJ you gotta pick some out - wait so are
you gonna make him shorter pajama pants
he wants to Jim hello pajama shorts
shorts Oh
I like that okay so shorts or pants
and what do you want your pant designed
to be he'd be like superhero Oh says
he's running down I got to go get her
okay we're back we're back wait wait
superior spider-man oh yeah don't you
know Valentine's in there at Famous
Dave's we've actually ever been here so
I'm kind of excited to try it you know
not what we had envisioned for
Valentine's Day night but you know I
love my family
oh yeah it's good when your babysitter
canceled on you on Valentine but she was
sick but it is kind of funny
the one time I put the babysitter two
weeks in advance she was sick I felt
really bad Valentine's Day with my
little babies and she's getting top spit
all over my going all out tonight you
try it I should have gotten this place
you son votes here you just dip it in
not there like hey can you handle spicy
safe
if you can handle the one trip
challenging candle spice
what is that voice is called french
fries again french fries
good french fries french fries teaching
you the important word huh well there's
been a lot of food in this day of
celebration of Valentine's and this vlog
when we were at we went to Famous Dave's
what a romantic spot we drove around and
it looks like there were a lot of people
there and so we knew he could get seated
right away and they gave us a ten dollar
gift card for next time because it was
our first time yeah what do you think of
all this rain today Valentine's with the
kids guys well I found this place on
Yelp five out of five stars so I this
was one of like the three places I
wanted to bring Jen today will just be
one of them we'll save the other ones
for later they weren't all food but
anyways creamy cream de creme and
chocolates five out of five let's see
what it's about
very moody that's no good milk chocolate
five out of five honey oh wait there's
no recipe yeah what the heck
found that cold out here BJ over here is
it good yeah mine is really good how
that manage yours you said your it was
just a little too much
I'm not a big chocolate person but it
was really good and nice one's really
good how was yours okay
no try mine
is that good bobbin ready for bed yeah I
love you Valentine
especially my Shiksha Valentine say
congratulations
