are you excited to be a live-in nanny a
live-in nanny what I come at a high
price I was today are you excited to
watch my kids whenever I say yes I just
turned out the camera exam freaked out
just sitting in the corner
hi my name is Jenna Anderson and we just
got a new roommate and that's how I feel
about it
you know I think for the most part it'll
be a positive experience for everyone
but you know there's gonna be those
times where we want to bring each
other's next I mean I'm his little
sister he's my older brother
we kind of pick on each other a little
bit and I mean thinking is ona
I'm lonely because we'll be gone all
next week so get to work then quiet
right isn't that right it's right never
disrespect to him that way he would
never you do to me we wanted to Sam any
pranks on him just Kate I'm like twice
and maybe it's good know along the way
babe I think we should to be like maybe
you noticed I used hair but you know
sometimes the husband and wife go
against each other pranks I think we
should go together
as a team team up and take out our room
and what should we do the post in the
comments okay with what hair dynasty
remember okay I could hide in this story
shampoo oh oh I don't know the other
clips driving riding here look Cece
systemin get in Andrew by the pool this
morning jump in and I'm like toe first
yeah what if she was Johnny it doesn't
stink up office I know what it's like to
be an uncle I know sometimes you can get
a little carried away oh my oh gosh I
should have taught you how to do that
here so
how long will it last
very good question who knows he could be
here for two weeks you be here for a
month we got some coloring books cuz we
don't have any coloring books anymore
and I thought it might be interested so
got some coloring books the kids are
coloring right now no we got minion he
looks really good
good job baby the white one might not
work very well on there now I'm cooking
dinner we have this awesome chicken to
make this awesome all of these different
types of prepackaged stuff herbs I've
got my rice simmering last time I had
Monica walking me through like literally
every step this time I like wait who do
that I'm kind of dating more of things
but right so I'm kind of know hopefully
it tastes good oh it's right Jen's rice
was really good
yet I'm excited to try something
did you cook the meat the other night
yes steak the steak is good
last time I was unsure though and it
tasted really really good she's hungry
she's in there okay well then it cooks
we have a snack because he's not gonna
last another half an hour also another
thing pj needed some church shoes she
really does not have any seen those I've
misplaced her moccasins on our trip and
I have no idea where I put them but
she's been wearing those just for
forever she just didn't have any actual
like sandal type shoes so target
clearance is where it's at guys look at
these cute little I figured these are
just go with everything and it's hit or
missing the clearance with sizing but
these were like $10 or something $12 I
don't know that sounds pretty good
it also has it's really really cute cat
Jack sandals there that are like they
had pink ones and red ones and like neon
green ones and blue ones but none in her
size clearly all the toddler girls chose
pink which I'm not surprised because I
wasn't into his being too but the size 5
with those were a little bit smaller
than this size 5 her feet are growing so
fast so I was just was gonna get a 6 no
6 is anywhere like okay looks like we're
gonna just stick with a 5 for now we got
those and we found knockoff native shoes
a little slip ons that Noah has so the
blue ones that he wears all day every
day those were actually like definitely
worth the price we spent on that or
anyway they had knockoffs at Target and
they actually had PJ size for the first
time ever so I got her some pink ones
and she's actually wearing them right
now because she's a little obsessed with
them so hopefully those lasts for the
rest of until December at least I'll be
honest just came here to get the job
done
you play hard win hard sometimes kids
can throw a curveball at me and I'm
prepared all the time thing you should
have a tiny little splinter look I don't
know if you can see on the cameras so
teeny teeny tiny it's out it didn't hurt
did it you were tough actually scream
bloody murder for microscopic splinter
but we got it out didn't we and it
didn't hurt huh feel much better now now
in about you he makes up his bed big
time it's cool okay let's see your tummy
first thing you can get a band-aid
you're so cute I'm gonna dunk you real
quick you know I'm here I'm here
you know but the positives are that I'm
just as much as I can you know dishes
clean them up babysitting hey I'm going
out you know just like on the whim
things that I normally can't do so it's
gonna be great guys we're out and it's
dark and the kids are sleeping at our
first date it's our first date in
Arizona good lung collapse they're gonna
work out I need you guys to win go the
little swim some laps I think I might
actually I think I might be cold though
yeah well when we went I took morning
temperatures dropping fast yeah feels
really nice out here I took the kids
this morning that was free chilly
getting it at first and then you're fine
but I mean it was funny so here we go I
might just in the jacuzzi watch sandwich
I'm so sorry I did a full body workout
today my thighs are killing me there's
actually my first time at the pool get
excited the pool is actually open really
late we'll just have to be quiet just
out of respect for people but we are
legally allowed to be here right now
ready three two one do some laps bed
faster faster faster
oh my goodness we just swam for about
20-25 minutes tracks their progress
that's like the best workout an exercise
we had burned 100 calories like that
something is so hard like I'm bad this
has been a while I think the last time I
actually swim laps was freshman swim of
high school like playing at the pool
with my friends yeah I remember I placed
an advanced but like the swim team and
like other athletes and I just felt like
an idiot because I don't really felt I
didn't feel like I could swim but
good experience great workout we might
think I might hear my offender yeah yeah
feels good I already done a full body
workout today
that's good no pain no gain I just my
arms are tired I'm excited I'm excited
for our time together it's like we you
know there's no free rides you might be
able to stay here without pay but he'll
make up for it with babysitting we'd
pretty much be like yo we goin out deal
with it look at how beautiful you look
right now I got ready for the first time
this year
I love it he actually I can go anytime I
felt it was for her family if I did my
makeup maybe we're getting pizza for
Monica's birthday and I was watching the
baby excited nelos pizza hey that's why
I moved here closer to family always
happy to support family andrew has
always been there for us we're there for
him I'm excited for his movie I hope
everything goes well the house is big
enough that it won't be you know it
won't be that I can't even hear him down
there he's like blasting the TV right
now and it's midnight
for one another
is that like this cake
can you the the spiderweb very constant
Oh nuts
are the best doughnuts in all the land
this doughnut it's so good Bose has done
it's the best done in snoozy I gotta
find a better angle booming real
pregnant these days
no in the video the last video I saw me
some Isaac holy cow I look so swollen
I don't know nine months pregnant that
date night we're the kids we must think
it's at home by themselves here's the
question what should they name their
baby
yeah seriously help us what's a good
name think about it
Elliot jr. that's what I'm going with
you can do girl okay now it is they're
calling me one if you live in Arizona
have you ever tried what are you tonight
mellows no did you like this do you
think it's real authentic Chicago stuff
and it's you don't like it I don't care
you better say nice things we came home
and no one sprouted a mustache we were
only gone for an hour sticking up his
nose hey we're you good girl for app
will you good girl sit we're good girl
good night
Maya
I'm really excited to be here
yeah um I've been procrastinating mm-hmm
I have a lot of editing to do and I've
not not begin it would you remove the
unwound Tomatoes uh I wanna I want to be
generous and give it a good 70 I want to
give it a 70 what about IMDB 6 plus 5
wouldn't it be a 7 I don't know I don't
know I I'm you know I'm nervous didn't
talk I've never talked down like this I
never do saying like oh it's probably
this but she'll be honest you know it's
a first feature so it's be honest
probably said I want it I'm the guy
that's always like no it's easy easy 10
Oscar winner
