oh hey guys we just woke up and we told
you we're gonna have an announcement
soon well guess what one month from
today we're waking up somewhere else in
a different bed we're waking up in
Seattle
that's cuz we're going to vlogger fair
fogger if you're in Seattle on August
16th dude you're gonna be there I'm
gonna be there he's gonna be there I'm
gonna be there who else is gonna be
there a ton of people I just seen Shay
Carl the Tyler Oakley and Tyler Shelton
the daily bums le njord : we're going to
blogger fair that's where it's gonna
happen in 1 are you going oh snap
alright it's gonna be awesome
so many people austin magnel's yeah
Bastin I'm looking at you they're
playing each other in basket laundry I
was watching a YouTube video yesterday
that made me so angry there's some
people out in the world that doctor
their basketball clips talk about you
Austin finally go in down yeah you guys
so many people are gonna be there so
come basically everyone's gonna be there
so if you live in the Seattle area we
better see you there and if you live
anywhere close to the Seattle area like
within a thousand miles
that means you people in New Mexico I
hope New Mexico's a thousand miles away
you better be there too
it's gonna be a lot of fun and we hope
to see you guys there go get your
tickets online now guys gonna be there
but I will probably be sleeping the
whole time at least we hope you'll be
sleeping the whole time we're flying out
to Seattle vloggerfair
tickets have just gone up but if you use
the promotional codes on my car what's
the link in the description you can use
the promotional codes Amica and get a
better deal a discount there will be so
much better
so come we hope to see you there yep
we're waking up in Seattle one month
from
today can't wait it's gonna be awesome
oh poor boy we can't wait to meet you
and hang out with you I'll see you there
guys peace
