hello youtube fam I am currently dressed
up like a bottle of sriracha literally
literally a bottle of sriracha and I
know you guys gonna hate me because I'm
doing a one-take today and not posting
the blog the reason is we've had tons of
visitors and it's rude to edit what
people are over that's just the truth so
I've been hanging out with them people
seeing the little baby let's do use here
look who's back you why'd you p the
carpet again happened every time I go
I'd be on the carpet hi what do I look
like I thank you it's double XL for fat
daddy liked me fat daddy is that funny
yes I did you notice that hey literally
it's your daddy I'm nice watch Gennie
this dude has been wailing actually
that's not sure he's been pretty called
a few times no well not until his first
nap alike now look at me looks like a
white boy who is this white boy being
cuddly no he's cuddling me all day hit a
long day yesterday yeah i think in
tiring day well you did sleep through
most of that genie still I think it's
time for
we're playing that game where you bite
into a chocolate and decide what it is
whether it's good or bad I can't
remember this another thing I don't
remember hello you're back so tell
everyone about how you're gonna move in
with us some people said that they're
like corny should move in with you guys
yeah little do they know that Kourtney
lived with us for two different three
different times for a couple months and
then we had to kick her out for all the
abuse that she was doing parties
everything that everything looks normal
right now except oh okay we always means
for reference this means explanation
yeah what happened um have an allergic
reaction no I didn't this is an
infomercial called make sure that you
get your sunscreen over all of your skin
evenly cuz as you can see I sunscreened
this leg quite well up until the knee
portion and this like except for this
little area right here just little hot
so I have a pattern of sunburn on my
feet are swollen now then going down
they were like they're like fat they're
like that friend when I got here hey
Todd urban sriracha wait what's up um
someone I commenter tainted we weren't
having same it wrung it that it's Street
straight racha cuz there's an R and so
now every time some says SI racha I
always say Sri Sri Racha so what is the
phenix would is the papaya tree gotcha
how do you really pronounce it what's a
check Sri Racha there's no I'm gonna
keep sayin SI racha yeah does you to my
r is silent kind of so you can show you
got Jenni work right here I just drinks
I also place you stress suntan lotion
and I kind of missed in a stripe like
one designer so and mandal tan and menlo
burnin mandal burn to love
a couple that burns together how would
you describe us spicy like si racha okay
had some family visit today and one of
my great friends how bad did he know who
I served my mission with and i were
really good friends and i have another
person from my mission the Dominican
Republic I haven't seen in like two
years since we went back to the
Dominican Republic this is on our trip
to the ER babies on motorcycles the best
but yet that watch out oh ok I did he
say listen I coca-cola MMO theatre Saban
tiempo we're still really good friends
what's coming right now and I've even
met his wife yet what's up with that
strong legs he does like you do it's
done i think these guys are like leg I
know those thighs yeah yeah yeahs like
that yes next escape I pretty curious
you get would you burn from together
damn it literally yes began movie though
a dime a quien esta casa de lo kuda keep
the name of silo and the but the obin
Judah so this guy right here we used to
get videos mall to enjoy near my son I'm
gonna join in with no be crazy this is
Noah yep yep yep it looks like you
looking at the camera but you're
actually looking at yourself hey this is
still the blog that we're posting today
and look who's here Carlos what's up I'm
trying to talk to Samuel Parker too but
he's not saying anything so Carlos is
the man though yo we eat healthy weight
healthy berries and croissants jaron if
he had like one word advice for Noah for
the rest of his life whatever it be it
would be stay true to me that's not
leadership it was about you one word of
advice love Lily Garrity harmony one
word of advice it can be seriously
worried yeah don't yeah I mean I guess
it doesn't have to be one word what you
say faithfulness faith wow I know what
was said all right guys today's been
just a mash-up of Lebanon blah blah blah
went from a one tick to get a win taked
I don't know what but oh no having a bad
dream oh no sleeping softly baby dreams
milk no sorts of things since this vlog
is going up in like insanely late not
really it's like 11pm it will probably
be midnight by the time it gets up cuz
exporting and uploading it takes forever
takes forever yeah I'm gonna post the
vlog that you guys wanted to see
tomorrow at two p.m. mountain time 3
p.m. central 4 p.m. eastern time ok yeah
GPM I'll be done I'm gonna edit it right
now and post it for 12 in a post a pen
so there you go and I think I'm gonna
hop on the hangouts after this post and
just like hang out with
I'm staying out for a couple minutes
before i go to bed no idea if you want
will you be there I'll be tired i will
just do it for a couple minutes moments
all right yeah if you're watching this
like a couple minutes too late then Dane
all right we'll see you guys tomorrow
it's gonna be fun blog who's
you
more
