warning there's a lot of no footage
today I mean I think Noah's looking up
at the heavens wondering why he decided
to come in now he's definitely looking
upwards towards the sky
how's my family doing this morning good
what's up buddy what you dreaming about
milk he got it out and I was asleep and
now it's time to eat and change him
finally can rest after getting that big
move logout now I got to wake you up big
juicy fizzy soda papi literally it
sounds like soda
hey guys happy Friday we're going to the
doctor's again it's this guy's two-week
checkup and look he's already getting
bigger in his car seat and his head oh
he's so cute running a little late but
that's okay we have a new baby and we're
gonna see if he's grown or anything and
hopefully it's not as traumatizing as
the last time
hopefully it won't be because we know
what to expect now they're just gonna
make us strip him down unfortunately but
he's had a rough morning he hasn't slept
really at all all morning and she's been
fussy and cranky and now he's finally
asleep and now they're gonna make me
wake him up and I'm not very happy about
that so hopefully maybe he'll just sleep
through the whole thing keep your
fingers crossed
hey bubby you did some weight how how
much does he weigh No
nine ten nine ten look at you no 813 no
chesty Oh bless you eat it have eaten
enough food you enjoying your visit at
the doctor no do we ever nope listen
let's know the babies cry out there hey
Bubba
lemme put some clothes on cover yourself
look cutie this is what the doctors
really like tears I think no I was
looking up at the heavens wondering why
he decided to come now he's looking
upwards towards the sky seriously that
book brook was terrible I thought they
were just filling one little hole like
one little circle on the sheet they had
to feel like eight they're like
squeezing the blood oh yeah they were
seriously seriously squeezing his the
blood out of his foot he was screaming
look how tired he is so tired you guys
did you not sleep well this morning he
missed like to lose now
and then really come and get to his
adopters he's exhausted he's telling to
sleep the rest of the day and I don't
blame him
he looks so different today are you okay
Baba okay
yeah traumatising day
poor baby he's okay now just looking
down at the sky I'm glad you're here
with us though I don't want hope I hope
you're not wishing to go back to when
you had no footprints okay
he was screaming literally bloody murder
like that was like the loudest he's ever
cried ever and long as he's ever cried
but we stayed calm Sam said just now
told me he said we stayed very calm
which was good it was very good
I don't know who he looks like today hey
guys so I have completely forgotten to
film anything today yes then a little me
ah see right now
yes today I just completely forgot
because Noah had a very rough morning
we're going on a mini trip tomorrow
though and that's gonna be really fun
and really exciting and some fun footage
for you guys to look forward to so I've
just been kind of gathering his back
putting his bag together and
everything's gonna leave really really
early we're dropping Sam's mom off at
the airport in the morning and then
we're going somewhere
I'll be fine it'll be a fun day I was
really nervous at first cause it's like
a full day not being home it's just it's
mood good it's me a good day
you didn't feel like biting the Bobby
down dryer update it's broken the motor
we did someone look at it it's gonna fix
it counts a lot of money
we got duped don't trust anybody hurt
oh it's too bad so it's actually
Saturday right now and I'm recording
this and adding it to Friday's vlog
which I added very quickly just pieced
everything we had together I'm super
tired this parenting thing is tiring
especially when you don't get any sleep
and you wake up really early and go do
fun stuff yeah we're really tired I was
falling asleep in the car
oh well someone's calling me right now
that means very let's pick it up three
who is it oh is my sister we've been
doing one takes on Sunday lately just to
make it easier and ask us some days are
just like different to us I'm debating
whether to post today's vlog Saturday on
Sunday or do one take one take we'll see
I mean here's a preview of tomorrow or
Monday
hey let's go you big turkey can you get
enough of this guy I can't get enough of
this guy you let those poops out guys
man we need to do better recording
footage throughout the day the past two
Fox have been really short I'll make it
up for you guys this weekend with extra
footage I keep saying that but I promise
I promise and I complete I can play my
promises anyways let me know if you guys
want to want to take tomorrow or the
vlog from today post in the comments and
I will take a look at it tonight I've
decided that I look like vanilla ice if
he was a football player and the FIFA
World Cup that's what this kind of new
hairdo is yeah I've been missed my hat
and this time I did it right now you're
gonna make me one yeah I'm working on
Sam's huh what color that crochet grey
it looks good
seriously thanks I have a hood you had
good nads until winter that Christmas
time ah I feel like we've just been a
tease lately yes they're producing gas
start producing and I write producing
the azan more footage
I don't know better footage just being
better we'll see you guys tomorrow
maybe you want to take maybe today's
like we'll see I don't know dude
I'm on the salmon kabobs right now love
you guys peace
