I can't this is a joke
you have such thick hair and now it's
gone oh it's coming back
how tired do I look right now
yeah pretty tired gonna get my haircut
though my girl for my high school I used
to know in high school she was in my
church as well and she just cool hair
and she cuts hair so I was like hey
maybe she'll make my hair look cool guys
it doesn't have any product in it's
super short but it's kind of crazy no no
I need to put some product in it you
know in an experiment it's coming back
this is cute this little guy's eyes are
looking very Brown we've got a brownie
on us you can't really tell but they're
looking very Brown a little like bluish
grayish tinge that's to the baby back
like babe all babies have is kind of
fixating now and they're looking very
Brown like mine I think this one got my
eyes I was hoping for some blue eyes but
that's okay there'll be more children
buddy
oh that's favorite little thing to do
with his hand I'm just gonna put it
under my face like this and hang out oh
you're very weak sir hello
every year for my birthday my father
sends me a cake this year was no
exception
thanks dad can't wait to see what flavor
it is I don't eat cookies or sweets I
just don't buy cookies or sweets I just
see chocolate covered strawberries and
cake oh and there's some donuts and some
cookies from my mom and from my dad
these guys love you
the days go by just way too fast is that
oh man I feel like there's no time
anymore
which some of you probably shaking your
head and like yeah it's a parenting is
all about it
but it's crazy I feel like the days just
fly by and then Mike oh my goodness back
at work backward back at work I'm back
at work and back to work just so fast
kids are so content right now arms
folded holding his binky just chillin
with Grammy the thug life chose him
it sounds like a lawnmower or something
just keeps going and going it makes that
noise all day but once you put them down
who stops hilarious just leaving work
guys another day in the dalla doing it
for the fam I'm at the post office y'all
keep sending us mail gosh guys what's
your problem more packages more
envelopes letters we'll have to open
them all up sometime soon this coin
return I put B in slot huh
this one's just a Jenica what the heck
guys you guys when I know what's really
annoying
it says diploma do not bend and it's
bent I've literally had to use all my
might to get that out and bend it even
more
come on son job please and it's bent
no biggie I just slaved away for hours
and years and paid tons of money to get
a bent piece of paper you know they
better give me a straight one I'm
serious
so January think my hair
I like it it had to girl I ain't grew on
me it needs to grow a little more it's
super I look like Sam pepper right now
no no I'll be honest I'm a fan of my
other here and I know a lot of other
people probably are that most you guys
don't even care so I'm gonna grow back
but you know just taking risks taking
some chances you know a little pain
young come through a midlife crisis now
however we have been incredibly busy
today's vlog was super super super duper
short and we apologize for that but we
don't apologize but we do apologize but
I can guarantee that you guys are gonna
have a good weekend especially if you're
watching our vlogs I can guarantee it
guarantee it it's mean fun weekend we
got some surprises up our sleeves and
I'm not talking about an announcement
you guys will see so you'll see SME see
tomorrow purse
you
