the Vegas Wow
Scott one of these mom Salt Lake City's
finest yes the T reads for Jenica Jen
has never attempted chocolate cake
doughnut nothing exactly there's someone
that I've eaten - this morning your face
how's she doing these I'm just kidding I
think it three after that is a cake cake
doughnut the outside is like frosting
Noah stood up for the first time today
and someone come down my pit he cried
is it a mahjong no someone comes on my
picture say nurse that wanted me to tell
Noah that he's gonna get all the ladies
when he's older they wanted to cuddle in
minutes on camera so I can't remember
who commented that but I'm seeing it on
the camera for you know what you're
gonna get down there maybe Anna he's
gonna break some hearts go easy on them
Noah go easy
I think snacks snacks on snakes and
snakes raspberries strawberries crackers
croissants we're gonna make some
delicious grilled cheese that's some
good Jesus and Gouda a little watermelon
oh oh well I'm cucumber another Gatorade
if you want it yeah you have some Wheat
Thins some pretzel things some cranberry
lemonade some dark chocolate almond milk
bread dan mentioned croissants isn't
this the most precious thing you've ever
did see
but 5-0 Germany vs. Brazil Saturday
night's rough game to my German friends
Wow crazy it's not even like exciting
for the German squad they're just like
whatever they celebrated it they
celebrated at halftime
hey it's Tuesday and sames at work and
yesterday I completely forgot to film
anything so I told Sam that I would
remember to film something today because
yesterday we had like zero footage so
I'm really proud of them for throwing
something together so nicely who are you
guys I just wanted to show this cute
little nugget he's getting so big you
guys I mean he's still little but like
he's getting so chunky look at that
little double chin under there can you
see it can you see that little double
chin sometimes some days he's looks
chunkier than other days but I just love
it
his cheeks are getting so pudgy just
can't handle it can't handle that
cuteness and I just can't handle that he
has Sam beers literally the only thing I
said to him when I was pregnant was he
better have your ears that's all I want
this room to have your ears and he does
headed to work right now do you look
like a favorite shirt that you just wear
all the time whenever it's clean yeah I
don't know if he knows this is my
favorite shirt right now my little
emoticons shirt even wear it when little
man was born it's just like like it's
lucky so he's gonna be a good day cuz
I'm wearing it just tell feeding him and
now he's a little squirmy that's going
really well actually for the most most
part sometimes he just is being really
stubborn and just does not want to latch
on but most days he's real good
you just ate are you still hungry
seriously look at this this squirmy guy
I don't know how long this video this
film is in the last because he's my boy
this is a squirmy and ant because he's
trying to poop it's crazy how well you
get
now your baby just within two weeks it's
crazy like no one's hungry and I know
he's gassy and I don't know when he just
wants to be cuddled it's crazy and it's
so cool at the same time he's a little
flaky boy right now oh sorry
his hands are a little flaky in his arms
and his little feet but they're looking
a lot better and I down them in lotion
every single day like twice a day just
feet are almost looking like they're
completely done almost and his hands
actually look the best but now his arms
are starting to peel which is kind of
weird
that's okay huh
this is him talking to us tell us about
Noah how's your day going mr. chunk
sometimes with the neckroll I think he
looks a lot like Winston he's seeing
King Lia's baby girl look at that neck
roll bye guys hope you're in a fun day
and wow my birthday is tomorrow that's
when you find all of you are you saying
like such nice messages because you're
across the country and it's already my
birthday but thank you so much and it's
gonna be such a fun day I'm so glad that
Sam gets the day off
it makes me happy because I miss oblate
that work it's really pathetic already
but it's only been two days I'm like I
like the new all day
but I'm grateful are you going to work
because he's bringing home the bacon for
us huh
oh it's crunchy face you like get that
camera out of my face mom anyway oh yeah
we hit 30,000 subscribers I just cannot
believe it
you guys if Amica they're all so awesome
then it's just crazy how many of you are
watching this it's really bizarre when I
sit down I think about it I can't sit
down to think about because it's just
too weird for me anyways I hope you
yourself a night I think me and my
mother-in-law are gonna watch a movie
and eat some food or try to eat some
food and I got a napkin today which was
awesome okay I'm gonna go try get him
miss pinky I'll see you guys later buddy
oh and I cooked his nails so that's why
his hands around the club okay okay okay
by far the best part of work today was
when Jen texted me this photo I just
loved it
she's like we love you like dang love
that kid one of my favorite things about
leaving work is seeing all the scooters
by the elevator
that people love just there taking off
we have scooters that you can ride
around on and so people will take a
scooter and just leave it at the
elevator with everything weird light yo
guys we're recording this right now I'm
posting it right now I didn't end the
vlog yesterday it was crazy
we're feeling tired today it's Jens
birthday have you was gender birth oh so
nice I know I feel like my birthday was
like a month ago remember
two months ago and everyone is so nice
yeah and you spoiled me rotten
so guys sorry about the late vlog this
is what you got well it's my birthday
but you'll see Jen's birthday stuff
tomorrow yeah we mentioned that we're
gonna announce something this week we
still gotta do that what do you guys
think it is though some people may have
already guessed it some people have it's
pretty exciting we're gonna have a fun
weekend this weekend too mm-hmm so you
have a seat yeah but this weekend's mean
really fun just you wait anyways we'll
see you guys later
we love ya it's everything we're gonna
keep celebrating it's been such a great
day
we'll see you tomorrow peace
