hi open your eyes and let's me
what's up YouTube fam we're just getting
back in the swing of things at the vlog
and everything uploading it at a
reasonable time heading back to work
today and I also wanted to share some
footage with you guys that we filmed on
the day that little man was born we had
a whole vlog a whole like 1012 minutes
of footage that we never used and since
we're doing daily vlogs to remember
everything
nothing be fun to go back and look at
what really transpired before we headed
to the hospital so here it is us a loss
today 1-0 it's my good folks from
Germany when I place this on the grill
it should sizzle let's take a look now
you know when the girls ah looks great
let's see how she's doing
never felt so good that's smoke
billowing into my face what I needed to
get a meat thermometer hey that might be
the case when you're a grill master like
me you know when it's ready to flip
I'll be honest guys I am super impressed
with the food that has come out of this
grill I didn't think it'd be this good
it's really good day job we're eating
chicken too
people have been really saying that it's
a what did I say there's a couple things
that are certain in life death taxes and
food and Sannikov vlogs like in laughing
peas Samuel Douglas yeah sorry
I'm just I'm pretty much wasting enough
if I do get something I'll give it to
Annie goes you know what in the world
all things I'm gonna positive now I
think I'm feeling things I think I'm
feeling things so we'll see if this
feeling stuff progresses let's see if
Sam comes home from work early today
got a little connection every what I
mean you're feeling things what do you
feel yeah I just really crampy and I
feel like I've felt some like mini
contractions I'm feeling with my back my
lower back and my friend I don't know I
don't like get to opening if it's not
really happening yet I think I'm
starting to feel things what do I know
anyways I'm feeling crampy and
contraction II I think so they're very
irregular right now the feelings I'm
feeling so I'm gonna go walk around a
little bit
we'll see keep your fingers crossed on
his way hopefully this is Brittany no
you never know this is my cousin that's
a nurse that I was talking about in the
other vlog saying I was gonna have her
break my water if she could she said she
puts no loud they had to Jordan cuz she
watches hey Jordan she's on the blog
before you she didn't even know about
the blogs it's hilarious my contractions
have been pretty irregular but they're
still going and it's been almost three
hours might go the hospital night
hopefully a little man this is what's
happening on the day or day before you
were born the Milwaukee Bucks like the
Jabari Parker
remember that guy you're gonna love him
three awesome names right there
Hey open your eyes and let's meet my
mom's a missionary extraordinaire my boy
it's a picture you never know studying
me oh yeah you do studies no stairs
each other inch oh my oh my bellybutton
stay gross for a while does it oh I just
cleaned up really gross thank you you
got a little belly here uh-huh
going back to work hey what you gave it
again soon this week thank you love you
buddy
now I know my dad's rush home to be up
there kids although I do like getting up
work anyways well Oh clack midnight well
this is really intense lighting it's
like kind of red kind of creepy guys
they look tired
it's 1253 and I just got back from work
not too long ago back on my daily grind
the harsh reality how is it with me
going back to work how'd you manage I
missed you I see - I'm Blaine you're
lame no that makes it cool well man was
good
I feel super orange today cause I
realized why people try and do YouTube
full-time I missed my family today I
missed my family they missed you
it was good to be at work like back on
the grind you know just normal routine
getting back at it bringing home the
bacon but I missed my family
we've never started to do eating
full-time but I was like dang that ever
happens to be in my life I'd be pretty
cool one more time at the fan especially
as the fan growth first thing I wanted
to do when I got home from work was just
picked this little guy up cuddle him and
give him a kiss goodnight
I love how when you look out from our
house you can just barely see kind of
like the city landscape I'm cooking hot
dogs and just think in it I also wanted
to thank you guys for trusting me for
the most part if I tell you to go check
something out it's gonna be good I
promise you that for the most part I
feel like that's been the case - you
guys went and checked out Jesse Smith's
song in just a matter of time we got
over 4,000 more views on his video tons
of thumbs ups the comments like you guys
just went crazy in the comments on them
how talented he was how grateful you
were for the music and everything he
gains like a thousand subscribers just
because of you guys and I want to thank
you guys for trusting me checking it out
and I feel like we found a diamond in
the rough this guy's awesome I can't
wait to keep hearing his music and
hopefully using in the vlogs because I
feel like it really fits what I'm into
you know people say that marriage is a
game changer I don't think anything
changes your life more than something
you can control like having a child and
Noah has been the biggest blessing in
our lives I've never felt more close to
my family to my wife to that little guy
I just can't wait to rush home and be
with him every day from work I've only
been to work one day tomorrow I'm gonna
work again but I'll have work off for
Jen's birthday which by the way is
Wednesday July 9th the guy at Skate your
birthday wishes ready because I want you
to have a wonderful birthday it's so
crazy having a birthday right after
having a baby it's just like
overwhelming so I wanted to be a
birthday that she'll never forget
there's a lot of new people that come to
our blogs every single day guys were
married and then I have been married for
almost four years I'm 26 she's turning
23 this is our first child and my mom
there's like a comments on the Instagram
yesterday trying to figure out how many
grandkids there are there's eight now so
just to get that straight we're hoping
to have a special announcement for you
guys coming up soon we'll see if that
all works out I think it will I'd say
there's like a 90% chance we're gonna
announce something fun this week awesome
thing about going down to see the shades
by grace but the newborn and everything
will see that happens I got it I got a
chaise Shay and Casey on there
you know like a man man watching Tour de
France we hope you guys had a good day
thanks for watching as always I know
this blog was a little bit different but
hey let's mix it up everyday we'll see
you guys tomorrow
poof
