first bite first bite
Hey look at the camera good morning good
morning you slept through the night well
as far as a newborn does didn't cry at
all got up to eat this is a good night
great coming dreams did you have I'm
scared this is when Riley comes in with
that be feet
dude this is your first song that you're
really listening to does you have stars
on your mitts
let's see some happy feet
let's see some happy feet oh yeah that's
the beat babe
we're trying to get it so he knows that
daytime is play time isn't that right
buddy daytime is a wait time well you
need to take some naps too but you know
Mandy who love is getting lost in the
woman's feminine products
I hope oh boy eat sleep and poop life is
good mama can't complain this is the
life I chose yep mm-hmm
don't mind me if I just lay back and
relax for a couple hours
see you guys later he might look like
Jenica but you sure know he's my son
because I love him more than I love si
Racha and he's got those little Jordan
booties on ain't that right
anything to say the world no maybe later
this is like the best part about
newborns they just like the cuddle at
least this one does love to cuddle you
guys this little baby has been so good
honestly like he was kind of changed
already he's kind of like switched last
night he did not scream once and it was
just like every other day like wake up
eat go back to sleep it was amazing I
don't know like what he I don't know
it's crazy and he's been alert like
during the day like he was just awake
for over an hour
how did that happen honestly like Sam
and I realized that like last night
we're like he really is the same as he
is during the day we just we realize
that we're more like conscious of like
how loud he is at night and so that's
why we thought like maybe he was a night
owl but really I think I don't think
he's and I know I just I think he's just
being a baby you know like and I've been
able to get lots of sleep which is still
good well for me a lot to sleep is every
2 or 3 hours
he's just been such a good baby boy and
I love it
and I loved him so much gentle benefits
he's been such a good boy
oh you get a little smile huh he looks
so different every single thing it's
crazy thank you all for your advice
oh my hair looking crazy I'm really kind
of I'm good now I'm not like freaking
out I think just the first week I was
just overly exhausted and just not in my
right mind either
so I think that's why I was like am I
doing this right am I doing this wrong I
don't know what I'm doing but now I
think we've figured it out we're
figuring it out every day huh it's great
and I loved him so much and he is the
sweetest little baby boy I think we're
getting the hang of this parenting thing
it's only been a week and I know things
are gonna like change get crazy or
whatever I don't know but I hope you
guys are having a great day I sure am
what you order don't Jenna yes
happier in Tigers blood first bite first
bite
that's my sister someone could not like
this no I rest this - you didn't even
melt Wow
yeah and it all the way home what is
Tigers blood it's strawberry pi√±a
colada there you have it
I couldn't remember what it was or are
you doing today wise man it's wise man
once said you like to explain what
you're doing
we're having family craft night we're
both nesting yarn that we got like
forever ago no less Christmas together
no that's not oh and he goes my early in
the morning Thanksgiving now is that
Christmas like 6:00 in the morning
yeah but what are you making I'm making
a beanie see that's on that YouTube is
it for a big person yeah yeah it's for
me whose name it was my cat oh is that
your thread our yarn yeah good now for
sure look who lost their belly button
it's gone it's gone still it's kind of
funny did it fell off nastiest thing
ever they don't warn you that like those
things stink and our really gross they
stink hey it got to be so stinky and you
kept hitting it and it's starting to
like kind of bleed and stuff
you can't like really gonna wet we just
had to keep cleaning them off and then
today it's looks kind of wobbly but you
know MA
and we got bigger diapers on him yeah
but no more leaky pipe no more peeing
all over the place so now for today
Fritzing this morning I hate to see this
guy cold we haven't seen him cold in a
while and when he does get cold he's
like as this little lip don't have very
much better singing the radio and dad
okay what song should we think no I
think I scratched it how's your what is
that a brain that's gonna get fini how's
that good start over start over you
could probably fit me you know you know
every time I have to redo it then it's
perfect the second time or the third
time
are you like really weird to face times
in the same place at the same time
that's what I call a good time now we
feel like we're their home sweet home
we're going on our first family this
beautiful Sunday evening is my real
first house right yeah I know what's
doing well
Sam keeps freaking out over everybody
it's really cute they're the one has had
to slosh around gotta keep him keeping
supported Sam told me the other day that
he got made fun of first big head when
he was little
we're gonna tell me it's big it's a big
beautiful head his whole life Kourtney's
beanie is turning out better than mine I
had to scrap my own start over
come closer come closer yeah no I
changed the color of the yard it's like
a mood ring it was cool it changes the
temperature of my head and one of the
comments is saying Courtney needs to
start a vlog it's hilarious and she
walks away he's so relaxed
this kid sleeps just like Sam just like
Sam this is how Sam sleeps literally
every night it's relaxing like that way
like flails all these limbs out no I'm
not that's the wrong word what are you
doing you see if this could look like a
smile
or into a giant put that around your
neck bring them there play a new guy hey
where are you traveling to Boppy pillow
is the best thing in the world that's
like I must have if you're any mom
thanks is like what was about what you
did commercial it's like a floatie good
really this is how Sam sleeps like in
the middle of the bed
I'm most on the edge hmm teacher once
that was so fat sorry I shouldn't say
that
he was like what I didn't know it's
pregnant you would lecture man world is
going on in my house I literally walk
out of my bedroom and I'm like oh I just
take the camera good thing I did because
look at this right now oh wait I'm not
in movie mode I walk out of the room
this is what I see it
acro yoga going on the living room pic
thing I grab the camera so I look in it
got a Mexican no I did but another one
setting no no please don't
oh gosh Sam it's at least one person in
the entire world
oh my gosh Oh much if you fall into the
floor and wake up this baby I will kill
you oh my gosh people are all hyper over
here
apple juice Mountain Dew this is the
first time doing this we might have to
give updates throughout tonight to tell
you how the night goes
the past couple of nights have been
going well I don't know why were
whispering cuz if we talk loud he won't
wake up no
