we have a new roommate yeah definitely
doesn't work closer the reason it's just
make it all the target we're gonna give
away the Lego my still zooming inside
we're gonna give away at the two LEGO
sets right now alright the person that
is getting this set right here let's go
did you see your name do you see a name
do you see named is your name do you see
a name Caitlin Chatterton he picked me
I'll be giving it to my cousin who is
five and is obsessed with Legos going to
message you you just won your cousin
this brand-new box of Lego's spider-man
is on
hey did you get a funny voice mail last
night maybe Noah okay and the winner of
the three industry Pappy's Super Heroes
marvel that take a winner goes to better
criticism it how cool that your mom's
hang out together
Chrissy comment congratulations
Chrissy's Smith that was actually yeah
that's kind of fun what to do I like
that little like clicking I will find
some more things to you boy yes so very
good thank you yo we aren't here at
cheddar burger last day it's not like
I'm actually catching a plane pretty
soon but I got this burger well first of
all these are cheddar tots
we've got this burger with mac and
cheese hella fried jalapenos on it oh my
gosh probably not as excited you are to
see him up here you tired
ambulinia
I love you what do you want guess what
else I brought I brought some tattoos a
pillow fight a new roommate
sharing a room yeah buddy I'm gonna say
none on Daddy's office on asleep in your
room I'm gonna sit in your bed and
you're gonna sleep on the floor oh you
want daddy daddy gonna clean it mommy
oh yeah me too of them that's the UV
cleaner floor your hand I wipe my butt
with my we have extinct tattoos wow
those are cool pirate tattoos Noah and I
got you a special chocolate chocolate
isn't chocolate
wow those were sissy one for app I look
cha yeah robots in the show it's
actually kind of cool the show yeah it's
TV show oh that's the robot
we can another child one of these for
you and one of these from either of you
chocolate
raspberry what is that
YUM yeah mold that's so cool okay look
at that how do you think what do you
think cool show pirate not one sissy
there was ones come on fast
I wanted the character in movie to have
one but again basses instead hey look
this look you both I'm sure it's extinct
so I remember when I was like six or
seven we went to one of my friends in
our old ward we went to the hit their
son's birthday party and it was that
place called Discovery Zone DZ what kids
want to be in that anyways I got a
tattoo there was a pirate it's a face of
a pirate and I put it on my right butt
cheek as a kid like seven years old and
all the dudes would love it I was so
cool it's so popular dude I got so much
trouble from their parents hey gonna get
the backside one yeah what's going on
here now
on her bike cool light dude well you set
an amazing dinner we didn't even film it
we cooked up steak with chimichurri
sauce homemade pizza with the dough and
everything from Trader Joe's and then we
did it made a salad it was so good it is
94 degrees right now it feels like 70
okay it feels like 80 and today was kind
of a mild day it was still 90 something
but I'm like I cannot wait for the next
several months
it is gonna be incredible just in time
for soccer practice you always hide over
here you always hide over here
come on so silly
I transfer me from there from there I'm
gonna do for their way up Nova
all right kick come on come on come on
keep oh I'm gonna get you and go hide in
your little room peekaboo yeah I see you
peekaboo
djay
we're back together again now we're
taking off in a couple days to head back
to Utah but we're gonna stop and Logan
hopefully see Te'o see some friends go
to the wedding have a good time
tomorrow's vlog think we need to have
some interviews even your roommate how's
this gonna go we're gonna vote him out
see ya then
I know you
