wait could you even see that great Ellen
what's up peeps YouTube fam Kamaka is a
beautiful gorgeous Sunday afternoon girl
in a pork chop right there we got some
pork chops going on and the inside on
the pan in there's a lot going on back
there too just recording this get a
one-take there's a lot I want to talk
about first off when you're in the
hospital we came outside and I didn't
talk about this but there was a note on
our car from Chantal Chantal was inside
the hospital at the time that will man
was being born doing a glucose test on
the third floor while we were on the
second floor she left a very beautiful
note she has a snow shack I know her
family gotta stop by we know where that
is we do she probably knows where we
live she said she was stocking will you
were stopped and I'm thinking this is so
nice to read today I had in my backpack
and I kept remembering it and then
finally read it today and it's so nice
for you today another thing so yeah
we're a little competition who can grill
up the better porkchop I'm just kidding
Riley's cooking up a meal and I wanted
to see how it tastes on the grill in
regards to taste on the pan another
thing yesterday in the vlog during the
fireworks portion I played a song
you
homey if there's something you know like
25 20 seconds I forgot to put a link to
that song in the description the crazy
thing is I don't know how I found that
song but here it is on YouTube the song
is by Jesse Smith it's called simple
Friday night guides the song only has
726 views what the heck and it's amazing
the song Holly told me fast for a little
bit such a good song well I had never
heard that song but I thought it was
like some big artist or something yeah
it's really good there's anything Jesse
Smith should be big so guys we did this
one time with the song by jasmine the
Coldplay cover I want you guys to go
check out this song I know a lot of you
guys enjoyed it Jesse deserves a lot
more attention for the music that he
makes that he puts on the internet 726
views are you kidding this guy is way
more talented than me then Jenica than
anyone else I know there's a lot of
times of people out there but I want you
guys to support him he's really
subscribe if you like his music I don't
ask you guys to subscribe to me but
subscribe to him okay cuz it's awesome
he deserves more credit and hopefully I
can use one of his songs for like a full
video one time because I just like when
I listen to his music it's it's music
that I like and I was like man I could
make an awesome video to this song so if
he lets us we'll do that let's see let's
go inside go inside go inside go inside
Oh
LT O'Reilly stretchin see this how's the
food going in here what are we got going
I got pork chops this is loud how do I
turn this off come on
okay porkchops what do you call this
corn stuff corn souffle corn souffle
what's this garlic butter
you made garlic butter detainers really
mean that but master chef someone's been
watching MasterChef we got potatoes it's
gonna be good time yes sir that's my
sister one of you guys love her and some
people have said that we're alike some
people excited were completely different
but what did people used to say we're
two bodies with one brain actually which
is a completely false because we're
obviously two bodies and two brains have
two brains
Sam's wearing shoes but we're normally
the same height and we've been the same
height how tall do you think I just get
away that I'm younger yeah well I asked
some people and 80% of the people said I
was older but 20% said that you acted
like you're the older sister looking at
your younger brother hold a baby for the
first time hundred-percent false
who's older Jenica or Courtney who's
older
Jenica O'Reilly O'Reilly and Courtney
who's the oldest person in this room
wait there's a better question there's
four people homeless at four people in
the gym there's five people in this room
and three of us know Spanish okay
there's four adults in this room and
three of us know Spanish which three are
they is it this girl who is half
Argentine as if this guy that's holding
a baby we just let him in is it this
girl who's holding a knife and talking
about fresh meat is it this guy we
mentioned it yesterday and people are
still asking why is he wearing gloves
because he has talons of fingers that he
just likes to stab people scratched up
his whole arm and his face today
yeah we're gonna cut his nails again
today but they'll grow back so fast cuz
he's super baby
I almost forgot about my pork chop which
I need to flip hold on
there we go I must say I'm quite
impressed with the grill marks these
electric grills give it was good stuff
so answer to the tribute question this
is kind of funny
Courtney Riley and myself we all know
Spanish Jenica half of her family are
from Spanish descent Argentine they're
Argentine they're also from Italy you
know that whole history of whatever but
Jen doesn't speak Spanish us three two
and the reason why we do is because we
serve missions for our church for two
years Courtney a year and a half I was
in the Dominican Republic for two years
Courtney and Riley were both in
California and that's how we know
Spanish my Spanish is definitely not
perfect I also studied in college I
minored in Spanish as well as majoring
in management information systems and
people ask what I studied so there you
go there's a here's a question for you
guys are you going to teach your kids
Spanish cuz the uterus panitch word
cells change your to Spanish church they
go to church all in Spanish do you want
to teach your son or daughters son one
son Spanish yes like you want them to be
spirit you want them to be fluent in
Spanish yeah we're gonna be a bilingual
house so like only Spanish at home all
right
no we we've talked about like having
designated days like like Tuesday
Thursday Saturday we speak Spanish that
sounds like school you guys could be a
really cool family or a really weird one
what about you teach our children
Spanish only if you learn it okay
teach me Spanish we might teach little
Noah a little bit of Spanish but the
truth is is I'm not that great at
Spanish Spanish Clary ah morning this
morning you should've made his middle
name Joseph than a Spanish name would
have been no way Jose
this random guy that just walked in as
jokes oh man
we could still make that happen I'm data
stone I haven't spoken about my mission
like too much but it definitely was a
very influential time in my life two
years living in a foreign land it's
where I met some of the greatest people
I've ever met I mean some of my greatest
friends and the people man I am Maskull
Minicon okay with Latino black it'll
wait back one by the day maybe next
Sunday I can talk about that a little
bit because it was definitely one of the
greatest times of my life I can show you
guys some pictures like this
like this
you guys want to hear more about that I
can talk about it for sure because it
was awesome
anyways I think it's time for dinner oh
I thought it was time for dinner but
apparently his tempered massages what
about you no one needs a cousin King
although he does okay get a kick
whoa it's dancing in me guys it's time
to eat those are good I won't take for
the day go check out that video check
out Courtney and Riley's vlogs I'm just
they don't have any but corny as a blog
let's see if anyone can find it creepy
guys see you tomorrow
where's Lily no way Noah no that's how
it turned out right there baby
compliments to the guy that walked in
and started cooking
you
