what I say in German Lincolnton LasVegas
artificiales
look who's got his fourth of July outfit
on swag swag swag swag swag swag yo
throw up some gang signs where world cup
patriotic dear aunts little babies and
bucket
so I guess forgets the days the guys
happy he forgot to put the toy just like
my birthday that's not that would be
sine theta will be tan
I want a boobies done Jimmy deposit on
Santa
karni wants that baby died Courtney's
pet odors Theon grilling on the fourth
of July is an absolute must
thi Mayo check burger check down to eat
is really awake right now he's only a
week old one week one week possibly for
this woman
like I sweep scintilla dear Jesus today
was a good day I drink lots of milk and
she bravely must oh sorry thank you
mommy
amen it's been a rather relaxing fourth
of July FIFA World Cup making burgers
hot dogs potato salad cooking up
leftovers so you want us to the camera
yeah we just played some basketball
outside almost saved some ducks and now
we're gonna go drive up the hill to go
check out the fireworks but we got to
change this guy first got a little
convenient it--my mmm-hmm
how was your first fourth of July you
had some visitors today
hmmm serious type I see
homey ever something they're very for me
the space to go take me somewhere
falling somewhere boring just thank you
how was your first fourth of July no way
Noah when our new Thomas mucho comemos
mucho dog amber is that to serve him in
canto STD ya ya no puedo Familia
me Tia Coco he do Riley then can turn
Las Vegas artificiales son bonitos he's
a good baby today was a good baby every
day I really love them oh do you
remember fourth of July three years ago
where were you I was with you in Chicago
was me
no listen Rome three years ago here in
New York right yeah it's uh Coney Island
who said that I went to West Point
towards the fireworks we did
it's crazy how fast time flies three
years ago we were in New York with my
sister and some of her friends watching
the fireworks at West Point yeah never
went to the hotdog eating contest was
true that was like my bucket list I had
to see the hot dog eating contest he
hasn't watched that before Joey Chestnut
I was like right when that one dude got
banned and he was like competing across
the street like on a roof or a ceiling
guy feeling we had talked about this
funny but Wow
time has flown I remember people like
when you guys enough kids and stuff like
that soon three years later we got this
little booger right here keep peeing on
himself this is a third shirt today many
of you have asked why is he wearing
mittens and things like that it's cuz he
has really sharp nails and we cut his
nails and fouled him down but they're
still he's still kind of scratching
himself so we were just putting the
gloves on because he loves touching his
face and that way you know he can
protect himself from hurting himself
it's like hard to put on a shirt other
people were worried about the wind
blowing in his face guys it really
wasn't that windy when you're recording
outside though even the slightest breeze
will make the microphone go
so trust us we like we're over sensitive
and like paranoid about certain things
of them so how did you guys celebrate
the fourth see some fireworks some good
ones we used to watch the fireworks on a
boat in Lake Michigan in Chicago and it
was those were the days got to go back
and do that sometime hope you guys had a
great holiday weekend
fourth of July always a good holiday to
celebrate I know this is a worldwide fan
so I hope you guys had a great weekend
do whatever you do yeah and we had fun I
think we had a good time we went out and
saw some fireworks I didn't think we'd
see fireworks but we saw some so that
was cool and it was a beautiful view I I
feel like I didn't do it justice no I
think I did well Darren he's been alert
for the last hour so we got more peeps
coming to visit friends my mother
Courtney and Riley are still here it's a
body it's gonna be a body all my mom all
summer we'll see you guys later
you
