look at you you just stay up all night
and then when it's daytime and bath time
you take it like a champ in your boxing
outfit right now oh good yeah you took
that bath like a champ at home on your
crying for two seconds and then you're
like okay I can take this
I'll just grip daddy's finger yeah good
way to go know what I'm called that was
amazing that was so good it's only you
could take the night like that the same
way you took that bad
himself just right now never done that
before
anyways I I've been kind of like nervous
about this whole like him being a night
owl thing and like trying to put him on
a sleep schedule but I've been reading
some tips um you know the good old
Google and it's really normal for the
first like two weeks it's normal to have
and be like I like some babies are just
night out babies and that it'll start to
change up to like two weeks you know so
that's very comforting because that
having like how do I change this how do
I fix this and from being a night owl to
being more during the day but you know
newborns are gonna be newborns and if he
was a night owl in the womb which he was
he's gonna be a night owl outside the
womb for a few weeks so that's
comforting because I was a little
worried like I'm not doing this
parenting thing right but I am we're
just learning together huh buddy yeah
he's a little sleepy I'm going to try to
put him to sleep right now Angelababy
what's up YouTube fam it is July 3rd
it's starting to drizzle a little bit
it's crazy July 3rd is usually the day
that me and my family would go and do
something big whether it's going to see
fireworks things like that it was never
on July 4th it's usually on July 3rd
which is kind of weird but I'm going to
get some well I had to go take money out
of the ATM machine because we had a dry
clothes or dryers not fixed it I'm the
worst husband got to get that fixed so
uh not to leave the apartment anymore my
mom's coming into town on Monday and I
guarantee if I don't have that dryer
fixed by then she will definitely be
giving me a push I mean like you gotta
get that taken care of
which is good just good I need to get
that taken care of because this is a
pain the little machine that we have to
put money in only takes like five tens
and twenties and I only have singles so
I've got to get some $5 bills
whoa buddy we won't show the poop but
question for ya when you missed that
peeing on yourself when we start yeah
I'm talking to you okay we're down you
keep making that Weiner point up and you
just pee all over the place I'm not
talking about when we take your diaper
if I'm talking about when your diapers
on this voice is really annoying I must
be bothering you just doing the laundry
and this huge wind gust came by and
almost not got a tree like right on
I wasn't back close to it but I was like
20 seconds away from walking and
and appraisal people are so nice we've
had so many people from our ward that
were in here from our church bring food
over like almost every night this week
it's been so nice someone just came over
and brought some pasta and salad and
some amazing looking dessert and it's
just so kind people are so nice and are
just so excited that we have a baby and
it's been wonderful so we're so grateful
because that means I don't have to clean
her cook and that's nice too I'm just so
tired we are people are so nice in our
ward we really like it out here that
looks amazing
guys this is just this dessert it's
amazing I don't know what it is what's
like some like type of like cookie thing
with like berries oh my gosh we're so
lucky
also salmon is just amazing he did all
of our laundry today I just want to
crack that was so nice of him and he's
exhausted and this kid is just a night
owl I tell you and now please tell me
you mom to a denial baby survived
because it's so tiring but I did get a
little nap in just now so that was nice
hey you ever gonna wake up yes in the
new plan we got in our house it's pretty
cool it's right here yep see that got
like a butterfly and some branches and
grass this is where we just you know wow
we water it every day with like milk
it's pretty cool total meltdown in three
two one last uh dude work with me come
on
oh there we go
and just put my pants dad somebody's
outside for like the first time on his
first walk it's like we're like he's a
doll or something yeah let's go for your
first luck Noah this guy is looking a
little interesting nice to be this is
what the outside worlds like feels nice
now but just wait till winter it's
incredibly windy right now so I'm trying
the wind reduction feature on the camera
you might not hear me
well maybe you hear me better so I'm
just doing this to see what it's like I
just want to know it sounds like it's
really windy gasps yeah that's yeah this
guy's in for a lot of great things in
his life oh he's just dreaming about him
right now or he's dreaming about booby
milk that's pretty good stuff to be in
for today you keep smelling when I'm
bouncing in there when I stop oh look
that doesn't look real guys that's real
real life right there we're waiting
Frank cocoa and uncle Riley I'm just
gonna sit here waiting until they show
up
oh my gosh no don't be quiet because
he's awake no no sorry smells like
babies in here gradual stay right is he
you know this is kind of the moment of
the night room is that if he wants to be
sweet beer smells like I'm gonna keep
talking to you on the phone with my
brother that was hilarious seems walks
over the play in two forks Riley would
you like some of this
uncured salami oh my gosh this is
hilarious I feel like I'm intruding you
guys are like family today is actually
try forth now we're wrapping up Qualicum
the day we're about to post it bout to
edit this posted right now
happy 4th of July to all of my all my
ganks to everyone else in the world
happy 4th of July happy whatever day
you're celebrating every day happy happy
day yeah good luck guys until tomorrow
see you then
you
