this little guy looks so different today
he's no more eyebrow roll he's gonna
wait for a long time this morning I knew
try to go to sleep so I didn't stay up
all night
see hi peeps hi hi Jacobs I cook for the
worst oh hi
you aimed everyone good nutritious
he's gonna wake so much today it's
making me nervous
you gonna sleep all day and party all
night that is how I like to live my life
I am Noah Danny TV's just like shut up
dead you're crazy you need to go to
sleep he's gonna be awake all night this
is what I like to call Noah's thinking
post what are you thinking about sir
just pondering away oh no he's got a
Gogi vase somebody just had a big poops
jeah my dad TMI no one needs to know
where my poop that wife just this face
your smile oh yeah there's a smile
yo we're going to go try on those new
Jordan futures the great ones that came
out today and what gray what pretty lame
Africa will be wearing that stoked
they look good we look great yeah I
changed my mind about the phenomenal
they're so sleepy Wow let's look real
clean
she liked the word agreements like yeah
they're great they look super nice I
wasn't I didn't think I'd like them and
then you put them on I love them
y'all think y'all think how'd it feel
consensus heroes like I just called
heroes family cut my bad
the DeRose baby yeah I ain't good this
restriction on what here's a lego store
Legos building a mini right now I'm
making a super saiyan 3 mini this is a
Goku the Super Saiyan 3 mini or Loki
yeah what I didn't know is they have she
needs to be a ninja turtles that's
awesome
by far my favorite right here
Michelangelo that is awesome
and look in the grey ones cuz it's
Jordan future I want to get the Jordans
from the year my son was born and why
not get the grandmother combination so
in a lot you guys really think they're
ugly I like them though and they are the
comfiest shoes I've ever put up people
on our ward are super nice and they
bring us food tonight someone brought us
KFC excuse like apologizing for it I
know she's also back I shouldn't like
and make a meal and like no here's so
nice just even bring us food I'm like
dang I love KFC I love me some chicken
wings some mashed potatoes and gravy
people are taking care of us feels good
oh I was Mickey he's crying you crying
generally just crying because I strike
now lies I feed on itself
Oh doing
Casa Coleman many more friends he looks
looking scaring at you I saw your video
and I was like at work but I'm like this
is such a bad idea about my last are
crying for welcome popularity gonna come
you can help me by giving me a tissue hi
nice hat legal cross-eyed cross-eyed win
their little is meditating if you go
gobo gobo no dad the gamer and see you
dad with the camera right there hey
what's up daddy
yeah hey what's up oh this is bluey milk
your mother thinks it
you know it's not bad it just tastes
like milk oh dude he's just like milk it
tastes just like milk there's no
difference no difference no no fun not
bad
that was your sisters my sisters boob
milk don't even try it
good it's not bad it's just like milk
nutritious hey it worked it worked
Oh his nose roll is disappearing Oh No
everybody join us now the idea of the
craziest bands in the world yeah I
believe so pink
maybe not the craziest but for the pink
yes top 33 top dating case and that is
how you a baby you like that are you
crazy
that camera again did you can load my
face before I head buddy he was like so
much chubby around the screen like I'm
looking at him and he doesn't look
Trebek some from 11:00 but you see his
jowls
it was crazier yes dear Nate you
Wow he's eating contest he's taking us
you got this
don't blink now I don't blink beat
everyone Oh Andy it dude why'd you go oh
good yarn buddy okay shh shh people
don't tell you when you're pregnant that
babies are gonna wail sometimes and then
the baby's there and it's crying you
don't know what to do I was thinking
about it babies have
so often from milk and eating which is
totally normal
we need to figure out a way to like keep
that book work just going on terms okay
somehow grow without getting all that
gassy tummies it's just part of them
learning how to use their bowels yeah
it's true
but it's really sad he didn't like it
thank goodness for that great water let
me tell ya okay next time we use it
we're gonna record it cuz like he was
wailing and then I put tiny little drop
in his mouth and he was just like and
stop crying yep then he pooped right
after and then he did this face worn up
yo I was mild I'm crying because I'm
stuck with you guys Oh mmm dad funny
yeah I love that side soil kills me he's
getting ready to fall asleep drop a big
doodoo oh that's the biggest smile I've
ever seen - dude you look so funny on
camera right now doesn't he he looks a
lot different person's like a different
that I can't believe we captured that my
little bit yeah that's gold baby
that's how amazing that was a big open
mouth smile yeah
bless you a little bit oh then you got a
good hair on the sides don't get the old
man hair you guys think I can never be
enough Noah footage so here you go oh
yeah oh it is how long was on there for
sup peeps and I'm a day another day
older
where is he there yes ahh we've been
sleeping and sleeping how
feeling pretty good just some headaches
but that's your sleep deprivation I
think mom gifts you moms out there and
dads he did all the laundry today huh
what Evers mi familia que habla espanol
les amo con todo mi corazon
- no puede ver soy un Beibei my dad no
tomorrow
Courtney and Riley are coming do you
guys know who aunt Koko and Riley are
have you seen them in the vlogs before
because I know for some people they're
their favorites Amica family members
their supporters have did I have to give
you a little preview what they're like
rat heart anything else you want to say
to the world look at you know you're
here without any makeup on looking
gorgeous as always I wouldn't make the
one all week except for the doctor's
office you look good girl why bother
making when I'm inside all day someone's
in the end up committing genic is
letting yourself this Sam's gonna leave
her but I know the Austral you'll be a
family forever that's how we do see you
guys tomorrow
please say goodbye head butt
you
