that's someone
morning guys
we're in the car heading to Nellas first
doctor's appointment it's just as like -
a checkup
so we are in the call and we're going
see how he's doing
and Sam's our chauffeur - doctors only
vamos familia I just sounded like I
think all newborns have a permanent
scowl well it looks just like Jackson do
with that little mind the brow face he
doesn't he has like the tiniest oh I
just it's like the tiniest little hairs
right here but it's just like skin rugs
he's got rolled brows Chuck brows I love
this little roll on his nose
so funny place it might be dr. Seuss on
wall but he was crying so hard getting
his tests done the test went well right
yep except for the crying cuz the lady
can get his but yeah I read she was like
pinching him I mean he was like wailing
am I gonna stop now but he was in like
the 80th percentile of height weight and
everything like and big head where did
he get that from and I wonder how could
this not be more precious
so cute I do boys right there this is
pretty much what we do all day actually
that's not true at all cuz we're not
sleeping a lot
the he is it's not right
watching the World Cup - USA vs. Belgium
you might have a chance we didn't win
Tim Harrods bestow whooping dancing
pooping dancing pooping dancing yeah
yeah yeah yeah Angry Men Angry Men Angry
Men Oh hungry boy
look I'm search for it I will are you
looking for hey world are you looking Oh
spud your eyebrows well I'm on a mission
right now to get oh I am on a mission
right now to get some homeopathic drops
for tummy aches yes pains things like
that for babies now I bet there's a lot
of parents out you being like hey that's
a bad idea
mm-hmm don't do that mm-hmm well we just
want to have some on deck just in case
so deal with it you back outside get
some fresh air today it's like before
noise here but Noah's here now
just shooting some hoops we've been
inside all day long so it's nice to be
outside for a little bit
well my mom is inside watching him sleep
well we get some fresh air nice to get
some fresh air after having a baby those
are just inside a lot but it's wonderful
Sam just asked me how it felt not the
baby in here so weird it's weird cuz
it's been like not nine months a huge
belly one on one yeah maybe after the
jiggle is a little tighter and the
stitches are gone I mean let me restart
what I'm gonna say I'm still pretty sore
from the baby birthing activities so
there's gonna be no jogging her being
ball girl for me today just fresh air
same ass to rebound his own balls today
checking out the light got your eyes
open dudes a night out straight night
out sleeps all day parties all night Oh
from he cries when he wants to where
does he get that from gonna be just oh
yes
hopefully won't stay oh yeah good cute
just chill the staff yeah we're just
hanging out hashtag smooth chilly
a few moments later this is aside you
guys don't seem so okay it's too sad
yeah unfortunately he does this once a
night but late at night so hopefully
makes let me try it out now earlier okay
time to see them time to do them
we hear this helps get the poop out and
gasps little legs movements little legs
it's like everything went to his upper
body
I don't have to have yeah little chicken
legs work that gas out work it out we're
getting out wanted to enter in and what
if she entry and every I wanted to empty
it
how's that feel Betty didn't they get
out yeah that's a good thank you
we've spent most of the day in bed today
yes I have you have two men I thought in
bed all day
oh yeah oh yeah and then you went you
put some basketball
oh yeah I think you haven't been better
all except set up on the video oh yeah
you probably was Ling Here I am look of
you you look like you need to be in bed
more say I'm not I'm taking one nap you
guys like during the day at all and he
needs to take a nap look at his face and
he's been helping a lot at night like I
needed yeah big s sleeping away I think
can you give me something if you like
pop out I grab it so it's not like you
sleeping through the whole night it's
all good I'm used to late nights
so like I've been tired waking up but
I'm awake I'm good to go
catching up on my vlogs right now that
we missed watching all the VidCon vlogs
looks like it was a lot of fun this guy
I'll tuck it out after watching those
vlogs it's been a good baby tonight I
gave him just like two tiny drops of the
grape butter and he was like just like
that
maybe super happy and then he fell
asleep video subscribe to that won't let
me
videos back of times that's how many
folks I'd like videos I haven't seen so
now I'm just gonna sit in this chair all
night and catch up on everything
so we celebrated Noah's birthday today
all you guys sent stuff we're gonna go
over that right now
that's a nipple on my wallet like I'd
said before we had been to the peel box
in a little bit so we were just like I
went over and I decided hey let's open
them all up and celebrate no it's
birthday because I bet most of stuff is
for him and that is awesome Fame a
katene is from Carrie she knows I love
chips so she got ketchup chips is a
Canadian thing Carrie from Canada cute I
can't go so cute thanks Carrie this is
from Reagan and I love that name she got
a little ticker Randolph from Disneyland
a little picture
thanks for a game we love it this is
Tina amazing they must have seemed that
they saw the blog when we were running a
wiener dog we fit this one I'm sorry you
gets to hold this just the picture a
little wiener dog thanks guys and these
are well Victor from Carly Smith look
how cute they are there's little whales
and she even drew a little whale on the
package so cute that's Carly she did the
coolest letter I've ever seen look at
all these different things about us like
the mountains she would pay like si
Racha baby tacos unbelievable the best
handwriting I have ever seen in my life
and best drawing seems amazing thank you
so much Carly we really appreciate it
this is from Desiree and this gift is
incredible all these are amazing this
one was a Chicago Bulls bid it says what
do I stand on it she also gave us Jean
Soup for the Soul for new moms Chicago
baby book and that book is so cute I
look through it are you my mother
and just me and my dad oh this is so
thoughtful and I especially love this
because it has all these different
things about Chicago let's say Dadda
they saved the bear
awesome thanks so much Desiree so
wonderful now we need to get a bookshelf
for a little man so thoughtful okay guys
this is from Nadia and it is so cute I
love my say makup Amica I can't when
he's gonna be this big soon thanks Nadia
this for my boy Logan he wanted to
surprise this and he still did because
look at this shirt
sanika blogs on the back sanika oh sweet
I want to wear this like tomorrow thanks
Logan even though we didn't sorry
actually it did come up at one point
first off look how cute this card is
super cute super sweet this stuff is
from Liz this adorable little outfit
look at these overalls a little green
shirt and some shoes thanks Liz this is
from Mary go Tigers so these are a bunch
of letters that we receive and we are
reading all of them so we're gonna do a
little snippet I've been on camera well
Jessica today is your lucky day
oh the J oh thank you so it says those
adorable princess on it thank you so
much Jessica that is so sweet
love it aunt reduce a picture I have to
give that wall up golly I know weird
let's do this week love Courtney and
Riley hopeless okay there's an about me
letter right here well guess what we
about to find out all about you thinking
it's got your YouTube Instagram Twitter
please open on camera call me maybe
let's call it right now
what has your number let's call her no
let's call her okay
that's pretty cool we're gonna call it a
current colors print color here pink
color so she won't know until she sees
this which will be tonight oh no no we
should tell her that's us what if she
doesn't pick up we leave a message
hey Jessica we just got your letter I'm
reading it right now and we wanted to
talk to you but you didn't pick up you
need to pick up so I guess we'll just
have to call you another time but thanks
so much for your letter and for the
necklace
thanks for the necklace she was sweetest
have a good night bye that's so fun I
can't wait I cannot wait murder to get
that message this is from Alexis she
made this this is like the one of the
first like little Wayne posters which we
need to put up on the wall that we made
on Ike but she said that she loves the
blog stitch from New Jersey she found
out about us from the night Vince
yes that's also what's up Alexis here
you go shout hi this is from Alex and I
like two things first this is amazing
secondly the letter was really nice and
I love how there's drawings on the whole
I used to her letter was so sweet and
she's only 14 she was so kind you family
I'm so glad you guys feel the love as
family that like it makes me so happy
that like you guys come on each other's
Commons and I'll like welcome each other
when there's someone new oh yeah if you
ask how they're doing people say I'm
having a bad day and people say I hope
you have a better day it's just I love
it it's like you guys our viewers our
family are so wonderful so thanks guys
this letters from Sydney and it was
sealed with a basketball sticker I like
you with the cupcake and that Sydney and
she has two dogs guys we hand count you
guys dogs and cats okay rocky Oh a dog
named Cooper and two cats named rocky
and Skippy we're getting to know you
guys and this is it's amazing to put
faces with black people
yeah seriously text or whatever Ali
wrote us the nicest letter and also drew
some mountain dew baja blast and mist
turtle I like titles this amazing little
package came all the way from Germany
from Juwanna pretty sure joanna is the
one that had the sticker that's a damn
akan jadi dance party
we know she's right here Oh yep sure is
and she is awesome she said so many
awesome little things she even like
wrote a little note just for a little
man and it is the cutest onesie that is
stylin oh my goodness can I wear that
some clothes she like
individually-wrapped most adorable
little packages like one that says
sweets yeah that says okay first of all
I'm so glad I open this now because
Germany still in the World Cup and I'm
gonna wear this while I'm watching the
game okay but look how keep the
packaging is seriously Jonna you outdid
yourself girl apparently this is what
it's like in Germany and this means
greeting Slits shits her bouquet Dame
swing staining in the cookies named
sweet package she said German chocolate
and German yes so good I'm hungry let's
go sided she said this is self-made she
hand made this bib for a little man the
giraffe is incredible adorable is that
oh my gosh she also made us this
adorable pacifier holder
Jenica this is a first diaper bag umm
what wipes bag I ever did hope you liked
it and that it's comfy this is the most
adorable giraffe pattern ever love it so
those were the cookies and these are the
sweets she's not dancing
I am so excited try to sweet nothing o
sounds so good Wow oh my goodness are
you Cola
mm-hmm thanks Shauna those goodness
handmade sweet candy all this is that my
new favorite candy I have ever eaten
this one's even Wow mm-hmm don't you
really got it good
mmm-hmm thank you so much everyone you
guys are all incredible and so
supportive and wonderful and we love you
all so much
Noah loved it so much she's passed out
right now but we're gonna show him all
this stuff in the morning he's gonna
love it
guys are seriously the best honestly
people friends are like hey what can we
get you guys we're like we don't need
anything everyone is like supported us
so much and we have everything we need
thanks to you guys and it's amazing so
thank you we love you guys so much we
love you thank you love you
