Oh sour face
but I was sitting up waiting like okay
I'll just wait on my man trees I'll just
wait ya know those are the times I'll go
away please sleep look at that head try
having that caught your butt to that if
you think he looks are going to your
children
yeah which ones you little calves are so
little anything face is cleared up that
fast don't they get worse before they
get better times they do depending on
the medication mom goes through another
day when she had her big belly
it was acting like she weird that more
torturous the
enjoy your freakin twelve seconds later
these two are so weird
see they always are the wolf fine okay
look at that's the first smile I've seen
anyone like that
are you seriously already dad I'm so
sick of that camera man so annoying all
you do is blend in my face I just close
my eyes and open my mouth and go I've
never heard someone hoping for a poopy
diaper
I'll take million poopy diapers sure if
those poops out buddy
just poop him out but he is on to milk
poops which is nice because we wait you
these are clean
yeah it's no longer that black tar or
just regular poopy poop giving him in
the rock release yeah makes him sleepy
too
a few moments later no I got a lot of
gifts lately I've been calling them
gifts for a birthday party because a lot
of you guys have sent stuff to the PIO
box and so we've been saving him for
when he got here so that he could open
them with us even though look it like it
in my mouth yeah it's straight passed
out yeah you guys just had a nice little
nap huh rocking he's so comfy and--you
exact um fee yeah okay these pillows are
amazing yeah you didn't really catch the
pose of the hospital yeah so this is
from my buddy or my really good friends
Alex it's addressed to Noah my godson
Anderson the first package adjust the
end oh my gosh no Anderson I just
realized that I know the signs the
awesome suppose you guys have seen Alex
in videos yeah you mean the music video
here
and New York dancing here Davina mm-hmm
oh boy I can only imagine what he did
you spoiled this kid didn't me did he
spoil this kid oh yeah you're gonna love
this this is amazing he won't be able to
rock these two later but did he game
shoes oh my gosh
that matter to you are you serious
matching mine and these are the ones
that I wore when he was born
he's gonna be so rock and ice
kindergarten you better make sure we
keep those in a nice clean safe place
he's gonna be matching his dad there's
like my dream right here seriously oh
gosh oh so these are like for like a
pretty big kid you know mm-hmm I feel
like that day will be here faster than
we know it because he's already got big
feet obviously not this big
not even close yeah man I love it so
Billy's knew that I were these the days
boy look at that
thanks Alex you're the best thanks Alex
thanks Godfather Padrino know what that
means
how do you know means Godfather oh
thanks oh it's our face is from Christy
and I have the news is cuz i watch her
blogs amazing
it's the Icelandic sweater wait you got
that material in Iceland no oh oh yeah
buncha from Iceland Wow
can you believe she made this look at
that's like a heavy-duty stitch right
there
that is awesome amazing look at the
colors and you swagged out on that
seriously where's one day he'll fit in
this it is so crazy that look good
how do you like it Noah thanks aunt
Christy thanks Christy in case you can't
tell he loves it
look at him ya know I seen his arms up
he's like yeah Amen sister thanks mama
no guys I can't get over this site you
feel like a permanent scowl right now I
know
yeah can you relax that for you mm-hmm
it's like overlapping is baby's nose I
know look at that skin early he'll grow
into it though it's so precious I could
sit here all day and be content
this is what's helping get this gas out
guys remember it's gas I just hand them
off little grandma cat laughs action
last time we were on this road he speak
speed bumps Jenna had a big belly we're
trying to walk that baby out now our
brothers here hey and Jen's resting yeah
this little guys got the hiccups
huh excuse you touchdown this girl just
took the most deserve nap ever just
going back into it we're gonna let her
sleep mom's superhero Bart powers like
unbelievable I don't know how you do it
it's only been a couple days I'm just
like holy cow yeah we're doing fireworks
right now that big guy right there
in general enjoy that right after I've
become a father I should get the whoa
daddy or the crowd-pleaser from this is
Russ Keaton's name it's super missile
man you too man whoa daddy okay I don't
want to say what street name that's on
but never buy fireworks from there
because they just accused us of stealing
fireworks we're walking out this lady's
like yo put him back into your pockets
hey what and we're like way
which is like you guys put something in
your pocket you guys are quitting
firework in your pocket I was like
okay full only stuff I was like I got a
wallet it is excited dudes oh yeah who
are you terrible I'm incredibly offended
right now I am sooo don't go buy
fireworks from there I might say where
it's from cuz they don't deserve any
business though I got complimented on my
shirt though that's cuz this place ever
is better we're at the grocery store
there's this bullet shells show casings
hot and spicy seriously what is this
Altamira need still debating whether I
should get a nerf gun for work in all
our nerf wars and I just ran into this
guy right here
oh yeah that's kind of creepy touchdown
touchdown touchdown shut up :
and Katie and Maci gains a big red ball
this guy's just been sitting here
looking at me all night he's just
totally awake right now no we're trying
to get faster speed internet higher
speeds see if comcast will pull through
for me get these vlogs up faster don't
you think don't you think family of
three
and how do we get that one in the shot
there we go so Jen's dad came out for
the day he was out here before less than
24 hours 7 flew in flew out was fun to
see him got to be this first grandson
grandbaby hmm
this guy's been pretty good I know there
are a lot of new people have subscribed
lately so no telling what's up hi guys
yeah well it's a little floppy right now
guys thanks for checking our channel
thanks for subscribing and we hope you
guys are enjoying our videos keep doing
these so we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
