is this thing on WFAN we are chilling in
our bedroom right now
Jenna's getting some grub and this dude
straight passed out smooth chillin
hashtag smooth chillin all day look at
that that is the life right there
isn't that right he's like yeah look at
that he's throwing up a sign right now
where's the Miami I'm not sure I'm just
throwing this online real quick because
we haven't been editing the vlogs that
much we've been busy in case you guys
can tell so I'm gonna throw this online
I just wanted you give you guys a quick
update we're going to edit a vlog and a
little bit and it'll probably be up
around 1 o'clock midnight hour time
mountain time so don't stay up for it
you can watch in the morning and then
we'll try and get on a better schedule
see they're gonna stamp because they no
one's coming so that's what's going on
right now I just wanted to let you guys
know and the normal schedule will be
back soon I just like today I got a
tweet from Kiwi and I was like crap
you're right there's no blog yet I
haven't even thought about it so let me
get back on that don't you guys worry
let's get some more shots of this little
guy do you guys love the shots a little
Noah I don't want to over like you know
put too many and you guys be sick of him
or anything
who could be sick of that face so that's
what's going on see guys later purse
