you
good morning YouTube fam today is
Saturday now the day's the past couple
days have just blended together because
Thursday was the day we came to the
hospital and tomorrow Sunday's the day
will be leaving only Thursday late oh
yeah I was practically Friday but we
went through our first night with a
little baby Noah and for me I slept
through like bowl night smin I stink oh
I can't show you generate out because
she's breastfeeding but as far as I'm
concerned I think the night went pretty
well
I was asleep for most of it Jen got
woken up a million times to get test run
this and that to feed little man but he
slept through the night pretty well he's
got what appears to be bad dreams while
he's sleeping sometimes he's just like
but he is so cute Oh ever she has you'd
see him right now
hey buddy how's it going you've been
here with us for a day he's just like in
a food coma right now had a burping so
he wakes back up keep eating food KOMO
if you do he just ate a lot of food we
just got some flowers to spruce up this
hospital room to our beautiful and brave
daughter-in-law we love you Doug and
Lisa mom and dad you're the best you got
the World Cup on deck I just got Jen
some strawberry lemonade freshly
squeezed
I don't know if that's possible large
strawberry lemon aged got some
strawberry shortcake and some Nuggets
after two met yeah what's hard to eat
yesterday but now he's eating more so I
think I'm hungry
how was last night like all night and
everything cuz I was pretty much just
passed out like a terrible husband
it really wasn't bad honestly like that
the little bits of sleep that I got felt
longer than
where someone's good he probably would
have slept the whole night if they
didn't come and like check on us and
stuff besides to eat but as I was pretty
successful at that I would say last
night was a really good night I'll just
say that for the first night like I'm
tired but like I don't feel like dead
that's good
mm-hmm this guy here yeah and he was
doing well doing really well yeah I got
to you so here is some perfect really
fun
oh yeah he's hot off help me write these
your baby Noah's first visitors he
seriously his hair it's like a little
like duckling are you doing metal yeah I
think I'll have your coloring so I was
like you see it looked a lot like pin to
any other thing both of you you all had
big black hair like yeah so I think the
elevator is stuck I've clicked the to
button it's not moving so I click the
one button to see if the door would open
and nothing is happening oh this is
great I'm trapped in an elevator awesome
no sir opened hopefully this elevator
works I was slightly scary you moving
here we go okay yeah some people like it
I heard it's like do you guys need
anything else are you good thank you so
much
hey guys today is Saturday and we're
doing just another one take today kind
of maybe I'll throw in some other clips
but we want to share the birth vlog
tomorrow on Sunday I didn't want to be
editing it today because gotta be here
for my baby can't be here for both
babies yeah so we're about to have our
special dinner but look who's awake you
know hey you have a lily on sleepy buddy
you wake his eyes open a couple seconds
ago he just had a lot of milk well I
guess it's not milk yet but he who is
this we're all these people looking at
you oh gee what do you do though he's
looking around he's had his eyes closed
all day so he's just kind of getting
familiar with everything he's super cute
I I'm probably being biased cuz I'm his
dad
I think he's pretty cute yeah
well Noah little guy hey so nice he
barely cries he's been such a good baby
the past 24 hours we'll see how that
goes but we love him so much and this
this is our special dinner tonight looks
like we had some salad butter balls
ranch much little dessert some
Martinelli's sparkling apple juice and
what's under here a little uh steak
mashed potatoes Alex that's like bad and
some pasta and mashed potatoes the rolls
and that's Chuck's I'm terrible is
really yeah oh it's cheesecake oh dang I
mean any excited oh cool thing on
yeah she seems all I think almond
desserts I got chocolate cherry so yeah
another day in the hospital we're gonna
be heading home tomorrow on Sunday if
everything's going well since he was
such a big baby
uh I mean he's a small baby but he's
bigger than most newborns they had to do
a lot of blood sugar level testings and
things like that but he's doing well
he's been drinking his mama's stuff and
he passed so we're gonna be able to
bring him home soon we're excited was he
so just how his eyes open
what are you looking at Oh looking at
your name yeah I know that's what you're
stuck with for the rest of your life how
do you feel about that you cool with
that it been so far a hospital sweet
Lexie chewy you're tender it's real neat
must days aren't terrible epital salt on
mine they're not great yeah mine is a
little weird lunch looks normal
variation spot cannot miss my lady yes
please sir do indeed pull me through
that back knee here you go my lady
thank you say
let's see this summarizes the meal I was
trying to cut the meat and it flew off
the plate and on to me yeah I don't
remember asking for like science of
vegetable well you're making sure you
get your veggies we're no longer
appointed to we're now part of three and
he just wanted to join us at the party
someone was feeling a little bit of gas
or something I just being lonely so he's
like mom come pick me up
I was cuddling with his mommy Turkey you
big boy
Jen's mom just arrived from California
but she broke her leg on her way in
Vegas and still drove here that's what I
call a mother on mission I'm going to
grab her right now because she just got
x-rays done and it's broken so what
happened let's hear it Cory was stopped
to get gas outside of Vegas on our way
to see beautiful baby you guys and the
gas tank cord was all twisted so when I
twisted it put it in my car
stepping over and it read twisted as I
was pulling my leg over and captured my
ankle twisted me knocked me to the
ground this built it
he said it's shards he saw the picture
yeah I could tell it was broken we drove
six hours to get here because he let me
see the baby
so we came here for oh that's a good
story though I was a bad man nobody like
offered to help me I was like pulling
myself up with a car and I was trying to
keep I didn't when I pull it I was
afraid I was going to pull it out of the
gas tanks for a gas everywhere look at
this food coma the jizz happened this
straight Zonk tao baby Oh dad nap time
that's so funny he was eating it all
seriously Wow
goodbye in 1 2 3 words describe how you
feel holding that little guy nerves holy
yeah holy like what like you have holes
in you or you not yeah yeah yeah
definitely
who's good yeah very it's a very
spiritual experience very unique I've
held lots of newborns before what about
the fact that this is like related to me
directly is depression a company it's
kind of a spiritual experience I'm not
I'm not experienced ever this is this is
the reason I this is all I want
you know it's like awesome yeah this is
amazing
good his feets have been pricked so much
cuz they had to check for his blood
sugar level stuff look at all those
little bandages I'm like nervous when an
appeal is little why okay okay there's a
thigh tag like you're still happy
they're over here
oh yeah it's with Mama I heard we just
made some mommy my ties which are let's
see half spray two thirds OJ one-third
cranberry going off that little thing
looks a little bit like BS mm-hmm-hmm
how's it taste
I think it's good I add one last night I
think any more carbonation little mommy
might I sit what's up guys so another
one take today I wish you could see this
view
son kind of seen pretty beautiful last
night is one of those days like I was so
tired so just like exhausted but I
didn't want to go to bed I just didn't
want the day to end today feels like
another one of those days and I feel
like those are going to just keep
happening this is just man great moments
in life ones that you just want to
treasure and not let go and we'll look
back on this and be like holy cow no
you're so little
it's so big yet I don't even know
anymore it's crazy
hey peas here a fat I'm gonna upload
this vlog right now it's kind of like I
get a one take and then tomorrow I'm
gonna post the birth blog it's coming
Andrew got a little taste of it it's
emotional yeah you are one to cry you
will cry or one not to cry you okay
you'll doubt everything you've ever done
in life and so yeah guys thanks for
being patient with me and with Jen and
little Noah I just have to be husband
first so I didn't want to put a lot of
time into editing in that you know I'd
all I did tonight when Jen falls asleep
and things have calmed down so you guys
will be seeing that tomorrow it's gonna
be great we love you guys see you then
peace
you
