well guys today was the day that our
life forever changed so we're just doing
a little one take to give you guys an
update on what's going on sitting here
in a new hospital room we are out of the
room where the little man was born today
June 27th at 127 p.m. got mama over here
hanging out you look great though he
seriously likes oh my gosh for what you
just went through you look amazing look
at this little guy over here this little
guy just taking a little nap oh hey bud
it's your first time on the vlog what's
his name Anderson Noah gray Anderson
right here this little guy that's the
name of a little man thought about
saving it for the video
it was birth but I kind of just got
really excited and what's the point I
wasn't even thinking about maybe not
showing him but yeah wow what a day no
I'm not sure yet when we'll post that
video of everything it's crazy we've
been awake for the past 24 plus hours
Jen was in labor for a long time pushing
for a very long time but now we have
this his head circumference was 38
inches or something and he was 22 inches
long and it was really hard yeah it's
got a big head
we are so happy though and so grateful
for you guys a lot of people are sending
us the most encouraging tweets people
were praying for us there were moments
last night were think it's got pretty
like in my head I was like wow this is
intense but it was so nice to think
about all the people that were thinking
about us and praying for us and I think
it really helped so there he is Barry
this little man he is so cute so this is
what you get today a quick little one
take and we post more videos I mean this
is this is just the beginning of our
lives I mean this is post low man era
this is it's gonna be hard to think
about life before this and yeah sure
Jenica is no longer pregnant no my
stomach is so squishy when they push on
it it's crazy how squishy doesn't feel
it it's question whoa whoa whoa that's
weird it's so that's kind of weird yeah
so we love you guys Jen loves you guys a
little baby Noah loves you guys too
right now we got a rest up I gotta eat I
haven't eaten in forever so see you guys
tomorrow
love ya
