weird good morning today is Wednesday
June 25th 2014 the day that little man
is supposed to come
will he come today probably not I don't
know
dad's gonna have an appointment she's
leaving in about an hour we're gonna
cook up some lunch right now
she's eating pop-tarts every night okay
hook up we're gonna cook up some hot
dogs we love these hot dogs you got to
get the all beef Hebrew National oh man
you know hot dogs in general aren't that
good for you but these hot dogs taste so
good and I'm the grill they've been just
phenomenal lately so that's what we're
doing today we're gonna see you know if
we're gonna set up an induction
induction day is there we go
induction date for this guy but we're
gonna keep doing our best to get him to
come earlier because although it may not
be a hundred percent natural for just
eating spicy food and things like that
we want to meet this guy dude
we want to meet you let's make it happen
I'm going to my 40 week appointment yep
today is his due date and I don't I've
made it in progress but today I must say
I'm feeling a lot more positive about
everything I just feel good today
so either way I'm feeling good I'm gonna
be even better became hoping to hear
some good news in progress
yep but if not I won't be I was
discouraged last week I was discouraged
but this week I thought okay I'm feeling
good when the time is right it's a new
dawn it's a new day
oh hey tell you one recognize me
you're home I'm on the second with my
induction date July 2nd not James check
it out they put a new net up I don't see
how long you'll stay
it's too hot to have became right there
so I brought it back I'm gonna play some
bonds what hey guys so I just got back
from the doctor there's no new changes
which I knew going into the appointment
because I haven't had any contractions
except for his head was lower so that's
good she said that his head's at least
lower but I'm still on to one and the
only 90% of faced but that's okay I am
NOT disappointed I'm actually feeling
really good today because we have an
induction date in sight July 2nd is his
final eviction notice it's set July 2nd
so we're gonna head in on that day next
Wednesday super early
I like 7:00 a.m. it's like everything's
okay and there's a good bed available
and things like that she said we'll
probably have him by that evening
because he's so low she's thinking
hopefully things will go quickly but you
just you can't protect predict labor so
it could be the second or the third so
at least we have a date in sight and
that's what makes me feel better at
least there's a number one this is gonna
be over although I have loved every
minute of it most most of most minutes
it's been a beautiful experience but she
went ahead as different membranes again
and this time it was a lot more painful
it was not fun because he's so low it
just ooh did not like that anyways I'm
hoping that it spurs something on so I'm
gonna go outside and run around for a
bit with Sam and then maybe go to the
gym walk a little bit so we'll see oh
man
I wonder if we can see how sweaty I am
that groves got a good workout in and
now I'm gonna jump in the pool with my
sweaty self and just gross everybody out
let's do it
Sam's gonna jump in the pool I'm
assuming upon you
how's it feel sir wait how's it feel
refreshing I could just lay here all day
you guys I'm so nervous standing here
next to the camp with the camera by the
water that looks very refreshing
my goal right now is to become one with
a little man to experience everything
he's feeling relaxing that's why he
doesn't want to come out how there's
some awesome little holes of light over
here don't stick your face a little
forward beautiful lighting yeah just
kidding okay let's go weird hey guys
well still trying to get used to this
new camera I just got back from the gym
I was that for like an hour it's maybe
battle help so that's good so it's like
two two or more hours of like walking
around and running and lots of stuff
whatever will help shimmy him down right
I know that's a cute face that people
will probably screenshot now it seems
that where he won't be home for a while
so I'm just gonna be hanging out trying
to get this baby out all right talk to
you later
pretty fun day bye and hope you guys are
having a good con by just skyping
someone over there let me zoom in on it
I'm squeezing your head boo boo boo
Sam's making eggs at 2:18 in the morning
hungry while skyping AAP I'm hungry cuz
I feel like this will just finish the
night off perfectly and we're about to
marinade some chicken right here I like
my eggs Oh
and scrambled can we all just take a
moment to appreciate how beautiful this
is the perfect 2 a.m. snack isn't that
right I was gonna clean that up it's
just too hot right now that's the
perfect combination
watermelon chicken watermelon seasoning
on that chicken I almost forgot the most
important ingredient of them all what's
the most important ingredient of them
all well there's two sriracha and
avocado there there we go you're so
weird
Andrew he's so weird the Bronx baby
punch of fist tonight
I can hear your posture inside can you
really yeah okay you too much today I
had a lot of snacks it's pretty late
right now my pillow is currently purple
Jen's is gray find this feathers in it
hers is memory foam I think I have
allergies like allergic reaction to this
these feathers though because I wake up
every morning and I'm just like tomorrow
is gonna be an awesome day I'll tell you
why
USA versus Germany who do I think will
win probably Germany I hope for USA
only I hope we make it out of the group
stage secondly I'm not looking at that
and now I am no I'm not
secondly the NBA draft which I love
third let me address what huh like mini
address you worked for our paragraphs
we're gonna see what your brightener
goes if you first pick a long long shot
of him going to the Jazz I'm not a jazz
fan but I would absolutely love that so
I can go out to play plus Shane Casey
said the Jazz draft Jabari Parker
they're getting season tickets but they
can always buy him right you can't just
buy people oh not like that well they
could train in first other people they
can make it trade right yeah well see if
that happens I mean that's how they
would probably get them number three I
can't wait to watch all the videos so
you guys are at VidCon send us your
tweets or videos that you guys recording
cuz I want to see what it's like I wish
I was there I know Jen wishes she was
there too yeah it's pretty bittersweet
we should be home but I want to see what
you guys are doing there so send me your
photos or videos and playlists videos
are like my favorite to watch I always
just watch random people that don't even
know so two of my top 3 things you guys
probably don't even care about but thank
you
I can't it could be a perfect day
tomorrow you're really good though what
if the baby comes were too that's
another good thing well then no because
then you'd miss send a dress and you
would miss that it'd be worth it and be
totally worth it I know she would come
tomorrow I don't think he well he's
never coming just getting one of my
sisters say about July 2nd though
oh she was very clever Lindsay and she's
she would think of something fun like
this and she said that 7 times 2 is 14
that's his birth that would be his birth
date 7 to 14 Sam didn't get it at first
did you get it
it took you a minute no yeah did I don't
repeat it like 2 times because July yeah
we get it we know 14 2014 but I will
become 4 that my sister Lindsey always
does that with dates like times dates
she's always like multiplying him this
map there's probably some sort of
diagnosis yeah awesomeness yeah she's
pretty awesome she's pretty awesome and
it made me feel a lot better about
to wait a week no it's mine now babe
seriously no guys check out my chicken
pox scars cool huh
are they from smashing my head against
the camera oh my goodness yeah make me
feel better about myself
just so you guys know I did not headbutt
the camera there's special effects and
editing sometimes we're not hit but this
camera yeah hope you guys enjoyed
turkeys never gonna hell I hope you have
a fun weekend we could so what the crap
it's Thursday keep thinking it's right
we'll see you guys tomorrow
