oh my goodness you're gonna hurt
yourself
I heard it yeah now time that's
recording turn that noise off so you
don't know when I'm recording no fire
our subs and lick it up ahead odds us
you know
you know just shopping at Walmart and
shopping with my BAE
nobody today
I'm gonna go to work soon but I gotta go
Shapton you know spend some more time
with my girl got some flamin hot cheetos
and strawberry lemonade
this girl's jumpin hop and skip and run
in everything saying things like hey you
guys know you had a baby everything I
said the other day that we've tried
everything
I meant everything so the last thing we
really need to do is get something spicy
we haven't really found like spicy spicy
food
I don't think hot cheetos count it's not
the kind of spice people are describing
i'm gonna brew up like a ghost pepper
chilli sauce make jim gen just drink it
one day from being full term and that
colors running jumping doing everything
i think she's gonna bounce back pretty
easily after the pregnancy I told you
we've tried everything you tired now
it's printed I know I'd be tired I need
to get back on that workout a lot of
you've recommended sitting on a yoga
ball I want to get one because I've
heard they're pretty comfortable just to
sit on for working and things there's
one in our little gym so I can go down
some that
oh my goodness
very very dizzy hey that's funny
hey it's kind of familiar
who was that I just talked to you that's
Diego he's made me make things French
yeah but more importantly I mean yeah
I'm skidding you know what I realized
today having a baby is like having a
real life
Tamagotchi I don't have to feed them
they've to clean the screen when they
poop and lots of other important things
too but oh my goodness you're gonna hurt
yourself
give me a workout I think it's time to
grab a chopstick and I said can you just
come break my water she's like I wish
knowing doctors can why she would I
would have waited okay I got to get to
work there is nothing that can slow this
girl down right now she is on a mission
there's an angel yeah I expect a text
from you today doing something diarrhea
love you hey yo everybody um since like
we were just fooling around at the gym I
was kind of enjoying myself so I decided
to put proper workout clothes on and go
back and just have myself a little
workout and see if this baby will shimmy
his way down
I don't think good oh really I haven't
seen that a lot I don't think that's all
right at work but keep my marriage cross
maybe well and if not you know if
anything I'm gonna feel better after I
work out cuz I was staying really active
my whole pregnancy and in these last two
months I haven't been as active I'm
gonna go get my sweat on try to bounce
this baby out of me
eventually hey guys I just got back from
our little gym here it was pretty good I
don't know I like doing the lip too cool
I bounced on the ball I did arm stuff I
did lots of squat and then I ended on
the treadmill doing a brisk walks come
for like an hour so though ending with a
little Bachelorette and a little snack I
hope you guys are having a fun day but I
really am glad that I did go to the gym
because I do feel a lot better
when you workout you just feel better
emotionally you know so I'm feeling
better emotionally because this morning
I was I was feeling a little mopey and I
just wanted to cry which is done but I
feel better now and I feel really good
because I wasn't feeling very good about
anything when you're pregnant for so
long you just start to not feel good
about yourself all right feel a lot
better now and maybe I'll go back again
tomorrow if he's not if I'm not in labor
peeps just got home you know what
sprinkler people never take into a cab
the people that work late they always
have them sprinklers going when I get
home at midnight that's all right though
gonna do some blue I need to focus on
this Liz that Jenna cos laughs there's a
Twitter account for Jenna cos laughs at
Jenna cos laughs who was the first
person who followed this probably right
how do you feel knowing that there is a
Twitter account based off of your laughs
I think it's hilarious because my laugh
is obnoxious Jen thinks her laugh is
obnoxious while the rest of the world it
makes them smile people enjoy your laugh
makes people smile I think people need
to make one about Bert's laugh laugh I
think we need to make a Jenna cos laugh
ringtone officially oh really need to
make it happen I'm gonna set it as or
text owner I prefer Jen so whatever she
texts her calls me I'll be like
well we have plenty of vlog footage to
do that so you really think you're smart
I'll be able to get your laugh as a
ringtone yeah you can't run away ride
your laugh has been archived whoever
made that speak up I want to know who
did it guys go follow Jenna cos laughed
officially it's 12:53 a.m. and Jenica is
making a midnight snack literally almost
the one I am snack of a bagel with
strawberry cream cheese of course I mean
good I still haven't changed the
settings anything but you look good like
really good eating a bagel not gonna lie
it's none of the settings setup so
everything is perfect but I still
haven't had time to read the manual
begin probably this kids not coming
anytime soon
Jenna's becoming incredibly discouraged
now when in reality we should enjoy
every last moment of just me Nia but we
are super excited that's the truth I
just want to meet him the best way of
describing this I feel like and I'm not
even pregnant is that you feel like you
have to throw up you just want to get
over with and not wait until that random
moment that you just can't predict I
feels like you know when you have
something to look forward to like a trip
mm-hmm feels like that but magnified
like 100 and you don't know when that
trip starts right but the trip was
supposed to start right but plan waits
delayed right it's a good way of putting
it Sam found me a new juice to try and
it's so good I love strawberry lemonade
this is probably a new favorite
strawberry lemonade
look it balances on my stomach oh my
gosh a dr. pepper to myself today at
lunch
didn't do anything what was it supposed
to do way out like the guy when he gets
electrocuted oh my gosh I was so funny
homo I need to get you didn't laugh that
laugh so you know what it's a cool thing
about this camera is that actually let's
see as a viewfinder I can pop up a hole
out oh you can't see that my bed and
then I can look in here and it'll switch
to that and now I'm looking through this
I'm looking through this and coming not
look terrible
that is actually really cool it shows
like balancing and scent I wish you
could see what I see my best friend my
favorite Christmas songs the bigger
tourist Disneyland we have to get as
many less belly shots as we can before
it's over tomorrow is the 40 week doctor
appointment last time you went to your
doctor appointment alone and a couple
people were like why I say I'm not there
for moral support
do you like me to be always like this
cuz they are just like
he just sits there on this phone anyway
you know because let's be honest every
less and the different depth in what the
appointments like you're a guy and
you're in that appointment it's it's not
that comfortable to sit there and watch
everything that the doctors doing right
trust me I do what make Jen happy and if
she wants me to be there I'll be I don't
want you to be there because it's more
pointless what about tomorrow when you
go no contractions tomorrow what's the
doctor what we're gonna do but she
wasn't doing you go in there get the
heartbeat check my first I'll do your in
temple very grateful weenie then I'll
get my blood pressure taken and then the
doctor will finally come in a while
later after I've been sitting there
hanging out with my bloomers down then
she'll check me and it'll take five
minutes and then I'm out of there I was
telling them last week I'm like I hope I
don't see you next week well you gotta
see you mention delivers it though no I
was telling it to the front office
ladies gosh I think we were going to try
not to talk about anything baby related
today and that was complete Phil that's
what I talked about today we went to the
gym and did a hardcore workout we
capture your laugh one more time oh no
swaggy yeah we do or never again I think
it's time to fire up the grill know what
I do adieu to you and you and you oh I
can replay lights already million times
in a row please play do that again
oh did he call you I forgot how it goes
though don't worry no no because you're
already gonna play that clip on repeat I
would never do such a thing
looks like you're holding up a turd
that's manual focus I totally just
dominated that clip bring it back give
me another pistachio to focus on Oh baby
we've got cabin fever let's get this
baby out
you see you guys tomorrow
you
