Oh baby look what I spot look who's here
I just spotted someone
right now it is 253 PMI 7 edited the
vlog for today I just got some packages
because I got a mail out some stuff I
sold on eBay because I needed to sell a
bunch of stuff so I could afford getting
this camera the camera to replace this
one everyone's like ah there's a smudge
that's actually a big scratch and
there's nothing we can do about that I
was so excited this morning though
because the doorbell rang and I ran to
the door thinking to be the camera it
was just the memory card it's funny
because I thought the memory card would
get here late at night because I said it
might be it'll be delivered by the end
of the day and sometimes that means it
could be late but no the camera is
taking forever it's 3 o'clock and the
cameras been in Salt Lake since Saturday
first real problems I really can't
complain
I'm so excited though to just unbox that
I think I might have to make an unboxing
video I'm gonna make an unboxing video
yeah I'm gonna make a camera unboxing
video because the camera just came out
on Friday and people need to see what it
looks like so I'll create that and then
just nervous because she doesn't want to
drop it or break it
you look gorgeous not even touch it it's
beautiful I can't touch it
I guess the child's more fragile than a
camera so if I tell the child I camera
yeah I mean are you worried about
dropping little man no I'm worried about
the camera little man I'm more worried
about the camera then what if you're
feeding little man to me goes like this
Oh baby look what I spot look who's here
I just spotted someone the UPS man's
back sir
this way sir run this way sir it's this
way sir it's this way sir
don't you dare sir don't you dare get in
that truck
I'm trying to film I just ran outside
because I thought he was running away
without our package is yeah
dren the films are the people don't
think you job
Oh
there's Jen just sitting there I think
you passed man can't find her address oh
man this is kind of creepy
this one just got a tweet from Shay
who's that I can't see I think he's
looking for our place I didn't get a
room for the people that was totally a
guy he was looking for our apartment
must be like its first time delivering
over here and I had the door open when
he came up and he's like there you go
and like ran off because Chen said he
dropped the baggage he did I saw him and
I asked him like are you looking for and
I gave him our address and he's like no
and I was like I'm pretty sure you are
I'm not excited I'm nervous I'm not
excited I hope it's not broken
seriously you could drop it like a big
drop better not have dropped it we
there's some padding in there
all right we're gonna charge this see
what happened
you guys did just punch myself in my
head it was crazy oh my gosh think
you're growing horns Yap how am I gonna
hit this vlog oh my gosh what should I
do
oh my god one take if you like the real
ball it's going up later yeah hey guys
so Sam just ran off to work he's a
little late he's a little excited if you
couldn't tell time just goes by so fast
now when Sam's home during the day I'm
on the old camera right now Sam took the
new one to like read the manual and have
fun with it in between while he's
working and stuff I'm just gonna be
cleaning again today cuz hopefully
hopefully keep your fingers crossed the
baby comes this week I'm praying that he
comes by Wednesday because I do not want
to be induced a week later here at this
hospital they want you to go into labor
naturally I highly recommend that so
they don't induce for until a week later
the latest I would have the baby is July
2nd I'm not going past July 2nd because
that's a week from Wednesday and that's
when I will beg to be induced if you
guys guess anything past July 2nd
probably won't happen because he better
come before July 2nd that's all I'm
saying that's when I'm gonna be like
induce me now I'm gonna beg them to
induce me sooner but they probably won't
it's very very very very unlikely that
I'll have a fourth of July baby I really
hope I don't have a fourth of July baby
anyways sorry I'm rambling I'm just
gonna be vacuuming and cleaning up
because I want to get the house squared
away and I'm getting laundry done so I
can have clean sheets for when my
parents come to visit and yeah I was
like really hoping I would go into labor
so Sam didn't have to go to work I can
lonely now cuz I usually am must sleep
for half the time he's at work and now
I'm gonna wake the whole time he's at
work so it goes by a lot longer anyways
this cooks so long and Sam's gonna be so
annoyed with me so I'm gonna see you
guys later bye people let me tell you
about my bed
friend did it it did it did it did it
there but that but there you know that
song I forget what that songs from for
those of you who are new to the vlogs
this is Veronica she's one of my best
friends we've we've we've got to know
each other very well these past few
months packing in this house
whoo let's see what's going on guys
let's see it's currently 12 24 and just
got off work
and I'm at the post office I'm actually
gonna mail off a bunch of stuff I just
sold on eBay
I
from state to state success there we go
just mailed off all that stuff I wrote
hope the Bulls get mellow on the back of
one that was going to Chicago hopefully
he knows what I'm talking about
time on the Chicago Bulls and I flee the
fans it's not gonna think I'm really
weird
we'll see how is this an insanely low
light it's pitch black outside renown
still see me that's crazy
camera rocks one last time Jen's
watching Oh what are you watching Jen
wag swag swag well on the flip side
she's watching toddlers in tiaras and
what are you making I mean so what
you're making fun that makes up for the
toddlers in tiaras you're making me a
beautiful scarf okay it's just there's
nothing else to watch litora yeah I
don't know if there's ever nothing to
watch to the point where toddlers and
tiaras is acceptable although I know I
think it's hilarious
back to Jenny doing her hair redraw it
to the end of another day another to
date with this guy in here though maybe
we should do a whole video without even
talking about like I think we're not
even pregnant or expecting a baby like a
whole day just we won't even mention it
okay there's always new people that join
us every day and they're like okay wait
so how old is Jenica how old is he
they're 18 oh my gosh they're 16 cuz I'm
16 she's 17 and way are they pregnant is
this er first kid so if you guys are new
what's up
glad to have you I still haven't been
able to read the manual on this camera
there's so much to learn I currently I
just turned on a wind reduction because
you know it gets a little windy in here
you know you should be sitting in this
chair I mean who is going to VidCon are
you under VidCon we will not be going to
VidCon because yes we're I couldn't
mention it cuz we're not gonna talk
about that anymore
next year we'll see you at bit ton don't
look at yourself up there I'm gonna look
at yourself
we're gonna go to VidCon next year for
sure probably so yes say yes
so we yeah so yes yes say yes see we're
going now I will roll back this tape of
Jenica ever says we're not going because
we are going and we want to go somewhere
else is somewhere to another place but
we'll see if that happened if you're
going to VidCon have fun
say hi to Austin and Britney grass up
say hi to everyone if you found our vlog
because of the Shaytards you should be
like thanks Shay you're the man Samak of
Amica for the win but guys have fun I
want to see if you're going send us
pictures and videos of you guys going to
VidCon because I we won't be there if I
want to see how it is no no I'll watch
your video seeing everyone's videos I'll
be fun I gotta wrap this up cuz I said
I've had the vlog up at 2 and it's
currently like 1 so that's not gonna
happen
so anyways new cameras still learning
everything hope you guys are enjoying it
and we will see you tomorrow
let's go get something spicy yeah
