vlogs should include every element of
your life even those most embarrassing
ones like removing makeup where did they
give you a buck I
wicked wicked this hat is sad for so
many reasons one sonic lost two they
don't exist sailor
bonds
just watched on city creek I bought a
shirt Jen's tired she says she has
sausage fingers today I do it's hard to
see him right now all the light fingers
whatever it's super crowded not today
though we were going to eat at
chick-fil-a just been craving that but
we're getting a bistro orange chicken
and sushi we saw a lot of people eating
orange chicken lost somewhere there so
we're like and we got to try that out it
looks good link we're down one more we
also made some new friends today just
made new friends what's your name
Kimberly Kimberly and Jessica and they
know what the baby's name is and you
guys don't and I'm not gonna tell you
guys they're pretty cool Kimberly and
her family they're so nice so nice to
meet you guys it's fun to like meet part
of the YouTube fam and we got shaved ice
of course cuz that's what we do I was
just talking and I was wondering like
who are the people who make parking
structures because they're amazing like
their mazes like I would not like know
where to even begin to build an
underground parking structure buildings
really good no they'd be an architect or
an engineer or whatever like would just
be intense but building a freaking
parking structure like they're huge this
especially this one that city creek is
just ginormous and underground and just
huge I wouldn't even know like weird it
again it's crazy and that's why you
oughts an artist my love yeah you guys
my fingers really are sausages today
look at that
maybe you can't tell but I can tell
sausage fingers today holla yeah we back
EB Stroh let's get our sushi and orange
chicken on it really not a lot this week
we've been cooking off I think we've
gone out at all so it's about to go down
maybe yeah I'm excited I'm starving it's
beautiful look at this so she was it's
doused in sahaja
ask jeeves
big red ball hey is this on this thing
on it's the legs okay yep hey this is
art one of our last nights together just
me and you just mean you that's the same
just so we're gonna go get some tater
tots and maybe like a chicken soup
sandwich or something party balloon on
the edge today you know you know we
partying tonight Saturday night getting
some sonic watching some vlogs sad night
fever last night dealer so I mean last
night dealer why am I saying it's on
idealist yeah it's Stefan on omen no
it's not it's one of our last night's
just me and you so why not spend it in
green sauce why not have a potty and
padding yeah that's what we're doing
Patti and partyin yeah watching blogs ya
eatin tape der tots yeah excuse me oh my
goodness Samba builder can he do it Sam
the Builder yeah you can look I'm a
wheel I told him I should probably build
it sometime agenda builder but he
insisted on building he's nesting that's
how a man next he builds a girl my
parents wanted me to get a grill for my
birthday so it's awesome we waited we're
like let's wait until they're on sale we
go tonight over fifty percent off for
the grill game over I'm so glad I waited
fifty percent off but and like right now
which seems so crazy because like it's
about to be like fourth of July and
everything so you think they would jack
up prices but they'll say all time okay
two thousand years later I sure love a
man you can build something he's doing
so good guys and the builders very proud
of sense the Builder look reading the
instruction manual he's just so awesome
24 aged love a man who can build Sam the
Builder
and he do it Sam the Builder yes he can
so hard it was so hard no you would add
it for a while though I didn't realize
how many pieces go to put it together
this is now Sam the grill master he will
be the grill master tomorrow really is
me a little baby out I'm feeling
something tonight no not are you ready
oh it's 1230 fire that baby up at what
time was it you know these guys I'm
gonna cook hotdogs vlogs should include
every element of your life even those
most embarrassing ones like removing
makeup where did I give you a black eye
actually my I already vlog in a very
very sick thing today no waxing my lip
oh yeah that's more amazing than this
yeah look it this is nothing gonna make
up up guys this is what girls do for
those few guys that watch the vlogs now
fine ash this lens this is what happens
a girl will take off makeup and they
still look beautiful them know
mowa for sure just checking in on the
neighborhood quail what do you guys
think we should name him I think we
should give him a name cuz he's always
out when we go for a walk it's the same
one trust me every day is exactly the
same going for a walk trying to want
that baby off sunday walks with the best
actually especially in the summer and
now that I work later in the day it's
almost like a three-day weekend it's not
really because I have to work tomorrow
but waking up in the morning and then
having the afternoon it's pretty nice I
like it the days longer for me but it's
nice for him he's happy I'm happy the
days longer because she's not asleep for
half of the time that I'm gone now right
so she probably was like man Sam never
even goes to work he's barely there and
now that's not the case she's awake for
the whole time actually that's not true
either you fall asleep well I'm God
though because our sleep schedules so
bizarre right now every day is exactly
the same beautiful from behind does this
girl look like she's pregnant does she
does she does she yeah yes now she does
come on
so you guys are so you guys are so
thoughtless autho you guys are
essentially getting three vlogs in the
matter of two days this is vlog number
two which is actually vlog number one
that doesn't make any sense but today is
the end of Saturday's of luck so so so
so right there you have it hope you guys
enjoyed last ending with with the glare
scratch camera if you stayed up super
late to watch this you're crazy go to
bed I don't love you to your bed and in
a couple hours I'm trying to have the
next vlog up by 2 p.m. mountain standard
time that's 3 p.m. central four pm
eastern 1 p.m. pacific time so the
thought though that's when the next
level up and we'll get back on a normal
schedule there you have it have a good
guy guys enjoyed spending another day
with us we'll see you soon bye
you
