hello this thing on is this thing
working can you hear me uh let's see
lights I haven't even set the settings
up right I don't even know what settings
I want it to be on ah how do we look do
you like funny probably look just the
same oh my goodness this is awesome this
is our first shot and then you camera
takes a minute to focus oh my goodness
there they are damn mountains is amount
changer mountains holy HD Batman look at
that snail except I'm Bellona get a
better incall not gay oh my gosh let's
see what you look like an HD oh my
goodness died and gone to heaven you
look amazing girl I mean our camera
before was in HD you holy cast on the
front of the lens so don't scratch
you're not going to scratch it there's
no way now this thing is our baby is
there a second baby we were having two
kids right now I was this kid I was just
baby would come yeah now that its
sibling it has arrived it's really
bright guys here's the deal I'm about to
had to work and I didn't edit the vlog
because last night I fell asleep early
and then I slept in bad combination then
I talked to my buddy on the phone
forever and I was catching up with him
which was great then I was waiting for
this camera to come which we've been
documenting and actually has been really
funny guys this is the new camera how do
we look how do we look on the new camera
how does em look beautiful as ever right
you can see my pores and yeah I need a
shave so here's the deal I'm gonna go to
work right now I have parsh the blog
partially edited when i get home which
is going to be late it's gonna be like
midnight mountain standard time i'm
going to finish it up export it and
upload it so don't stay up and wait for
the vlog this is just a little sneak
peek basically you'll be getting to
vlogs tomorrow so I'm sorry about the
delay but you know we this is real life
and I was just so excited for this you
guys have no idea I was in bed waiting
for the doorbell to ring I just like
didn't want to get out of bed I was just
like I'm just gonna wait in bed until
the UPS man gets here the doorbell rings
I'm sprinting to the door oh my gosh she
sound like an elf
and it wasn't the camera there's
something else I was like trying it ooh
and this has a viewfinder on the front
so you can see yourself weird I'm like
find myself like looking at myself and
not yeah oh my gosh we are so excited
this is this is a game changer today is
a new day in st. Michael blogs history
tomorrow or another day when the baby
comes here will be even better but I'm
pretty stoked about this look at that oh
I can see what I'm filming dang I'm so
happy right now I'm so excited it's like
Christmas to me are you happy because I
play better than Christmas cuz you're
probably not getting some like that guy
know are you excited yeah I'm nervous I
don't want touch oh so now we're gonna
have two cameras a lot of you guys have
been complaining about the scratch or
the smudge we can't get rid of that that
is a scratch in the lens so now we have
a new camera my camera for now yep no no
I'm sure she'll stay home with this I'll
probably bring that to word and film
every once in a while when I am at work
what I'm just saying I'm gonna hold on
to the broken camera cuz I mean I don't
want to touch that one I don't even know
if I have the settings right on this
there's so many different settings we
can do slow mo stuff we can do super
fast frames per second oh the
possibilities are endless I'm so excited
this is gonna be great so I'm so I'm
gonna go edit this upload it i'm really
not gonna edit it i'm just going to
throw it in export it upload it for you
guys sorry that this is what you're
seeing right now but know that you're
gonna have back to back it's like a
sammich a mini marathon coming up a lot
of frequently asked questions lately
what was that white sauce i put on my
tacos it was a job in chopping hoppin
jalapeno sauce delicious Jen's official
due date is on Wednesday which is in
true day
is whatever other people in asking
lately gosh I need you oh look I'm
freaking out this is awesome with my
quality are you kidding me don't look up
there looking I'll say you're crazy
what's good in low light to this is like
terrible lighting you look good dang
girl whoa I'm digging that bouquet I
need a look at the camera lens more
often and I myself which is that let's
see frequently asked questions right now
does the baby hurt when it moves all
right yes sometimes parents if it's very
low getting really close to her ribs
right now and just like well it hurts
more when his head rubbed me very very
very low what do I do for work I'm a
professional taco EJ thank you face um
oh why am i driving the car to work why
am I not leaving the car with Jen
because work is super close and I don't
want Jen to have to come pick me up
while she's going through some intense
contraction I can literally get here
super fast you can't don't worry about
that I haven't tried some seafood yet
what have you been giving lots of
recommendations on things to do believe
me we've covered all bases except I sit
having spicy we're gonna go get some
spicy spicy food tonight for the big
thing is guys I swear it's like just a
coincidence if something works for you
the baby was probably gonna come that
night there are see things are medically
proven to probably help anyways I gotta
get this edited guys the new camera oh
wait let's see what it looks like hey
there you are I got the winds up oh my
goodness oh and there's 40 weeks oh my
goodness you look amazing you look so I
can't see you that I gotta flip this
back oh that I can see you oh you look
good okay guys vlog coming up really
late tonight you might see two in a row
go to bed don't wait up for it we love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow
yeah don't do it okay bye uh I gotta fix
that
