come on come on come on come on
good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and
thank you for hanging with genic guys
leave their camera can you see that you
may wonder what our camera looks like
well there it is Wow looks like
something out of Star Wars a drone r2d2
what I don't know just peel that pieces
came tricking but now we're going a new
one tomorrow I think in this new camera
that's coming tomorrow and I will not be
head-butting it or I'm gonna feel like
create a sound effect like they just go
like this like alright guys peace oh oh
you just hit
I mean peace and then put in this out of
it
I don't know suffer you might do that
actually ah to love head-butting cameras
yeah except for love what happened we
weren't very careful with that first one
guy today we right no really yeah that's
what right there what right there you
just you just missed it know how to get
all those belly updates well we still
bring it for two hundred and seventy
seven days long time to be pregnant
mmm-hmm getting ready for the big match
today lucky girl some chicken I have had
a shirt on my lucky socks shoes
and we're testing out the gore
smells like a normal girl oh we don't
know one take today get a one-take get
the ones out of one ticket you guys will
see more about this girl in tomorrow's
vlog we got it for 50% off birthday
present for my mom and dad so happy 50%
off it's electric though it's not
charcoal it's not gas which I know maybe
makes me less of a man but I had the
charcoal grill my last place and this is
just convenient for a patio it looks
like it's gonna grill nice it looks like
it's gonna grill like a normal grill so
well seeing and I will see how do is
interviews I'm excited smells good looks
good hopefully doesn't make it too dry
about electric grill but that's okay to
the bright lights knowing that your
moment is on the horizon and this is
what we've been working for and maybe on
paper they're all better than us but the
reality is still that we get our chance
down ours day
see how it's going good
Game two tonight / this afternoon it's
about to go down baby
I will mold against the US team on the
eggs of history in the jungle go deeper
Portugal Germany on Thursday game two
baby
looks like Cristiano Ronaldo is wearing
a helmet well too much jealously
I mean sure he's like people think he's
good-looking and stuff but he's playing
soccer now he doesn't even wear gel in
his hair for soccer porter care they
hold tight man it backups all of them
like you chicken game and we might cook
some hot dogs to forget about that soon
because it's America America baby and
you can't watch the American American
sport obviously I think it's done else
I'm poisoning myself what is that good
there it's a perfect day getting ready
for this game had a great time in church
today good talks good lessons good times
all around that's growing so well USA be
Portugal today I don't know
they're probably I don't know but I
really hope so and if they knew I will
be aesthetic I'm gonna start crying
watching the pregame what is happening
to me know when you're about to cry cuz
you never vocalizes when you're feeling
feelings
what a mess is they I'm about to cry wow
I'm getting a little emotional right now
I'd be like oh here come come cry on my
shoulder
mm-hmm let me wipe your tears let me
kiss them away
Oh denied excusing your tears away today
I'm wearing a football shirt to
symbolize America because I don't have
an American t-shirt that's big and for
both my sport I know that's only played
in America
that's my logics behind wearing a
football shirt go America you would wear
that - normally well I'm not really
anymore because it's like getting really
short on me but it's the only American
shirt I had good job thanks yeah we got
the chicken ready I'm getting that
lettuce wraps ready getting a little
avocado to add to it of course you have
the si Racha on deck and cooking some
hot dogs
we're always eating in our vlogs America
do you guys like food what is your go-to
food for like a game I wouldn't say this
is our go-to food for like a game or
something like that but hotdogs we just
always eat chicken on Sunday basically
we marinate chicken the night before and
then we eat it on Sunday and it's
delicious
and that avocado looks perfect bottom up
here is a big mess thrown around calm
down yes sir that looks delish
some of me putting food in my mouth
that's not sure in this video I took a
giant that's a sound of a taco
okay take a giant bite out of that leaf
America best meal we've had all week so
good it's really not much a grill change
the way food tastes yeah best fans in
the world baby right in Chicago grab
that ball sir
Oh soccer player is that beautiful air
a soccer player oh look it so I just
thought I said trap town magic these
soccer players will be playing super
hard for over 90 minutes and at the end
the game they'll have better hair than
me that's for sure
that's how great because they use a
whole tin of product before the game
let's get it
chills
Oh bad start one oh so far for Portugal
over this shot what a hit post but Wow
have to half x news half x news she
hasn't been sleeping during the other
birds they came in all deeper my
goodness are you kidding what a shot oh
my goodness yes look at this are you
kidding me
Wow Wow
follow the baby bawling my she deserves
it
Oh oh my goodness oh my goodness yes yes
dude come outside dempsey dude pop his
chest hold on tight guys
to 180 first minute let's do it man
what up a goal we let up a goal in the
last a couple seconds and that comeback
was incredible the only thing is is that
Oh seconds away from advancing I just
hope it doesn't come back to bite us I
mean taking a point with Portugal like
that being down 1-0 can't complain I'm
proud of these guys and I've lost my
voice end of the vlog today this is what
we call it get a one take when it's the
same day if we're posting it I guess you
should call it a que cela beer and I
don't know judges waking up
they've gone good we'll probably go for
a walk later today and hope you guys are
having a great weekend hope it was a
good weekend hope you enjoyed the World
Cup all my people that live in Portugal
good game I was fun there's a lot of fun
I wish we had won because then I would
have had huge bragging rights but it was
a great game so new camera tomorrow
maybe a new baby too
so finally about it we'll see you guys
later peace
