can you see that Oh baby
good morning good afternoon YouTube fam
we're back in the kitchen cooking up
some grub it's kind of deja vu these
days because you got this going on again
and this time a nice spicy blend of let
me fix the color
smell-o-vision got some corn onions red
pepper green pepper and jalapenos to
spice that baby up maybe they look like
baby little kick start at this point
you're probably wondering wow you guys
eat meat peppers tacos Mexican whatever
you wanted to say often which for this
week it has been the case you might also
say wow that's unhealthy
you might also say how do you afford to
buy steak and this and that well you
didn't know anything about me I love
myself a good sale and that target they
have these price cuts when foods about
to go bad like a couple weeks prior and
I got this steak super cheap it was like
three dollars it's all about three of
them and we're getting close to the
dates I'm like we better cook it up plus
you know I just really like it this
girl's doing her makeup right now the
the YouTube world wants to know how does
your skin stay so perfect I don't think
so
that was like the most thumbs up to
comments like how does Jen keep your
face so perfect it is perfect it's
beautiful right perfect girl perfect
face cute face shows even have to wear a
lot of makeup I see I see some peaches
lathering that makeup up she's the last
person to say that she has good skin so
I'll say it for her because someone else
did she's really good skin you just
yelled from the other room now I'm gonna
get a zip tomorrow because you said that
I colon and Katie I have become the big
red ball today
okay I'm just took off for work and I'm
just hanging out so yep today it's gonna
be a nice relaxing day for me I guess so
hope you guys have a fun day problem
film as much today because I found a lot
of blabbering yesterday oh he was just
moving like crazy guys he's still moving
like crazy which means he's just having
a party in there which means he'll be in
there till next week oh there he goes
say hello to everybody hello
I mean hola I can't do his voice like
Sam can't it's all baby can you see that
all the way here all the way down there
yep he's just having himself a party
just doesn't wanna come out although
he's running out of room to move in
there I still think he's moving way too
much to be ready to come I don't know
and here babies movements slow down when
they're about to come out he's not
slowing down one bit he's gonna be quite
the partier when he gets out of there
whoa yeah
Oh see you little foot over down there
see this little foot over there
shake it buddy I'm gonna shake what his
mama gave him guys they got the movie
ever after on Netflix I don't know about
you guys but ever after like these old
the old school drew Barrymore movies my
favorite growing up like this and never
been kissed in my top five favorite
movies of all time definitely never been
kissed because I had the biggest crush
on Michael Vartan when I was a child I
thought he was so hot
anyways they got ever after on here and
I am so excited to watch it I've seen it
like literally over a hundred times like
that movie I could watch all the time
randomly Cinderella story I could like
watch on repeat randomly the host I can
watch on repeat like if I just need
something to watch but I'm just so
excited who who else loves
drew Barrymore movies like we my mom and
I love these drew Barrymore movies we
had them on VHS and DVD and now they're
only internet it's so beautiful oh and
she's the man I could watch on repeat as
well because I love she's the man all
right grab that I'm gonna go watch ever
after now hi if you guys wanna know what
else I've been watching because yes I
have been watching a lot of movies on
Netflix lately because I've been so I'm
like just out of the nesting stuff like
everything's done and I'm like
increasingly gotten more lazy and I
can't clean every single day because
that's boring and you don't need to
clean every single day right so I
recently watched the new Romeo and
Juliet
well it's pretty good I liked it I liked
Hailee Steinfeld so it was really good
in it and that last night I watched
centerstage yes they got center stage on
Netflix now definitely watch that if you
guys didn't know like I love dance
movies if I could have any talent in the
world I would want to be a dancer and be
able to sing so you can can dance my
favorite summer show of all time if you
guys are watching let me know because I
love So You Think You Can Dance and like
the scene shows like love it all
x-factor love it Emily's random thoughts
midnight McDonald's around the high
schooler's that's kind of what's
happening right now I just got off work
I'm really hungry and yet another
speeding around this is how Sam deposits
this video Britt is looking so good oh
hello there
2:30 a.m. our sleep schedule is so
messed up cuz I get home from work at
midnight I leave at midnight I believe
like 15 so I'm catching up on all the
YouTube videos that I haven't seen today
yep and now are you gonna bed
currently it's Britt's breakdown yeah
girl face that phasor there is so good
another day another vlog another day
waiting for this little guy big guy some
comments in yesterday and said your
vloggers are boring Thank You c'n sir
I appreciate it you didn't have any
videos for me to look at
hope you guys having a great day we had
been having good times good times
you know you probably get a little
restless but yeah my life is boring
currently it's all good you guys are
great you guys you guys you guys be fans
awesome
so we'll see you guys tomorrow sorry the
vlogs gonna blame I'm uploading this
right now purse bye
you
