I'm gonna about some bubbles got to
vouchers back at here it says I can't
get raspberries on meth
you just can't get raspberries no but we
can get whipped cream and something
those let's go waffle love
in our apartment complex like the power
kept going out and all this random stuff
so I think they're giving us free
waffles to try and make up for it
so these waffles better even freaking
good very big little bite-sized water
they better be good now we're just
excited
I got in the tella she got strawberries
let's do this eyebrows mustache bowtie
how does it smell
how do the waffle smartness kind of when
I get another one will see how big their
it's officially been 24 hours since you
remember him scat membranes got stripped
how you feeling um I feel like he's not
gonna come I feel like I'm gonna have to
get induced in two weeks feeling like
right now which is fine I just don't
know push down to ten well we can make a
couple things happen first of all on
yeah I start thinking is in the work
this is waffle talk while we wait for a
while so as I mentioned before I got the
Nutella waffle Jen God's strawberries we
were only allowed one topping plus cream
a little day to know I'm going into my
apartment right now I'm gonna put
bananas on this so I got into tella and
bananas uh cuz it looks really good
though and it was free way to go
apartment people let me go to make us
happier for at least an hour what you
know what bout there what you know about
that I know well about that Hauser's
really good yeah like kind of scope was
really good that's really good actually
the verdict super tasty kind of sugar
you can you see the crust
I feel like big it's like they don't do
stirrup because they put sugar in the
batter I'm just distributing the batter
but it's really good I mean it's pretty
good yeah so the waffle happiness only
lasted a couple minutes because a giant
bird dropped a big doodoo on our
windshield thanks a lot Obama and our
apartment complex okay I know I said
Obama her annoys blames him for
everything so
England's Spain this is what the US does
we're supposed to be losing what's going
on crazy World Cup Sam has like ten
minutes before he has to go into work so
we're gonna go shoot some hoops well
he's gonna shoot some hoops and I'm just
gonna stand there or be his rebound girl
like always
mmm so nice today it's finally a nice
day this is why I'm working at night so
I can enjoy the day is this stuff there
we go it's finally warm outside
hopefully tomorrow I can go swim wake up
on time swish hey guys Sam just took off
for work and I am just randomly making
some broccoli because I didn't want to
go bad and I'm just gonna be hanging out
today I'll probably go for a walk or
something cuz it's so nice today finally
nice day kind of sad cuz like Sam had
yesterday he kind of had yesterday off
his long story so I hope you guys are
having a great day too
any month later hey oh so it's about
5:30 in the evening and it's still nice
and pretty out so I'm just gonna go for
a little walk around the block um I just
got so much chores them yes I get myself
choice and so now I'm gonna go enjoy
some sunshine although walking really is
never fun by yourself it's kind of weird
and awkward especially people probably
seeing this pregnant girl while around
complex probably copes she's trying to
get that baby out is hot today I should
have worn proper workout clothes I stood
a full lap around the entire complex and
I'm dying it is so hot but it's so nice
huh
shorts on her something Holly I'm
filming you now what No hey guys so it's
about like 8:00 at night fighters got
off a Skype call with my sister-in-law
Christy she does this little like
birthing mom mom women people I don't
know her friends get together and talk
just talk about like birth and like
babies and everything about like that
and so she had me and so I was on like a
Skype call while they are all in the
same room it was really fun and then I
just realized well I guess Austin told
Sam Austin doll told Sam that pineapple
and squats is what got Britney into
labor and I've been hearing pineapple
everywhere like I had I know this other
girl who ate pineapple and like walked
around and then that night she went to
labor so I realized I told Sam to get
someone his way home from work but he
gets off at midnight so it's gonna be
close so I'm just gonna walk right now
to the store cuz we live really close to
a grocery store and get some pineapple
and see what happens
it sounds so silly I feel so stupid for
like trying all this stuff even though I
still have like five days left or
whatever but hey why not right and plus
pineapple sounds way better than castor
oil I'm never gonna try castor oil
I hear horror stories about castor oil
and that just doesn't even work and just
tastes disgusting pineapple sounds like
a much better alternative to try and if
it doesn't work
hey I like pineapple so I think it
tastes good and it's gonna be a nice
little treat hey guys I'm back my right
butt cheek numb for half the walk oh I'm
just so on point with these flowers
right now yeah I just had a lot of
pineapple I think all the assets had
Talent and in a period of time I did a
hundred and twenty squats
I'm tired squats make me tired I hate
squats alright I'm learning so people I
guess eat pineapple because there's an
enzyme in it that helps soften
the cervix but it has to be fresh panic
but can't be in the can don't worry guys
I ate fresh pineapple lot of people eat
it and it works for them for some reason
I don't know if it'll work for me but
hey why not it tastes good and it sounds
way better than eating castor oil so
we'll see if it works for me too
maybe I'll have a baby tomorrow hahaha
that's really funny
whoa quick sneak peek into the future
because you'll see this tomorrow and
tomorrow's walkin I wanted to add this
in today's vlog though and that is that
I've had a history of breaking my foot I
broke my foot sophomore year of high
school I've broken my ankle twice in
college both sides playing basketball
landing on people's feet whatever not
like kidding crossed over anything like
that but last night Jenna was killing me
because she's like what the heck is up
with your foot you guys might not want
to see this actually it's not that gross
but a normal foot you know there's just
it's just flat just nice smooth whatever
his other foot looks like
it only took me ten years to realize
that my foot had mended and healed
possibly incorrectly I don't know it
hasn't hurt I haven't heard it again
I've broken my ankles because I've
landed on people's feet and completely
snapped up now I've seen it but like it
really dawned on me yesterday like wheat
that might have healed incorrectly and
the reason why is because when I had a
cast on I got it right during spring
break and I supposed to have it on for
four weeks which is like nothing but I
was so sick of my cast by week three
which is when Spring Break was about to
start but I went down in the basement
and I said she's like all right whatever
I took a saw and literally started
sawing away my cast walked upstairs
without a cast on and my mom was like oh
I didn't think you were that serious
yeah I saw it my cast off you know who
really didn't appreciate that though my
mom she's at the end of a she is like
everybody know that my dad was behind
the doctor oh my gosh when we went to
the appointment we were sitting there
forever
like my last appointment whatever to get
it cut off and we're sitting there
forever and then he walks out and looks
at my foot he goes what I could have
cussed I don't even remember I just
remember like weird me and my mom were
like aah
and yeah he was not happy at all but he
looks my foot everything was fine but I
do have a really high
I do have like a jagged red bone
sticking out so there's my broken foot
story sticks out a little bit so
yesterday like I told you guys I sat in
or I Skyped my sister-in-law Kristi and
some of her friends who have boys were
giving me advice because I'm having a
boy and the advice they're give me was
have good insurance know where the
hospital is be prepared to like see
blood and have stitches and stuff like
that because boys are I guess one more
rambunctious than girls but it was
really
I mean I thought that was the advice
they're giving me it's so sexist
it's funny cuz leading up to sophomore
year in high school I was like man I've
never broken a bone like my bones are so
strong all that milk and then I broke my
foot and then I broke my ankles in
college so yeah I mean I'm sure a lot of
you guys are broken bones another funny
but funny bone story one time my mom had
the TV uh in the Jackson 5 room
performing and my sister had never seen
the Jackson 5 and she's like she really
wanted to know who they were and and I
don't know if YouTube was around then I
don't think it was so you can just go at
YouTube things I guess you could google
it whatever but my mom was like hey
Courtney the Jackson 5 were on TV is so
she came sprinting out of her bedroom
jammed her toe into the door broke it
all over the Jackson 5 broken bone
stories are kind of broke my toe over
vacuuming that's really I did it so have
you guys broken your feet legs arms any
bones I'm gonna hear any funny crazy
stories well I guess they're not always
funny
China cuz eating pineapple a little man
is still not here we're getting more
patient every day though
so you guys art because you're like I'm
checking Twitter every couple minutes
like it's bro tarts
seriously though the best you know the
best way when this goes down to figure
out what's going on is gonna be Twitter
and Instagram I'm the video might be
super late that day and I don't know
what kind of mood I'll be in right like
I said we might do one take but we are
filming the birth so every single person
that watches that will have the camera
rolling as as long as the doctors are
cool about it but I feel like every
single time someone has had a baby they
are so right and just because we don't
like when our videos are late like
doesn't mean the baby's here like we'll
tweet when I go into labor you guys will
know when Garrett tweet and a photo
unless it's like emergency labor I will
take a photo of Jen laying there
ready to push yeah you don't need to
worry about if our videos are up late
there's no play because there's hot
plate never been that way yeah I think
they've been up pretty early so anyways
hope you guys are having a good day we
will see you guys tomorrow and I'm
throwing pineapple
