so the beginning of yesterday's vlog was
black like a minute of blackness and
something you were like cousin purpose
you probably refreshing trying to figure
out what was going on completely
unintentional so here's what you guys
missed even though it doesn't really fit
with the vlog oh well here it is Sam
Martin
I'm going my 39 week appointment and I'm
either getting my membrane stripped or
I'm not really nervous all night I
didn't fall asleep until 6:30 in the
morning and I feel like it's my wedding
day or I'm going to Disneyland for the
first time or it's the first day of
school or something excited I don't want
to cry - okay let's go cute let's go see
how this goes like so stinking cute okay
guys so I just got out of my appointment
um I still was just out of one in 90% of
face so she went ahead and strips a
membrane so we'll see what happens I was
like really like anxious and nervous but
I knew I hadn't progressed because I
haven't had contractions since the first
time I had contractions when I went to
o1 um but it wasn't as terrible as I
thought it was gonna be it was
definitely uncomfortable that's for sure
and it was weird but yeah we'll see what
happens I'm gonna go home and walk
around or something
so we'll see there could be a baby on
the way there could not be she said it's
like a 25% chance that it could start
something so we'll just have to wait and
see if this guy wants to come out now or
not so she said cramping is normal
she said it's not inducing it's just
starting contract it's just helped start
contractions cuz they're really all for
women going into labor on their own and
stuff like that so we'll see keep your
fingers crossed something could happen
tonight tomorrow this weekend or not for
another two weeks
so we'll see I'll keep you posted right
you're really cute me hey today we're
cooking up vanitas happy surprise we're
doing stir-fry today we got some more
steak red pepper green pepper onion
asparagus to put some teriyaki sauce now
one thing we forgot is rice well we have
rice but it would take 30 minutes to
cook and we don't want to wait that long
can you see what this looks like forget
a little smell-o-vision going because
this snows
good state going again and veggies
cooking with salmon gender
I have opted zimit Sabbath all there's a
three time some wild rice appears Bon
Appetit
Spain what happened
keep up those
Jenna's doing everything in her power to
get this baby that come out on the walk
around my complex because I'm just
seeing what will happen and look at the
mountains are so pretty gonna work but
my eyes will try right when I got the
procedure that I mean I got stripped so
I might as well walk around I feel so
silly
just walking laps around right complex
but it's worth a shot
no no he's already low so I'm like
hopefully this will get something going
you know just it just makes you look
silly it's all this sun's pulling out
all the tricks in the book to get this
baby rolling I have I've only filmed a
tenth of it she's going crazy it's
awesome crazier I could be doing
insanity right now let's do it here she
goes again jogging and there's Darth
Maul lightsaber left-handed so cute
right now
thirty nine weeks pregnant can you
believe it she doesn't that look 39
weeks pregnant she looks like a girl
that just had Thanksgiving dinner and
that's it
little quail has no clue what he's about
to meet a big fierce car this little
guys has been running around what buddy
baby birds so I was doing some cleaning
in here tonight but I feel like I just
made it Messier I'm getting there though
I started driving all this stuff that I
need to sell on eBay especially because
I want to get a new camera this weekend
this one's about to die and the last
thing I want is to have a broken camera
on the day of little man's birth so
getting that all together and trying to
clean up the best that I can by the end
of the weekend they'll be all cleaned up
especially if he's coming
someone has officially guessed the full
name of little man but it wasn't in the
comments it was in a text message from a
friend so Bravo to you friend I won't
even say your name because then people
might start texting you and asking you
for the name I've looked at all the
comments I haven't seen any that have
Feliz in the name of you I haven't I
haven't I've seen parts of name but not
the full name yeah and even if I did I
wanted to say so chop chop
the reality the harsh reality this baby
might be couple more days even a week
away and so since that's the case I want
you guys to go watch a video today that
my sister made about her youngest
daughter pickle pickle my name is pickle
and she talked about how she just turned
2 and how that all came to be she kind
of shared a part of the birth video and
all that huge thing ever I was fighting
back tears didn't want to cry cuz I love
that little pickle and she talked about
how blessed that little girl has been so
far because she said some crazy things
happen to her she's still alive kickin
in thrive in the most pride a young
little baby girl we know
go check it out it's right here I was
pretty sure I wasn't gonna be able to
have any more kids it's a really
beautiful video so bring those tissues
cuz it might make you tear up a bit I've
also come to the realization that I'm
accepting that this kid is not coming
soon big E's accepted it yet I'm trying
to ensure I'm going to get a call today
of I'm stranded on the mountain because
I'm currently climbing oh no I'm just
girl he's doing everything I'm over it
now I'm trying to get over it you saying
that okay okay she's over it she's over
it I'm trying to get over it him not
coming early your toes are cute
understand you know Paulo students wait
let's hear well you haven't even killed
enough you've infected her unit whatever
you do with it
it's gonna be gone by the time he gets
here I'm pretty excited
two more days work this week and
hopefully in the new vlogging camera
this weekend Tyler from truck Tyler we
were talking last night forever I'm
freaking out because he's gonna get the
camera too so he might have it first I
can't wait to see what it looks like cuz
it's gonna be it's a nice one it's a
little too nice so I'm gonna head out to
the crappy camera for a while touched
and I said it's finally a beautiful day
the cold weather is gone yesterday /
today I was starting to think that we
had already seen all of what summer was
gonna give us I was already fall that's
what it felt like
but anyways if you guys haven't guessed
yet you can guess I'm a little baby link
we're gonna be checking that out keep
the baby names coming it's not what name
Keifer don't see you guys tomorrow
bye
