Sam are in my gosh
you
so today's Tuesday you guys know that's
gross shopping day a bunny today well I
did I go Bishop every Tuesday we
actually need to get some things at
different stores so Sam stone dropped me
off at a store and then he's gonna go to
the other store and then we'll meet when
we're done teamwork yeah yeah yeah so
here we go gimme oh ha made you real or
else forget about it so bad it's raining
men hallelujah it's raining men permit
but really has claimed this hard Oh
screen even hey guys so over the past
week we got some of your packages so
we're gonna open them I want to shout
out some of the letters too because the
letters are awesome I know we have so
many layers there's been a lot of
packages amika blogs from Deborah
there's been a lot of wonderful letters
that we haven't shouted out but we've
gotten all your letters they're just
gonna be going on the pin board so I
think we'd be shouting them out as we
pinned them up did she give us uh custom
bib Oh Danny loves me more than si racha
hahaha that is hilarious my mommy loves
me more than cookies yes so clever oh my
gosh
thank you so much Deborah that is
hilariously awesome he really wrapped
this one good wraps it in my room after
you oh good thing is repped like this
cuz it was raining a lot so you don't
want to ruin it Sam we love this love it
get it love that is amazing some of the
pieces Anderson and then it's like a sky
wine I know it's so pretty this is love
with an arrow some of the V didn't make
it in the mail but we're gonna try to
restore it for you yeah it's amazing i
love it can you get it framed and hung
up i love that that is awesome that is
so cool i think this is all crammed how
do you make that because it is i think
it is all crayon and you must melt it
and thank gosh thank you so much tells
me I'm Carly Sam Martin has got talent
he Sam's after work yeah we're gonna do
run the rest of me later yeah we're kind
of behind on time something we need to
be a working one minute okay see you
tonight hey guys so I've just been
reading the comments of chase with you
and your guesses are also funny and some
more really good some are really good
clothes guesses but I haven't seen his
name yet you guys are getting closer but
his name is definitely not Kieffer it's
not Iran but there was one girl who who
was very close or she's on the right
track I don't know if all say her name
because then you guys will all start
guessing and then you'll start guessing
correctly maybe I'll wait till seeing
its home to talk about this but there is
someone who is on the right track a lot
of you or not I'm hoping he's born soon
because someone's gonna get it but even
if someone guesses it I don't think
we'll say it's right or wrong we might
say o someone guessed it we won't say
who guessed it because that's just gonna
ruin it but his name is definite Kieffer
but yeah Kieffer not his name keep
trying you guys are getting warmer a lot
of you are really close super job oh wow
a lot of people are a lot of people are
on the right track now good job you
people you're smart by the way I still
think the name is subject to change we
really don't
exactly you know like it's not one
hundred percent until he's born so keep
that in mind to it like if all that I'm
like no that's not the name um after he
comes out but it probably is the name I
don't know I'm still like slightly on
the fence about it Sam i think is all
for it so we'll see what happened guys I
must say my mac and cheese game was up
my cheese game my mac and cheese making
skills are on point tonight I realized
upon reading further instructions of
these Annie's mac and cheese boxes that
I've been making it wrong but I've fixed
that and I cook the cheese separately
now and it's a lot of a difference so if
you think your mac and cheese isn't
tasting right probably cuz you're doing
it wrong mmm that's my man for dinner
night mac and cheese so it's been like
torrential downpour all day long like so
wet huge puddle right here and it's been
like super rainy but it started snowing
in the mountains in June snow in June
but the mountains look so crazy right
now Sam was at work and told me to look
at mounds cuz he can he has a really
good view of them but check this out
it's so pretty look at the mountains
guys he's not insane looks like crazy
there so it's an even better in person
like they're so sharp right now oh yeah
look at those mountains Holy Smoke you
guys I wish you could see it how I'm
seeing it right now the light is just
like hitting that mountain right there
and that sunsets not too shabby too I
just wish you guys could see how I'm
seeing it right now the now the skies
are kind of blue even though it's like
eight o'clock at night it's so pretty
alright guys so we're finishing were you
gonna say that okay we're finishing the
mail stuff that we got this past week
the week's the mail it never fails it
makes me want to wag my tail whenever in
the river I want to yell
this is from becca right in minnesota
minnesota for my sister used to live
I've been in Minnesota multiple times
really cool state shout out to Minnesota
so yeah that is bad today look how this
can is stylin nice Becca there's so much
look at their cool colors I'm both side
tonight yeah like that do perfect Sookie
oh and there's a letter she says that
she's a sucker for babies and they don't
have any of the family right now so when
she first saw these socks the first
thing she thought was baby santa is so
nice just tonight I think I got blood on
me cuz I'm bleeding I think I burned
myself cooking today speaking of cooking
we talk about food a lot and bekah
wright says half-baked ice cream for men
injuries is the bomb so i'll have to
check it out sometime thanks Becca I
love ice cream okay this is from Keeley
she's the girl who got our the cupcake
sheep and she decided to send something
in return kinda hit in the package a
 awesome usually Keeley you know
me well I'm becoming a bad influence on
America and the world with baja blast
but this drawing is incredible that is
so sweet okay so cutely explained that
it's free the side of a craven it hangs
on so she's had a picture to show how it
works is I didn't know how that was
gonna baby it's like this
perfect I love it something good drawing
uh-huh this is from Lauren show put on
your awesome alrighty Lauren sent a
bunch of drawings when it's the same as
a blog that's Sam and jenica and little
man which we need to put on the wall
which we still haven't put up yet I know
right what are you doing what your
nesting into action my nesting has
decreased major is awesome because this
is a tribute shaycarl and look at now we
have our mini one be happier vlogging
behind this is so cute oh that is
adorable this letter she says I just
want to start off by saying hopefully
this is the right p.o box that I'm
sending this to I bet it is if it wasn't
that'd be really funny this letter is so
nice Lauren is a year younger than my
oldest niece she got these clothes and
was explaining to her mom like hey I
watched say mykah blogs and she her moms
like do you know beauty good know them I
love it yes you love when you picked out
we will go feeling nice what are you
hassling what is up this YouTube fam
everyone is way too nice you guys are
awesome these outfits are seriously so
cute am I allowed to say that those are
cute this package we're opening right
now came all the way from Brazil but I
feel aveda Ebola I think that means it's
a one it's a wonderful life or something
like that it came from Fernanda and we
are definitely putting this picture on
our wall that we need to build waited
too much stuff oh that is awesome all
the way from Brazil that is so cool he
needs to get out and grow so we can put
that under the world cup that's perfect
for the World Cup oh my goodness and
this is for us i'm guessing i get to use
up a little bit feeling good i look at
like camera do you make me so why should
the best year 2014 of our lives look at
the little stick figure oh my gosh
isn't as hurts on it oh that is so
awesome wait I'm putting mine on I'm
putting on up give me my shirt oh okay
hahahaha well the dance music there we
go so cool good did you draw this like
how did you make this she also got me
really cute little boy necklace my
goodness fernanda I really want to cry
so I just heard the letter she made
these she made these shirts she even
stitched a little Brazilian flag almost
over and you're English physica rates I
loved reading my letter it was amazing
with it look at this little guy thanks
everyone who sent stuff and I know a lot
of you other people have sent stuff and
we didn't film it yet but I hope a lot
of you got my thank-you notes the
letters will be on our wall sting gotten
a box of letters here's John I hear he
tweets me all the time he sent us a
sweet card I don't know how we want to
share all these letters because some of
you guys have sent us photos and it's
just like we have read every single one
of these letters some of them almost
pushed us to tears because you guys are
so nice they're so beautiful and just
like it makes doing this even more worth
it it's unbelievable some of these
letters that you guys have sent us so I
don't know if we should read some of
them I don't want to like bore you guys
how to share them I don't know what to
do so if you have any ideas post in the
comment i feel like we should like when
we're setting up the wall and we're
pinning them up we'll talk a bit about
each one no it's a good idea like I was
opening them up good idea so thank you
everyone we seriously could not have a
better cooler youtube fan
the world it blows me away every single
day who names that you've been guessing
in the comments the letters the art
keeper packages coffee keeper guys we
love you I love you guys will see you
tomorrow fine please
you
