I'll see you soon take care mommy for me
I'm Penelope love you
it's like 48 hours 48 hours whoo yes
y'all ready and we back back back yeah I
wish
look you guys Monica finished her
nursery and it looks amazing
geez I wish pillow sorry guys
I'm on the old camera well Sam's gone
and he has the new camera so apologies
if it's bad quality but look how cute
all pink and gold and so pretty oh gosh
I'm obsessed with these curtains though
they've got like silver stars on them
let's take texture kind of they're like
not flat I love it I love it look at her
wall the walls are not so good Wow it's
crazy
look how little those are shown it I
love this in here I love the mirror I
love the mirror and she's all fancy she
does the same dressers as us but got
cute knobs I he had some cuter knobs I
hate cute knobs for PJ want to come
decorate her room for me because I'm not
doing a very good job jeez everything's
pretty you wouldn't like the dang
curtain rod so jelly
I need help good green PJ's room hello
everybody what are you doing home lunch
how was school today
some chips some bird chips it's Thursday
and Noah had a good day at school today
apps coming tomorrow
yes app is coming tomorrow my brother
Andrew it's coming here tomorrow I never
mentioned before but he wrote and then
acted and directed his own movie his
very own bowling movie which is really
cool and really exciting we're really
proud of that we just finished on
Wednesday and now yes yeah I'll get to
there in one second and so he's coming
out tomorrow he's gonna borrow some of
Sam's computer equipment and edit his
movie so he'll be here for I don't even
know how long he'll be here I don't
think he knows how long he'll be here so
that's really fun to have him in town
for a little while he was in hangout and
worked when we do whatever and Sam is
currently in Ayres Utah you just walked
to Utah this morning to go to extinct
premiere so that's fun wish I could be
there with him but I mean sis one of
them bike ride today we had lots of a
nice little morning it was nice that
notes go to school yeah you like po2
Juliet so you asked for peanut butter
jelly boy I didn't give you cheese take
the cheese out of there silly goose
flight attendants will be coming through
the cabin to collect any garbage choice
to discard
guys I made it back to Salt Lake City
we're back in Utah and when I landed it
was really great outside and kind of
cold well it was like 72 degrees with us
right 72 degrees and I was like oh man
should I have tucked a jacket but I'm
here for the extinct premiere tomorrow
daehan's getting here any moment today
this is actually the hotel that my
sister stayed at the other time Salt
Lake City
Jeanette got engaged at the capital
right over there this guy's a little
bluer he's really great when we landed
today family I miss so Jenna was
actually invited to come here with me we
really didn't have someone we could have
left the kids with Andrew gets here in a
day and maybe he could have handled that
I don't know I know Monica and Elliot
are super willing but they're expecting
a baby any week so since incher is
coming out I'm actually excited because
we'll be able to go out a lot of dates
maybe not always during the day when the
kids are out put the kids out for bed
we're gonna go to movies we're gonna go
out to dinner maybe we'll go square
dance will actually be back here in
about six days because my friends
getting married with the kids me Jen
advocates oh yeah what I was gonna say
though is we swam in that pool with my
nieces my sister was staying here and
this is the pool we came to looks like
Anne has a retractable roof too which is
actually pretty cool
fun fact two City Creek the mall that
roof actually retracts so it can be an
outdoor mall - oh look at this what do
you think
oh I haven't died oh I just got my
chocolates on nothing wow you're locked
and loaded well you know travel day I
thought you wore my yet okay just that
the baby's time for a nap oh I'm about
to take a nap a little rest just lay
down for a little bit while they sleep
but I really wanted to talk to you guys
about something
exciting so my friend Kaitlyn who's with
us this past weekend in California she
and her husband just started an amazing
project they okay she has a blog it's
called freckle I fancy I'll actually
I'll pull up right now from her
Instagram she has a blog and she talks
about losing her babies and just other
things and just her life so this is her
Instagram right now okay
Furcal I fancy is her blog she also just
made her first youtube video they just
made a vlog from this past weekend she
just came out with an amazing project
where she and her husband Brandon made
airplane necklaces to honor their little
boy Carter whom they lost um they lost
Carter at 39 weeks and it was just
gut-wrenching and then she lost a little
girl I want to say 14 age and they just
recently had another miscarriage so
they've been through the wringer but
they have stayed so positive and she is
so strong and oh my gosh and she just
wants to help other moms who have lost
babies and so they started this project
with a little airplane necklaces where
all the proceeds go to buying a cuddle
cot a cuddle cot is actually so when
your baby passes away you have the
option to have the nurses take your baby
to a cooling chamber so that you could
and then bring the baby back to so you
can have some time with your baby
because after you have your baby and
they pass away you don't have much time
with them unfortunately their bodies
can't handle being outside and so they
have to be to preserve they need to be
cold most hospitals don't have cuddle
cots and they're an amazing amazing
thing so a cuddle cot and so instead of
having a nurse take your baby back and
forth between the cooling chamber and
you your baby can actually stay
in your room with you so the cuddle cot
is a cooling pad that lays in the
bassinet with your baby lays on top of
it and it keeps your baby
cool enough to where they can stay in
your room with you and you can have a
little bit more time with your baby
which is just amazing and unfortunately
Brandon and Kaitlyn didn't have that
luxury but they really want to have
other parents have that opportunity to
spend just a little bit more time with
their babies so all the proceeds and all
the donations that they get selling
these necklaces will go towards a cuddle
cot and they're gonna donate it to a
hospital they're not sure which one
they're gonna donate to yet but they're
going to choose the hospital and donate
a cuddle cot so it's such an amazing
project it's really easy to fall into
just feeling sad a lot and um and just
an angry and although I feel like a
parent who loses a child has every right
to feel those emotions they're trying to
be positive at the same time and so by
doing this they are staying positive and
helping other families have a little
more time with their babies which it's
just it's incredible so I'm gonna pull
up her blog right now this is a vlog
freckle I fancy and it talks about she
talks a little bit about Carter and then
she explains what cuddle cots are and
these are the necklaces it's a really
cute flip plane right here and then a
little paper airplane you can get the
paper airplane in gold and silver and I
think it's amazing if you don't like
necklaces you can still just donate so
proud of them and I love them so much
and I wish that um there was more that
we could do you know go check out her
stuff go support send her some love I'm
really excited for this new project
they're doing I hope that they're able
to to get a few kilowatts I think it
would be amazing so go check it out
Paige back at it again did you bring
your vision spinner
oh good nah I didn't bring mine either I
think I only played with mine for like a
day and then I gave it to Noah we we're
about to head to an escape room it's
usually out just
themed mother making it about the show I
believe I'm wondering if there's gonna
be live actors I've never been to an
escape room with live people in it but
we'll see I think we're gonna be doing
with some other people that signed up at
the same time slot as us hopefully it's
not just us
that's a lot of pressure to get through
it we're guided by okay we just got
these airheads though you ever seen
these mango chili strawberry lime was
that salted watermelon that's beautiful
is it good
I'm a huge mango chili fan maybe I'll go
to Jamba Juice
go get the mango chili one because
frickin bonkers but I feel like that's
like amazing Wow like a Latin flavor
like you know Mexican is that like a
like that you maybe was akin to slavery
or something like that isn't it don't
they do that they always brought that to
the games and my favorite thing is like
the corn with the chili is that butter
they put something like that anyways
headed to the escape room hoping
hopefully we do well it should be a lot
of fun though yeah okay back at it again
back back at the candy again I was
actually gonna try the mango chili but
we have only one in there it's all
basically strawberry lime so now like
that's all that's basically in there and
it supposed to have all three great like
equal distribution you think airhead
send a Honda pact please
what can you escape
wait October 1st
wait I'm waiting for the date online
yeah that'd actually be healthy you guys
did we came up with one of the day huh
yo check it out October 1st run the
first shop there's more Scott about the
dots colors really no way to bamboozle
it huh look at this guy oh my gosh our
teams in here right now check out this
this is insane
there's actually the most craziest
escape room ever done that looks crazy
just in time I'm dabbing is something
our dead right now we made it out we
want on the fish to leave first my
officially first place and it's a my
heart we won if you guys want to come
back we need lots of our many just said
we
and we did the harder side so keep all
ready no okay fine these do have good
naps no I wouldn't even hear him wake up
I just like heard him
I like Bramley woke up because I heard a
little bang and he was on the floor like
a little kick on my bed he was on the
floor next to me I've no idea how long
he was there for he doesn't know time so
I was like how long were you down I was
like oh yeah I've been minutes and I was
like yeah he was just saying and then PJ
actually wake up because she was still
sleeping at like 3:30 why are you hiding
in here where are we going now wasn't
gonna go get maybe we should go to the
library after we get smoothies that good
idea well the smoothies aren't by the
library so the Mogul smoothie and then
drive to the library
okay okay okay a little bit who did we
FaceTime just now today did we just face
times
uncle d which was fun he's doing really
well you guys and we're gonna hopefully
see him for Christmas I'm pretty sure
he'll be out here and we're actually
going out next weekend to Utah for our
buddy's wedding and we're gonna go out a
few days earlier we're gonna go up to
Loki but I haven't told Tata yet so I'm
gonna text it before this is what I feel
better no no we're coming big city we're
gonna go visit tail
because we're gonna go to a wedding so
we're like well let's just go visit the
fam - then visit David so we're gonna
visit Dave and talk family and just then
weekend next week no dudes not gonna be
at the wedding but now we're gonna get
some smoothies
I told no if we took a nap he could get
a smoothie which I was just like begging
him to take a nap because I was so tired
I want a smoothie - so let's go let's go
get smoothies and go have following her
library date the kind you get strawberry
banana mail
strawberry male Oh strawberry banana
Mayo interesting is it good awesome now
are we going the bookworm in me is so
happy that he enjoys reading books now
oh my gosh books
wink wink
do you love books
the young man wasn't lying he's treating
me to a nice dinner you kidding me okay
I need to give a shout-out today hon
Jane for providing this meal we got the
tip what's up this you might remember
him from Vegas just wonderful
presentation let's see what we got here
banana cream pie mashed potatoes so abs
your mac and cheese Brussels sprouts
creamed spinach and a t-bone steak
another shot of the day on this is
napping up there
this is an absolute honor they have to
deal with each other and thank you it
was last time you guys together it's
been months thank you for celebrating it
was really fun night the scape room is
sweet the dinner is fun dan and fizz
there was hanging out here
I just FaceTime with Jen she said the
kids were really good today and that
they had a good time I got like Billy
and he sleep the night before cuz I was
trying to get everything done so I could
get out here so I'm gonna go to bed
but hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace good night
like my keep
