hey is my first day home during today
and we're cooking up food sorry that's
okay I just put in my second-to-last box
of Baja blast it's lasted me a while a
couple weeks and it'll ask me a couple
weeks longer I'm savoring them because I
don't know if they still are making it
happening to this world
these are idiots steak fajita taco
whatever you want to call them gonna be
a good time
Oh Jen's burning the turkey is
officially dejected and I'm actually the
one cooking this though so don't act
like it's gonna you cooking both of us
could be okay I cook the rice it's been
a team effort this is a hundred percent
natural soap Windex
mmm five minutes later
well more like ten we got our steak
cooked we got our nice fresh tortillas
cooked up that is the only way to go
seriously you got to get the flour
that's raw cook it up so good yes or no
rice black beans and some fresh salsa in
Si Racha and - and we'll get some cheese
and sour cream as well a little yes - to
celebrate today being the first day that
the USA plays in the World Cup will they
win against Ghana yes I hope so I got my
World Cup socks on thanks to the a kdz
aka the Grizz remember how he picked the
Grizz new picture for the foxy it's
currently 0-0 on this game
there's been no draws in the World Cup
so far Iran in Nigeria this right here
is a masterpiece it's a masterpiece
looks like a long I know I don't know
how is it good awesome
I'll give you guys a hint in regards to
the name of little man it has to do with
today's game what's going on right now
this game between uh Nigeria and Iran
so being nervous I'll be watching the
game at the office though people think I
only get excited for like Blackhawks
things like that now this isn't my blood
people that doesn't matter what sport it
is I will love it I hope we win this
time I mean at least this game or Ghana
they always beat us oh look at this
beautiful thank you tender court Chicago
and I miss it every time they're doing a
big in Chicago hey guys so it's about
took about for Sam just took off for
work what you're so weird cuz you sure
he's gonna be like usually he would be
getting home in an hour now he's gone
until midnight working so we'll see how
that goes and if it goes by a shorter or
faster than his normal workday games
about to start
I'm just gonna finish laundry stuff and
stuff around the house and just hang out
today alright guys so it's about 6:00
and I'm just walking to go get the mail
I've been having some weird like just
like a weird backside ache all day
sometimes it goes away sometimes it
comes back so I'm not sure it's just
Braxton tag sir if it's gonna get worse
so we'll see maybe it's early signs but
I highly doubt it
who knows so I'm wanting to see if that
helps or doesn't help something kind of
like gauge how I'm doing
it's probably nothing but who knows so I
decided to just document - anyways just
to see if things do change I'm 39 weeks
this week so early signs of flavor but
might not progress so hopefully
hopefully though I've progressed a
little bit at least by Wednesday so
alright I'll keep you posted
bye I don't really filmed a lot today
I've kind of just been feeling pretty
bland just tired I'm still having back
pain but hasn't like intensified a lot
so I'm just thinking they're just
contractions I don't know
just like Braxton Hicks or something but
it's turned into leg pain as well on the
same side I don't know if that's what
that is it could just be me I don't know
it's like a key leg piggyback what's
really it's just my left side which is
so bizarre it could be anything I don't
think anything exciting is happening
today so don't worry about that anyways
anyway anyways anyways anyways I'm gonna
go rest more and if anything changes if
anything gets worse I will let you guys
know I don't even let Sam know yeah I'll
let you guys know before Sam I'm not
gonna make a message him unless I'm like
dying in pain and no it's Labor for sure
I hope you guys are having a fun day or
had a fun day nighttime now it's like
almost 9 o'clock
3:28 a.m so my first afternoon night
working time is in the books it was
really busy I did a lot of work but I
went by super fast
I watched the USA win I was going crazy
that was amazing
I'm really looking for the game on
Sunday I don't have I mean I believe
that we're gonna do well we've lost
Jozy Altidore and I don't know what his
status is but that's kind of sad I was
like oh man I have to take off these
lucky socks because they're unlucky and
then we won it was great and I know a
lot of you guys are from Germany and
we'll be playing each other later I have
a lot of respect for Germany the u.s. I
can't win at every sport though I know
that soccer is there's a lot more talent
in other countries like Brazil Germany
England and other places so I respect
that it's super late right now
super super late so I'm gonna go to bed
Jen's been writing in her journal in the
morning we're gonna open up some of
these packages and then probably look at
some letters put that in this vlog like
right now by the way anyone have any
more guests as to what little man's name
is I gave you guys a clue give you a big
clue good to be paying attention though
we meet today too so it's actually
Tuesday now we're gonna open the mail
today for tomorrow's vlog so you won't
see it in today's vlog have we talked
about though or guys yeah we kind of
showed them did you have you tried them
out yet I might have just eaten like
three or four and you like oh I love
them like I like really tempted to get
another one because I know they're
limited edition but I don't want to at
the same time it's like the best of both
worlds if you love Reese's and love
Oreos which a lot of people in the world
do this was made for you
just all peanut butter inside I don't
care about the chocolate I don't want
the peanut butter inside that big
chocolate girl which makes her different
I'm more of a chocolate person than her
no I love chocolate ice cream mixed with
stuff I never go to cold so Chuck hides
from with raspberries brownie and graham
crackers remember how we were so excited
that I'm not working during the day so I
can go to the pool and enjoy the warmth
and fun of the daytime yeah it's been
raining the past two days fun times it
doesn't rain that often Utah either so
it's kind of odd but it's good because
the land needs the water
yep I'm actually headed to Park City for
work stuff the next two days and it's
not that far away but Jen's a little
worried that she might get a little
pregnant Dee and I'll have to rush here
which if that's the case I'll be okay
I'll get here in time and well I'm more
nervous that tomorrow like you being
gone tomorrow
I don't be on that lawn by the way any
of you guys think you know what the
baby's name is because I gave a huge
hint yesterday a huge hit so what's his
name
hmm is it Bartholomew no people get
their name is Bartholomew that's a ball
in it that's because it was the name you
probably know that actually be really
funny if I like put the name just like
right there which I actually did
yesterday I mean name isn't Logan a lot
of us to meet Logan that look it's not
Logan it has nothing to do with cash
Valley it's not che let me do the
butler's it really there's no like main
significance to the name so good luck
like let's do some more guesses today
maybe I'm trying to think should we say
before he's born or no no we'll say the
baby's born huh I guess for now we'll
say the date I'm guessing the day he's
born we'll probably just do a little one
take oh good idea
so we'll probably show the baby say yeah
and they're probably like fifty thousand
photos on Instagram and Twitter so if
you want to stay in the loop that's the
best place anyways we'll see you guys
tomorrow
