that dog is bigger than its owner and
they go for a lot of walks but I think
the dogs walking the owner actually
we're getting tacos at this place that
we went to a couple weeks ago and it's
always packed the drive-through is it's
so hard to get through watch this guy's
gonna drive and drive by right now you
might hiss oh whoa okay
you made it so we're gonna get some
tacos and then take them to a farm maybe
but I used to always go to with my
family I just asked my mama there's
places to eat there because I think
there are because we used to eat there
picnics and things like that so we'll
see so we hope you guys are having fun
my jam is having a fun time
are you Carol ec for this guy riding his
bike with no hands he has a great moment
of traffic no hands more babies
okay I'm crazy mullet man he's got some
cojones driving in this traffic he
didn't even stop to look guys this park
is so cute
historic we live bomb well I have you
guys have been here
are you tall people cuz its historic
it's sure it was really nice it's kind
of chilly and feels good really good I'm
done with saying that her back really
hurts though
so no no why we're going out and not
just letting you rest well because you
guys honestly my bad sometimes more when
I'm just sitting down the cue cup was
like this would be this yeah
mrs. Jackman family reunion you know
some families are so big out here do you
think they would notice if we just went
and joined in and started eating and
singing it honestly I doubt it uh square
dancing what this is a cool park your
back pockets out other Bank rep Coon
look like another family you know over
there
we're gonna set this little bench back
here speaking of family reunions we've
actually had some here before have you
yeah I think I just said that in the car
can't remember funny
we showed his grandpa's house when he
drove by one day but they would come to
this park
cool I think my grandpa volunteered at
this park a lot actually
Byron
a wise man once said Mexican is a
complete Buster's alignment
well there's lives this place is
supposedly known for their fish tacos so
pretty psyched out right now whoo more
line for my steak taco
I'm the guacamole spicy really good so
let's test her out right now is
definitely inching himself closer he
sees he's been watching he saw that we
just pulled all our food out this is the
thing he landed by that frisbee and he
walked over here seagulls are super
aggressive because we were on another
family vacation one time on a boat and I
can't remember who it was but they threw
up a grape outside of the boat and a
seagull swooped down and ate it next
thing you know there are two seagulls
we're throwing more grapes up there
catching them like it was just so funny
it's crazy to watch presume there's like
20 seagulls and they're just hovering
around our boat about to dive in so I
guarantee if we feed the seagull he will
come closer
no don't effete it he's scary this
lighting is very pretty right now you
look really handsome this lighting go
away
look at me just I keep it looking away
no babe don't give him food look Bailey
don't make eye contact they look
everywhere else but at the table just
hoping you'll like I'm not here I'm
really not here I'm done hey guys I'm
not even looking at you right now I'm
just kind of chilling out here they've
noticed I've been closer because I'm
about to bounce homie we see you there I
see you homie look at me look at me in
the eyes
Hey look at me when I'm talking to you
well me what what what what what what
what what what what what what's are
going with his head what oh what a
friend by the way Fred he's like ashamed
now like okay I guess on my way out
all right friends right that's good
enough that's some serious money inside
we're gonna moist that baha blast he
just wasted four sips that I could have
drink
I saw you waste those last four steps of
Baja blast I was gonna drink it yeah
place is so cute there's a little garden
right here so ashamed of me he had
Gardens like this and he knew everything
yeah can you go into that oh no weddings
at romaine lettuce arugula dill and
lettuce I wonder what they do with the
stuff that is cilantro radish why don't
I go to stores or if they keep it where
owns the first hog
it's so cute kale for all you healthy
nuts up there right there
and the carrots and basil wow this is
sweet I can see why you guys came here
it's very family-oriented this wheeler
farm though it's come upon the pond with
lots of ducks ducks you think they'd
notice if we join their party over it
smells like wonderful hotdogs and I just
ate food do
there's a lot of family photo shoots
going on that's for sure
oh man I'm sorry gonna do member that
I'm sorry gonna do that
I'm sorry gonna do my mother from the
half
you know tolerates about family photo
shoots engagement photos things like
that and we're guilty of it we've done
this too it's like all the photo shoots
are always outside like in a field and
like some brush area and it's like yeah
here's my family we live out in the
wilderness I don't get it out in nature
it's kind of funny because nature is a
good backdrop for everything got there
out that changes ready wow they put a
lot of time and effort into this family
shoot family shoot number two funny
words do you want to take photos for you
Jen and we should come here and do it I
was like just take some in science
that's what kind of did today
Sam posted one of those pictures right
we both wanna get something for the baby
comes out and why not happen nature the
perfect backdrop my photo shoot number
three number four family photos we've
seen more families than these four I
just didn't realize it until now Tiger
was like Miley Cyrus oh he's like oh my
static is so bad right now it's so funny
how they've like place machinery around
for like family set up for photos oh
it's so smart well because look at this
tractor here that we're gonna imposed
yeah a little family photo showing the
hard work dedication showing the rustic
Western feel Wow starting the show I
just want to see what they're doing guys
all the boys are getting greens if
Sutton was not show
that is not hanging off his butt I feel
like we have transported back into the
1990s it's like a camp World Cup fevers
spreading
Wow this is amazing I almost wanna cry
watching these kids perform because you
can tell they weren't you've been
working on all these I think this one
I'm feeling the feels let's just say
that for aggressively the numbers have
gotten better yeah really I know I was
kind of joking before but they're doing
really well nope you and I they even
tried they've been working hard yeah
it's like putting on a little black
party show only it's at the farm and I
must be really pregnant they would not
be feeling this way let's get out of
here and says she's like we need to stay
until they sing selfie it's basically
Kidz Bop live is the best way to
describe it and they're doing better
they doing better they've stepped up
each number has gotten better yeah porn
if you're hungry congratulations to the
happy couple
let's get out of here I was growing up
my parents had a Volkswagen bus just
like this one you read yeah uh-huh I had
plastic hard plastic seats and now it's
like way hipped have one of those so I
just want to hit something with this
he's gone from almost crying in the park
watching kids sing to just wanting to
hit something with a large mallet trying
to fix my hard drive so I talked to a
guy and he said my best shot is putting
in the freezer or just opening it myself
in a very clean environment which I
don't have but I had to get the SPECIAL
screwdriver to open it up they
specifically designed them so that you
just don't open them up which is what
I'm about to do just luck now Jen it
since Jenna's Jen the Builder she just
wants to juggling these Oreos with
Reese's but it doesn't look like if you
had to guess what building that was
before it was nothing what would you
guess I would say Circuit City and I bet
it was a Circuit City but I really don't
know but it probably was a Circuit City
well it's go time there's a lot of
important things on this hard drive and
hopefully I can recover it I'm over it
though if I can't I'm over it whatever
but here goes nothing
I just gotta being screwed somewhere
yeah I knew it there's that others oh oh
oh I think I just lost the screw to the
sink that's not good this is already a
disaster oh there is a moment of truth
if there's not any other screws no bueno
guys there's already dust on the disk
which is supposed to fly off into the
filter once I turn it on there this is
the filter over here the moment of truth
I'm not feeling that might have gotten
it huh spinning oh no oh no it's beeping
now that's not good no why are you
beeping so the hard drive started
spinning but the head is what's broken I
believe and there's no way for that to
read the data I can maybe replace the
head but the hard drive is basically a
ticking time bomb now so it looks like
the information will be lost which is
kind of sad because we had hours of
footage of us in San Francisco doesn't
make a really cool video I'd almost
finished it and some other things lots
of other pictures and things but thing
is is we've documented so much of our
life and a lot of people don't have this
much of their life documented and Plus
is just the beginning of our lives we
still have what 75 more years to live
we're gonna live to like 100 it'd have
been a lot more sad if we had like stuff
of little man like his birth and things
like that but that's why we're vlogging
kind of bumped but oh well we have a lot
of my other memories that we've saved
and there's a lot of pictures tons of
pictures I hadn't posted anywhere from
the past year but it's all good it's
about to go down down we always like to
try this cilenti gelato banana chocolate
swirl yeah and it was on sale so we've
just had to try it and we got these
babies right here Reese's Oreos for
tomorrow we have to do it wait wait oh I
thought you ought to eat it Cheers
first Catholic week mm-hmm tastes like
banana which is why kids yet that's
pretty good that's really good
so it's one o'clock in the morning
whatever he says he's nesting and he's
all of his wires in this box over this
last box over here just so cute
nesting that's currently what he's doing
it was really dark wood he said he was
rolling up a wiring as he was saying I'm
nesting
human nest I'm nesting I wish this baby
would just come out I'm feeling him
moved solo inside of me that I'm like
how are you not falling out
whoa longer vlog the Reese's Oreos are
good the Spurs won the NBA Finals Kawhi
Leonard got MVP
I love Kawhi I'm not like a huge Spurs
fan but I love Kawhi
and I was happy this first one but I'm
sorry to all you keep fans he has had
two good years and many more to come
maybe yeah you're watching this on
Monday probably if you guys missed our
little message for a little man which I
posted late on Sunday go check it out
it's gonna be in the link in the
description whatever blah blah blah
tomorrow is my first day that I'm
starting my weight work session hours
whatever so we'll see how that goes
we're pretty excited I'll be hopefully
heading up to the pool tomorrow with
this girl if it's funny
hopefully it's sunny and the USA is
playing the world kept a lot of people
and asking who I'm going from the World
Cup of course I'm going for the USA I
don't think they're gonna win it all
obviously but I want them to do well so
we'll see what happens and we will see
you guys tomorrow hope you guys are
having a great Monday okay a great
weekend I hope I didn't even let's get
in the World Cup to China Ulsan is a
very big Argentina Sporto supporter I
don't know what am i doing
I'm so tired that's gonna bet that guy's
good night good morning good afternoon
whenever you're watching this
see you later please
