I'm so glad when daddy comes home glad
is ducking me around his neck
how come tight like this pat his cheeks
and give him what happy Father's Day dad
huh little man this is the family that
you're joining right now this crazy girl
we're creating this video so that we
remember today what's today a 1515
today's June 15 all Thursday Father's
Day 2000 2014 and I have my first nose
hair like breathe again
and this is our ghetto one take my
sister is making fun of me for saying
get out and we actually watch the vlog
today of my dad watching our vlog on her
vlog and it was a whole thing so since
it's Father's Day maybe we should link
it because that's my dad
my dad but we don't have he's not yeah
Pablo Pedro Pablo don't is that that
really is my dad faint major problem
happy Father's Day to all you fatherly
figures out there
Jenica has officially been pregnant for
270 days only 10 days left and that's
almost single digits that's a little man
if it's a future date this is what you
currently look like right now that's a
live picture I'm actually this is what
the iPhone does these days you can I'm
aiming it at Jenna's tummy and it's
showing what you look like dude wake up
wake up this video today is inspired by
three people number one Shay Carl
because he the other night was saying
how he needs to say more about his
feelings how he's feeling in certain
moments that's something that we haven't
done enough okay we really have it
number 2 unboxing John yes you in boxing
John because he always starts his videos
out hello future self and that's true
and number 3 little man right
you're definitely inspiring this video a
year from today will be Father's Day
again we'll have a baby that's almost
year old how do you feel it's ten days
away essentially less potentially more
how do you really feel I I feel excited
is the most nervous leaving my body a
little anxious so you're nervous I don't
even know how to change a diaper yes you
do I'm feeling ready to I think of more
at each day I'm feeling more ready
because you know my body's it's feeling
heavy baby it's been an amazing
experience like having a child and me I
wouldn't have traded to the world but
I'm also ready to have him here good to
have our bodies not conjoined anything I
feel like it's not a person
I feel nervous to about him anymore he's
only the mediator girl my evening new
baby hey it's a crazy world but I
personally believe that he's been
preparing to come to this time we didn't
just get pregnant on a whim guys you
know like this was planned and
now for a long time we married for three
and a half years exactly almost and we
decided that now is the right time and
Heavenly Father decide now is the right
time
I'm little man are you joining us yes
and you decided it was the right time to
our family I'm excited that you want to
be part of our family
if I had to make one prediction 18 years
from today so what year would that be
eighteen oh my goodness he's down 2032
all right I would have to say that
little man you will be taller than both
of us oh I had to predict that I expect
you to be six too
now if you're watching this in your five
five we probably won't be showing you
this video it's crazy
whether you're thinking about it 18
years from now this little dude is gonna
be a big deal and I'm gonna be an old
dude and you're gonna have wrinkles up
the wazoo dude I could be both little
men dude you are the first of our family
children and we want more kids which
means you're gonna be like the man
that's gonna be the oldest and your
little mama's boy until another's mama's
boy shop although I think there's some
girls in story and we're happy because
our name will continue onwards I was the
last Anderson my dad was a lonely boy
I'm a lonely boy now that were having a
boy the name will go on
for another generation and hopefully
even further but I think no man what he
came knowing that oh yeah so if you're
misbehaving right now hey hey but what
if little man's actually a girl no I
feel like this is give me a video we dig
up I'm like maybe I'm Father's Day maybe
it'll be a Father's Day tradition let's
watch that stupid video your parents
made on Father's Day so if that's the
case man I look good now look how fat I
look what happened I know we've been
like kind of almost overly excited
people are like oh the baby here yeah
baby yeah no we're actually like a week
ten days away from the due date we act
like the due dates today right but
that's just because we're excited and we
wanted to be prepared we wanted to have
everything ready first time parents a
lot of people have been encouraging more
encouraging than critical angry and I
think it will continue to be that way in
our last video there was like short
Circle of Life Lion King moment and
someone mentioned that that's what
little man's prints gonna be like little
do you know and you probably know now
because our family loves you already a
lot but there are a lot of people that
are excited to meet you a lot of people
that already love you and they're
looking out for you grandpa's grandma's
cousins aunts uncles we just got off the
phone with my sister and she's just like
okay so when you're gonna tell us you're
at the hospital when you guys really how
you need to us isn't that everyone is so
excited I think that is what makes
family the best and what's awesome is
like it's not just family anymore it's
like the whole family is excited YouTube
fan YouTube fan to our own little family
has grown to a lot of people the world's
a scary place but you'll be ready for it
how are you feeling I am excited I'm
excited because I get to take work off
no really I am really excited because
I've loved all of my nieces and nephews
so much and my mom's like you never
gonna know how much we love you until
you have your own and she said that the
other day and I was like we already
loved this guy so much and so I'm
excited to meet him because this is what
I've strived for that's right having a
family and getting a job and graduating
from school and getting our own place
and being more on our own and as we
transition into that like this is
everything I wanted and I'm excited I'm
kind of nervous that I'm gonna cry a lot
kind of nervous I'm gonna faint no I'm
not gonna be I'm worried about the
smells I'm worried about getting blood
on my kids yeah I'm worried about
sleeping through crying although I don't
think I will ever sleep again are the
same again I wouldn't say I'm scared I'm
excited I know there's so many people
that we can like go to if like it's like
oh my gosh he's got a fever Google I'm
scared
that's worse when you google like
sicknesses and things you feel like you
are terminally ill I think I'll be more
nervous like the first night when we
bring a moment I'm like oh okay how do
we take care of this guy I want to do
things our own way within the boundaries
of what we would like to do like with
beliefs and the foundation we've
established but we're gonna be doing
things our own way and some people might
not like everything we do some people
think other things we do very cool I
feel like we are who we are and that we
should let ourselves rub off on dude
that will help him become
that makes sense we're not gonna just do
whatever anyone else Ollie says for many
people in Darwin tonight like 2 o'clock
bedtime candy chocolate milk
put a little Nesquik in that breast milk
oh it's gonna be a learning experience
so we're just really grateful we're
grateful that you know honestly like
pregnancy is a very sensitive topic for
a lot of people you don't realize how
sensitive is until you're in that world
but you know we were really blessed and
where we didn't have a lot of issues
with that and we're really grateful for
that and we're grateful that we have
this opportunity to be parents and to
happen come to our family it's been a
long nine months so it's kind of flown
by at the same time that has gone by so
fast
love you little guy a lot already that's
weird that he's in there he's moving
right now
I'd like to apologize for all of my
candies and sweets and flamin hot cheeto
evening Dew that must McGruff spicy taco
evening but honestly I think I'm more
excited for myself because I'm one who
experience bass reflex I'm not sure how
this talk when we're getting used to
being open talking about it feelings I'm
not anxious excited
I think Jen's worried about pushing
something out and I'm worried about what
am I worried about you're gonna be the
number one example in his life dad well
that's kind of a lot of pressure
yes I'm worried about your college
tuition think you have hair not a lot I
was bald January I was feeling he's
gonna look one of me honestly yeah I
kind of think that to never know I may
have been wrong revenue is bad news oh
we hope you're ready to be a big brother
to all those little siblings all those
little kids
come up to you but people come to us we
are kind of crazy but by the time we
watch this video with you little man
little man little man little man you
probably will be older and you probably
I know I never change in that good way
my advice would be to listen to us
love me because then you'll level your
future wife
your dad's example of how to treat a
woman and put the toilet seat down hold
up this is my 30 almost 39 weak stomach
ah it's getting bigger I feel like I
really have like popped out a lot of
this class week was just a mouth dance
party to get a little man out yo dude we
like the Bears bowls Blackhawks
Cubs any other team Aggies Michigan
State Aggies come first just so you know
in case you forgot someone city's in the
like the Jazz well this is what phones
look like Reina they're kind of cool
like I have a stylist in my phone the
list still exists this is the Apple
iPhone 5s is the iPhone still like super
popular huh is it taken over the world
they just bought beets you know what
beets are still galaxy note 3 a real
man's phone little man do the kids still
tweet today still tweet are they still
plea during hello man no you're not
going to be perfect but we're still
excited and waiting for this journey to
begin to continue what about Facebook
Facebook people still Facebook so it's
really not easy to talk about feelings
especially for me I've had to learn a
lot about communication in our marriage
but I am glad that we did
little video for him and for all of you
hopefully it wasn't like weird or
uncomfortable
that's just Howard kaylan can we want to
remember it so we hope you guys enjoyed
it
you'll be like skinny even with Greg out
we're so excited
we're gonna cry like babies we're gonna
cry more than you a little man when you
come out we can't wait to meet you I
think we might as well just tell her
what his name is we're gonna be coloring
that was good
you
