whoo they pulled a pulled a see you
later bite oh and I hope you're having a
wonderful Friday happy weekend hey
hey guys so I'm back from the pool and
I'm showered and ready for the day now
even though it's 3:00 in the afternoon
but it was really fun and I can't wait
for Sam to go with me next week is his
new schedule today's the last day of his
old schedule so he starts his 4:00 p.m.
shifts on Monday so it should be fun I
don't know really what we're gonna be
doing today so I'm just gonna hang out
until Sam gets home and then we'll see
what happens so so Sam's mom so just a
package today homework reading good news
Sam is feeling a little bit better today
the scratch on the lens is like a glow
on your face right now it looks like
stuff from your house right she didn't
want anything to break oh yeah here here
babe these are the things we were
wanting for little man's room wait did
you tar recently no uh let me open these
up and I'll show you guys they're saying
fruity okay BRB guys this is what I was
talking about in the vlog the other day
I had this in my room since I was a
little kid Cubs Bears Bulls my mom
cross-stitch this and it's been in my
room so we're gonna put it we're gonna
put it in his room - I'll be fine
oh that's really cute he's priorities
straight and then these this is my
grandpa's football team he was the
captain of the Princeton football team
there he is right there and also he was
the captain of the Princeton baseball
team when he went there and I also found
out that my grandma watches the vlog my
ninety years old and she's able to find
the vlog grandma you don't give yourself
enough credit account you're able to
find the vlog what what can't you do
that's nothing so high gamma we love you
actually one of us is fatter than the
other
me in further work we're just hiding
behind the bushes waiting for a burger
to appear let's see if the wild beast
appears the man makes the dog she wants
to try see this little bird
he's coming closer up
oh-oh-oh-oh
he's the way fail hello snow white nope
that's uh yeah you guys should do this
my sister's friend is no way speeds
animals in the park and share cookies
with them literally I don't know how she
didn't get rabies from that experience
our yeah but he's just sitting there
eating it
oh good I'm glad there's a good screen
shot of you stuffing your faces back
when we were in there there these kids
doing sign language the other like four
kids siblings down it was the cutest
thing I've ever seen
I don't know if one of them was deaf I
don't know well they're all deaf I don't
know if they're friends siblings but it
was super cool and it makes me wish I
knew sign language I know they were so
awesome I love how animated like
everything is it's like they were so
cute everything's so like I'm just like
man I want to be part of that
conversation seriously there's so
expressive sign language speak sign
language I wish I would have stayed in
that class but I did it Twitter I'm a
quitter
you look so angelic with the Sun behind
you in this glare doodies time to work
out baby
I'm to work currently just working on
those fingers by squeezing out that
sauce I worked out I'm having a rough
fifa night all I keep hearing is are you
kidding me it's okay babe you'll get him
next time I don't know how many of you
guys watched it but the Shaytards vlog
today was awesome it was like the end of
a chapter the past five years of their
life and Shea reflected upon all of it
and it really made me feeling super
inspired and wanting to share more about
how I feel about certain parts of my
life because we've had a lot that has
happened over the past couple months and
I don't know if we've always said
exactly how we feel the good and the bad
I mean it's mainly all been good but I
just want to do that more and so
tomorrow what we're gonna do is create a
vlog dedicated to our little man and
we're gonna tell him how we feel right
now as he is on his way to enter and
become part of our family so I don't
know it's something that I want to do
because I know we're gonna look back on
this and I think if we have that it
would be something that we will forever
treasure and it would be cool to show
him to how much we can't wait for him to
join our family so we're gonna do that
tomorrow hopefully you guys I was
looking forward to that I don't know
hopefully you guys will watch it
hopefully I don't cry I'm almost crying
right now it's something to look forward
to though and I want to
you know I wanna talk about my feelings
more not in like a weird way but just
like you're in there you know say how I
really felt in that moment those moments
of change starting your new job
graduating things like that having a
baby it's gonna be good
you know we've never asked one person to
subscribe or like a video but we have
asked you guys to comment and that's
because we like interacting with you
guys we like having it go full circle
and you know seeing what you guys feel
knowing more about you guys your
favorite foods favorite holidays
favorite birthdays whatever and I just
want to say thank you for commenting and
telling us more about you guys because
it really I don't know it makes this
more full Sur interactive
yeah I like that more so thank you guys
we really appreciate it especially when
I'm not feeling well and I get messages
and it's like hey you feel better I'm
like already feeling better oh thank you
yeah we really appreciate it guys when
we have a lot of fun interacting with
you so keep leaving those comments
because we read them all even if we
don't reply them all we read them all
it's hard to reply to them from my phone
because whenever I click the comment
that comes up in my email it always
takes me to somewhere else in the
comments and then it takes like 20
minutes to find the comment so they need
to fix that so I can respond better on
my phone because that's what I'm usually
on when I read the comments but we do
read them and we appreciate it
hey that's a picture of I think that's
on here Airport in Chicago there's at
Midway no it's over here
then I think that oh yeah seeing other
vloggers meet other vloggers I feel like
Jenna and I are like a foot taller than
everyone else and we're not even that
tall you guys are just short we're the
tallest boys on the winter winds hey
it's been good we'll see you tomorrow
happen weekend please
