don't know I don't I don't I do when
anybody else for you
Cooley
Maji cut me into two hey guys hey guys
hey good afternoon everybody it's
Thursday
oh well most like Friday feels like a
Friday it's Thursday and I'm just
hanging out today I spent the morning
trying to find a dentist and that was
very difficult so that was a fail and
then let me go to the pool and then I
changed and got my sunscreen all on and
everything and then looked out the
window and it was cloudy
I just knew once I like got in the
shower and put regular clothes on it
probably sunny again and now it is kind
of semi again so now I'm just gonna eat
some lunch and hang out and like clean
up around the house cuz I need a vacuum
again and really bad and clean up last
night's dinner because I've been for
really good and I've been fitting up
dishes after I cook like right after I
like we eat dinner but last night I was
a little lazy I think my nesting my
intense nesting juices that sounds weird
I don't know they're dissipating because
I'm feeling more and more tired and lazy
and not wanting to do stuff maybe
because I got it all done already
but this is the long range okay I will
see you guys later hope you have a fun
day bye
so I just took a nap I probably look
like I'm deaf tired I just don't feel
well today I kind of got a cold I was
pulling my nose all day just not feeling
my best just woke up watching the Spurs
championship game and getting a little
Chipotle we usually do that on Friday
but today we're doing it on Thursday
because I woke up late and Jen's tired
so this thing looks like a giant baked
potato gianormous
yeah I'm trying to like keep my eyes
open I always get all the salsas when
they ask me and I and they're always
like all the sauces open like that on
baby
Oh can't believe those two are having a
baby this year I keep they're they're
having a baby something on the buck if I
homie I'm 26
yeah we'll be having babies and we
having more than one baby yeah I'm
having a burrito baby now there's a
burrito baby in there
World Cup started today there's some
Brazilian pride we're at the mall to go
at footlocker because I want to get a
new pair of Jordans to wear it on the
day that little man is born I currently
have a pair that I've never worn
something am I getting the Jordan 11
infrared lows and then trading the ones
I have now for those so I break even you
know I'm not even spending any money and
we're gonna gonna try to get a ticket
and see if I can win the lottery both
and make money okay
I mean y'all probably think that's crazy
like man who cares why are you wearing a
new pair of shoes I don't even matter
but I think it'd be fun especially if I
got him a little pair - I like to get
him a pair that are bigger so you can
wear when he's like old old enough yeah
so I'm thinking we my sneaker heads
think of these during the future kind of
like but I obviously don't know what's
cool is because I think what is she
exactly hmm you think all my shoes very
good no I don't think all right though
did you rank they wonder cool
those are cool
and that someone was looking at me ever
there was this cutout
they say when you're having a boy it
looks like a basket one everything a
girl looks like a football jayna look I
have a ball my shirt he's just all right
here in the front seriously there's
legit ball in there quick update they
did the ticketing system on Monday they
usually do it on Wednesday and Thursday
so I'm out of luck unless I can get a
pair online or something so it kind of
stinks I was really excited
shorter vlog today because quite frankly
I'm just not feeling well and and really
tired as well but for those of you who
are obese Amica viewers you know that
it's been a while since we've done
rock-paper-scissors something we used to
do all the time because Jen and I like
to compete know you and as you guys know
that I've been here for a while I always
be here why there's a wild Oh documented
on video so tonight we're bringing it
back
best of three yes and I'm gonna win
that's a three I think the loser has to
say the prayer which is awesome I will
see what happens all right
best out of three predictions now who's
gonna win me Jen we already know is
going is gonna be good let's do this
let's do this phalanges let's do it
aren't you ready
No
and the winner once again like when we
always play rock-paper-scissors I could
be even worse time right now I'm just
looking at some of your guesses so far
and Lydia she has a good guess
she's guessing boy well swag monsters
saying girl saying boy 12 pounds 4
ounces 16 inches July 26
she's from Cedar Rapids Iowa they're
June 22nd but 12 pounds and only 16
inches like a meatball at least 22
inches long here's another good one
let's see I want to see your name right
email mo e mo mo
either way I said it hopefully right
three pounds seven ounces 21 inches
that's like a pepperoni stick he's
already seven pounds ooh there's a hint
he's already seven pounds so let's see
all these people that yes six pounds are
wrong how do you know he set up cons
though you don't know he's at least some
pounds there's a hip for those of you
who haven't guessed yet we I'll post a
link in the description we're doing a
little giveaway closest person weight
and height it's gonna get the stuffed
animal and you can only guess once so we
find that you've guessed more than once
some of you were honest in the comments
and said that you had to redo it because
a name was wrong or wherever but no
redoing stuff guys are us Jen will come
get you you don't want a mean pregnant
lady with no makeup on secondly some
people like Sam Iike someone said their
player name is sanika we haven't guessed
yet so if you see our name in there it's
not us
Reagan May 25th 30 past May 25th
but you're a huge look-see but you're a
huge fan so that's cool
we're a big fan of YouTube we have a
couple people guessing late-july to like
50 weeks last night I had a little mini
pampering session for myself I took a
bath for the first time since probably
elementary school or middle school and
it's mostly because I can think of a
bath where you just that I've taken in a
long time I took a bath because when I
hear that the warm water helps maybe
move on pregnancy ever that's nice and
that makes sense why you took a bath I
don't believe it because it didn't um
but I wanted to do it to relax a little
bit and I got I did it because I got a
little lush package from one of our
viewers April Carter she's awesome
wow they really wrap these things really
cute I don't know if I want to open it
it smells so good like mr. bum bum sweet
so I wanted to try out so it's really
hard to like break some the pieces off
because I didn't want to use the whole
thing but it was really relaxing and
smelled so good so thank you so much
April cuz you I had a bat yep mama be in
Sam Clayton said we need to do something
crazy before the baby get here so
although today's vlog was a little bit
shorter we'll do something spontaneous
and fun tomorrow well yeah we got to do
it before the baby gets here before we
can't do anything we're just tied down
to the apartment
now we're always gonna have fun alright
guys hopefully I feel better tomorrow I
hope you guys are feeling well today and
don't forget to post your guesses we've
enjoyed reading them and were to
continue to share them in the vlog until
the little man is here and I don't think
any of you guys know his name because
some of you say in the comments you I
don't believe you you can tweet me and
I'll DM you if you're right right see
you guys tomorrow
you
