good morning YouTube Pham the future
belongs to those who believe in the
beauty of their dreams
let's get it
good morning guys afternoon I mean guys
today I'm going for my 38 week checkup
so that should be really fun and
exciting hopefully keep your fingers
crossed that I've progressed because I'm
ready I've really loved and I know I'm
gonna miss being conjoined to my child
but I'm ready to be done I'm feeling a
little large and in charge these days
that's happening and I think my cousin
might come up and visit I'll let you
guys know how things go I mentioned the
other day that my mom writes children's
stories but she also is very heavily
involved in an organization called
Laura's house it's but it's a an amazing
nonprofit organization that helps
support and help with people in domestic
violence situations and she just wrote
an article for the Orange County
Register you can see it rattler orange
kind of register and she wrote an
article about it and there's her name by
Rhonda Terrell hey guys just got off my
appointment no changes I'm still just a
1 and 90% of Faced unfortunately I mean
it's good because he's still gonna grow
but I was hoping things would be moved
on a little bit but see I was wrong guys
I thought you was gonna come early
clearly it was just my crazy nesting
anxiety craziness so he's still in there
she said if nothing changes next week
then she's gonna strip some of my
membranes and see if that helps
whatever that really means it sounds a
little painful so we'll see what happens
you know things could change this week
weekend or not so we'll just have to
wait and see he obviously likes it in
there still so so that's the update guys
nothing new see you guys later bye
Oh guys I think the cameras broken uh-oh
for some reason this little the lens
part is popping off and the flaps won't
open I'm trying oh no I think it
happened last night when we dropped it
Sam's gonna kill me I don't know what
happened is this thing working
hello oh you guys I just made a huge
cooking boo-boo like a big I was only
supposed to add two teaspoons of garlic
powder and instead I added two
tablespoons of garlic powder yep I did I
don't know if I was making my I was
making a new sauce and I just added two
tablespoons of garlic powder shoot kept
cooking it to see if maybe it would end
up tasting all right no it tastes like
straight-up garlic powder straight-up
garlic
I always switch teaspoon and tablespoon
I made a rookie mistake never switch
your tablespoon with your teaspoon never
switch your teaspoons or table
either way oh we have a plan B Sam did
his little finger in it in the wall you
win some you lose some
today the garlic powder one we're still
here the vlog lives on the camera still
works so we can still talk to you about
gibberish little flap ease off so we
don't get scratched more than you
already are on there okay
black hawk a Stanley Cup can't be in
except not this year but that was a 2010
sticker can you look better now
oops I just bumped your belly we're
going outside right now to set up the
car seat for the little guy gotta be
ready gotta be ready gotta be ready
beep-beep everybody for Nanami I can't
wait to meet little little me so cute 48
minutes later this baby and sturdy it's
not going anywhere
sure in the comments now so I was like
oh actually it's better in the middle no
I wouldn't do it that way
but they'll check us before we leave so
you guys it's all good no this is not
scary our CPR class was to like make
sure that you have this down with no
toys on it while you're driving because
it up and you're in an accident the baby
will fling up into it and die okay she
was really intense lady which could be
true but just the way she was describing
it freaked us out yeah that's also why
we're putting it in this window seat
because we want the mirror on that and
there's no mirror in the middle yeah the
kids got talent actually it's pretty
self-explanatory
I think the instructors I love doing
stuff like this
me too oh I wanted to do it oh no you do
it I've done someone you do sir now you
do it you do it okay flashing lights
live life so there we go got the mirror
set up got the car seat set up as far as
we can tell and we'll have them check it
out right we're ready to pick up a baby
we just need Jen to do her part
seriously why can't my body just do this
already
we're doing a little test and we can't
see the babies in here you gotta fix it
so my handyman is climbing in the trunk
there we go now I can see the back I can
see the baby I'm just gonna sit here the
whole time watching I could get they did
in there nothing off the checklist now
let's just put a baby in here already
the air smells wonderful tonight well
not the whole doctor at one point was
like oh man cuz there's some plant that
she was smelling that she doesn't like I
think it smells great well now it smells
good
but in our complex it smells like weird
trees I just don't like it like smelling
bleach
I hate the smell bleach they want to run
to see how fast to see if he can to see
if the speedometer sign will pick up his
speed too but I can't read funny get
ready all right
so we decide to go for a walk because
this girl is getting impatient
she had her checkup today did you tell
everyone how it went so pretty much
everything's like the same which is
completely normal
chunges wants to get this ball rolling
she wants to get the show on the road so
she's like yeah let's go for a walk and
she's like pushing herself she's like a
contraction I'm gonna walk faster
we have two weeks left yeah it's all
good though we're just taking a stroll
and if you decide to come even better
but he won't he's gonna be three weeks
late
she's inpatient now just wait until we
inch closer and closer to that due date
she's gonna go crazy I'm on a mission
I'm at Walmart to get the green apple
and mixed berry Twizzlers it's just so
weird though because now when I look in
my mirror I see this that we just put in
it's crazy
can't wait to look at a little face back
there I thought Jen might like this I
gotta get these so I made a late run to
get some Twizzlers mixed berry and green
apple like we said in a previous vlog we
used to love eating me things so Jen's
gonna try the mixed berry first time
hopefully I think they're just like the
flavors aren't as strong as you'd expect
I mean it's not like a sour punch but
how is it good this one's better than
the watermelon we're to the point that
we don't necessarily peel it which is
like one of the best parts we just kind
of like bites out of it try it that's a
bad flavor I think they've had it's good
so pulling peels and string cheese I've
gotten to the point where I just like
take nibbles I used to love string
cheese string cheese is good but I don't
peel it anymore
just these are good though these
obviously aren't the best for you first
ingredient corn syrup they advertise it
as a low-fat snack let's see the mixed
berry has cherry black raspberry and
strawberry black raspberry generally
likes it so if you're big Twizzlers fan
you might like that
we don't like stop buying I'm getting at
diabetes a couple items of business and
commonly asked questions will we be
filming keep birth and having a birth
fog yes
GoPro on my forehead I'm delivering the
child no one of these things are true
one of these things are not where's the
sama Kowal the same akka family COBOL
for the house tour or is it gonna be
it's gonna be inland little men's room
on the wall that has all this
stuff in the way exactly that's why we
haven't put it up yet next comment
I'm changing my work schedule starting
Monday so I'm actually going to be
working from 4:00 p.m. to midnight some
of you are going 4 p.m. to midnight yeah
kind of crazy but I'm actually kind of
excited for it because I feel like I'll
be able to spend more time during the
day with my family mm-hmm and I'll be
able to go the pool Jenna gets you yeah
that'll be fun I'm only gonna do it for
like 3 to 4 weeks see if I like it so
yeah that would be good you know
anything change something else
yep he's a night person guys it makes
sense in a way never hurts I'm going to
bed early anyway so might as well go
work lastly we talked about doing a
giveaway weeks ago with a stuffed animal
that Matt's gonna make well Matt is my
brother for those of you who are new we
decided how we're going to do this and
that's by doing a guessing game
on the baby's gender no no yeah it could
be a girl you never know there's a
couple there's a couple things have to
guess gender weight height and birth
date so when you guys guess it's at
expect net.com slash game slash Samak
vlog something like that I'll be putting
a link in the description don't worry
about it you click put your username in
that's your YouTube username rank
someone else says I your username then
do some pattern up we'll figure it out
only guess once fill out the information
whoever we feel like is the closest from
after guessing all those things will win
the stuffed animal does that make sense
I don't know be fun everyone putting in
their guesses I'm gonna guess Jenica can
guess get them in starting today because
you don't want to miss out what if what
if he comes and then you're like I
didn't get my guess in and then you're
not gonna win this animal right I bet
you guys will guess everything way
better than me I don't know if I'm even
gonna guess because I'm gonna get
everything wrong there's no mother
early not early maybe Jenna and I will
have a competition to see who is closer
and their guesses will win it'll be fun
though will be a way for us to
communicate interact with you guys and
learn - yeah hopefully thought there's
no ties or anything if there's a tie you
guys will have to like rock paper
scissors wants to figure out another way
to do the tiebreaker
anywho I think the new schedule for work
will be fun
logs more enjoyable be home more the day
when logging it'll be fun so get your
guesses in and that's about it anything
else nope
we'll see you guys tomorrow you guys
enjoyed the house tour if you haven't
seen it yet check that out too I'll put
a link in the description I thought it
was kind of fun fun but it's not done
again I think it needed more Jen even
though she didn't want to be in it
guys I'm just big and tired lately oh
well we'll do more crazy stuff in the
future right alright see you guys
tomorrow
