good morning faneca welcome to Monday
hope you guys are having a great day
whoa whoa oh you see the hero look I'm
looking over here oh my goodness don't
know I don't I don't I don't when
anybody else for you cooley maji cut me
into two I'm just sticking around home
today cleaning and finishing the last of
little man's laundry whoo doodles cue
the laundry montage
watch close oh my goodness I literally
like this drawer is stuff I don't know
how I'm gonna like find stuff from
departments like dig in here because
they're so what stuff oh my goodness
zoom sister gave us a ton you guys gave
us so much stuff we're so grateful and I
need to try to squish it in here to make
it fit well this is one loved kid
another thing off a checklist laundry
yeah I changed it I just made it 0 to 3
i'm gonna take out all this like just
three months stuff looking it over
there's more room because he won't be
wearing it for three months so all right
that's a lot better I can deal with this
now someone touched my laundry and I
don't know who it was yay I've decided
to just not worry about it i texted sam
he's like just give him a little shake
I'm sure it's fine but I'm sure if this
was my second kid I wouldn't care at all
it's probably too good it's my first kid
that I care about those germs but my
body will give them antibodies right and
I'm just gonna tell myself that whoever
touched them how to really clean hands
oh well then give them a little shake
and we'll call it good okay guys it's
Chris all done oh we decide to go with
the little egg goes for the first round
of I don't know I mean he probably would
be in here for a while so we're just on
tankers we have the cute little mesh
bumper this low places granny sands law
made him a little animal there's another
thing off the check
now also has to do is take care of this
junk okay not junk this stuff things are
moving along I'm so happy blanket so I
also don't think this box will ever
leave our room unless I put the clothes
away Sam has been just using this box
put his clothes on I mean I was gonna
get bad we see this footage but that I
know him he's so busy and a bless his
little heart he worked so hard he goes
to work all day every day and then comes
home has to edit the vlog and so I'm
just gonna do it for him and put his
stuff just in a drawer so let's get to
it and surprise him when he gets home
and I almost forgot the most important
stuffed animal good thing I saw it on my
dresser and remembered I'm so proud of
myself right now I just organized all
the same stuff is so good these are the
ones who are most often that's all his
jerseys and stuff he likes to keep those
are all sports t-shirts future season
where as often you know just church
stuff so I am feeling pretty good about
today's accomplishments I think he'll be
really happy that this is done and he
doesn't have to deal with it no more
boxes in our room I feel like he used to
have more but I do you know he did get
rid of a lot of stuff before we moved I
made him Sam is very sad to part with
this Tupac shirt as we go on we remember
all the good times we had together I'll
be watching it's you back go no it's
coming right now and he got he got his
head handmade with the hot pink pumpkins
oh love this girl to enjoy these ever
gonna burn we are you why has it just
remember shirt I do not know
actually no you've had that since we
started dating found it love you yeah
it's nice i'm glad that I organized it
cuz now I don't feel like there's as
much as I thought there was unless
there's another box hiding yeah Sam
stuff is done something he doesn't have
to worry about anymore we both don't
have to worry about anymore so now
literally the only major thing we have
to get done it's just that last half of
the baby's room with all those boxes and
stuff well we just got home I seem
pretty happy about today's
accomplishments I told you I didn't love
hires big age to burger place here
because I didn't love the bun but he
said that's the best part of hired by
gate so we're calling his mom because
he's gonna ask her what the best part of
hires Big H is no sir the bun and uh I
guess looking at him but pain Oh mom
what's the best part about hires big h
oh what did you mean what did you mean
to say fun no thought she just says all
the sauce is everywhere come on Jen's
like I didn't really like hires big h I
didn't like the bun i go what that's the
best part I go watch I'll call my mom in
Alaskan so i got them time and it said
you set the sauce thank you best part of
fires big age love ya i'm gonna ebay ok
that was the second time she asked she
meant the button
humans the bun oh now we're putting on
you dirty hey V dude making my future
husband Burt husband burst wife husband
first wife one-on-one basketball I'm
gonna tell you guys who wins jump ball
Steph is so much tinier than him you
Thanks disgusting oh hey through that
tougher haha one staff girl power the
wizard 10 but we're not gonna say who
wins 1 to 10 game imagine you say what
you are today hahaha hey you beat your
basketball next thing you know she's a
sturdy to cook dinner you know me don't
film this one don't film this one yeah
I'm gonna film this one Kobe probably
should retire Sam you're wearing Jordans
you should be playing really like air
jordan right now you should be able to
fly into the heck was that oh shoot oh
gosh we're playing if we were in the
middle of the game Oh Tony Parker
blouses
oh that would've been cool yeah so then
either Izzy's like six inches that's all
one flavor anyway so i had to get fourth
or a third and a third Wow waited over
to power my side Devon tell me about
that is it taste good yeah it's
delicious candies how is healthy and not
just coconut though was it different
from the coconut oh mike hogan is pretty
dry i got coconut to look up big that is
it's like our fifth time coming here
it's bigger it's as big as your face
like literally what am I feeling but um
how do you know it's a long time she
feels like a heartbeat kind of you know
what's rename our son don't say anything
that we've said tonight though gibraltar
rasmussen gibraltar rasmussen and
cameron Samuel Anderson that's that's a
kind of good Nick oh you weren't
supposed to say the real name okay whoa
whoa you see the whole look I'm looking
at ring here oh my goodness we're
wrapping up today's vlog Oh somewhat of
an eventful day jenn got a ton done she
surprised me I'm really happy so I got
some more things to do I'm film the
house to her coming though because
everything set up we just need to put
things on the wall and that I don't know
that always takes us a long time anyways
so maybe we'll be doing it even tomorrow
yeah you could do tomorrow although I
wanted Mike to be in it which is sad
because Mike and stuff are moving to
Hawaii seriously if you don't get it
blind stuff with our other friends Adam
and Kristen lucky ducks going to Hawaii
we want to go visit them but you know
financially and all that kind of
difficult so hopefully one of these days
we were able to theirs
okay still cleaning it up from the big
celebration sorry I just got my eye I
did not even think to look up everybody
a little bit of confetti kind of pops up
here and there there's probably some in
his eye I was no I guys out Mike and
Steph have been two of our best friends
you've seen him in the vlogs a lot we've
hung out met Mike freshman year then he
married Steph how many years ago years
that's for you it's been one year over
year yeah it's crazy good time we're
gonna miss them luckily with today's
technology and things we can skype he's
going to get fifa eventually mike if
you're watching this better get fifa and
we'll play and broadcast it have good
fun fun times yeah many more times we
had they don't leave until saturday so
we're kind of hoping the baby comes
hopefully well patiently as much as we
talk about oh the baby's coming baby i
know it's gotta be like no no no that
would be terrible I'm gonna deal with
that I want ready to be done in the
comments we read them all by the way I
have a bunch start I have like 0 50 *
comments I want to go back and respond
to you going back to two weeks ago but
shaved ice that we get did you not shave
ice shave ice it's double it is better
than I seize whatever you've had this
place is by far the best it's what I
gotta work ice is like powdery
deliciousness we want to know though
it's like you're eating a cloud but not
cotton candy and ice cloud so what's
your favorite flavor you've had it or
what you think your favorite food would
be damned we will see you guys tomorrow
you
