I just got a message from Aldo jr. he
basically said what I got a better one
Oh could be a lot worse they're neither
one of them's a lot worse than the
others anyways he was sick anyways he
was saying I haven't heard from you guys
all day no tweets no nothing vlogs like
five hours later than a normal schedule
is everything okay with you and the baby
which brought up a good point some of
you guys might have thought we had labor
right now enjoying our day of rest yeah
we went to church this morning we taught
our class again we had more kids this
time we had four-year-olds and
five-year-olds and we played games
charades which was interesting and lots
of other things a lot of fun they're
really they're really cute really smart
there's a lot of fun I already said that
already
then we came home I started at the bog
and Jen's like same you gotta take a nap
tonight you gotta take a nap in us like
none other than enough no time for a nap
and then I took a nap and then tucked in
even long in a pit now we're cooking up
some food we have some lettuce that
we're gonna put with the chicken that we
marinated last night
cut some asparagus going watching the
Spurs game right here and editing the
vlog all for you guys so sorry there's a
little later today I just you know
Sunday's we might go back to doing like
a one-take which everyone's me like it's
just like the shame times you guys are
coming in the Shaytards but the reason
why the shakers do one take on Sundays
because usually it's kind of like a busy
yet restful day and we kind of want to
enjoy it too
so we'll see go no one takes in the very
beginning yeah we do those 1001 things
baby you've been here for a while you've
been around for a ghetto one day and
there's probably a lot of noises I don't
even know if you guys in here because
it's cooking the water is going well you
know how dinner is don't know I don't
know I don't I don't when anybody else
but you
coolie
Maji cut me into - mmm dinner we have
chicken with wraps and asparagus
I'm putting see your ass online and it
is I think this is a pretty good healthy
meal right here yeah it's better than a
shaved ice Baja blast and a little bit
of candy gotcha mayo and hope I can hate
cheese sushi yes it was not a very
healthy day but today is YUM I'm eating
mine
I'm putting the asparagus in the wrap
it's so good is how you doing ladies and
gentlemen looks like ketchup smells like
puke so like spicy bum bums today I have
a lot of old footage of when we were
thinking about vlogging but we weren't
like this okay
that would be very good vlogger don't
know what I'm doing so we're here at
Target Black Friday
they've capes on people call me black
Santa maybe I should get that
let's see all the spoils have pretty
much been taken no I was not gonna be a
blogger do you guys want to see more no
in another video of course they're gonna
say yes but no that's not true maybe
they felt that was terrible no it's
funny I really like that sweater though
I wish I would have gotten it for you
something I'd and the living Vivi feel
so nice out here back in an abandoned
Jean except for all this walking through
me contraption 10 nnnn and I'm a mess
baby come out we're taking like a mile
walk cuz it's a half mile to where we're
gonna walk to drop off this red box
movie and the post office is over here
too so we might stop by there Jen taking
it like a champ
I don't know even know if he hasn't see
me right now because it's kind of dark
can you see me can see me cool
how's it going guys and gals actually
I'm gonna say gals and guys cuz guys are
always mentioned before gals I don't
know what I'm talking about what's up
guys I mean gal what's up fam Iike
what's up hope you guys are having a
wonderful Sunday rather than too much
she says
be sure to vlog with it's okay because
it's relaxation day let's get real
we really hated these paint oh we
decided on an outfit to bring a little
guy home them guys ready to see it are
you ready to see it it's right here yep
a little hat a little puppy dog on his
little sweater thing some pants yeah
looks my baby like that
it's funny the camera is so deceiving
like with sizes and things I know some
people sound like a bathing suit like a
month ago it was like ha ha ha that's
not gonna fit um it's like ha ha it's
actually a newborn baby suit you can't
really tell the size of like everything
just from filming things scrunched up he
could fit in this right now but it's
weird thinking he could wear this and
he's inside of me still yeah
the outfits for three to five to eight
pounds but with scrunch 20 pounds oh I
know that's how possible I'm joking guys
okay no that's crazy
he's so cute annoys me a little bawling
kick me just just put it on your
shoulder and let's imagine you're having
a baby okay one headed vlog Pat he's a
little bad baby
it is really creeping me out it's pretty
soon there's me a real baby in that
outfit okay we're being super weird
introducing the new bud paste
I did start packing the diaper bag for
the hospital I feel so now ready for
this
this little blanket we have to do now is
get the car seat like the component for
the car all locked up and ready to go
you never know what are those called
again yeah I feel like it'd be heavy at
first but I guess they love them
yeah it's a really soft hmm
I'm saying today she's like you need to
pack like three outfits in case you know
whatever and I was like one yeah but I
probably could come home and get one if
I really needed a third outfit in case
we were there for a long time she's like
oh yeah I know I just forgot I was like
oh yeah
most like we won't be there a day or two
right isn't that typical a day or two oh
the hospitals not that far either
Shalom so we are doing little pictures
for little man's room I don't know if
Sam's showing you these yet but before
school but out we've printed out
pictures of these like Jordans oh we did
show it back then we did yeah there's
probably a lot of people who haven't
fixed right so we're working on I mean
we're just fooling around right now
right now it's gonna be I was originally
gonna do like six all six of these as
like a collage kind of like it squares
now we're thinking about putting them in
like different shapes and sizes
nice frames yeah but any Miranda's room
oh yeah well it looks really cool I
think will be pretty cool I think we
should cut this one right now really
yeah okay we need to find the box cutter
in the ruler so we're just looking at
little decorations for a little man's
room even though there's probably more
important things you could be doing that
are on the priority list since you
wanting to be sleeping in his own room
for a while with it is fun yeah they're
really cool they're all basketball like
pictures but they like are like showing
the Jordans like the shoes of course he
had to have you know a sports theme room
well it's not really theme we don't have
a theme people would wonder like what
our theme is we don't have a theme it's
a collage it's sorry
the other thing is when I was a kid I
had sports stuff all over my room I had
this like needlepoint my mom made all of
that and I want her to send me that
because
my whole life now we went for a little
man's room you know this game you raise
right guys mm-hmm
so it's not like we did get like might
what for my family's plan beep for our
family's plan baby shower it was like
they planned just like a draft like
safari type scene like animals we
haven't made that like our entire
nursery tempting we don't really have
like a theme but it'll probably be more
sports than animals in a way but not
really because like we just bought
sheets and those are really random Sam
wanted anchors and elephants oh yeah
yeah well you like father like you and I
thought they were really cute
right I was just gonna solid sheets and
he wanted to get something more more
pizzazzy so yeah we're kind of just all
over the place with his room but that's
what's fun you know you'll like lots of
different things have you ever been
urinating and then you like that smell
we need to realize that you ate
asparagus I hate I always forget that
asparagus makes your pee smell that's
like the only thing that's ever made my
piece mom I was like oh I hope I don't
want to labor tonight because the
doctors would be like what the heck is
that baby you're gonna pee everywhere
no yeah I mean maybe the tube it started
to smell I love the piece of asparagus I
hate the smell of your pee that whole
day belly-up date he's still in there
it's really sticking out though now he's
like been moving all night and I've had
contractions on my back from Hicks mmm
sounds great this probably seems to be
dragging along forever for you guys like
come on baby just get you all ready but
the truth is our days minutes hours
seconds are numbered so but it's been
even longer for me cuz I'm the one who's
active pregnant yep I was telling Sam
like well I've been pregnant since
October a long time I'm sure we'll all
be relieved once he's here
actually no that's when life really
begins that's it crazy see yes tomorrow
