mail $0.50 baby Maleficent nephew
defense starting the vlog late in the
day today
it's Saturday almost nighttime and we're
going out to party line not to potty you
potty yeah partyin partyin yeah this
girl we're gonna go clubbin where me
dancing all night to the best song ever
take what I gave my baby
now we're gonna get sushi and maybe see
a movie we want to see x-men or you can
never remember never remember how to
pants the name right cuz I've heard the
book but I don't want to cry so I don't
know if I want to see The Fault in Our
Stars cuz don't want to be sad I don't
know I want to see both so I and I want
to see spider-man and Godzilla we
haven't been to movies and forever
literally will only go to movie like
maybe twice a year yeah that's true
usually on the birth family
so we decided to get sushi because when
a pregnant woman wants sushi well you
get sushi but you were the one who
wanted to Paris for all of this can you
believe that
bloody challenge like you can eat all
that yeah
then we went to Scheels well you learn
more about seals it has a lot of stuff
like this George Washington
welcome to shields ladies and gentlemen
this is the first time first time going
to shields yep and their sports stuff a
lot of sports stuff everything for your
basement everything you could ever want
for me there's a black case you love
you're celebrating after well I don't
know yep they got Jordans to Nikes Under
Armour Jenica describe this place as
IKEA but for sports cuz they even have
food they have everything
Jordan's stuff outdoor stuff bikes
ferris wheel oh they just send it to me
because you can't take any my camera
you can work on your golf swing oh my
goodness where are you right now I'm in
my yellow stuff knives samurai swords a
practice sword samurai sword and Abraham
Lincoln it is rather for us to be here
look at this yes you can't even shoot
baby terrifying in real life though will
supporting you hit the button I'm there
to take it if I get one thing for a boat
right here
the aqualungs that thing is whose MVP
stories put on to waterproof speakers
this is Sam's new toy
yeah it's Frank how useful I think your
sprinkles on this boiling dang wall cow
like a donut she owes this is still
Sheila's right here still she owes yes I
mean
Sheils this is a real mountain bike
right here these look at motorcycle you
guys look at this sweet Eclair you happy
it's like that show that keep up keep
taking pinky pink pink fish taking no
but it's so cool
whoa we're touching it I got so dizzy
Sheils it's hard to describe exactly
what that place is hey in one word how
would you describe Sheila's one word
actually you're allowed two words huge
huge okay two words through actually
you're led three words I want to say
like those variations the very issues
variation huge very variety the huge
variety
Zack one two three words patriotic
sports don't agree with the dead animals
good random I would describe it as
America that stores everything that is
America there you go it's American
random there's the temple round two baby
round two what flavors tonight and some
sour spray no thank you
oh there it is
you've had a good day today that's my QB
face anyway Thank You Wheat Thins for
cereal I have a great day yeah how was
your day babe good yeah what trip should
I get I really want some chips yeah
spicy chips we used to get these
Twizzlers the poem peels cherry all the
time now they have watermelon green
apple or mixed berry what flavor vegan
design I think we should try watermelon
although I want to try all okay getting
watered on all time guys I'm sure you'll
see us eat him at some point like maybe
now another crane another problem now he
feels like whenever you see something
you have to stop and play it anything
good to go ahead it would be cool
together potato head nothing no I think
that first time was like pure luck like
this one maybe that's the machine has to
be set up for you to get one in that one
there's no animals available no wasted
another dollar for you guys
Redbox I think I have a code for free
movie so it's already cooling out we put
spend a dollar on that stupid crane game
that wasn't gonna last me and we got a
free movie and said so you know it all
equals out in the end
watermelon pulling peeled Twizzlers
pretty good doesn't have quite the
flavor I was hoping for a green apple
might be better even haven't even tried
you agree that's too subtle it's not too
much it's not a punch of flavor like I
wanted very good that's not a watermelon
then try I was thinking what is the
greatest day of the year
pick one day not anyone's birthday like
my birthday or your birthday I don't say
that to be cute 10 what is the greatest
day of the whole year that you can think
of
Oh me you're asking me yeah shoot like
your favorite day each you're like yeah
that's probably the best day oh I've no
idea I'm sure I love you
child's birthday think of holidays and
summer yeah okay why I've always loved
what did you like that summer but you
love the holidays Christmas nuts if this
is an easy question I think because this
is the best day of the year every year
yes I mean you know there's other days
like wow that day was great but
Christmas is like you know it's me great
day Christmas Eve
that's great day okay what I asked me
this someone said that June 25th which
is when no man is due is six months from
Christmas meaning that June 25th would
be the best birthday do you think of a
better day to have a birth then because
it's six months from Christmas so it's
like oh man Christmas is over but in six
months is my birthday and then like your
birthday you're like in six months is
Christmas it's like how about how so
you're not like bam bam
have to wait forever to get all those
things you want as a kid cuz you can't
you don't have any money so as a kid I
feel like that would be the best
birthday it's worse birthdays Christmas
my poor little brothers born on
Christmas and it's hard to divide the
day sorry little brother David and I are
you Christmas babies it's fun but okay
birthday we still celebrate your
birthday every day every Christmas
family I don't think you'll be born on
the train back Jane keeps saying that
he'll be early he'll be early it'll be
early oh I don't know how I feel being
like that early I don't know if you'll
come this week or whatever I don't know
if you'll be born on the 25th people are
gonna be like well having a summer
birthday you're not in school and this
and that but if you live in a place
that's four seasons my summer birthday
means a summer fun birthday party doing
something at the pool doing something
fun like that my birthday was in May so
you know the rains over here it didn't
rain every year but it was just getting
warm sometimes we go miniature golfing
good probably rain birthday and although
I did wish sometimes that my friends
would bring me balloons on the last day
of school they just they didn't because
that's two months away nope but I always
had a pool party or a beach party and it
was really fun so what day is the best
birthday what if you could pick one day
like that's the day I want to be born on
I wish my birthday was that day which
day would you choose I think I would say
yeah it sounds all good are you guys and
I want to hear like why I don't know
it's an interesting question right well
some of our viewers are born on June
25th you guys have the best birthdays oh
yeah do you feel like you have the best
birthday being born on June 20 do you
like that six months six months maybe
you don't celebrate Christmas I realize
that yeah okay
random random one thing that general
miss when she's not pregnant is when
she's eating and she catches a cracker
110 a.m. the cravings are real with this
one is hanging out in the kitchen
we bought you're like I can't wait til
money to get these something if these
right now or do you want some hummus
with Si Racha in it yeah gonna be good
in there you try it
3:28 a and gen just pointed out I'm not
going to show you guys but there's
pollen like flying around the air
everywhere and that's why I've sound
kind of like that like super serious in
today's vlog just look a little
congested so we asked you guys frog or
puppy what do you think we decided well
this lady's in charge and we got so yep
and I wasn't getting a puppy regardless
of what you guys said because they're a
couple great ideas saying we should get
more than one in case we lose one or
whatever we have some other little stuff
and ever then what if he's older needs
like that's what I want mom I want my
puppy well there was only one puppy at
the store anyway so I find another one
see like it already
our parenting is already different we'll
be fine
I was just editing the shields footage
and things like that and we described
shields as random patriotic and sports
well in the past couple minutes as we
were talking we had patriotism shown you
said we were all so random and as you
know we love sports is so funny
we are shields which means we are
American
funny guys there's two birthdays that
we're celebrating today Carmen and Izzy
you two know who you are and if you're
like wait is that are they talking about
me yeah we're talking about you
especially you Carmen mm and Izzy you
know you are yeah you guys know who you
ask me one wish you guys a happy
birthday hope you guys had a good one
hope you had a good weekend and yeah
I'll see you guys later
see ya
