hello family hope you're having a great
day this is what I'm doing today laundry
and a good chunk of this stuff is from
you amazing people so we're really
really appreciate it thanks so much
and now I'm going to start washing but I
have to take all the tags and everything
off first cuz I haven't done that yet
either so I'm gonna be here for a while
I'll check back in later do you guys
hear that sound the sound like waters
running my first load in my new watch
that is the sweet sound of a washing
machine gonna tuck it away till it's
done you guys don't know how happy this
makes me
except for this is the only the first
load of about five not just Vegas if I'm
gonna like watch our step two but the
baby has a lot of stuff Sam's sister was
so amazing and gave us this whole box of
clothes and it's all clean and washed
cuz she had washed it before she sent it
to us of course but now that it's been
in a cardboard box I was like smelling
the closed oh my god
they smell like cardboard and like not
good so I'm gonna wash that stuff again
it's gonna be a fun day of laundry I've
never been so excited to do laundry in
my life because we actually have our own
washer and dryer do you guys hear that
that's the sound of a washer machine you
tell how happy I am seriously the
craziest thing ever seeing baby clothes
and my washer and dryer it's like I'll
becoming very real like I just can't
believe we'll be watching this stuff
again in the future you know like even
the babies me wearing that stuff oh gosh
becoming very real
I just got really cool news from my mom
okay so a lot of you don't know because
you're new to the vlogs but lot of you
do know are you greasy and yeah I can't
honey again anyways I just got text for
my mom she um writes children's stories
and she's working on a story of her own
about her her life cuz she had a pretty
crazy
lub-dub that that she's my mom group and
pretty crazy circumstances so she's been
working on her personal story but she
also really loves writing children's
stories and she wrote this story there's
something sticky in my shoe yes that's
my mom's book you guys can find that
online if you would like to abrete it
it's about my sister and like when
we were young stuff and she just texted
me and told me that she just got word
back from her publisher that she's got
the okay for her second children's story
which I didn't know she had already
written there her second children's
story so it's really exciting and her
writings really fun and I'm so excited
for her she's always wanted to be an
author that's my mother my mum's e write
that hi mom I know you're watching this
right now okay I love you mom and you
guys should really check out her stuff
because it's awesome so we might have a
slight problem the dryer didn't really
want to dry all of the posts they're
still very much wet and whenever I try
to start it again why why I don't know
what that sound means but I have a whole
load of wets
and here as well that need to be dry
oh boy what do I do but by the time you
guys see this I'll have already figured
out what to do right now I don't know
what to do
alright yep okay wish me luck late al so
I've had no luck getting the dryer to
start again and it's been well over an
hour I'm so annoyed guys why does this
keep happening to me first world
problems I thought my problems were done
and everything was perfect no but no but
it won't start now and I've been trying
and like I took the load out I put the
load back in I put half like I put in
half the clothes and stuff all the
clothes who else thinking maybe it was
too heavy
no so I was like screw it I don't even
know what to do so I just called
maintenance and they're gonna send
someone over to hopefully check it out
because I think good something eating
together here two hours later
a few moments later
just cruising down the street and
there's a big boat like a school parade
or something it's gotta be for something
oh don't you see that new dollar it's
Friday which means rich pull away and
this time instead of getting the stake I
got chicken because that's what Austin
always gets and he's like dude the
chickens awesome
so Austin if I don't like this it's your
fault Jen got chicken - a chicken
burrito love this stuff right here this
is comfort food heaven dude I gotta say
it's pretty good and the ingredients
taste extra fresh today Austin I got to
give it to you the chin burrito is good
and it's Jens 'my favorite thing to get
you changed our lives
aside from some of the like authentic
authentic Mexican tortilla chips they
can get at a restaurant
I love Chipotle's chips they have salt
and a little bit of lime on him they're
so good oh my goodness they've breaking
bad Legos they're not really breaking
bad that's yeah if you got the joke you
got the joke we pointed out that there's
a little man pacifier here at Target but
we only see daddy's girl daddy's girl
these days we'll come back and we'll get
it I love daddy
so one thing we want little men to have
is a little stuffed animal that he can
hold on to and those times reason scared
or just something for comfort like
there's good to have a drink when you
sleep train a baby because then they
associate that animal to bed and not you
to bed that's what I've heard
oh no your sister's basically want them
to be hooked to this animal item yeah
till he gets married I think this one's
saying pick me this is a little bigger
that would be perfect yeah we kind of
want to get him like a little wiener dog
that's serious actually that's fun what
do you guys think
what animal should we get I'm sure we
getting this through you know no wiener
dog we used to have a wiener dog growing
up so that's
get em on cuz it'd be funny if he's just
like always carrying a wiener dog around
looks uncomfortable
weird this one's super soft though this
one that is pretty cute I like this one
it's just it's like the same brand is
that soft guys which one do you like
better vote now vote now I'm green frog
or the puppy or something else come up
with an idea for something else like
never a dull we are washing all of
little man's clothes it's just kind of
making things real yep I already love
this kid so much it seems like he's here
with us but he's not yet and I just I
just love him
thanks for all you start oh look at that
little sock you kidding me okay I'm
making progress guys man this little kid
is loved he has so much clothes clothes
right now
and I still need to walk through that
bin full of clothes which is organizing
and it's it's getting there clean and
washed and ready for him to we're so
excited this is making it all very real
it's just like the anticipation of not
knowing when he's gonna decide to come
as what's driving me nuts I'm like okay
I wish I could just predict when he was
coming but you can't you can't predict
everything it's getting there slowly but
surely I decide to put all the socks in
this little plastic thing that the crib
liner came in that works also earlier I
didn't finish telling you guys what
happened with the dryer I couldn't talk
to you guys after that because I was too
upset and crying like a little baby
because they couldn't fix it so they're
not sure if it was the cord I mean I
couldn't figure out how to hook it up
right or if it's the motor inside the
actual dryer so I had a meltdown a major
it wasn't even a mini meltdown it was a
major meltdown after they left I just
broke down and cried even though this is
such a first world problem and we have a
laundromat that works we just like spent
and now just uh you guys know how I feel
I've been going through this for a while
and I had two huge wet loads of clothes
that I ended up having to take to the
laundromat to dry I'll talk to you guys
later
boy this she definitely doesn't fit that
mattress this girl is going to town
right now cleaning every crevice of
every pinky every book every no I didn't
handle Tex I don't know where to put the
bus every cheerio box every toy every
dress everything little anchor diapers
couple changing area all set up this is
still work in progress this is my work
in progress that I need to get on we got
the bum buh there we're gonna just put
him there balance on that bar super safe
what's up fam iike so I just played some
basketball Jen was working that's what I
do I had fun she works and I said
doesn't happen the pool so maybe I'll
dip in before it closes
there's only happen half an hour till
closing time it's probably freezing
water now snapchats right now checking
my snapchat guys with me I guarantee the
snapchat again oh the view from the
hotel thing that isn't that's a city
skylighter is that from AC I knew that
wasn't me good it's you we have a buddy
in we're Z in China I bet this is what
everybody in Asia basically all over the
place again architecture that's all you
need snapshots good to know we're all
guys here Guy Fieri
you know them can't handle the pool at
night so you can't handle the pool guys
here's one sitting this huge it looks
huge on this camera oh my gosh this
house is ginormous and it looks even
bigger on camera its up guys
this is our first time you know being in
the water together vlogging in the hot
tub come on forget it
I'm sorry babe but it says if you're an
expectant mother Wow yeah this little
man we get so choked speak
hey the video I posted it today so yeah
I didn't happen the pool because it's
really dark actually the main reason is
because there are these two people
outside smoking and it's like come on
there's a pregnant girl here like why
are you gonna start smoking anyways I
just thought it's rude so we came in
here and I would have jumped in the pool
they're gone when we leave maybe I'll
hop in anyways
much needed to purchase two terabyte
hard drive portable we had one before I
still have it if you guys didn't know on
our second day of vlogging I was editing
I just finished my second vlog I was so
excited I had this two terabyte hard
drive but so much of my life on it fell
probably about that much onto soft
carpet dead look at everyone's face
right now we could everyone's face right
now the vlog that was gonna go up today
was completely edited I only took you
know 20-30 minutes to give you and guess
what happened my computer felt probably
about how many feet you're gonna have to
be Canadian but from a comfy surface to
a soft carpet there's some dancing oh no
I was super sad
there's things in life that just don't
have a price on memories and things like
that and I had a hard drive full of tons
of footage from the summer and pictures
and this and just of my life and like
that it was gone but we're gonna try to
get it back yeah just have to find some
still hope if anyone out there can fix
our drives and wants to help me out let
me know otherwise it was one similar to
this not a Seagate it was a Western
Digital and now I don't have to waste
like twenty to thirty minutes every day
trying to remove footage off my other
500 gigabyte hard drive to make space
for the vlog so this is for you guys and
for us yeah yeah bad luck that's okay
we're gonna fix eventually it's Saturday
morning now we forgot in the vlog last
night hope you guys enjoyed it hope you
enjoyed today's video and that you enjoy
tomorrow as well as well oh crap my
waters broke psych
