new haircut maybe my bangs are a little
too long for the Noah haircut and they
didn't do quite the the cut right there
but this'll look good you like it you
look like you want to show us how you do
your numbers try again try again you did
so good nothing really excited about
practicing learning embrace it's hard
when the curtain that's really good what
I wonder what's on the back of that one
three dots in three to the other numbers
thick
yeah we've letters too but let's keep
working on our numbers numbers nice how
crazy is that some of you guys have been
here in the vlogs since the day that
Noah was born it was a baby it just you
know as a parent here there every moment
of the way and it's crazy that somebody
guys have seen so many of us
achievements as well the little things
writing on number out
life is good Wow what number is that
that one pretty good for do you know
what the numbers are you going to wait
you got race the white baby no you erase
it it's just yeah the marker wipes off
from there oh that's pretty good good
job dude so proud of you
we've been so excited about this we
found out months ago that we were going
to do this
shoutout to Warby Parker for sponsoring
our video today a couple months ago I
had a little accident it wasn't this but
it wait which I was it was my last day I
had a corneal abrasion so there was a
cut in my cornea and it hurt it's the
most uncomfortable I've ever been with
physical pain and I've broken bones and
things like that it just was very
uncomfortable it was during the fourth
of July I had to go get an eye
appointment and I got glasses because I
couldn't wear contacts and I hated my
glasses
there was only two pairs in the entire
place actually fit me cuz I'd like a big
head and
my face cute and I felt so rushed and I
just I was like Oh durable so I'm super
happy to be getting these today yeah Jen
also wears glasses I wear a glass and
I'm like a stronger prescription Jenny
isn't mainly to drive but probably
should wear glasses or contacts more
often yeah probably should I've noticed
I have gotten older that like I'm I
definitely get more headaches and
dizzier like I should be wearing my
glasses more I just don't I need to
though so what we did we went on the
Warby Parker website each of us did this
quick little survey that you can do to
cannot figure out which classes would
fit your head the best shape of your
face in your head and we picked five out
each so we're in try them on right now
trial yes there's an at-home Tryon kit
it's 100% free to do we didn't pay
anything they sent them to our house
yeah being you do it from the comfort of
our home no pressure so this is the
first time we're me trying these on and
we're gonna see one box
yeah as a return label so you can ship
it back for free as well there's like no
commitment to doing this oh no it's
actually really if you don't like any of
them you can send them back and try on a
different five pair if you want to do
here's the
inside the box has like that different
things now I've got glasses for narrow
faces cuz I I can't have a P head so
you're home trying and book baby I'm
gonna pick out the one I like and then I
just go on the website and I give him my
prescription and they're gonna send him
to us it's pretty cool because they're
actually adding really good price you
can get glasses for as cheap as $95
which is pretty amazing because the ones
I bought I didn't like it all and I'm
pretty sure they're more expensive than
that
Plus these are stylish they want these
to be a styling accessory so hopefully
yeah you look good and for every pair
you buy they send a pair to someone I
need to do that so a lot of these are
the same like a lot of my I think mine
are pretty much just kind of the same I
have a few those but slightly different
so it's trying yeah first I wanted to
try a pair of glasses on like this
forever because clear glasses are like
in right now everyone has classes and I
love the clear glasses look but I went
for like pink clear they're like a pink
color the cool part too is so probably
on the same lens is this here but the
lens will get on our glasses like with
our prescription will be a non
reflective and very scratch resistant
coating on it so that's positive okay
here's an x-ray
I like those wow you look hot you really
want me to I've always wanted Sam to own
glasses because I think they're really
cute so you guys let us know - which
ones you like yeah well we'll go with
your opinion like we'll check out the
comments before we actually like these I
think these fit better than my last ones
yeah they look like this screen there's
a little bit of a glue extra ships
because the light but it's okay okay I
like this do you like these those I'd be
like okay I'm like all my glasses don't
want all five pairs these are very
similar to my last row you guys probably
wouldn't even tell much of a difference
between right they fit like a little
more narrow I think like I can feel the
pit as well in front oh those are cute
okay number two this is pair my favorite
number two I like this I think what do
you call it designer
tortoise tortoise ground tortoise that's
like
Oh excited for these looking guys these
are two tones actually Julia at
Disneyland has this exact pair and I
knew that these were coming in the mail
of so excited to try them on ah oh no
wonder she has ones I really like ooh I
do like us they really go out there sure
- because it's like as your hair color
up top it seemed a little small do you
like these these arms are a little small
for me they are a little time I mean my
hands oh these are definitely a
contender that's right I think those are
my favorite so far the trials but these
are cute oh I like Halle Berry
circularly means when these are for
those are cute - they fit like the fit
is nice for me do you like those I like
these ones too though because I cut
around I didn't want to go Brown class
that's for yeah I want to know what you
guys think just for you
these ones are black oh yeah
I should have done more variety but I'm
actually pretty actually
yeah first though these kind of look
like 3d that's what that first but
they're kind of really cute actually did
you the cutest okay here's my prayer for
I got a pair of cat eyes to try like I
like these little cat eye glass wait -
these are just black so and I already
have a black pair don't think I'll get
black again but I like the shape though
so they had three different like like
shape face shape so you could try
another narrow then medium and then oh
my goodness you're so cute yes my parrot
ears are definitely in Szeto Szeto
anyone it makes me wish I actually tried
it to ten I feel like to turn Juliet we
might be twins actually really like how
do our mind so that's not what you guys
think
one two three four or five or you could
say that you turn - so some water but
that's kind of like what I was that I
was yeah let us know if you guys try
this five-day trial trial kit oh my
goodness you're so cute
you're a doctor you guys once you try
this five-day trial kit no obligation
it's free go to war be Parker comm slash
sanika and you can try it out let us
know which one you think we should get
and we want to know what you guys get -
who are you now I just filmed everything
I'm about to say but it looks like way
too long and rambling like five minutes
long so I'm going to make it shorter you
guys it is uh
10:00 a.m. and I have dinner in the
crock-pot I did white chicken chili
hopefully it tastes good I forgot the
corn I always end up forgetting an
ingredient seems like Jenn you can't
make something with like you're missing
an ingredient anyway we'll see if it's
good if it's not our friend brie has an
amazing white chili recipe that I needed
just like I need to get that again from
her cuz I think I lost it but today I
think I'm gonna decorate the kids rooms
I've got new curtain rods for them his
left nose old one at the house although
I just got the same one but mini version
and I got one for PJ because they both
have smaller windows in their bedrooms
now so we got those the same one they
already had but smaller and then I have
a few pictures to hang up in PJ's room
and a Noah's room so that should be fun
I want to get a few more things because
they have way more wall space now but
I'm just gonna as I go up just slow
little bits here and there you've got to
get our room kind of more put together I
still have I still have one two more
boxes that's all I have left in my
closet and I need to unload Sam leaves
for the extinct premiere tomorrow
morning he'll be gone until Saturday but
my brother Andrews coming into town I'm
not sure exactly what day he's coming
into town but he's coming which would be
really fun he actually wrote and filmed
his own and movie like a full movie
well friend she's coming this weekend so
I'll be really fun especially because
since then we'll be gone they'll be my
step company if he doesn't coming before
Sam with me while Sam's gone so that's
something fun to look forward to going
together a few fun things for the kids
to do like a round town I need to
explore more kid things around here but
a friend to actually lived in where we
live a very similar area are like a very
close part to everywhere we are and
should give me like a whole list of fun
restaurants to try and fun things to do
so there's fun farmers markets on
Saturdays and make all this great stuff
so I was like aha this is happen and
like new doctors and Obi's and all that
stuff because I'm like shoot I told it
was realized last week that I don't have
an OB and can still have a pediatrician
so we gotta change that real soon
because he visited each her one and a
half year checkup like next month I mean
come on guys I'm like really proud of
myself for having this done although I
wish they were born in there whoops hey
hey you wait so cute did she give you
mallanna why are you guys so cute what
you have in your hand
Jeb little pepper losing the other hand
princess Peppa you have to Peppa's very
pepper you love pepper yeah yeah oh and
your necklace you love you're more on a
necklace hello I love you I'm sweating
I'm not gonna be happy when he finds out
I put this curtain up by myself it's
hard work I definitely I put it in the
wrong place too late now I'm like
sweating and it's done so it'll be fine
it'll look good okay
so I kind of did it I need to push that
side in just a little bit um it's
definitely blackout-curtain
but it'll get the job done whatever it's
better than the towel we've been after a
fin they'll be nice when it's a nice to
be outside right now it's just
circulating warm air right now we're
gonna go to this new jump place well I
did I said suggested a jump place I was
near the place that Jen took the kids
the other day I think we're going to a
different one though I'm not sure it's
fun to take your guys suggestions on
places around here to go to and when it
gets a little cooler outside it'll be
really fun to explore the area as well
you jump
we going
here's real-life guys sometimes kids
don't want to eat in this case PJ
doesn't want to hear actually usually
pretty good
oh you want some chips and guac what is
this cult Jen white chili Jenna made a
white chili it's been in the crock-pot
today I put a little bit of this secret
aardvark sauce in it habanero hot sauce
is actually really good
I know you know Sam's on a chili guy no
I love this this is its chili and you
liked it that's because the white
Chili's a little like less healthy I
think just really I like it more and
then this oh my gosh we are obsessed
with chunky guacamole guilt reduced
guilt there Jess you have a cod oh and
your chilly chicken beak utensils now so
I guess you have the avocado genitive
her rejig at this recipe Pinterest
Pinterest just be careful with that fork
you try it oh good job hey your
no you're being a great brother buddy
we'll continue to work on this situation
yeah I don't know why I'm not turning a
light on but I just finished packing
I'll leave tomorrow I'm only gonna be
down for about 48 hours going to the
extinct TV premieres the show that I was
in an episode of as an extra during an
escape room it'll be pretty fun gonna
see day on and a couple friends app
Jen's brother aap andrew is actually
gonna be heading this way and I think
he'll be staying with us for a couple of
days maybe weeks not sure exactly but he
finished filming his movie tonight and
he's looking to edit it at our house on
one of our computers I feel like it's
been so go go go
since we've got out here but I guess
that's good at the same time anyways
we'll see you guys tomorrow I'll bring a
camera I'll leave on with Jen
please good night careful you guys Mario
Pete
as my burger Haut did you make me a
burger
Oh were you about to say heart C hat C
hat oh that's so close eye surgery at
the same thank you
