hey guys ha I always say happy day happy
whatever
I just laid in bed until 1:15 in the
afternoon it's currently 2:12 are you
really foggy let me clean you up we woke
up pretty early to get Sam off to work
and then and well like he was getting
ready and everything the maintenance guy
came for the apartments that we live in
and I'm really glad he came and looked
at everything because there's a lot more
to do than just put a new cord on the
back everything is hooked up and ready
to go like it's running and everything
it can run it's just tilted like you
can't really tell from this angle but he
can't push it all the way back into the
little square you see and so the front
is kind of up more than the back so it's
kind of like an angle so you said we
have to get something to level it oh
it's really annoying and so that was
really fun to learn we would turn the
cardboard and I'm thinking I might just
make Sam do that and we'll just put some
cardboard under the legs maybe a lot of
cardboard under the legs the washer and
dryer is good to go we just have to
level it out and then I was like I'm
pretty sure air conditioners broken too
I'm really sorry but can you fix that
while you're here and so he was really
nice and he saw that I was pregnant and
his wife's pregnant so I think he was
extra nice to me because because I was
pregnant sometimes it pays off me and
pregnant I guess it was it works and
like nothing was wrong with it it was
just on the wrong setting so I guess it
was supposed to be on like an auto
setting and not on the on setting which
makes no sense I'm like okay just have
one setting but I'm just a very simple
person like that I don't like when
there's lots of doodahs when there'd
only needs to be one dude ah it works
now I guess one of the pipes was like
frozen so that that's taken care of and
it's so much nicer in here it's not
blazing hot like yesterday I wanted to
die I was sweating so bad I've been
feeling a lot better like my anxiety is
definitely way like down a huge notch
and so I think me thinking he was coming
like really early the baby that is was
due to a lot of my anxiety
and my nesting so now that like things
are a little bit more organized and I'll
have to do is wash his stuff I'm feeling
a lot better I still think he might come
a little early but I don't know who
knows he's gonna come when he wants to
come everything will be done before he
comes
hopefully yay I'm so glad you guys like
the new early up a new early upload
that's the word I'm looking for I was
let's say update Sam sacrificed his
sleep last night so that we could get on
a better schedule he edited two vlogs
yesterday that yesterday's vlog and
today's and had it scheduled to upload
this afternoon so I'm glad that you guys
like the new schedule so hopefully now
things will be easier for us hopefully
it'll be good for everyone especially
Sam cuz he's gonna edit kudos to all you
that all of you guys who know how to
edit because anything it's really hard
and you have to have like talent
man-like skills for sure because
anything is not an easy thing to do I
mean it's easy but doing it creatively I
guess is kind of anyways anyways anyways
good anyways anyways really annoying
anyways anyway so anyways anyways
anyways um anyways which makes no sense
anyways do dock anyways anyway so
anyways yeah and anyways what I just
burped
anyway that's guest anyways anyways
anyways so I'm glad that he doesn't have
to do - and one day anymore hopefully if
we will now then a better sketch of
through here on out and I'm glad I've
been reading the comments on today's
video and you guys are like loving the
new schedule so I'm very glad I'm
pleased as punch but other exciting news
this weekend we have very good friends
who are getting married when we first
started YouTube we found couple vloggers
and we became friends with them and they
Trevor and Karen and I'm a few goats of
protocol ours if you haven't check them
out or youtube.com slash couple of
otters they're getting married this
weekend we're so excited for them we've
been along this little journey of them
getting prepared to get married so we're
so excited coming first met them and
we're like oh we're having to pay with
that month like bringing married that
month so excited for you Trevor and
Karen and we can't wait for you to get
married I'm married life is the most
being singles great to the side guys
being singles so awesome though
excited for you guys to get married this
weekend and we're just wish you all the
happiness in the world
trick them out to come out cuz they're
real cool and they're getting married so
go show them some love and support from
the Stanley Cup family cut I want to see
the wedding marriage also I forgot to
mention guys that I was looking at
comments from yesterday's video and all
of the names that we like or have
thought about have been mentioned I'm
pretty sure I noticed almost all of the
names that we'd liked so a good job a
lot of you guys have guessed the names
that have been on the list at one point
welcome home from work Mel time here's
the mail and never feels it makes me
want to wag my tail Jessica's moving her
mouth every time I said something ah
this is from Katie from Pennsylvania it
says Samak I hate you guys you guys sec
yes God wouldn't we my toes every life
thanks Katie in Pennsylvania she said
something that's really cool she said
doesn't always feel great to read a
handwritten letter who does that anymore
I don't think I've heard in this much by
hand in years which is true I barely
write with my own hand now and it's
sometimes when I'm writing I'm like oh I
need to practice my penmanship you guys
it's actually really funny because I was
just watching so Ella's blog and she was
doing a male vlog and she had come
Taedong how every letter was handwritten
and how she loved that every letter she
gets his hand written and I got a whip
God's character to the letter it's like
I'm not I think I already know a little
bit more about you every letter weirder
and your handwriting is incredible
impeccable it's just my hair is terrible
it seemed like a great person and if
sloppy handwriting though is your
basketball oh I can't believe we're
gonna have someone talking me
I can't believe that either look why in
my pork is their third book we've gotten
oh good night moon
I'm doing the feels right now
where's ooh another book can't wait to
read these myself what demolition
okay all boys love trucks and emiliÂ´s
oh my gosh look at that thud I said a
brilliant idea
I think I feel a nighttime story coming
on time sorry Sam it's going down
Wow little man here we're gonna have
bedtime stories all the time because I'm
gonna read to him and you guys Wow Katie
thank you so much Katie
you deserve credit for this if it turns
out to be sweet bedtime stories with Sam
and so I was reading this letter more
and Katie is a teacher in these four
books they stand out to her as favorite
books that she's read to kids while
teaching that is so thoughtful
Jane jinx jinx Wow we're starting a
little book collection yeah we only have
two books so far now we have six I walk
in my book it was like to inform
everyone what we're doing we're going on
a little Drive there's a lot of nature
and just beauty all around us and we're
like hey let's go see what's up yeah and
so we're gonna go for a little quick
Drive and just you know stretch our legs
Jen's been inside most the day I've been
inside most of the day and so we're just
gonna start incorporating more things
like this in our lab so that we can see
especially since we got the vodka
already you know we have more time to
exhibit a how we feel about these early
Vox we feeling good we feeling good so
far the feeling due Sunday they ever
leave la it's like I would normally it's
like 8 o'clock right now I'd be
right now rested we're going on a little
adventure is this seriously someone's
out no oh wow that's really cool though
it looks like a capsule we're taking new
sanika along for the ride
Murrieta
look I'm at Mario Kart right now
everyone this is what they call golden
hour and photography one son is most
gold well there's a magenta hour a
golden hour a blue hour this happens
sometimes we'll be watching KC levears
vlog and Jen will be watching in their
laptop at a completely different spot
I'm ahead of you I'm ahead of you
actually we watch sports together a lot
but not right now how do you I already
know what's happening look at gage is
running she doesn't know that gage is
running it out it was everything barely
update he's still in there Jenn's in bed
as I wrap up today's vlog I want to say
thank you to you guys for being a great
support to us if you guys feel like
family it's fun to sneak away during
work in the bathroom and check my
Twitter accounts see what's going on
check in with all of you guys you know
we appreciate the nice comments and the
mean ones too
there's one thing that I want you guys
to check out my sister who some of you
guys are subscribed to you she's pretty
cool and her vlogs are a lot more
interesting than ours she created a
video this week where she dressed up as
Elsa and her little daughter dressed up
as Olaf they went on New York City in
the subway in Times Square yeah they
looked like crazies and they put em in
it's awesome so guys go check it out
look at it right here
I know she put a lot of time into it so
I want you guys to go check it out tell
me what you think tell her what you
think and we will see you guys tomorrow
we got a lot to get done we're still in
a decorated little man's room we're not
gonna paint it or anything but we got
everything up you know we got we want to
make him feel at home
I know when he comes in his rooms gonna
be like what is going on my parents not
dead
right now but really we need to make it
nicer and more presentable to him our
present to little man okay I don't know
what I'm saying see you guys tomorrow
please
you
