good morning sweet world today I go to
work and then later we see how this
little babe is doing if he's getting
ready to come out he's ready to come out
yeah I'm not gonna be one checking but
that's what we're doing today so we'll
see you in a bit
hey guys happy Tuesday and I almost
forgot what's hit man that I was hoping
that people are gonna come to fix the
washer and dryer day or just like make
sure it was hooked up correctly but they
can't come until tomorrow because I
guess there's a lot of people who need
their air conditionings fixed which
makes me think that we need our air
conditioning fixed it like never it's
just like constantly running but it
doesn't feel like it's getting to the
right temperature that said that you
want to make us once it gets that
temperature it usually shuts off and
then when it gets too hot it'll turn
back on but it hasn't been doing that so
I really feel like ours is broken too so
I might have them fix that as well
tomorrow so yeah I hope you guys are
having a fun day a fun Tuesday pretty
much all oh my doctor's appointment I
have my 37 week checkup today so we'll
see if I have dilated pass to one the
only time I thought they had left was
5:30 in the afternoon and I was like
seriously 5:30 that's the way that's
like almost dinnertime I'm gonna pick
him up a little early and we're gonna go
to the hospital to check everything out
which will be good cuz he doesn't know
where the hospital is so it's probably
good that he's coming to this one with
me a good day don't you guys just love
when you have a fridge full of food I
just think those berries in those bowls
or in the grapes this looks so pretty
all that fruit down there yeah you guys
know I'm going hard on that going ham on
that fruit this week mmm and I decided
to get a family size box of family size
box of Wheat Thins this week instead of
the small one so that way I won't eat it
in two sittings grocery shopping always
makes me so tired so lame
I feel so pathetic but you do get really
tired growing a child's Oh Sam's getting
up early today whoa earlier than I
expected him to cough so I'm excited I'm
gonna go pick him up so the next clip
police and afternoon good evening we're
on our way to the hospital where I've
never been before
to see where this child would be birth
unless for some reason he's birthed in
our own home which hopefully won't
happen or a car or a subway or plane so
Jen's driving me there let's do this
but the baby's born right now it's not
gonna happen this is the view from where
Jenica will give birth the elevator that
we will get in when a little man is
ready to be here you see that level to
labor and delivery Maternity it's only a
matter of days weeks maybe years this is
the crosswalk that we will run across as
the man is ready to be here these are
the sprinklers about the dodge there's
some wildlife that we'll have to look at
see there those are the ducks that will
greet us as we get here to deliver
little man excuse me guys like a run
down our AC is broken not working it is
so free not inside read it tomorrow so
then I think we break it does it happen
like everyone I called today about like
the washer and dryer needed to be like
looked at to make sure everything was
set up right and they couldn't come
today because they were seeing too many
people who had air conditioning problems
man
I like really liked this apartment
complex but there's just one thing after
the other lately and I don't know which
is so funny cuz it does not it we really
like it here it's just lately I don't
know why and of course in summer and
it's so hot and I'm so pregnant anyway I
forgot what I was even going to talk
about Wow pregnancy moment I forgot why
I even turned on the camera I know
that's dark you can see my stomach okay
he's grown very low on my uterus he's
missing on my bladder target ball in got
my target ball in the thinking of it
going every time I walked in here mmm
: I mean red ball the male has nothing
red balls go I mean big red balls
christy is this the girl that you were
just a baby Ringling pig child wrangling
who's the girl looks just like her no
it's not I don't know oh man it's been a
minute since I've checked out these nerf
guns like that
it's pretty intense at work I probably
shot 30 40 50 darts today I know that's
a wide range but she never asks me that
we don't really talk at all during the
day I ask you when I pick you up how was
your day these options hey it's been a
minute I was actually kind of hurt do
you hit really hard they still make up
there are so many options
there's the crossbow there's the zombie
gear did your lead yes he had a free 12
pack of darts this one cheats 31 sands
like 5 bucks my gun right now me shoots
one the girl that loves makeup but
doesn't buy any
her name is Jenica Anderson and she's
expecting a baby any time well in the
next month
so I look down and my stomach doesn't
seem that big from from my view because
it's so low it's like just look little
but people always stare at me and then I
look at myself I had to cleanse myself
from the side and I'm like oh I'm not
better than I do about it I am big red
balls every time I see that balls I got
you girl
calling calling never say your name
right anymore cuz I got confused during
the Hangout : : : big red balls so world
am i big am i just normal it's currently
11 p.m. my goal of being in bed by 11 is
still off target Tyler just texted me
that dude is hilarious and I love the
sending mail through this guy right here
I just love doing it myself I don't know
what it is but I just love doing it so
I'm glad to mail off this copy of FIFA
14 then I sold on eBay cuz I have
another copy and I just love doing this
I don't I don't want to go get in line
to do that can't get mine cuz it's
closed I like doing this the best I just
had ice cream and he's really happy I
don't have to record this because he
loves doing this you turned around like
I was down here but I live here
hey guys I love doing this it's just
something that I thoroughly enjoy it's
just like those new Y those new soda
machines at the store that you can
choose all the different flavors and I
just like touch screens let's be real I
own the lineup as most that this is
usually always long
you might bang for Rudy for the Spurs in
the NBA championship that was bonus
I know today I have a rough time when I
was talking to the camera by myself at
home
it was rough public service your eyes no
there's something in the comments that a
while goes it's not like referred to
2004 big Sam's 2-0 like 16 for all you
wonderful new subscribers we've been
getting lots of question like questions
in the comments and we actually have a
Q&A so if you're interested it's down in
the below box our Q&A that you can go
back and watch it get all those
questions about our age and marriage and
everything pregnancy update things have
not changed much actually they're quite
the same things are the same one side
may be violated 90% of face the coolest
part of the appointment was when she put
the little monitor on his heartbeat it
was like buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
buh buh really loud louder than normal
she's like hold up I need to turn that
down that baby heartbeat is strong
I was like get man beat that heart beat
that heart beat that hard
Queen Amidala know some of these name
ideas are good some are bad but we have
we're narrowed it down to about two
names and one of them has been mentioned
in the comments cuz we read all your
comments guys but we're not gonna say
which one it is ever people are
wondering if we're gonna have a name or
a sambuca name but you guys would
probably know his name on his won't
announce it today was birth for today no
today at work we ate giant snow cones
that had ice cream on the inside of them
they also were drizzled and condensed
milk that was called cream whatever it
was good and there was a golf cart
racing well go get you one don't worry
it's not all fun and games though I've
worked all day
so to summarize the day looking good
baby is progressing normally I
officially know where the hospital is so
I can get Jen there and myself yep and I
found the funniest picture on Twitter
tonight
it's Maleficent
mail $0.50 and it's movie sent as a
little uh visit and I just think it's I
don't know any think this is funny I
think this is hope which I gave a shove
it I'm dying right now it's just
hilarious like dudu packs index this is
our 150th vlog and nothing special
happened unless John starts dancing
right now sorry Danzig start danger
yeah we're inching closer and closer to
the day that little body will be laying
him you like
you
