be Monday everybody it's Monday
afternoon and I decided I deserve a
little pool time today true what - no
tone on tone no I don't want anybody
else but you hopefully it's not like
crowded because I'm pregnant and feel
weird being myself I don't know whatever
doesn't matter I haven't been swimming
in forever anyway I'm just gonna have a
little bit of relaxing time slept in a
little bit
I was tired listen to you guys and you
take this time to relax while I can
because this kid's gonna be here before
before we know it so I'm just going to
hang out cool for a little bit and catch
some rays and this pasty white phase of
my life
mmm kinda nice I don't love it when
there's a ton of people kind of weird
being the only one by myself with these
apartments looking right at me
but you make oh dang hey guys so I'm
just leaving the pool it's so quiet out
here
anyways it was so nice so I mean I could
have like literally stayed in that water
forever because I was just so weightless
and it was amazing but I think my skin a
lot more sensitive and little man wasn't
loving
sitting in the heat you like the water
but not the heat so LF I think you got a
little bit of Sun and a baby but don't
worry guys I'll either this ain't some
sand scream a lot of sand screen on me
know I put a lot of sunscreen on I was
staying hydrated so don't worry I know
my skin's more sensitive during
pregnancy and I'm just having been in
the Sun for a long time it was so nice I
don't feel guilty about it at all and I
might go back tomorrow there are a lot
of comments that I've started on Gina
that I want to go back and respond to
this was one of them zero-zero
why is their binder with the blue piece
of paper that says no singing at the
table this is a family cookbook my mom
made it's called no singing at the table
because I grew up with three sisters and
everyone would say
table not including me so we had a rule
no singing at the table including him no
got to take a break from seeing you at
the table
fun fact his mom put that cookbook
together before she even knew I existed
yeah she made this for my future wife
and here she is that's me yeah you know
like life is just busy and Sam he's been
exhausted it's been hard we just need to
get on a better schedule but we've been
saying that forever so once the baby
comes though we'll definitely be on the
schedule cuz we have to be he literally
came home and has been laying here like
this since he got home a couple hours
ago passed out what is that so
which is that you've haven't you have
Daniel hands somewhere for me wet who's
Megan she's really cool when she fell
she's from yeah no she's not from Kenya
she's from a case where they send royal
mansion
I know what's in here and I can't wait
to see it where's Louis - you are so
nice to send this to us
have you ever like Sherman like braver
look at that first of all I have never
been drawn or painted bull I mean stick
figures yes actually it is a little hard
temple - Meghan smells like Meghan thank
you so much for sending us this thank
you frameless we have enough over our
fireplace so cool it's so cool with
other than those things characters
famous do you get at Disneyland
interpreters way better there's a little
pop do boom met Meghan
flying his way out decreasing liftoff I
quickly delete cookies
we just stopped by quickly their sweets
jammie Dodgers yappy dog just don't bite
cookie their sweets forgive them for
traveling right now looks so good I want
with probably the steam Thank You Mae it
was so nice of you
he's gone all day people I know Megan is
doing 500 days of positivity right here
take a little break and she was a pig
stay positive stay creative and have a
wonderful day
she's awesome go check her out man I
think we got this wrong they're not
cookies they're biscuit Oh too intense
when we do that some of the work online
that Beth gets weird biscuits I was like
saying that hey guys it's my bag thanks
so much
biscuits everybody get yourself some
jammie Dodgers by the way I think we're
close to a name I think we've narrowed
it down to like a few like should we say
all the names I think we've narrowed it
down though we post all the names right
here
psych what if we posted all 10 names and
then you guys try and guess which one we
picked I'm worried though that you'd
pick one that we didn't pick and be like
yeah that's it and then we're like
actually it's not but anyway I'm really
happy that we're narrowing it down
finally I think it's narrowed down to
like two or three which is better than
having none
my man's doing that man the thing fixing
stuff but all manly men do think doing a
wonderful job he got the old one off now
we just gotta try and get the new one
it's just me wrapping up the vlog today
Jenica is taking a nap and I don't want
to wake her up so here's the deal I
don't know if you guys have noticed but
the uploads are really late now I want
to fix that I want to get on a better
schedule I want to have them go up on
that work so what I'm gonna do today and
tomorrow is have kindness semi shorter
vlogs this one might actually end up
being normal length tomorrow's might be
a little shorter the reason for that is
because I want to get on a better
schedule for me and for you guys I want
to be able to edit the vlog the night
before have it up instead of coming home
from work and editing it and things like
that which really isn't that bad but it
could just be so much better
ultimately what I will do is give me
more leeway to do male vlog to do other
things like that to update things I want
to do merch ik I don't know just little
things so I have more time you know it
will just all be better trust me guys so
tomorrow might be a little shorter this
one might be a little different we
actually cut out a lot because we're
gonna include that in the mail vlog
April Carter if you're watching know a
lot of you guys have sent in art and
things like that and we want to share it
with you guys so I'm just trying to get
on a better schedule so I can include
that in my normal day schedule because
guys kind of busy these days so it's
been rough and to be honest I'd rather
be doing rush into that I work - I like
my job a lot but you know workers work
and this is fun so anyways oh we get
hope you guys are having a great week it
has been incredible to read some of the
comments you guys are saying it's just
like I'll be honest I got a little
emotional
almost editing that I said last night
there was a baby blessing at church on
Sunday and I almost cried I don't know
how I'm gonna make it through this
baby's birth tomorrow we have a doctor
appointment on a little baby and oh my
goodness the princess has arisen like
I'll see you guys tomorrow peace love ya
