that was crazy last night hey I anyone
skyping my brother than like that's not
what and rusev work brother sounds true
I don't know don't know don't know I
don't want anybody else puts you
come here ya know your life is even
better Brett someone said yesterday they
like you guys should make a ringtone out
of James laughs cuz i would totally
download it worst idea ever honey cuz
that's all bringing us to brittany's
like oh my lab is terrible like it's
none of my favorite things about you I
love your lab it's so wow I just great
for the past two hours Austin I'm basic
to house yes sorry the I know I are not
fixed all right I'm more salmon that's
my fault eggs but we think the only
thing I wanted done de Austin was like
what have you been up to and I was like
I don't know and I was like what about
you it's like Oh much um I mean I'm
supposed to work on this washer and
dryer that was two hours ago so I'm
sorry I knew I knew when he said he was
skyping you that it would not be done
let me describe how this to our skype
calls gone for the first 30 minutes we
just stared at each other we didn't even
say anything it was a staring contest of
just you know that's how competitive
we've been we're like who's gonna blink
first and Austin actually won no then
Evan then the next hour we just you know
we talked smack about the basketball
game weird we bought the lines is so it
would be a little less tense I was
actually telling Sam earlier like I'm
terrible about watching videos but their
videos of the only videos have been
watching lately so I'm watching you guys
can't go watch them to go subscribe to
their Channel right just saying that cuz
were right here we're almost got into
lab Jenna cos laughs is just warming up
right now I'm not gonna laugh this
entire conversation oh one thing we did
talk about today is maybe actually
making this basketball thing a real
thing so we'll see
oh me oh I'm just gazing out this window
looking at this guy over there hold on
me babe hey what's feel I'm just
checking out the yard right now see
what's good you know I was walking back
from the pool today and there was a
little okay that's gonna be very zoomed
in on me it's slowly zooming out and
there was this little puppy in like in
the wind like is just his head was
popping out of the blinds okay cool
story bro oh turd and then I went
to go filming some like oh hey there's a
puppet and then he was gone I knew that
I pulled out a camera another sign your
nesting and about to give a birth to a
baby hallucinations no there was really
a puppy named Wayne okay anyways as I
was saying guys that I strong in the
wind rest up my man crush sunset
Saturday it's really hot badass don't
really expect yeah but I've no less if
you like cute babies boy babies girl
babies if you like cute people if you
like people that think they know how to
play basket out animals I don't know how
like you wouldn't know who they r ER cuz
everyone else when animals are except
the little man he hasn't been born yet
but if you haven't by chance heard of
the Nationals check them out because
they're awesome and hilarious for real
no go check them out they're super nice
it was really fun Austin and I talked
for a long time and Jen's not too happy
about it whatever I had to break up the
bromance it's okay when me and Brett get
together we'll have a little more manse
yeah I can have lots of romances right
go check him out tell them what's up
right now go put the annotation put
their annotation on my forehead make
sure it's britney's face and then me and
Brittany connect i'll have brittany on
my four head coaching about Gus they
have really cute babies
that's kind of funny our mail box it
says anderson vlogs now which is kind of
help I curious I remember I puts amika
there because like sometimes my friends
like send us a letter or something and I
will say like same account on it on it
even though the dress is red eyes didn't
want them d like thrown off so they just
put a tag in there and it says anderson
vlogs i found that so funny I never
moved at all to get any of these balls
see there it goes again me not running
up to the ball there goes chasing the
ball not me I get some cooking with jen
we're gonna make indian food mmm guys in
terms of shopping carts i have to say
that target has like the best shopping
carts yeah very sturdy kind of cute yeah
i think you is that you just thank you
oh yeah like this abundant yeah I'm
sausage chest you're so weird he's good
with my shirt off the couch like a
perfect boy maybe can hook the couch so
I could see you be sausage man it's like
instead of an S for Superman it's a
sausage fat and these sausages are
sun-dried tomato and asiago cheese
chicken sausage and it's eleven o'clock
at night but I'm not having a great i
have not having any cravings yeah hey
sup guys I'm sausage chest the sausage
puns it with my shirt okay okay let's
get these babies up
it really is trying to get me to see
chef Tyler puts food in his vlog so I
put food in my vlogs too cuz you know
it's just a little bit kinda funny
speaking ideas shirt hey so we moved we
go to a different church but it's the
same church turned your building before
we were in the nursery which is like all
the little kids and we're just like
playing with them were like uncle and
aunt for a day you know just making sure
they behave at church while their
parents are at Sunday school and things
like that now we're in charge of
teaching the four-year-olds so we met
him last week they're really cute little
sassy hey I've all I wanted to kind of
talk about their weekend and what
they're doing birthday parties they'd
been to find their cute it's mostly
girls class that's supposedly there's
some boys too but they weren't there but
anyways we're teaching the lesson
tomorrow and the lesson is about the
lesson is Jesus Christ loves me you
ready for this this guy's loved you guys
I don't know for some reason 3 4 h 5
doesn't have like a big like oh yeah
that's what the kids gonna be like
they're gonna be this and that and this
I just don't know much about those age
groups so when I met these little
four-year-olds and we were I couldn't
believe how smart they are let's kids
are smart stuff yeah i thought four year
olds couldn't even talk yet okay they're
smart kids and tomorrow we're gonna have
a nice little lesson and then we're
gonna color a picture because our first
weekend that's an easy out cuz you know
we just want to gonna feel you know how
they're gonna accept our us teaching him
but if you were four years old would you
want to be in our class gonna be really
serious tomorrow we gotta get ready we
got to read bus and and decide how we're
gonna teach it tomorrow you guys looks
and cooks too
all of chicken two for me because I
don't want to cut the chicken today
tonight we are having a butter chicken
as well as a vindaloo well I think you
just need this one a spicy this one it
is mild and so I was like and I want
something spicy so we got spicy in miles
that's how we do it chick-fil-a in
chipotle spicy mild I like both but you
know sometimes you gotta mix it up and I
only like the one butter chicken me you
guys could smell this job now good so
good so good like Indian food it's not
so good that I mean ooh Sam's look spicy
good job chef see how it tastes hmm sumo
first period I mean a lot of hockey to
be played but we're looking good right
now and I'm feeling good I'm feeling
great look at that Johnny tapes baby Oh
sent the high-scoring game now my
thought I was ready for this game
emotionally physically and everything
but I'm not these players all came very
prepared for this game they came with
their game faces on and the skating
shoes tag they're all playing really
well but go ox
it's going into overtime game 7 doesn't
get more intensive this leg don't have a
good feeling about it I told you had a
bad feeling about this sorry why wasn't
Crawford ready well it bounces tonight
oh no three hours late dale just don't
turn this on or else we'll have a fire
hazard okay it's like in the crags like
everywhere behind the scenes after
effects of a YouTube 20k dance party so
wet confetti confetti everywhere we
didn't even use that whole bag so we
save it don't spill it let's take that
up right now wow this girl is nesting
and she's probably freaking out about
all this there's confetti everywhere
luckily there's none on the carpet I did
it for you are you two fam I'll ever
love it's kind of crazy though honestly
you guys are the ones that make this fun
I just was thinking okay the blackhawks
was lost ah but you know what I have the
best support group ever because I run on
Twitter was like man I'm so sorry and
even you guys that root for that like
kings and are like you Kings fans were
like dude sorry about it
and you know what that's awesome good
sportsmanship shown all around no but
seriously I say seriously a lot but
seriously you guys are the best and what
a support group are the best you know I
usually it does help having a lot to
look forward to this month otherwise I
would probably just be like at work
tomorrow just like we have so much to be
grateful for and there's so much to look
forward to yeah and we love you guys
hope you had a great weekend thank you
to everyone that submitted a video for
this dance yeah it was hard to keep
track of them all because there was over
like a hundred submissions so if any of
you like slip through the cracks on
accident it wasn't on purpose orange got
everyone that was emailed to me I'm
worried about the ones that were tweeted
or stuff like that because it was hard
to keep track of those yeah so for some
reason your video did making the video
let me know because I'm gonna do a
little montage in the middle of the week
you know and one the bugs so yeah so if
you did some to the cracks just let us
know but don't worry yeah she don't feel
bad it wasn't because we didn't like
your video it's just because we can't
gonna find this appeared yeah so it'll
make it just let us know where it is I
hope you guys enjoy the video it's crazy
that we just made another one of these
it's so crazy maybe we'll make more in
the future I'll be fine fathima cut is
growing strong and you guys are the best
honestly and now they need to go vacuum
yeah so we'll see you guys later
you
