it's true I don't know I don't know I
don't know I don't want anybody else but
you I call it
against it
hey guys good afternoon it is the
afternoon now I have just been relaxing
today Sam again Sam drove himself to
work again so I could sleep in my brain
just will not shut off at night these
days like I was just tossing and turning
it's terrible and then I finally finally
fell asleep so I am just relaxing I'm
gonna get the house house we made the
house cleaned up today got a lot done in
the baby's room last night like you can
see the floor it's amazing
I'll show you guys cuz it's really
exciting let's see look at you can see
most of the carpet and there's our crib
so I gotta like vacuumed all the popcorn
pieces up and stuff from building the
thing and that's all Sam's stuff he
needs to take care of so I've just gotta
get the house all vacuumed up and clean
because that baby's room now is you know
giving everything off the floor was just
another thing off the do-do-do-do-do
list the to-do list
still just need to get this stupid
bookshelf put together I haven't put
stuff back on it because it's kind of
like falling apart a little bit because
Sam and his friend built it wrong the
first time I know I probably should have
built it but I wasn't pregnant so maybe
I would have screwed it up who knows I'm
gonna have him like fix that when he
gets home and then I'll get the
bookshelf put together and I also have a
friend stop by my friend Shelby she's
been in other videos and stuff she's
down and felt like four wedding so she
might stop by and hang out with me for a
little bit so I'll be fun but other than
that I'm just chillin cleaning and
eating because all I want to do is eat
and drinking okay we've got my water
here you guys sound like I don't drink
water I do drink water it's just I've
been trying to get so much stuff done I
haven't been drinking as much as I
normally do so that's why I really I
haven't had juice for like two days
literally I've just been drinking water
although I didn't have a smoothie
yesterday but that was with water and
fruit I think that's it that's all
that's going on today I'm just gonna eat
some lunch and get cleaning alright I
hope you guys are having a good day bye
hey guys so I was just back
and I had a whoa and I had to move the
rocking chair Tina like vacuum and I
stubbed my toe so bad pretty positive my
nail is gonna come off it is hurting
take a wiggly tooth right now my toenail
I'll show you it's really not too bloody
I just put some hydrogen peroxide on it
and not her real bad don't stub your
toes it's not fun and I really wanted to
paint my toenails blue or something now
I'm not gonna have a toenail to paint
for when the baby comes
oh well all right
I'm gonna get myself cleaned up before
Sam gets home I'm really waiting showing
you guys love using hydrogen peroxide
and seeing all the bubbles yeah at least
that means it's doing its job right
unless some of you in the comments are
like we have this countertop trying to
fix my toe oh the joys of pregnancy look
at you handling that meat just dump it
from the bag into the pot so I don't
touch it
mm-hmm your one arm looks a lot whiter
than the other arm is the light there's
been lots of meat on this camera don't
work video today because they showed on
my toe your toes me no but it's like
bloody you I told him to look away
before I showed it well you know that
won't work I know surprise my toenails
off turn back it's been forever since
you Bing
you just built on the floor I was just
backing that floor he's in a very
sing-songy mood everybody I was hoping
to catch it without him looking but he
caught me
those are good tacos you really has been
like singing and dancing I mean some
days you feel like some days you want to
quit and intact a little bit mm yep
you're guilty buzzer songs is it where'd
you go
or is it look at this photo gosh not fun
Sam I do it makes me live so red and
what the heck is on Jenna's head over
the house Bon Appetit a bun pimple booth
gambler to gambler to Kim
whoa yeah shake it what the mama gave ya
how's that taco all your needs out of
your touch is my rival and FIFA and
everything Xbox hey that's a couple know
considering her favorite part is the
saxophone and there isn't a sex pun in
this for the rich yo wassup it's Friday
I won't sing that song you think I'm
gonna sing I'm gonna sing this new one
that I made up Jenna it's so great J
it's so great
happy Friday it's Friday yay
this Friday came very quickly which is
awesome and a little scary because I'm
worried that next Friday's gonna come
even quicker and that makes me worried
the baby's gonna come quick I've got to
where else to have to go one eternity
later somewhere else and then I think
I'm gonna do laundry and then Sam will
be home oh I look very yellow Wow
now looks super white I'm looking super
yellow in soup I hope you guys are
having a good day I know a lot of you
guys are graduating and things like that
so if you're graduating this weekend
congratulations
and if you've graduated a lot of you
graduated this month so congratulations
all you guys have graduated that's so
exciting and I hope all of you guys are
just having a great Friday and a great
weekend now you have lots of fun stuff
planned since summer has begun now that
you most of you guys are done with
school some of you're still in school
I'm really sorry that kind of stinks but
you can do it you're almost there don't
you guys hate when you buy something and
you're looking at the prices like that
on the little plastic things you're like
sweet that's a good price and then you
get up to the cash register and you see
the tag on the actual wallet and it's
the more expensive one it's so
frustrating why do they put those in the
cheap place when they're not cheap I
mean technically it's my fault for not
reading the actual tag on the actual
wallet but it was it buy all the other
ones that's attendant like $9.99 or
whatever all the cheaper ones but it
wasn't it's just annoying when you get
to cash register and then you're like oh
shoot it's like 4 bucks more than you
want to just I was just drooling in
there everything was so cute he's not
like we don't know anything cuz most of
you amazing people got us so much stuff
and we're so so grateful look how cute
there's little dinosaurs on it you can't
really see the true color it's more like
there's more like a turquoise blue not
like the blue that's showing which is
funny I just had to get it and the
Epicurus wants to choose from and I just
couldn't decide but I decided on this
one
the little dinosaurs yeah
that was my fun purchase for the day
some cuter stupid bit okay can't you
just imagine a little baby wrapped in
these little I just had to show you
because it's so cute just look at the
dinosaur is one more time he's gonna be
adorable in this little thing I really
hope that if I ever do get one of these
when I look in it that will mention just
like that super chill mode relax
they did it really wants you to coming
home outfit she's got a really cute one
picked out but we're not sure if we're
gonna get it now or another day look at
that hair
he's coming babies this is about to
happen guys it's gonna happen any week
it's gonna happen any day
super mature he's such a mature father
what is it is that is that from Breaking
Bad this is the chicken chapter
that's hilarious goodness why is it not
super soft
oh you're right super soft I don't get
it funny doesn't this hurt meeting of
Saved by the Bell Tolls little
squigglies
oh yeah dresses right Oh bad news dude
for 4:47 you can get a party string
blast really that thing is tight bang
bang I want to make it rain with fake
money FB - FB - I'm feeling funny inside
Searchers 20k party 20k let's do it girl
has a gold Elvis I'll take the gold
Elvis did someone go get the gold Elvis
in the back gold all this he's having a
rocking party what's up YouTube BAM at
the same time as me what's up YouTube
BAM I'm sorry guys 20k videos not being
posted on Saturday it's being posted on
Sunday
generally hasn't been feeling too hot
well it's not my best and I want to be
my best in the video so we have all your
submissions we just haven't recorded our
part which we obviously prepared for
right then last night was like I don't
feel good and today Jen's not feeling
too hot either so but I will be I have
my game face on for the video so it's
gonna be posted on Sunday now I promised
it would be up this weekend I know I
said hasn't posted on Saturday but I
promised this weekend so it's still
gonna be up on the weekend guys don't
hate appreciate his girl she's number
one in my life I gotta make sure she's
feeling well yeah and I just want to
make sure my dance moves are on par sure
I really do feel kind of bad that's
gonna be good tomorrow something else to
look forward to
yeah don't feel bad man they all
understand every time when we talk about
like this they always comment saying we
understand guys if you're not sitting
right now sit down let's have a heart to
heart right now we really appreciate you
guys and your love and support and we're
so grateful mm-hmm our YouTube family is
showing a lot of signs of the baby
coming like she's crazy but at the same
time it could be a couple weeks which is
what we're expecting June 25th
that's his due date but I mean that's 25
days away but at the same time like I
just have a feeling a motherly instinct
that he is not gonna come on his due
date and your body is kind of and my
body is showing signs and telling me
that he's coming early but this is the
first time think breasts a bunch of your
moms are like oh you know I was in labor
for four days
Frankie so I mean I'm not expecting you
know I'm not like assuming he's coming
early I'm just getting prepared just in
case either be prepared
Scout's motto so I mean I'm fine you
know he'll come when he's ready but I
think he wants to come and party with
everyone early he wants to come meet the
YouTube fam this is my favorite outfit
we got for him one random girl outfit no
that was one my sister for Christmas she
didn't know what we were having so she
got one girl and one boy outfit so I'm
just gonna keep it
Oh we'll see you tomorrow and one of our
dancing shoes on you ready party
tomorrow
