don't know I don't I don't I don't when
anybody else for you Cooley
Maji cut me into two uh-huh
so let me explain what's going on here
it's Friday night we're both craving
different things what do most couples do
probably the same place you know one
person has to settle for the other well
both of us have to be prideful to do
that and I'm just kidding actually we
were totally settled I was like I gotta
get my pregnant wife chick-fil-a so I'm
heading to chick-fil-a oh no I mean I
can have chick-fil-a I could still get
chick-fil-a but you know it's Friday
night so let's live it up live it up
with some Chipotle and chick-fil-a dude
what's next apparently this chick-fil-a
is pretty popular hmm
it's not so good
chicken legs
I think is a tweet what are you guys
tweet it saying that you went to
chick-fil-a crazy love it love that
chick-fil-a come give me that
chick-fil-a baby
Papa tastes just as good this is about
to taste everybody's happy
it's like literally has been through
face it was really sunny and Alston it
started to rain they're like what yeah
it's like super sunny but just like
poured for half a second it's like we're
on a movie set and they just like hey
let's turn on the rain sprinklers or
something our food stay playing away so
now we're fishing our food a car they
like welcome away today
Oh wat cam that's good but you did her
no no eat it so we just want the
searchers to buy stuff for the 20k dance
party because we still have to do our
dancing yeah Jenna cuz not feeling too
good today she feels like you know she's
kind of getting closer to having a baby
you know it's just it's not as crappy
just feeling crappy so I was thinking
let's go get what every Jenica wants in
life everybody's called again Tigers
blood snow cones shaved ice Oh a little
Friday night date we're actually
uploading this today in about an hour
this is today's vlog on Friday the
reason for that is because I don't want
to keep you guys up all night waiting
plus we want to enjoy our Friday night
so this is what you're gonna get we're
kind of worried though is it open is it
open is it open
is it open better be oh yeah my tow
footage you can put that in later let's
go let's see throw them are they open
what flavouring any beating Kitty small
medium large
have Tigers with half a while but I
don't know she got the Bob in there
you always possibly put okay I hope it's
the beanie want to see what we got for
the video that we're gonna shoot yeah
okay mister you guys saw that guys this
is what we call it get a one take it was
film today we're posting it right now
it's not a one take but it kind of is
but it's really not at all that's why it
together what take so tomorrow we
decided to do get a one take because we
want to film the 20,000 subscriber video
yeah and we kind of just wanted to chill
tonight so kind of tired and you turn
this
like why the hair of water a new place
to the blog but here's the dealio we
didn't post footage that we shot today
we didn't post footage that we shot
yesterday so that's mean about tomorrow
as well it's a dance video and hopefully
on Sunday the X is just a teensy bit
shorter but that's okay yep so you guys
ready to party partying and I like your
stuff we bought for this time this video
Jen there's all this stuff I wanted to
get because I was like do it Jen and she
was like I let you get something really
crazy though and I am NOT gonna be happy
that we got it all right yeah I guess
it's any justice any guesses we'll see
you tomorrow bye guys
