is this the game footage hi Sam can't
wait to play basketball with you soon it
should be a really great time with the
lads really hope we'll have a good time
you're gonna have some have a lot of
camaraderie while we play our basketball
game battery shall make any friends on
the court
I don't know I don't know I don't know
when anybody else but you holy
Maji cut me into two
goodbye Jerry day at home don't strain
yourself with the crib
I won't absolutely no foe we all do it
cuz I don't know if he'll bring it to
the bed yeah but don't you're not
lifting a if anything's heavy don't do
it
this girl trying to build everything we
just try to get a dish installed and
that's what we had we had DirecTV and
it's not happening
so it's getting bad I guess because we
get out of our year left in our contract
but I just got special they're gonna
give me a bump jam now you get none okay
I gotta go to work love you this is the
first time Sam's driving himself to work
by six and a half hours late good
morning family or good afternoon
sanika this is me when I wake up and
yeah it is literally um twelve something
in the afternoon and I'm still not ready
for the day we had to wake up early and
get the dish guy to come over but we
can't have dish because they have a
balcony facing the wrong direction
anyways Sam just we had to say I'm drive
himself to work today because I knew I
wasn't gonna do anything I'm just
waiting for that crib to come so I can
put that together today so I'm back to
sleep and ended up sleeping
unintentionally for a long time slash
kind of intentionally because I didn't
set an alarm so yep now it's the
afternoon and I should probably get
ready for the day but I just feel so
lazy today that I don't want to anything
I'm definitely gonna fill that bookshelf
today hopefully that crib comes when I
get that built today or at least partway
bill next item of business is that
washer and dryer cuz I've got a lot of
stuff to wash especially a lot of baby
stuff anyways I hope you guys are having
a great day and feeling nice and
fresh-faced like me or our sleepy face
maybe no this makes no sense
okay I'm still a little groggy and I'll
talk to you guys later have a good day a
few inches later yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah okay the crip is here
whoa
I have something to build it's not 3:30
in the afternoon and Sam gets doesn't
work at 5:00 so let's see if I can get
this built before he gets home there's
really not that many pieces and there's
no like screwing really it's just like
an allen wrench stuff so it should be
pretty easy and it feels I just
carefully slowly pushed it into the room
I'd like to stop myself all the time
from like doing too much I really did
just inch it scooch it didn't eat into
the room I just pushed it Jen the
Builder has done it again
boys and girls she has done it again
that girl's Got Talent so much game look
at this for so much I thought it was
gonna be a little taller but I like
getting a lot I'm really excited I was
able to do it before you got home again
it's here sturdy don't worry I'm not
gonna move it I'm gonna have Sam move it
anyway let's go pick up Sam we had Sam
drive himself to work today because I
knew I wasn't gonna be doing anything
all right
bye guys Jen the Builder has done it
again I'm such a bozo
I literally just like walked out the
house got my purse got everything keys
and realized that Sam drove himself to
work today so I don't have to figure MUP
trying to see brain striked again Jen
the Builder has done it again
I was like wait where did back again and
then I realized that Sam has the car so
I guess we'll just surprise someone and
get tough but come what come come look
what I did you said up the code maybe
well I just wanted to get everything
done well that's why didn't move it yeah
that was actually my fault
just that little one huh it was actually
a lot easier than the dressers oh I just
dragged it into here like pushed it
we got a crib just fix the washer and
dryer - no I wanted to I was gonna
attempt but it nowhere the screwdriver
hello friends
I've realized we say hey guys too much
when I edit and I usually cut those out
Jenica is someone flipped something in
the mail today who did it's from the
Ludlow game well vote Ashley
yeah piano alleppey Anna you really see
it I open it already okay okay it's
really cool amazing yes really that's
like really good quality really well
done oh my gosh and that would be big
enough for him in the winter oh my gosh
that is so try it on I'm just thinking
I'm gay no don't stretch it I love a no
I don't know that song you look like
Pikachu imagery that's really good Oh
cute there's a little bow in there too
thank you so much it's so cute my
awesome handyman trying to get this
figured out I don't know if I got the
right cord though we'll see
10 goes ham on food all day aired they
ballin someone say you go ham on the
food all day aired a ball in you eatin
right now girl and I just finished off
these fishies and I had strawberries and
I want an orange and I think he's
growing and I just ate a whole bag of
Doritos
hey yeah stay hydrated girl I'm staying
hydrated I just want to eat and eat meat
but because now all he's doing is
getting weight which is good but all I
want to do is eat gives me food you're
pretty pretty funny buggy coconuts are
very slimming hey guys hey guys hey I
mean was it going Sam Myka what's up
YouTube fam the end of a day another day
gone how did you spend your day it's
crazy I get sad when I think about
sleeping for a third of my life that's
why I stay up late we love sleep but we
don't like going to sleep I've been
waking a friend yeah how many times have
you will come yep
zero I go on one hand what maybe one
finger right my hand all right guys I'm
gonna promise you three things number
one I will be che in Austin in
basketball one of these days I didn't
say I'm gonna lose I mean maybe I will
lose - all right man camaraderie Bubba
just kidding I'm really not that mean
when I play people number 220 K dance
video will be up this Saturday that mean
it could be up at midnight though I mean
you don't know but I promise this
Saturday Saturday
number three I will agree to or come up
with a baby name within the next 30 days
yes 30 days I promise you canvas you
said this weekend so let's do it
everybody
