fun fact today is the same day as every
other day I just put a different shirt
on hi Jenica kept dirty on fun fact that
wasn't true fun fact genic is driving me
to work people are like why is she
driving does she try to get me to work
but she is she now ought to drive and
she's not driving me to work
I'm tired
Jensen yo see the baby today well kind
of I mean you're the heartbeat think so
like goes well see you guys later don't
know I don't know I don't I don't when
anybody else for you
Cooley
Maji cut me into two hey guys happy
Tuesday
it is afternoon and I'm just getting
ready for the day girls don't you hate
when you do your makeup and then you
drop like you're doing mascara and you
drop your wand it's so annoying this was
literally the only sure I could find
today and then I did this dang mascara
and literally dropped my whole hand and
I rubbed it down my entire shirt so now
I'm to go try to find another shirt to
wear which is coming very difficult
these days on the plus side of things I
have my thirty-six week women today so
it's the first women that are gonna
check to see if I'm a feast or dilated
or whatever they do I don't really know
what they do really I'll let you know
how it goes hopefully you know I don't
know if anything's progressed or
whatever I mean we'll find out I don't
know to expect really rules one hour
later hey guys I'm off to the doctor so
let's go see how things are going I'm
really excited and I wish them to be
there with me because it's gonna be a
little weird but I'm excited it should
be fun okay let's go bite next time you
see me it'll be after the doctor's
appointment right now 2,000 years late
so I just got out of the doctor's
appointment today everything went like
way Quay quick was awesome I got there
little it's a little late and just had
to like wait like literally not even
five minutes for them to call me back
and didn't even wait five minutes for
the doctor to come and check everything
out but everything looks good it's
heartbeat is strong and he's moving a
lot and he was like moving while she
wasn't doing that beat which was kind of
funny and blood pressure everything
looks good she said I need to drink more
water I'm a little dehydrated
which is normal it's like getting really
hot so I kind of figured that I had been
drink enough water I've been drinking to
introduce so I need to be drinking more
water other than that things are good
I'm actually ninety percent effaced and
dilated to a1 things are moving along
she says I'm I'm more effaced than than
most women at this point but dilation is
normal and everything though I still
have time basically like everything's
fine I'm just sitting out what she said
would be great for later on so
everything's good and she said he'll pop
most babies come the week of their due
date for the first one so we'll see if
that happens or if he does come a little
early like I think he is but I don't
know it could just be me being anxious
so I feel like this week we've got to
get a lot done that car seat in the car
and his broom done but it's exciting so
I'm really excited today was great I
didn't get lost getting here which was
nice and things are just moving along
nicely so she said I need to drink more
water I'm a little dehydrated
I'm excited we'll see how things go
within the next couple weeks she said
y'all be feeling more Braxton Hicks
which is normal and everything is almost
she gave me pamphlets for things to look
out for if I am in labor if I think I'm
in labor or whatever so and I'm really
excited to meet this little guy I just
hope we have a name picked out by the
time he gets here and I am now going to
run errands I've got to go get a new
plug for the dryer and groceries and
stuff so much data that the old narrator
got tired of waiting and they had to
hire a new one so I was able to find a
dryer cord so I'm gonna have Sam try to
reinstall that tonight and hopefully
that works and then I'll have the
apartment people come and make sure
everything's set up right so we'll see
if that happens tomorrow and then I went
and got all groceries for the week and
some meals and planned and whatever you
guys it's so hot outside I'm like
melting and our air conditionings on
right now and I'm still a lot baby drink
more water it's probably just me and my
hormones but I'm really hot right now
and I think our crib came today they
dropped it off at the office cuz I
wasn't home yet so I'm gonna go there
really quick before I pick up Sam to see
if it's there bummer so it wasn't my
crib
it was a package for someone else that
they accidentally delivered to our house
so for that person gets their package
hopefully hopefully my fingers my
fingers get crossed hopefully the groom
comes this week yeah so no crib that's
okay this week sometime alright next
clip we'll both be Sam alright good okay
yep hi guys whenever I go grocery
shopping I end up coming home and going
ham on all the groceries I just bought
but I almost just accidentally
purposefully might've eaten the whole
bag of Wheat Thins but those boxes are
just so small and I'm just so pregnant
yeah I almost did that and then I
stopped myself but now I'm eating a
pop-tart oops
oh I'm pregnant my excuse see you guys
later do you guys do that do you guys go
ham on the groceries your parents buy
you or you buy or whatever like the day
of and then you're like crap now have no
groceries the rest of the week happens
all the time you're not alone or maybe
I'm alone
yeah so just gonna go get a couple
brewskis and throw a couple back Jen
what kind of beer you drink intonation
I'm just kidding I don't drink oh it's
up we're just talking about Virginia
Shirley temple's and how much we use to
get the word to describe yourself how
you're feeling today
extend your word count leaving this
right here is America leave that burger
yeah soon as I bite into that just gonna
use news out all yep and then we just
sat around and chatted talked about
babies life
trips work all the above we talked about
the greatest moments that we spent
together talked about Ephesian dilation
birth I don't know just like a lot of
stuff it was really good time guys in
Redemption right now
you into this Red Robin oh gosh it was
such a door totally filling the more
they know get the pig afford the Care
Bear no basis the Pegasus
some people believe this can't be done
like Stef come on babe
and I don't know about that bad one no
okay this guy to the head yeah oh crap
this is a bad cream I'm not gonna get
any I'm gonna go from Pegasus again it's
my only shot oh man and the cream not
even the right way babe well I don't
really want to talk about that because
what I've come to realize is that it
depends on how the crane is said what is
available in the cream that crane had
nothing to give me nothing they just set
it up for me to fail and so I you know
that was Newtown I'm gonna find the
crane that was made for me this is kind
of nice this my student for Memorial Day
they set up all these flowers I don't I
actually don't know what building that
is there's a big burger but that had to
be from a moral day it's crazy like the
way you look at mountains everything
just different angles they look
differently like we see those mountains
all the time but look at him now and
well because these mountains down here
are a lot bigger than ones in Logan and
they're a lot more green
my camera just doesn't do it justice
things are so big right here they are
really big mouths
thank you do you guys say mountains or
mountains with the teen mountains or
mountains mountains and a mountain is a
mountain
I think mountains is a mountain I don't
use the team
hey famous how do you like 20 times I
see a fan with the baby due in a week
is he a fan guys it's into the world as
we know it the power's out for the
second time ever and this is it so we'll
see you guys the power went out again
this is how I feel about it
geez scared me
yeah and we had like friends from Logan
like some of our really good friends
come and like one like hang out for a
bit see our place no power great time
showing off the new place in the dark
real good times
yeah probably no we live in the ghetto
you guys Suzie this is like the second
time in this in one month and I'm so
annoyed don't you think we should get
like a something for a rent like a
discount or something or something like
I just went grocery shopping it's not
like the city it's honestly just the
apartment complex yeah and half only
half of it complex has power so
something's going on someone's not
paying their bill really frustrating
like I just went grocery shopping today
if that food goes bad oh I swear I might
hurt someone we played pig in the dark
what's gonna do really that's fun we had
gone outside to say goodbye to our
friends and like left the door locks
like oh we'll just be out with like one
minute end up staying out for a couple
months so I was like when we came back I
was like freaked out and made Sam like
check the closets is everything cuz you
just never know
why does it keep going in do someone
okay maybe I should go find Sam because
I don't like being here by myself at all
I also was just about to walk away to go
do it guys so many bussing so many good
friends online in person at Red Robin
don't matter
I just I'm happy are you happy I'm happy
no stress but you're happy yeah you're a
little tired but you're happy I'm a
little tired but I'm happy look at you
guys happy he's ready for bed are you
guys happy I'm happy I gotta put this
kid to bed look at his face until
tomorrow good night love you
