power guys we take it for granted it's
been out here past couple hours so this
vlog is super late super early whenever
you're watching it and we're sorry about
that but can't help it sometimes it's
just it was a busy day and then we can
control the power the reality of life
and I was captured here today but you'll
see it tomorrow hey guys we're just
about happy Memorial Day actually for
those of you
don't know I don't know I don't I don't
when anybody else for you
holy magic
cut me into two anyways I haven't heard
that song around okay I'm all over the
place not like to have lunch with three
people
can you guess who they are well now you
guys already know who they are but we're
going to meet with Ellie and Jared in
Jackson
yeah that too and if you haven't seen
the Shaytards podcast you probably
should anyways we'll talk to you guys in
a few doodles
when this song first came out Sam was
obsessed with it oh my goodness oh my
gosh that part is
the shale gas i want to go to is on the
construction it's fiction is broken so I
can't get gas there - maverick happy
Monday everyone it's a good thing
because we have it off we're going to a
place called the PI and a lot of my
friends have from Utah lived in Utah
like that is my favorite pizza well
we're gonna go try it out my tums on
Adam pally Erik turn for turn Thor
I'm coming for my dry skin
we're back at lush Sam actually has
pretty good in Germany but his try but
she feels dry such terrible skin I guess
so dry so what is that hello grace
this stuff is for massages this guy just
gave gentle massage was not stepping on
this
I'm so proud of general because she
actually bought something she bought
fighting animal testing it's a potion
for fighting animal testing by the way
who's this do you know them
do you know something weird this is
Jared this is Ellie jared is the same
age as me Ellie is the same age as
Jenica they've walked too if you didn't
know that here let me try and make them
look even shorter and they have a baby
but he's asleep well Jackson so if you
guys like our videos at all you need to
check out their channel right now yeah
and I guarantee if you watch one of
their videos coming up we might even be
in it too so you never know okay so what
did you really get I got a face
moisturizer bar it's it for my dry skin
and what do you do with it you just rub
it in your hands then Pat it on your
face at night it's like melts in your
hands uh-huh because my face is really
dry I think your face is perfect
obviously but it's just one of our
people subscribe to our channel so they
work at lush so I was thinking of you
the whole time we were there
so that guy he was like rubbing your
arms I didn't go man I should have but I
almost want to go back then he was like
looking into her soul like just straight
into herself I think you need these
things
you're right I do and it works because
genic about it if only you guys could
feel how soft I am you really are
Brit City Creek right now though and
we've probably been here like three
times four or five times before now and
now since moving here we've been here
like four to five times that's where
we've been everywhere more since living
closer to everything which they've
watched it's good in that we haven't
been buying things that's good
every time we come here we get the
chocolate crave what's this place called
Black's berry Ellie is officially EUI
and it is so good today we always are
blogging about food that's half of this
vlog right now
within this kid
does anyone know what building that is
if you answered temple you got that
correct that's the temple for the Church
of Jesus Christ latter-day thinks here
in Salt Lake City Utah and there's a
flag you know it's cool this guy right
here
aardvarks Fairbanks I'm related to him
he's one of my relatives and the scope
of these the scope of these statutes
real talk if you're ever in Utah yes I
hear you can come see the temple outside
you can go look at all the flowers and
everything it's beautiful there's people
here that will tell you what's up I
don't know it's just peaceful the walk
around here it's cool right now we're on
a mission to find pennies I don't carry
pennies on me but we want to throw some
pennies in town it's a good luck maybe
I'll just oh my gosh what a beautiful
shot
let's ask you for money and now you're
flipping coins into the water that's
embarrassing really good
I'll kiss the pan you're kissing
I stole the camera our cameras will just
upload our video on your channel and you
upload our video on your I don't know
then they don't come true cuz mine I
like my wish if you want to tell me you
can tell me your wish
there you go good job I'm really worried
about my wish you might not come down
but you'll just have some stumbling
blocks before you get the wish to come
true as oh my goodness have I said
enough
this place is beautiful look at this
beautiful fountain beautiful flowers
good family statues and the temple of
course is awesome great way to spend
your Memorial Day I'm currently standing
on the place where people dip their new
Brides for pictures I've never done this
before so I think I better dip dip God
did that baby I'm not used to tall
people
Wow it's so beautiful
oh my goodness it's so beautiful
what's so green so anyway it's like I
said some nice things about them earlier
I just wanna take that back because
they're actually kind of weird I don't
know they just they're not really what
they're really like on YouTube and
just forget everything I said about the
summer what's ready to go over and play
it's gonna be so great I'm vlogging them
vlogging okay whatever she's saying
right now you guys have fun right we
have lots of fun right
he's pretty good you said that I could
come and swim in your house I said that
and she meant it and I didn't mean it
okay she can come anytime
are you lying right now Jennifer like
how could this little face and body and
cradle him hung out for six hours and we
required like three minutes
guys you did it what a pounce of love I
just scroll through the comments and
it's all like family loves you we love
you guys sanic a family this honestly
can't believe it I think the funnest
part is finding people that have in
comments on under videos but they're
coming you guys are commenting on her
video and I'm like wait I've never seen
you before I don't recognize your name I
don't recognize your picture it's
awesome look at all these I honestly
look at this
you just got posed sanika love I was at
work just thumbing these all up
it's like thumbs up thumbs up Livia's
love you love you love you - love you -
love you too baby - this wasn't even
about like me Jen but it made me so
happy to see how awesome and great you
guys are where your hearts are that you
guys went out and made her feel good how
good did you make her feel let me show
you
Jasmine sent me an e-mail today and she
said just wanted to say a huge thing to
you you and your fans are amazing I have
so many incredible comments in my video
and everyone is so warm and friendly I
am so happy thank you
Jasmine X PS I love these videos you
guys are really cool did I mention that
she's only 13 years old and dang good at
singing
you know people probably think Jasmine
no she's good at singing she hears that
all the time but it never gets old to
get compliments from people to get
uplifted like that and you guys did it I
pounce of love man I was so happy
reading all this stuff and it just keeps
coming in and blown away by you guys and
I just want to say thank you for like
trusting me going and checking out her
video and posting you guys didn't have
to do that and you did it and we
honestly just about doubled the comments
let's see it was at around 400 comments
yesterday and outs at 758 they like 340
of those are you guys the fam'ly cut the
YouTube fam best family in the world or
starting to be like what's Amica what's
Famicon and i commented on when I was
like yeah what's going on here who are
these people so thank you guys it means
a lot to me and I know it means even
more to Jasmine and she did something
nice for us she didn't need to let us
use her cover anything like that and she
did so thanks guys
anyways we hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog we had so much fun with Ellie and
Jared they are awesome so go check them
out they're really similar to us so it's
fun geez
it was a great time we really had a
great time it was a good time we talked
forever forever forever I'm gonna do it
all again another time
and she's you will come swimming Ellie
don't worry
great people good times
better pizza Papa John's anyways we hope
you guys had a fun day sorry for the
late upload that's okay you guys
understand I don't care if you don't
understand oh yeah and we hit 20,000
subscribers
yeah
well we want to talk about it a lot in
the 20k digital video right but hi all
you new people we really appreciate it
awkward hey if you knew today we're
having a boy not a girl
Jenica right Sam okay Seneca no I'm just
kidding welcome to the family huh we'll
see you guys later
hi
