so everything's been moving pretty
smoothly except for getting wrong IKEA
pieces and things like that one thing
that's not gone too smoothly is this as
you can see right here that is our power
cord for the washer dryer but plugging
in only those three spots so all you
technical people out there that know
things about power and electricity what
should we do we get an adapter tomorrow
or we're going to get a new corridor
what haven't looked too much into this
yet but I'm thinking we'll be able to
handle it it's still a great deal
nice washer and dryer yeah just of
course I mean everything went smoothly
up until that though it literally like
there was no room in our car and it fit
perfectly the hatch even closed like
they do this ridiculously good fit don't
know I don't know I don't I don't when
anybody else for you
coolie
Maji cut me into two doesn't suit it
doesn't look the same to me though like
on camera a lot more majestic right now
versus ready here this perk you got
people jogging you have beautiful blue
tennis courts
you have beautiful pregnant women if
you're into that dang girl
I borrow that see my tennis moves let me
borrow that basketball so I can go play
with those guys over there
well apparently the Smith said the court
for the rest tonight so I guess gonna
play another night all the time slack
Sam just pulled up the camera and said
why don't you talk but talk about today
no no no how the day way what'd you do
today
barely recorded today we just been kind
of doing stuff doing stuff what's this
have we've been doing we've been
chilling I took a nap Sam edited the
vlog we made a new Wensley in church I
was looking for intro music for like two
hours two hours I'm trying to follow all
the rules yeah yeah we're trying to
follow all the rules what's gonna take a
nap but I'm not taking that because I
was like if I took a nap now that I'm
not gonna sleep tonight and I never
sleep anyways though yeah he's just
quite the night owl they're just like
the party can't help it
so now we walk this park oh well you
can't really see it snow dip right here
yeah Snow Hill right here yeah I guess
an elementary school or something a
school used to be on this property and
then the I don't know what happened to
now parks here they build the park and
yeah electronic part of the park there's
a water pad part of the park there's
good little girls in bikinis running
down this hill and there's just awesome
jungle gym and people playing basketball
yeah lots of people playing basketball
so I'm like Sam fun pickup games just
come down here and see it's playing I
need a new group to play with and I keep
forgetting to ask everything sure yeah
there's got to be a group at church that
plays but anyways the little man found
my sand can nerve and sometimes I just
Yelp Yelp out in pain and seems like
what and I say out he shocked me so a
little man has been pushing on my
sciatica Sam thought I said what the
first time she said that I was like did
you just say my psychic ax
but no my sciatica nerve it like just
shoots pain down my entire butt cheek
and leg and it hurts really bad that's
the newest thing going on with water pad
that doesn't have water going but
usually does yeah this water pattern
like cool living here in little man's
older he's gonna love this place oh yeah
seriously this water cut I mean there's
not much to it but like still awesome
it's so sweet
you don't know no and that's amazing
general Joe this is splash pad it's
black pad we'll sneakily try to film but
it's kind of creepy to film children a
toaster
so we'll sneakily trying to film the
park might be a little creepy there's a
lot of kids here and we don't want to
look so weird yeah just a pretty cool
part that coolest part of the park this
is spinning ready event the third
formate event wheel this is actually
part of the park
this girl's flying broom has a question
yeah so you see these little murals
right here is that a goat or a dog
that's right terrier is that it's got
like wolf fur you right there well those
are like sheep down there oh you guys
think goat or a dog guys we're super
stoked I emailed Jasmine Thompson's like
manager someone connected with it and I
said hey we really like the cover of
your version of magic can we use in our
intro because we really like that song
and they responded back today I emailed
him yesterday and said yeah you guys can
use it so what I want you guys to do is
go check out her video of the cover
because it's awesome it's beautiful I'm
gonna put a link in the description
every single day but it's magic
hopefully covered by Jasmine Thompson
her youtube name is tantrum Jeff's you
gotta go check it out guys it's so good
meantime I have Super Mom right here
making up a meal of hash browns eggs no
I mean I just boiled it in the microwave
and some toast that looks good yeah and
she's exhausted she's so mean she's like
so - but not like really it was so funny
Ellie and Jared today they're awesome
but this is actually happening tomorrow
because it's going today's vlog Oh
I mean yesterday we hung out with Elliot
Jared it was so fun Billy tomorrow
tomorrow right
Oh hard working you know with Ellie and
Jerry and it's it was so fun yeah this
is gonna be they don't gonna be fun when
we go hang out with this is going in the
blog that we're posting today we're just
like wrapping things up we definitely
feel much less real fun that I'm just
pooped from a puddle of poop for real
I'm ready to go I'm one of Jackson's
diaper poop happy Memorial Day guys
all day and bank holiday for all you
guys that are celebrating that what is
bank holiday I don't even get that how
did you know the perfect combination is
it open yeah yeah guys if you didn't
know now you know yeah those are drugs
and well things have been taking like
more of homeopathic type cradles that my
hair won't fall out later because my
hair fell out a lot in the beginning in
pregnancy but I wasn't on this type of
I'm like regular like store-bought
broken nails so even my fingers crossed
anyways that doesn't it's not done
let us pray oh yeah guys back to Jasmine
though I was just thinking look at
there's 400 comments in that video what
if we had everyone in the family cut go
over to that video and be like yo
Jasmine you're super talented we love
your music and we love your cover thank
you thank you from the fam ago yeah
let's go attack will not attack what's a
better way spinning that let's go
bounce okay let's go pouncer with a love
guys from the youtube fam for family I'd
be like Sam McHale
loves you guys family loves you guys we
love your cupboard and welcome to the
family something like that I don't know
get creative let's do it let's get 400
comments we could totally take over that
video and she's really good what she's
really good talented
there are over 400 people that are gonna
watch this video we could double triple
quadruple the comments there and then
she'll be like Sammy Cooper Mallika
what's up
I'm gonna make more music for the intros
cuz they're awesome
I don't know let's do it guys seriously
it'd be fun I'll be there with you guys
though guys
there's a lot of things to look forward
to I think we're like nine seven five I
don't know subscribers away from 20 send
subscribers yes 3,000 subscriber
thousand which means we have that video
coming we have a mail vlog coming we
have to do the house tour still we have
to do regular daily but my emule face is
we have a lot to do and there's a lot to
celebrate cuz we like to celebrate goods
come on exactly we have a lot to look
forward to plus a baby mm-hmm
did you know that today / yesterday one
month exactly until yeah he's supposed
to be here but Jen says sooner than or
sooner than later I don't know
tomorrow's my first doctor's went were
there check dilation and then I have an
appointment every week after that so you
know push this little guy out so we'll
see you tomorrow i'm excited to update
you guys on that i wonder if i'm guy am
i dilated guys am i how much we should
take like who have you know guests
weigh-in stuff oh yeah that would be fun
like that is high in rank on the
composition the person closest is gonna
get the next crane game thing well the
first person that would submit if again
okay we're gonna do that - look at that
guys there's so much to look forward to
and it's happening this week and next
week and then the following week and
it's gonna be great oh man then they'll
be a baby here yeah do you guys have any
questions for us I have a question for
you guys what I don't think but you have
any questions maybe we'll answer it
today I don't know anyways we love you
family YouTube fam what else we called
you guys guys go bras Jasmine with
niceness pouncer she's really good guys
you're like rude
in the comments I'll see you there she's
from somewhere else she has an accent
when she sings a little bit which I love
even more because I'm loved
I love other people's yep oh yeah by the
way I'm gonna create another intro so
it's coming too there's a lot to do
right so I'll meet you guys in the
comments on her page and we'll just have
a bouncing party of love all right guys
