take two take two did we do it
take two take two let me let me try this
again let me tweet up sure gosh I don't
know what happened guys
take take two
okay it's frozen again tell me if it
freezes again I don't know what happened
okay so this is let's see what time is
it 7:30 7:30 right now this is actually
when the kids are they crazy yes but I
wanted to do something today I wanted to
pose something and we were all all day
and I'm leaving tomorrow morning and
we'll have a vlog tomorrow but like we
did a livestream last week I thought
let's do one again so let's do something
fun from my phone this time my new
haircut I honestly like my haircuts
really not that different to be honest
is it still frozen someone said it's
frozen the only difference is it's like
higher it's cut up higher this way and
it's shorter I'll probably be like a
harder part next time but it's honestly
not that different
oh it's frozen some people saying it's
frozen try refreshing tell them type to
them say refresh try refreshing
hopefully it doesn't freeze this time I
don't know what happened let me flip the
camera around Oh banana
we're just trying to keep the kids happy
right now so no can you share that
banana with Penelope here we are where
are we we're girly and PJ's room hi we
are gonna decorate a few things I still
need to get more things like I'm gonna
get like a little like delicate streamer
thing here a little things thank you so
what we have so far pretty bare room
there's the crib Jen hung these up while
I was out getting my hair cut
yeah and she feels like I don't think
it's that bad though
look it's not like this part of the
window is like showing oh yeah yeah so
Jen for the first time just busted out
the drill and just starting on crazy
productive sometimes productive is up
but the best thing when you don't know
what you're doing yeah so no mistake
it's okay this was the only color I did
not want this coloring for her but
that's the only one they had that was
blackout it's still night how was the
back we could check that name is
unfairly I didn't even know you someone
said raise the curtain rod it makes the
room look bigger that's right actually
pretty big though what's update on that
I text you again today I've wanted to
text you again when are you heading out
tomorrow water color let's just raise
them yeah
yeah well reason it's okay
solid pink yo day hon I land at like
1:00 something so cool my good friend
Jenny mas actually made this for
Penelope when she was born she acts as a
shop sensible type on Instagram she's
actually fraught she lived they live in
Houston and they evacuated through the
hurricane
yeah so and if I had I'm using my phone
to record this otherwise I wish I could
film my phone I had tweeted out that I
had friends that lived in Houston
actually what's up JP and Tony would
they hate you I love you you probably
don't even watch our videos is probably
what popped up on your YouTube page be
nice to people
don't hate anyways two friends lived in
Houston they actually went back to their
houses they both evacuated and there was
no damage to either of them which is
absolutely like yeah it's incredibly
that happened
yeah but she's actually an amazing
artist and yeah this is her card
Instagram and a website and she's
actually doing like Houston prints she's
doing a lot of contacts with like flower
Texas prints and all the proceeds are
going to like Houston funds so that's
really cool if you're interested anyway
she let me get the card she did this
really pretty good healthy so as you
guys can see you guys remember and she
sent that to us yeah I was like a year
ago we have to get that like framed this
is her card if you go to the sensible
type on Instagram she's doing Houston
prints like Texas prints and other
things and all of it is being donated so
uh her stuffs awesome
to begin with and if you guys want to go
support her and especially any kind of
hurricane relief I think that's pretty
amazing
that was cute yeah someone said where
are you guys rent a new room to paint
her crib a light pink we should still do
it
we could paint it did you Monica yes
yeah I really did I've seen it for you
someone said you should get an interior
designer we got that kind of money we
buy that someone said maybe put the
bunny under the llama and it's too big
either too big there's some other things
we can hang up
we're definitely this is this is so bear
over here maybe we should do some of
those I love those canvas prints from
Walgreens oh he did oh yeah so what if
we print it out some more we could put
burn and ice and stuff this one's gonna
have a pretty little use the Pinterest
or house app yeah cuz when you take a
picture and then you can see what things
look like right I don't know who this is
but Becky Owens on Instagram blown up I
actually grew up with her and she was
one of my young'uns leaders rambling she
is an amazing interior design career now
so I've been talking I was talking to
her a couple years or not like last year
or something else I came by my house
went to help me decorate she's like yeah
so nice
I'll be fine that would be awesome so
yeah if people are asking again what her
Instagram is the sensible type so the
sensible type is which is really close
to the walls look really big in a small
window yeah someone said they thing is
just the camera no it's actually like
window but I do because it keeps the
room darker so I don't mind it yeah um
we're only renting someone said we're
the kids the kids are right here this is
like the worst time at night we're about
to do a bath time and bedtime which
isn't bad but like that right up into
that is when they act the craziest so we
pulled out we pulled out our phones and
to know if he's watching Peppa Pig and I
was watching what's up girlie and then
Noah's watching like Disney blogs or
something so yeah that's her room I mean
I think I really like the photos we've
been doing yeah I wall collage yeah we
definitely like we've said we want to
make this more of a home more so than
other like the last house we lived in
she didn't want us to decorate pretty
much at all so I mean she she was okay
with decorations but she had to be there
with every nail every step of the way
and we just yeah and plus we didn't want
to have to get docked money for a
deposit so but this one we do want to do
more even
we're renting this house a lot of it
could just transfer over to the next one
okay how are you guys did you know we
have two Star Wars
prints that you have bought already like
that Darth Vader and stormtrooper head
yeah so we got Star Wars or sports
well I maybe we can ask him the way to
make windows look bigger is to raise the
bar near to the ceiling and get curtain
panels on each side of the window I know
what I meant to do it higher I always
shouldn't have even done it you should
have used command strips instead of
nails we actually started to do that and
some of them some of them I'm going to
step the wall anyways but yeah that's a
great idea
we also have another bed like these are
bunk beds so we've thought about
building the other bed because we do
have the mattress someone said the
curtain should be to the floor so we
don't know much about this I I
appreciate all input here's Noah's
closet it's ginormous
storage right now yeah so this is Noah's
room Star Wars stormtrooper wall decals
I'd be cool people just ask him kind of
like what he wants - yeah there's two
things I think Noah fears snakes and the
dark yeah don't blame him both of them
kind of stink so that's it uh I just
bought a bunch of air filters I want to
uh I need to change them for some reason
like I'm afraid it's gonna be one of
those houses that I open this up and
there's one over there and I think
there's one in our bedroom and there's
gonna be like mice no rats and scorpions
and cockroaches and they're all gonna
fall on us should we do it you open it
now I know you open it now though
yeah we got a mess right now day of
playing this is uh kind of like the kid
area yes we're gonna put the other
Disney picture there be fun to put the
stuff there we'd probably do someone
said are you guys allowed to paint
we actually are allowed to paint I think
the only area I'd really want would be
fun to paint the kids rooms kind of fun
you don't - at all
it's so much work and we're not here
like a long long term even maybe just
the wall up it these walls are kind of
like a cream and she yellow so yeah we
don't really like definitely not digging
the color of the walls like we went
someone said the playroom is crowded
well it is right now with all this stuff
out but be honest like this is that we
our house used to be it's like as much
space as we had all this stuff will get
put away and we've had that there it's
honestly pretty nice and someone said
like it's a good idea not to get the TV
yeah I think that's a good idea actually
because it's nice to come up here
without any electronics I say that as
PJs watching Peppa Pig right now but
it's good to be disconnected up here
like every night we come up here and
kind of unwind for an hour and play
after we're outside and it's good to not
have any of those yeah so this is like
this is just like the kid area it's
really nice not to have that downstairs
right now is a mess
this is a there's me still unpacking as
our room
there's nothing decorated yet we're like
no pictures of ourselves but I was
thinking like it'd be fun have like we
have a cactus canvas
and some Arizona themed stuff I agree
though I really don't like the colors of
the walls but we don't detain them we
can definitely do something if you guys
have any suggestions post it tweet me or
I don't know if I can see the comments
here once I finish this this video will
go up and people are watching this later
I just post them there and I'd say
decorating is definitely like one of our
greatest weaknesses mainly because in
the past we've always been just poor
yeah and it's not like we have a lot of
money now but we've just been you know a
little decoration here a little
decoration there it's just been low on
our priorities right things that we
wanted and so my kids never had like a
decorated nursery or I could decorated
anything we could still make them I
don't know my room was like when I was a
baby I know that's like such a thing now
that you decorate the nursery but I mean
I really care that it happened it's fun
big deal they just sleep in there
someone be like hang out in there all
the time
yeah it'll be fun to have a few things
on their walls now so we could yeah I
think it as they grow it or even just
right now it'd be really cool to have
stuff so we'll work on that we'll work
on that we'll get better
that's definitely something we need to
do better at and it'd be fun it'd be fun
let's see oh I had a question for you
guys I feel like I could probably figure
this out with Google but since we're
here doing a live stream right now I
came home to a package on our front
steps to the people that used to live
here it was addressed to them it was
delivered by FedEx is there if like I
see FedEx or I go to FedEx can I return
that back to her it's actually like
pretty big but they sent it to here like
because they used to live here and I
want to get it to him so can I return to
the shipper or whatever I do you guys
think like has that ever happened you
guys if I take it to FedEx you dropped
it off will they accept it or will I
have to pay for it or something
yes cool and it looks like kind of a
silly question but I figured someone
would have a experience with that before
so I thought I would ask you guys cool
I'm gonna do that that's really all we
have on the wall and here so far and
then got the couch the rug it's real
it's really bare still in here we have
that up right there too we have a lot of
stuff from our place like two three
years ago that we could hang up in here
so as of this year
there's our nest 76 degrees
76 degrees is like I wouldn't say cold
now but it feels good I remember in the
past 69 degrees 68 degrees that was like
ooh solid her set yeah more so like 70
but now it's 76 here is the rug I donno
if you guys got a close look at this in
the vlog this is the one that Jen
scorpion behind me oh I really like the
couch - this couch has been nice very
like it's a lot more like squishy so
yeah we pretty much almost have
everything unpacked and now it's trying
to get decorations up
scorpion hunting I killed three last
night outside outside in the bushes
someone got really mad at me for killing
scorpions in the comments of other bugs
they said that Jen found a dead baby one
inside though that's good if it was dead
if we found it alive I'd be worried so
anyway we should put our bookshelf
listen oh yeah I think I want to go back
downstairs
the carpets too high like we have this
little area right here and the carpets
just too high for it to rest so the
laundry oh yeah I could go in here
that's not a pick up too much space you
want as much space in here as possible
hmm hey since we live let's go look that
makes me excited it definitely doesn't
feel like fall but it's just the
temperature and stuff but I can't wait I
love the October November December
especially gives me a lot of family
coming to visit ooh Christmas tree o
Christmas tree o Christmas tree I could
probably put the Christmas tree there
and move this over
hmm-hmm
it's a tough tough tough we'll figure it
out that cord usually isn't there by the
TV yeah I was thinking that this is
gonna be awesome to to cook with though
we've already used it a couple of times
like at the same time I should save
these Levin a lot but okay guys I want
to show you guys something
how many of you have Trader Joe's near
you I'm obsessed this this live stream
is brought to you by Trader Joe's I'm
just gonna hit that uh yeah we got one
of these yesterday who Danish Kringle
you guys try this before I'm not gonna
eat it right now I had a bite maybe two
pieces yesterday and haven't got the
workout in today yet hold on
this is like hard to look at this thing
it's like a giant donut it's a Danish
and it's filled with basically like
pumpkin pie it's pretty amazing just
throwing the shout out to Danish Kringle
available at Trader Joe's I love all the
pumpkin stuff that they get it tritter
Joe's super good we should do like a
Trader Joe's I feel like we can talk
about our favorite stuff and just
collaborate on all our favorite things
are Joe's because that is my favorite
place to go shopping it's cheap and I
feel a little healthier eating it even
when it's not that that that healthy
clintus what's up my man yeah yeah yeah
now I got to put the chili in the fridge
dude clintus I've been I've been
dropping in here and there with your
destiny streams we got to get together
soon I think I'm gonna get destiny for
PC I don't think I'll get it for Xbox or
Playstation or okay
Jenna made this chili for summer you
know this isn't closing there we go
very good bacon looks like what's in the
fridge ladies and gentlemen oh my
goodness
chunky guacamole Trader Joe's smart
ritter Jose
aquafina we've been too obsessed with
these little cans we've been trying to
drink less soda so the little cans are
like a way to kind of like slowly and
ease into that guy's this stuff from
Trader Joe's when you get like the
marinated chicken and steak oh boy
queso dip with zero fat how is that even
possible
oh good times get down okay oh here's
all Noah stuff from school each day he
learns about a different letter F this
was a dinosaur I can't remember I don't
think this was a letter than I was just
like all right they did anyways cool
we've been lying for 20 minutes it is
time to get the kids to bed
oh dude clintus if you're still here
there's this artist that's from Phoenix
area who someone commented on one of my
or untwisting about he's doing like a
art thing on Saturday and it's more in
your area I think it's like well it's
north of Phoenix and I fly back on
Saturday if you're around we should like
meet up there it'd be pretty cool he's
like an amazing artist his YouTube
channel Instagram I get a text viewer
message you the details but I think
we'll swing by there maybe so anyways
anything else you wanna say hello
everyone thanks for joining us on our
live stream I hope you guys enjoyed let
us know if you enjoy these even though
there's no real blog if you guys enjoy
these live streams because I kind of
enjoy
hand-raising hey yes yes yes people like
him okay good good because we feel bad
there's no video but Jays just work out
better but show us your mallanna
necklace where is Ariel where's your
Malaya not take it off yeah I tried to
take it off multiple times Dane she just
screamed and threw a fit so it smooth
touched her for a little while
yep all right I'm gonna sit down the
streams the streams the screens and in
cyber bath and bedtime and maybe I'll go
for a bike ride there's actually
basketball tonight but that's in an hour
anyways all right guys thank you for
hanging out thank you for your
suggestions if you have any more
suggestions feel free to tweet them to
me or post on this video once it goes
back on youtube if you're watching this
on youtube not live right now leave a
suggestion and thank you guys so much
and sorry that there wasn't another
video today but it was fun to hang out
this way and I enjoyed it just like Jen
said we usually enjoy it I'm sorry like
I know the video is a little bumpy need
to figure out a way to do mobile live
streams better
I know if clintus is still here he had
an amazing setup that uh PAX West I
think I was but his setup or someone
else's and it costs them like thousands
of dollars so anyways trying to figure
that out we'll get it done we'll see you
guys soon new vlog tomorrow love ya puse
click on the finish button
