3-pointer granny no I don't shoe I don't
know I don't know I don't know I don't
want anybody else yeah
call it magic
coming into two guys I just took off the
lid of my leftover Cafe Rio and it looks
like the Death Star I can start adhesive
elyes like holder for items handle the
night you have a drink right there you
just start things there it's just easily
accessible hey look it but oh okay wow
you were very close doing well feeling a
little claustrophobic in here but we did
it huge team that helped us of like
seriously people is that the whole
management over five yeah I don't know
I'm gonna get this in though yes we just
got a washer and dryer and it was a
steal of a deal like a half the price
that we wanted to penny yeah so that way
I'm currently driving incredibly close
to the steering wheel more comfortable
driving back roads yeah okay oh my gosh
look at this we are so scrunched this
vehicle was made listen
perfect fit perfect fit perfect perfect
wait that's a little scrunch but we're
tall people so so I really hope this air
bags seriously guys I do not know how in
our car we have a washer a stackable
washer and dryer in their trunk right
now hey Big C we found a little sea oh
boy little sea I'll tell Big Sea you say
hi
we just don't buy cookies or sweets food
food and more food
this is Kelly and Josh okay um we
removing your washer so we called Josh
and Kelly to come and help us yeah what
are the chances that someone that
watches they watch our videos lives a
block away and now we be friends say
channel youtube.com slash josh friends
there you go EUCOM slash josh friends
check them out here comes june how did
you guys set this up when Jen was
catching the balls did you have like a
little boy over here just like holding
that pig pig oh I was the first out
which is why I'm filming right now
because I was after sim he shoots
everything and makes it no he just hit a
three oh so close
P I oh boy Sam come on now you're gonna
miss it
told ya but but women that would've been
awesome everyone check out that beard
Shay it's better than your beard it's
getting a little long no he could braid
and put a pony in there put some bees I
did that the other day you did yeah I
really have to it's almost gone
no what yeah how long that take you to
grow um it's almost been a year since
I've had are you about trimming trim
Villa oh yeah last June I travel
bootcamp bootcamp boot camp beard Camp
beard yeah
shoot it get him a letter he has no
letters yet it's the screaming like a
regular person but not like a granny get
another letter get another letter here
we go do another great shots grannies
are his nemesis Kelly is about to win
and Sam thought he had this in the bag
run one run two will be another day
granny
granny shot look at the hoop beforehand
did you say someone challenged me to do
that so now you've accomplished it
Challenge completed by me yeah there's a
lot of luck in the air I just know that
this hoop says that that's what's going
on right now we're currently doing a
live stream right now but it's actually
not me playing so we're seeing a
pinnacle react is there anything going
on he has a cool beard I've been trying
to repeat everything you say okay josh
has the greatest food a entire a limb
stan is really good at it as well and I
really like
thanks Gabrielle for the link now we can
you know the real word so how crazy is
that - people letter subscribe to our
channel we move in we live a block away
they're like wait a second I think Sam
and Jen just moved into her we would
know that was fun to get to know them
they're really nice people and we don't
have like a ton of friends I here yet so
I was like man we need some help I got
some some guys that come over from
church and then I was like Josh what are
you doing man you want to come help out
and he was like get off work in like 30
minutes I'll be over and BAM
and now we have friends so we wasn't
hung out it like frozen custard place
that generally wanted because she
doesn't like cookies and sweets and then
we had it out which you know really
helped the afternoon they really helped
me super healthy and then we just hung
out forever but it was a really fun day
and I'm so happy that we met them
there's a lot of good book suggestions
and some people say you should have a
Goodreads account I thought about having
a Goodreads account though you have one
I have the app oh I think I haven't made
like an actual account yet guys Jenica
book club Jenica i don't know if you can
keep up with her though she's a fast
reader just know I don't I don't know
some books I read are embarrassing
everyone's been saying like okay I know
I think though I think I will dabble in
the Maze Runner though a lot of you guys
were suggesting that one and I think I
think that's next I thought that was the
most yeah I did too
that one like popped out the most and
they're making a movie if you guys
didn't know they're making a movie and
so that's exciting it's one of the guys
from Teen Wolf if you watch that show
anyways yeah so I'm excited
I may be gonna pick up that book next so
thanks for the suggestions the guys I
really appreciate it and I'm excited to
read I think we're like a hundred twenty
five subscribers shy of twenty thousand
and never had the potty baby the dance
party there's a ton of good submissions
you have seriously like 24 to 36 48
hours to get your video ends you better
get on it if you want to be in it oh and
there those videos are so fun so the
video will be a lot of fun and yeah we
hope you guys are having a great weekend
yep we're gonna start rolling out
probably new outros about once a month
maybe and I have a lot of ideas in my
head in regards to them so you guys are
about to see the newest outro and we're
gonna start doing a style like this and
I hope you guys like it so yeah so it's
really I finally got some songs for like
a new intro and things like that so
we're gonna I'm gonna work on that yes
yes soon so a lot of exciting stuff
ahead yep and on Monday we're gonna go
hang out with other youtubers who's it
gonna be
probably not yours thank you oh no
you're not gonna get it right or are you
who are you
