just just woke up and they got a get go
away and gotta get my hand get that
month it gotta get those little down it
then and then and then and then Friday
Friday it is finally Friday this week
actually went by really fast to me how
about you Friday Friday now the song
stuck in your head I'm sorry
guys it's 2 o'clock and I'm just making
lunch and getting out of bed
I literally stayed in bed like in red
all day literally I dropped Sam off came
home and I was planning on going back to
sleep for a while nope I read like the
past that was that like 9:30 10:00 till
2:00 till like 1:30 oops just one of
those days where I just didn't feel like
doing anything and I that's what
happened guys I'm like I love reading
but once I start a book that I really
like I don't put it down until I finish
so I'm almost done with this book that I
started last night and by the way I
stayed up until 2:00 last night reading
that thing as well my bad but that's
okay so I'm just you know having a
relaxing day it's Friday Friday I hope
you guys are having a fun Friday now you
have a fun Memorial weekend and you guys
have fun plans planned fun stuff planned
anyway I'm just gonna make lunch and
relax some more and I hope Sam's having
a good day he's at work working and I'm
here relaxing feel kind of bad but hey
he gets a four-day weekend Oh three-day
weekend wait 30-day weekend um so yeah I
hope you guys are having a great day and
I'll check back in later I'll check back
in but my my book will probably be done
Madison my check that cane I'm reading
it early fast you guys I Rick so like
over 60 books last year in 2013 alone I
read like over 60 books
No maybe like almost 60 bucks so you
guys have any good book recommendations
let me know cuz I love to read my Kindle
is my best friend other than Sam
literally but keep in mind I read a lot
of books last year so I've read like you
know in my favorite things to read are
got young adult books which is
embarrassing to say but not well not
really you know they're good books I've
read like the divergent series actually
I need to read this
so don't welcome in that I've read The
Hunger Games I've read and when are you
back to read The Maze Runner should I
read that and I let me know anyways I'm
still kind of working on the City of
Bones shirt like series kind of got
stuck on the second one anyways let me
know if you guys have any good books to
read oh and I already read fall in the
stars so don't recommend that one and
I've already read have heard a lot of
books but still recommend some that you
think I haven't read and we'll see if I
haven't read them alright yeah it's talk
to you later bye a few moments later
good news guys we're getting a washer
and dryer
I've been doing a lot of research the
past this whole week actually like on
ASL and stuff like that looking for
washers and dryers and we got one so
we're gonna go try and pick that up
tonight it's only there's a slight
problem because they're stackable cuz
that's all that we can have in our
apartment but they're already connected
so we're gonna I'm gonna go measure the
car right now to make sure that it will
fit hopefully hopefully keeping our
fingers crossed
it'll our back will be long enough to
fit them both in there at the same time
but we shall see so I'm really really
really excited because that means I can
get all of little man stuff washed and
put away and that's just another thing
checked off the list Wow feeling very
accomplished this week another thing
done guys have fun we love you I'm
making pesto creamy pesto sauce with our
pasta tonight um my post so came out a
slightly different texture than that it
did not look like that beautiful stuff
yeah I didn't get the pine nuts so we're
gonna see how this tastes I'm a little
worried she I told so if it's terrible
I'll just get McDonald's hopefully it's
not too terrible
this is definitely my pesto is
definitely wrong consistency but that's
okay I guess we'll see
Oh guys this is what it looks like and
like that I mean it definitely is
missing the pine nuts but it's not like
terrible sam says he likes it
cuz the girl was making mac and cheese
two nights ago now she's making custom
homemade pesto sauce I'm trying girl and
she's like uh I'm some neighbors I don't
know if you're gonna like it
hello girl it's good yeah well let's see
if I like it it's not bad it's like a
tiny bit oily but it's good it's good
what's up well I already added your salt
tears okay we got these nerf guns at
work and there's no fights and I brought
one home so no one would steal my ammo
and jump shooting me with it right now
okay ah he fed way too many shots no if
I shoot you everyone's gonna yell at me
okay
oh my goodness learn to aim okay I said
yourself in the office airsoft guns and
you take gen you can shoot oh don't put
added force to it
Oh No let me go oh my goodness you're
famous I saw you in a question and
answer the question and answer I'm like
5 2 or 3 I'm here with the one and only
pickle glass what do you have to say to
the world today did you go in an
airplane today you went 9:00 a.m.
everybody
peddling my hand we'll see each other
again it's okay right here there baby in
there baby in your favorite anymore you
watch the vlog don't you achieve
anything you have to say to the vodka
sphere
one word to describe yourself what are
you one word to describe unique unique
New York so funny story I'm in a closet
right now and I'm ending the vlog the
vlog is about to go up in about 30
minutes probably once I export and
upload that'll take about 30 minutes
total anyways it's going up late today
because today this is crazy
what are the chances that you can move
somewhere completely new and then a
block away is someone that subscribed to
your YouTube channel
what are those chances apparently pretty
high because today we needed to help
with something so I was like hey Josh
could you come help me move this because
I didn't want Jen moving something
really heavy and he came over and we've
been hanging out for the rest of the day
so it's it's funny because we've both
seen each other's videos on YouTube I'm
gonna talk more about that tomorrow cuz
we filmed a little bit with them but
anyways that's what we're doing right
now I'm just ending the vlog I'm in the
closet right now talking which is even
weirder blog is about to go up so I hope
you guys that have had a great day and
enjoyed today or a visit with my sister
was super short but I'm lucky that she
was able to come and surprise us so that
was pretty fun Jen you got anything else
to say bye really if you're watching the
live stream right now you're watching
him that's pretty funny alright guys see
little booth
we'll see you tomorrow
