and is the champion and she's gonna hear
no I don't know I don't know at all
call it magic ha call me in tech to my I
am cervical blogs
it's Thursday Jen is amazing
she builds everything she's awesome
she's so nice this girl right here Isis
girl in the world wanting to work while
she goes and works harder I love you
guys see you later
nope lol oh my YouTube family how are
you guys all doing today I'm doing great
I decided to sleep in a little bit cuz
yesterday just killed me I was so tired
after building all that stuff so I feel
pretty wiped out today so I'm just gonna
chill and let my body rest and just
clean up like actually feel the fill the
empty drawers with clothes and stuff
like it's yep it's almost 1:00 and this
is anything for lunch ish lunch just
brunch ish or something
go ahead judge me for waffles yes that
is for waffles hey there's strawberries
on the side yeah that's what I'm up to
hope you guys are having a great day
talk to you later bye
one thing Jenica does not like doing
touching or being involved with raw
chicken or anything and look at her
right now
I read an article this is a sign of
nesting hashtag nest mode look at you go
it's time for another segment of cooking
with Jenica
I'm making its chicken rich chicken you
say yeah does that involve rich crack
written rich man crackers Ritz crackers
sure does
how do you make it all you do is dip the
chicken in the sour cream healthy and
then dip it into the Ritz crackers and
Parmesan cheese mix simple put a little
butter on top bake it up golden
literally so if you like chicken and
ritz
this is one dish you can't miss lemon or
lemon parmesan asparagus oh my goodness
look miss chef boyardee yes you are and
i was trying to make that like clever
but it didn't turn out that way I'm
trying to do like a vegetable with a
main dish Wow
starting it off right well man's got to
get his veggies he's eating right now
he's eaten as we speak your snack and
while you're eating they're cooking then
he's eating I can't help but notice that
behind the asparagus there is something
new
what is that would be a very large jar
full of candy so get your veggies and
get your candy and eat it up I had a lot
of sweets done to things like for lunch
I had four waffles with strawberry syrup
and a side of strawberry real
strawberries that's just like the other
day every single thing he had sugar I
know I didn't realize it though but Jen
doesn't like cookies or sweet tea
I can tell you so
maybe
you can hear my
I present to you RIT's chicken with
lemon parmesan asparagus cooking with
Jen see you next time
woke up this morning realized I forgot
to buy hair gel operation let's get a
hair gel right now so the same thing
that happens this morning doesn't happen
again I think I liked it Jen's always
paranoid that I had locked it in it
OCD about locking no dice they didn't
have it this is like my go-to no matter
than Jenica not being able to build the
dresser friend - didn't even go have it
yes it just might not be on sale they
have it they have it and it's on sale
even if it's a dollar cheaper sometimes
it's like 650 obviously $5.99 plus text
I'm grabbing - has anyone tried these
birthday cake M&Ms with trying like
peanut butter and peanut M&Ms
No
to the head about to sighs maybe next
time I need to find a new crane I think
they just needed to restock it there
wasn't there was locket I did you got
there oh yeah this better man I can even
get the crane over you know I'm excited
man we're gonna work I panicked wait
only that one more time I panicked I
panicked
I knew it was fireman wasn't gonna
happen but you didn't listen to me
that's okay
next time guys next time good evening
tonight it's another night for bedtime
stories with Sam I think we're gonna do
this like two or three times a week
maybe maybe twice a week maybe once a
week I don't know I'll see how you guys
react to this one today's bedtime story
is called elephant the class teacher
asked students to name an animal that
begins with an e one boy says elephant
then the teacher asks for an animal that
begins with the T the same boy says two
elephants the teacher sends that boy out
of the class for bad behavior
after that she asked for an animal
beginning with the letter M the boy
shouts from the other side of the wall
maybe an elephant
ladies and gentlemen that was your
bedtime story for tonight hope you
enjoyed it and let me put a smile on
your face shorter walk today guys but
hope you enjoyed it hope you enjoyed it
another bedtime story
Jenica feels full I feel fallen heavy
and pregnant she's really cute though
we're meeting up with my sister and her
family tomorrow which sister I don't
have work on Monday
yeah party and puppy yeah we love you
guys hope you have a fun Memorial
weekend and happy oh all you Americans
have a Memorial Day weekend and all you
other people I'm sorry you don't have
Monday out or do you a lot of you guys
had really big weeks graduating getting
jobs school all sorts of stuff some of
you got out of the hospital I'm glad
you're feeling better that's for sure
well have you guys had great weeks we're
glad that you had a great week
what do you guys up to this weekend let
us know anything fun yeah anyone doing
anything here in the area maybe will
join up have a little party partying
partying yeah oh
we'll see you tomorrow Hey yeah that's
why I was late Oh
