Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday
Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday
Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday
what about Wednesday went by bus by
Wednesday you know that's her
it's me Mario
okay guys our journey to Ikea begins
hopefully everything goes well and that
I get the right piece I think everything
will go well because I know exactly like
what to tell them now I have everything
I have the receipt I have a little wood
thing I have the pamphlet I even brought
a screwdriver I don't know why but yeah
it's gonna be a good day and I'm gonna
get those big dressers built I'm excited
to just get this whole ordeal over with
so thanks for staying on this journey of
in the Builder with me it's been quite a
beer deal yes here we go to Ikea okay
guys I did it come on IKEA and I got the
new piece it took forever though because
it had just any like spare ones laying
around they had to like order from the
back like the guy who was helping me
wasn't like super like informative but
liked what he was doing oh how do I
order the part whatever and I was like
with the order of the part like I
seriously was like I can't wait for this
piece for another week or something like
I just can't like I will go insane and I
was like you have to order another part
like how long is that gonna take say Oh
15 to 20 minutes and I was like oh like
luckily I got the right box open
alright told the guy which box it was
and it looks like it's gonna fit I'm
like double triple checked the holes to
make sure they're in a different place
like over like where they're supposed to
be and they are so we're gonna see if it
fits right now guys I just wanna like
see if it lines up correctly so let's do
this live right now oh wait not live but
on camera right now okay the goal get
those two wooden pegs fit into those two
holes oh wait hold on this way oh my god
it's not gonna fit again let's see
yes you guys do you see that holes lined
up oh I think I might cry I think I
might dance I think I might sing him
scream from the rooftops hallelujah
we would like to inches too far over on
the ones that I had last time you don't
know how relieved I am okay maybe maybe
you do know how relieved I accept me
ranting about this for an entire week
I'm so happy
okay I'm gonna build this thing right
now goodbye
I'll see you when it's done you guys oh
my goodness I've never been so happy in
my life okay that's why I have been
happy but it fits guys really you have
no idea okay let's get dawn guys no joke
I don't know if I can ever purchase any
my key again and build it myself because
now there's another piece that's not
fitting and it's the only way it'll fit
they just screwed the whole - hi
so like this screw right here is
supposed to meet up with a hole in there
but if I wanted them to meet then the
bottom won't fit I am so frustrated like
I don't understand why they can't focus
when they're screwing all these holes
into the wood expecting us to spend
money on it
right solenoid it's so annoying I
thought my problems were done I just
went from so happy to so annoyed again
I hate you so much why I am NOT going
back to IQ you guys I can't okay goodbye
okay guys I'm some noob I think I
figured out why because this stupid
piece isn't fully down so maybe it'll
fit once I slam that piece sound okay
let's do this okay this has been quite
the whirlwind my emotions I've been
going crazy
I feel better simply does that work I
would text him again and I was like they
gave me another wrong piece but this
time it actually was me it's connected
yeah I'm sweating I'm running on here
but look guys there's a dresser yay one
dress are done guys I built this one all
by myself
look how nice it looks oh wow what a
beaut I'm so happy it's like like
changing
one thing checked off the list let's
just get the changing pad and put it on
there just to look which an amazing
subscriber bought for us I think my name
is Bonnie look little changing pad up
there so excited now let's go finish big
blue guys I'm so exhausted
I'm so sweaty but look at this
I finished I'm so happy it looks like
their spotlight diet that's just the Sun
oh my gosh let her leave been building
this thing for ever but I did it a lot
of you thought I couldn't do it a lot of
you thought I could do it and I did it
and I'm like to go get Sam so I have to
go wait I'm gonna go home and surprise
Sam with the dressers completed I told
them they weren't done yet
and so when we get there he'll be
shocked to see that they are done okay
let's go sees reaction in the next clip
and it was a I wanted to surprise you
that's right I was late oh man they're
both that's why I was five minutes late
so I just had to do one more drawer
Lyra I research nesting today at work
and you're in for nesting mode building
cleaning I have many battle wounds from
this dresser many a bad ones ya know
from like just holding the wood my next
item to build yep I finish I mean me and
the dresser both have a few scars both
we both have some battle wounds I
accidentally nicked it right here and I
accidentally got a little cut right here
that I might need to put a little wood
glue on that's right because that wasn't
I was trying to put the top on and it
wasn't going on really look to you what
it looks like it's really blue and I
didn't lift the entire thing like
everything was a skeleton I like but I
just like lifted in the Builder can she
build
Genda build yes I was just laughing at
oh okay that was real time right there
me
there's some type of way
because God's a fit
I guess it fit for a little man
too many paths and Cinderella at work so
I'm sorry running
hey guys what's going on I'm in the GE
right now I'm just talking to you guys I
think it's time for another sad runtime
story
you're such a dork skyping myself right
now I'm skyping myself you're bugging me
skyping myself hey guys what's going on
oh hey oh now I'm slogging myself
skyping myself right now
oh just zoomed in the hardcore look at
that really
technology the future is now as long as
hey guys I snuck out just because I
wanted to say a couple nice things about
Jen she is amazing can you believe she
built those dressers my heart has been
warm like just like me and that girl's
amazing for the past couple days my
whole life since I've known her but I'm
just blown away Jen did it she did it
she built it jump boom and I'm gonna
tell you guys a bedtime story tomorrow
you guys keep submitting your videos for
the 28,000 subscriber party cuz they're
so fun to watch keep those coming in
yeah and email them to sanic vlogs at
gmail.com
you can make it unlisted so people don't
see it you can make it public whenever
you want email to us you can upload to
YouTube you know let's get this party
going we're working on shirts and things
of it we're in the beginning stages of
that but I'm gonna talk to Tyler and
he's gonna help me out and stuff so all
of you both said that I'm gonna wear one
to work every single day so and everyone
knows what I represent
thanks guys for submitting the recipes
the videos seriously guys it's been
awesome and I just want to know what you
guys accomplished this week if you guys
have accomplished anything fun or crazy
or school related or whatever that's
eating 25 Chicken McNugget it's passing
a test graduating I mean having a baby
smiling we want to know what made you
happy this week yep so let us know in
the comments building those joy the
things made me happy yeah Thank You
csing alright we'll see you guys
tomorrow
we'll see you tomorrow
