you can't really see it but this bird
right here has like a worm or something
and it's now okay random don't know I
don't know when anybody else with you
chick coming into two hey guys so it is
tuesday and i am just about to go run
some errands to get groceries for the
week and I'm doing better look I have it
all planned out this time so I know what
to go get and meals planned I'm really i
really wasn't joking when I told him
that it was a goal to like make real
meals not just mac and cheese which I do
still do anyway so I'm gonna go do that
and this little guy is going to a better
place keeley he's coming for you anyway
so we are just going to go do those
errands and then come back and then i'm
gonna i'm determined to that dresser
bill there's a woman from who watches
the vlogs who gives her information that
and she just built that dresser so i'm
gonna contact her and it's not maybe
i'll contact ikea first but i don't know
so I really think that they just screwed
the wrong holes on the wrong side of the
board like a piece of wood I don't know
anyways maybe something else is wrong
I'm just praying that we can get it
figured out because I need that Jess or
belt like I need a built now and then I
really want to see if I can build the
baby's dresser so I'm feeling a little
ambitious today I'm feeling like I just
want to get things done last night I had
was having a ton of Braxton Hicks
contractions like like I started feeling
them this weekend for the first time
like that I really knows like oh I think
these are Braxton Hicks for sure cuz
like they're like in like definitely its
my uterus that is contracted but last
night it was like they were very
consistent and I was like freaking out I
was like
what is going on these can't be real can
they because it was like I felt it in my
back and in the front lasting long time
to like each one that I felt them start
and stop and it was like kind of
freaking out like oh my gosh please
don't tell me I can totally wait for I
got so nervous and I was like about to
like start counting and like get out my
phone app and like start recording them
because I was so worried that I was
about to go into labor will be a first
time mom you don't know like what to
expect or what you're feeling so I was
like oh I'll be fine if the pain gets
worse than like I'll wake up Sam you
know and we'll go the doctor or whatever
but I was eventually fell asleep but it
was like the weirdest thing because they
were like lasting a while making me
nervous you guys i've been saying like
feeling like god I feel like he's gonna
come early and that just like freaked me
out like ah this is why I'm so anxious
to just get everything done because I
feel like he's gonna come and we have
nothing ready anyway I know we'll do
everything done I'm just I need to keep
him cooking in there for a little bit
longer I feel like I have two maybe
three weeks and then he's coming like I
just feel like that he's gonna come
early so we'll see hopefully I'm wrong
and he stays in there until he's do I
don't know I kind of just think he's
wants to make his debut really soon so
yeah let's do this I hope you guys are
having a great day and we'll talk to you
later bike alright let's go mr. sheep
should we buckle min everyone yeah I'm
protecting your little person here I'm
tucking him in he's the creepiest little
guy mmm yes the power just went out and
Smith this is hilarious
oh my gosh I'm really creepy everything
shut off people are running for the door
ahhhh where's the generator you guys you
can't see me but this is really creepy
there we go people screamed a little bit
that was kind of funny the power going
out and Smith was so funny oh my gosh it
was only out for literally if not even a
minute but I i was looking the produce
area and like everything to shut off and
then old ladies like all gasp but it was
so funny a little not nervous for a
second but the generators came back on
and everything was good man what's with
this power going out in this town Oh
lovely I just my brakes and all my
groceries came flying forward yeah
that's annoying I think I may have
underestimated the size of cupcake sheep
man I thought I got a big enough
envelope but I don't think I to it he's
like stuffed in there oh my gosh I'm
gonna try to make it work and if not I
may just have to get a different
envelope sorry Kili it's come with you I
swear it's coming I got it closed
everyone I got it closed you guys know
what time it is smoothie time with jen
yeah
new vivid strawberry vanilla yogurt and
I'm just gonna put some of this in here
to make it cold and some water I'm a
Baptist I don't know yet mr. water
anyways time with me so that's really
really not a pretty color but it ain't
so good this is what my best one yet
yeah she gets to taste it taste the
rainbow anyway down with me peachy
peachy you guys wanna know why YouTube
is awesome one of you Rebecca said that
she recently built that dresser i think
maybe last week a month ago I don't know
exactly what the time frame was so I
emailed her and i was like we think one
of our pieces is messed up we need a
little help she said oh I'll help you
guys out so hi Jenica contact her and
right now they're facetiming trying to
figure this out you guys are awesome man
what if it's not the right piece okay
guys so I just talked to Rebecca she was
so nice thank you so much Rebecca she's
actually one of our viewers and email or
like message us and said I just built
that dresser let me know if you need
help I just needed someone's opinion who
actually had built stupid dresser
because I call like he today and he's
like well if you think that's the wrong
piece and bring it in with your receipt
and we'll give you a new one as I go I
would hate death is just drive down
there and get a new piece it's so
annoying but after talking to Rebecca
hers went on fine so I'm really think
that they like just screwed these holes
like these holes I think are screwed in
the wrong place I think they need to be
in a different place or the bottom one
sorry the bottom ones I don't know cuz
it's just not fitting so I'm praying
that we give me the right piece tomorrow
and that it fits up fits like good if it
doesn't I'm just gonna want to die again
we'll see mmm anyway thank you so much
about this a nice to meet you sorry to
bother you on a busy day but I'm soaked
people you were able to talk to me it
was so good to meet you this dresser
will be done this week guys I'm so proud
of myself I cooked another meal I cooked
real broccoli steamed it and we did
baked potatoes tonight but I did forget
to buy foil so I baked them in the
microwave we can't tell Sam said you
can't tell they're like they were lemon
ice tercet is really good I've had
microwave potatoes and he's really good
I'm so proud of myself guys I'm doing
things in life making broccoli and
potatoes hey not bad i texted your mom
to see if broccoli was a good side dish
to put baked potatoes she's like what I
feel like a lot of people deep fried
potatoes so after dinner I was editing
the vlog and I came in and I didn't have
the camera ready because I was charging
the battery was dead and I came in here
and Jenna goes in here yes building 10
the Builder this this is what Jed did
and don't you worry shouldn't lift
anything she gave me hey could you lift
this up for me and this and that she
wasn't like doing anything crazy but she
built this like this this ikea go right
here this girl is i I told you as I can
build from ikea they just really do give
me a bad piece yes it's been it's been
be grooving did you talk to you today
who helped you I talked to Rebecca and
she was amazing she was so sweet and she
talked me even though she's very busy
woman just now though i was looking at
picture i'm like i was trying to figure
out what to say tomorrow to thank you
people like hey this is off but know
what exactly was off but the holes they
screwed the wrong holes on the board so
i said the other night so keep us up
there and what happens at that chance to
go do that one that work good idea first
the rebecca held yeah super nice hi
Rebecca you're the best Rebecca you're
watching this at work supposedly Jensen
yeah and you I you got work right now
but Jen built this whole thing by
herself and you know it's funny this
reminds me exactly of Colette when she
was pregnant with bro tired she just
started building stuff and she built a
desk sing good plug it here so this is
the great thing about pregnant tricks is
like maybe a couple weeks before they
just go into psychotic mom mode
I'm like shag lupus which yeah gives me
a lot of work because I'm like
constantly moving 70 I don't like that
they're moving over here she built the
desk and ikea desk which i'm very proud
of her for and Jenna built the dresser
we know our husbands are busy doing
important things and we just want to get
things done too she's nesting and I
asked you guys to find me the vlog where
they talked about that we're finally
finishing it finally doing it there no I
have to tell you guys something listen
I've read in the comments and like why
is mommy tired building on the step why
is she though I'm doing this because I
liked you I'm gonna be so good if I
happen to just buy the same rocking
chair sir that was my plan into this
room over there over there move it back
and forth and now she decides she wants
it out the other thing that was
completely unplanned this rocking chair
is the same rocking chair that rock
tired and Mohammed are put together in
this vlog right here we are building a
rocking chair and rock-hard is being
super healthy and allen wrench that's
right I'm excited about this chair
because it costs much less than all the
other tribes that I found oh did it fall
yeah you know that was no I had seen
that vlog like but last year sometime
but that was not playing this mean your
mom picked out actually this is my
favorite one on Terry so crazy the same
exact rocking chair my grandma got it
for Jen as a like a present that's what
she does for all the expecting moms in
the family she get some rocking chair I
love it this is really squishing forms
too but perfect now the last thing I
have to finish building after these
dressers is the crib build the curve
that me we both will the crib okay and
then I'll be happy camper I'll be look
now will be the last thing to build so
this is the dresser a lot of the pieces
are still there the drawers and stuff
like it's been like this for like two
days because this piece right here is
messed up so Jensen you get that looked
at tomorrow yep see those holes the
wrong holes these holes are wrong well
cool though it's gonna be nice blue so
once everything's set up like that then
we'll start doing the house tour even
though he has kind of gotten glimpses
and things like that
what a great idea guys we're gonna do
that once we had 20,000 subscribers
we're going to have a dance video vlog
what we want you guys to do is submit
videos of you guys dancing so you can
upload them to youtube and where they
send them you can upload them to youtube
and tweet us where we can find them yep
or you can email them to samick of vlogs
at gmail com and we're gonna use you
guys in our video there will be a big
dancing music video doesn't matter what
song you're dancing to I'm gonna mute
the music anyway so just dance your
heart out yeah show us your best moves
mamuka I'll be awesome so please guys
submit some videos cuz then it will make
the video freaking sweet yeah I'm you
guys can be in a similar bond they're so
fun will be a big virtual party anyways
we got to go guys we'll see you tomorrow
bye
we'll see you tomorrow
