I just need to try one bite of this oh
that was a joke like that texture just
to throw you off yeah I won't feels like
a butterfinger Lucy it's a good doll mmm
whoa it's like wafer that's good Wow
won't expect enough yeah do it something
candy no to make your candies
it's Monday morning heading to work
Jenica is looking great as ever always
cute let's see what today brings I love
do it hey guys so it's Monday and Sam's
at work I dropped him off a few hours
ago and I'm just gonna be hanging out
around the house there's a lot of stuff
we kinda just need to like put away and
get clean it's a disaster right now and
building that dresser has become quite
the ordeal ok I know some people like
how can you not understand the ikea
pamphlet but seriously guys it's just
pictures and they have no words and no
labeling on anything and so we're just
kind of like going picture by picture
and i swear we were doing it right you
really were doing it right but something
went wrong we could have had it done
last night but a piece wouldn't fit
together and then like like other pieces
were like bending and we're like this
isn't right so I had like put it
together thinking like Oh it'll be fine
and then Sam like had to go undo
everything so we're starting over I was
not happy last night I was very upset
and like why isn't this working did they
give us a faulty did we pick out a
faulty box or something anyway so
hopefully we were able to get that
figured out tonight later on Sam gets
home and I'm just gonna be cleaning up
and organizing because I just everything
is cluttered I'm so like crazy it's just
disorganized and I'm being pregnant my
anxiety has gone up a little bit and I
just want things to be done I just like
won't be able to like breathe until his
room is done until our room is done
until like the house is just neat and
orderly cuz I don't want to have a baby
and like have a messy like disordered a
house you know disorderly house so yeah
I'm feeling a little well uneasy but
it's okay we still have five weeks you
guys I'm 35 weeks this week I cannot
believe that I cannot believe that
there's only five weeks left and it's
like ah that's coming so soon
but I nobly everything done like I'm not
like worried I just have an itch like I
just want to get it all done now even
though sometimes just can't get
everything done now but I should be
saying is i am not patient and that's
what I'm not I need to work on cuz I get
this little it's just get things done
it's like may just not being patient I
just need to like do one thing at a time
or else this baby will not stay in there
for five weeks so I am going to be
working on my patients this week and
just taking it slow and getting things
done things will get done I know they'll
get done so it'll be great I'm so
grateful that we would have this house
to bring a baby home to so I hope you
guys are having a good day and that i'm
done ranting sorry for my rant yeah i'm
just gonna be hanging out and getting
things done yeah i'll see you guys a
little bit later hope you're having a
good day guys also pregnancy update
yesterday I think I felt my first
Braxton Hicks contractions I'm not
really sure they kinda just were like
subtle like mild TMI but like I don't
know well you boys out there I want to
hear that but anyways starting to feel
Braxton Hicks this baby's coming and
we're really excited they felt weird and
I was like whoa I haven't felt this for
a long time um but yeah that's a new
update for you guys yea baby's doing
great he just moved so much I thought
you would like it would the movements
would kind of like slow down because
like he's running out of room in there
but no he is just making it broome
forget to move in there it's really
funny he's gonna come out dancing
definitely he's definitely gonna be a
little active guy um anyways yep that's
my practicing update for the day okay
bye skates
vacation in Mexico
earlier No
early in Mexico
no that card in that room
the cute little place oh this place was
so packed on Saturday that we like
couldn't even get in like literally the
entire parking lot there's a huge
drive-through line but we're excited to
try it it's like very authentic and it
looks good so we decided to come home
with the food we're not in Mexico and
Casey did nope look how big this
burritos hold it up hold it up we've
never been there before it is so big in
mine turns out it has fish and shrimp in
it and I got all these salsas and sauces
guys my channels called Sam food that's
the URL so we show food a lot I'm sorry
but we like to eat yep I think I need to
cut mine now you better eat all that not
tonight my baby boy lack burrito mommy
but football calm it down although we're
now eating on the deck the patio
whatever you want to call it deck same
thing beautiful day beautiful day in the
neighborhood yo look at this girl right
here building this chair Jen just built
this accomplished something the dresser
may be a joke but this is really put
together didn't built this I did it
that's awesome I did I succeeded at
something guys look at I put this
together all by myself Sam helped a
little bit in the beginning but the
dresser just really won't go together I
have to call ikea tomorrow cuz i think
they gave us a wrong part i hate when
that happens or maybe i'm doing it wrong
but i'm really reading the directions
right guys I really am I love Legos this
is like Legos for adults and I'm doing
it right I swear least I accomplished
something today ah can't wait to try it
baby out watching my son into the break
say hello everybody your names are now
on here hashtag pipoca that's my new
name guys yeah I love you guys too long
time you guys are all being involved
right now in
Oh camera I'm just gonna kill you oh
you're very yellow hashtag hello hello
hello hello why you guys are all on the
bog hi buck I Maureen Sam here the
challenge try not to die in this game
yeah this is really fun follow my mom on
instagram follow my mama in terms of
that can't wait for little man glogs yep
he's right here there's little man
little man was seriously going crazy you
guys this chair is my greatest
accomplishment into a little man's born
new show idea building things from my
cue with Jen that would be a terrible
show I can't build anything from Ikea
this is the funniest thing about this
pillow has this like huge tag on it like
Liggett and sometimes these tags are
like must not be removed i think this
one actually you can remove like you
have to be the consumer and showing that
you got it whatever i think we just keep
that on you know giant tag you know and
get some snack or something you gotta
you know clean up little man or you
sneeze it's got a little extra Kleenex
alright i'm not that funny i want to ask
you guys cuz it's been my goal like you
guys have seen to like make new things
every week or like food meals in general
um because i was really bad that before
and i said ok once school's over i can
make real food meals so post me or link
me to some of your favorite recipes and
i might just try it yeah what some
beginner meals that you guys like to eat
because Jen's got a cooking spree she's
just loving it i think yeah i actually
have enjoying it and like i used to be i
used to hate grocery shopping but I'm
enjoying it as my time to just go there
I'm turning into a positive thing hey
guys a lot of chillin a lot of talking
that's what yesterday was like yeah Jen
was a little bit frustrated but she's
feeling better now and she's gonna get
things handled so we decided we're gonna
do what what kind of video Oh a mail
vlog I was like I don't know 22 videos
this weekend we're in a post like male 1
like you guys suggested and then a
regular vlog so that would be cool yes
but I have something special for you
guys hold on Nate Wescott so the other
day for more than five years now i
cannot go to bed unless i've watched my
Shaytards and CTFxC and yuna have been
added to
list well Nate a lot of people have been
saying that this is the last thing they
do before they go to bed so I thought
tonight I'm gonna read you a bedtime
story it's all ready for bed I don't
know if this is short this story it's
kind of short but come on married this
for you this is called wrong email
address it's kind of more of a joke but
i typed in short stories and this came
up there's a couple going on vacation
but his wife was on a business trip so
he went down and extra day early I'm
butchering this and she would meet him
the next day when he reached his hotel
he decided to send his wife a quick
email unfortunately when typing her
address he missed type a letter and
wrote his note directed to an elderly
preacher's wife whose husband had passed
away only the day before when the
grieving widow checked her email the one
you know actually no she took one look
at the modhri let out a piercing scream
and fell to the floor in a dead faint at
the sound her family rushed into the
room and saw this note on the screen
dearest wife just got checked in
everything prepared for your arrival
tomorrow yes sure is hot down here to
get it she thought she was going to 18
double hockey sticks oh that story's
called the wrong email so there's your
bedtime story broke she thought her
husband sent it to her yeah oh it's so
funny it's just kidding it was your
bedtime story for the night we'll see
you guys tomorrow proof
we'll see you tomorrow hey this is a
very orange dinner but hey
