I just dumped the whole box of spaghetti
out
shout out to all my Hawks fans cuz we
just won Game one baby three two one go
Hawks go that goal by Dave's that they
took away it should have been for one
that was bogus guys you all know that
that our LA Kings fans but the penalty
for that was kind of bogus too so hey
Hawks won so I'm happy when purchasing
something from Ikea I didn't realize
that we would literally be building the
entire thing ourselves like this little
builder thing like a little guide oh my
gosh it's so intense
there's just pieces everywhere I wasn't
prepared for this oh man what just look
we're gonna need it I don't even know
what if like they didn't do a good job
of labeling what's in each box so I'm
like trying to figure out what pieces
where cuz like wanted to start with
these pieces and nothing is labeled
nothing I don't know how we're gonna do
this without we need some luck hopefully
we get this built correctly hopefully
doesn't take us like forever if I would
have known that I probably would have
gotten into my dresser oh well here we
go be a fun day
there's no writing in this book just
pictures I'm like I need to read and
know what pieces are like seriously they
just want me to guess which piece I'm
putting another piece they're insane
like look at that seriously how am I
supposed to follow that Sam and I are
screwed literally the whole box of
spaghetti out oh no actually I'm making
artwork I just
oh my goodness
this is a very orange dinner mmm but hey
you want to jump literally oranges he
went simulates that was orange mac and
cheese because cheese is orange you guys
saw what I did to all the spaghetti
noodles so this was Plan B when she was
nice enough to make this woz playing
nice box
so that was fun that was fun you have to
do that again huh you're awesome
now you're awesome ever wanted to now
you're awesome
everyone wanted you to play and not me
no it was fun oh good coloration hey
what's up guys I don't even know if you
can see me cuz it's kind of dark but I'm
guessing you can can you see me can you
see me yeah okay it's gone for a walk
after our dinner we like to go on Sunday
walks we wanted to go on one earlier
let's go check out this park that we
keep driving by but it was a little too
late Jonica fell asleep and I started
playing xbox online I started my twitch
account
I went live I was playing a FIFA game
ended up losing at the end when I was
destroying the guy
how embarrassing and then I played
titanfall and I think at one point we
had like 80 people in there and so I
literally just started that up and post
it on the video or the last vlog and
then I sent out a tweet like later and
it was really fun like I had a blast
doing it so if you guys want to watch my
twitch channel ever its twitch.tv slash
Samak of vlogs and if I ever go on and
play I'll probably post on Twitter if
not I think you can like subscribe to
people on there I don't know I think I'm
gonna keep doing it it seemed like
everyone was enjoying it
Jen's like wow it's so boring video
games it's just like a new concept to me
it's funny the funny part is like Jenica
was in the chat room for most of it and
like interacting people were asking her
to prom and she made an account so she
was like chatting back and forth and
telling me what people were saying cuz I
was like trying to figure out how to
play titanfall so I couldn't look at the
chat the whole time so it was cool we're
gonna do it again maybe even tonight who
knows probably not though what
we're game baby
baboo goo Oh hmm see if I get lucky like
it I just came in and Jen's already got
the pieces set up she is so determined
get these done she is the cutest look at
you and how long did it take to find
those pieces all day all day literally
all day so thank you
IKEA looking for each piece with a
little bottom and that it finally was
like Oh
idiot there ran from your face I knew
they were mine so it should have been
easier yeah this could have been a case
of pregnancy brain or just newcomers to
Ikea which I think it's a little bit of
both we what we need to do is make sure
that we don't lose any because do you
think we can build this whole thing
tight I would love it if we did but we
might be uh plating at work early so I
don't think we will the big book babe
and it gets more so it's like a novel
that I don't like in this there's no
word on any page let's do it there
should be a YouTube video on how to
build this we should search the model
numbers hey we're having progress like
this
it was progress we're making Jenica is
seriously she's like the commander of
the effort she's the leader and we're
watching my sister's vlog what's up
Christie we're catching up on your vlogs
and we're loving them they're really
good so pretty fun during this I get a
little distracted them do work girl do
work guys
I almost am crying reading these letters
because people are so freaking nice
because I'm becoming a dad and when
people come dads they cry watching
Disney movies frozen the last movie I
cried watching was Jack Frost when the
dad
into snowman if that's how that movie
goes I can't remember it was so sad but
he wants to cry for happy tears yeah I
cannot believe the hearts of you guys
honestly like what the heck you guys are
cooler than us that's for sure you guys
are overwhelming us with love and
support it's like we feel unworthy of
all this I really like this one today
crystianna who likes pebbled ice and was
at the tough matter with Shay Carla sent
these bids that are so funny
never give up on your dreams even if
it's candy crush dr. peppers puzzle and
plus coconut syrup equals party and ball
night I was so creative
Wow thank you you're so sweet Samuel
Parker said in the 2044 I'm gonna be the
goat and he sent some bears cars and
bowls and Cubs dude whites and annalisa
had a dream about this that we met up at
a water park no wait no she wasn't water
parking we were at Six Flags not creepy
at all seriously that's really funny to
read Christina from the Google hangout
sentence her life of Haiti stuff with
pictures pamphlets and a book marked
with little notes about baby stuff and
we're laughing or almost crying reading
this you guys Wyatt what yeah and she's
studying right now inside the graduation
video helped her get through graduation
that made me want to cry what we've all
been there we all have been there stick
to a girl everyone all of you guys in
college it sucks sometimes
but the ending is the best it's makes it
worth it all this stuff and like
everyone's letters that we've been
getting like will show more of those
sorry it's taken us a little while to
like show stuff but we're gonna be
putting up our wall soon and all of your
stuff will be pinned up there so you
guys will be a part of the Samko family
a household with all your stuff on our
wall Mesa from Canada you know we don't
like cookies or sweets
we just don't buy cookies or sweets but
that didn't matter because you sent
Jenica time of the best cookies or
sweets I should say from Canada are you
kidding and this makes me wanna cry
look at these I'm so excited to try this
yeah I just stopped Anika from eating
him before receiving like to take him
out it's really hard to share with Sam
there's seriously so many letters and
cards and pictures packages that we want
to share
say thank you for we don't know how to
do that quite yet we don't know how to
put switch there we don't know how to
put that in a video if anyone has any
good ideas if we should just do a video
dedicated that I don't know like maybe
when we're pinning them up on the wall
or something will but we are seriously
so grateful honestly like my heart like
I'm a sensitive guy sometimes and I just
like I feel for you guys and you guys
are so generous and nice so maybe born
in college don't know we are so grateful
you guys are so nice we have the best
YouTube family you know and you know
what stuff like this isn't what like
buys love or this or that we always have
appreciated you guys but we're just
blown away it makes us like we want to
do more for you we feel like we don't do
enough yeah but we don't want you to
feel obligated to send us anything no
one should feel obligated it's fun to
read the letters those are my favorite
things to read your guys's experiences
watching our videos and how they affect
your lives because I feel like sometimes
our videos are just like whatever and
then you guys are like hey it got me
through a tough time and it's like
seriously it's this is awesome so
letters are great a picture you know
don't go up to out of your way if you
can okay guys love you oh someday I will
pay you guys back I don't know how I
need we'll figure this out maybe extra
dancing I don't know I know I don't know
we don't know how to say thank you I
said yesterday on Twitter a twenty
thousand subscriber dance party is an
order once that happens so you better
get your dance moves ready oh man I
might dance him out of me though
whatever doing the video knows and
didn't like anyways we love you guys
we'll see you guys tomorrow love you
family car please
we'll see you tomorrow there's a grown
girl she's in there crying like bawling
