happy Saturday everybody i dunno it's
Saturday
we're so fancy and we're going to ikea
again today I'm gonna get something okay
so last we went i'm prepared to ikea so
we're going more prepared this time i
did a lot of research labs or this past
week would have been home alone to the
side like what we actually want so now
we know what we want so we're actually
going pretty much a irrational so we did
some research we found the ones that we
want and we found out that ikea as good
deal so right so we're going back to
ikea and we're getting some dressers
we're not leaving without those dressers
they better have John almost went a
couple times about me yeah I almost want
a couple times this week's I've just
what I wanted to get something done I
want to get done like then and neck and
like right then so I've been working on
my patients so yeah so we're going to
ikea and we're gonna take you now this
one is just so beautiful just makes you
wanna burst into song doesn't it okay
maybe that's just me I just want to
burst in the thumb when the weather's
nice it's seriously so nice day it feels
like someone will be fair you means
everywhere puppies everywhere Papa is
having a puppy fair to make people come
to her store I guess grand opening puppy
fair and puppy puppies puppies mommy
puppies buy me a puppy dad kiddies you
know puppy Wow no I was just though no
definitely Wow so first time we've ever
done princess parking for me just
kidding who's basically princes park in
class and we were parked all the way out
don't carry that big thing no they have
little things cards there we go you can
see it but that man in there is nothing
he doesn't like IKEA you must be waiting
for the wife the wife to come out
hey sir welcome to sams bachelor man
cave welcome after a feature in this
cave is the light right there right
behind the oh it changes colors now
we're in the kitchen she has much the
shade towards recently they went to ikea
just like us and said something like we
did about doing a show so today we are
going to be using mustard and ketchup
and tongs to make a pit stop okay my
custard custard oh ok now in bathroom
now or in a bedroom they're so
mesmerizing this very creepy lamp is how
many dollars Sam it's the corpse bride
man nine dollars for this very creepy
creepy lamb for the corpse bride ma'am
the corpse bride look at that it's like
a 22 I don't think I'm jable having that
light anywhere near me I'm pushing this
thing is hilarious yeah it keeps going
off track and it's so it guys we got
stuff in my Kia yeah
it's like a little dance just trying to
do that thing my strong hand husband did
it you got everything in the car all by
himself those things are heavy man hello
now it's just trying to get them out of
the car and up to our apartment check it
under there here we go we actually got
stuff for apartment for the first time
ever I didn't the first time ever just
like decorating stuff and like this
picture just 22 pictures people say I
once you get older weekends aren't even
weekends anymore it's just like building
fixing doing yard cleaning yeah puppies
oh they do get puppy ball oh oh my gosh
did the puppy on like a little fuel oh
that's so funny let's get one we're not
have dogs you're right we're about to
have a baby dog the baby is gonna be
like a good dog the be the puppy will be
a baby baby's best friend ok let's go
that one ok we're not gonna get on the
it's gonna bust a skirt it's up to this
animal cruelty I've been riding the tail
five minutes left in this game right
there this skirts are shown by carrying
it just told me that grown girl and
she's in there crying like bawling like
her brother someone came it was like
don't worry all the puppies will find it
home I hope all those will be signed at
home they were so cute oh I just wanted
to cuddle all of them but ladies and
gents that with first puppy bowl I've
ever been to we just found Sam's open
Sam's grandparents old house yeah this
is where we used to always come as kids
and law in high school summer you know
their family trips to Utah they'd come
stay here at the grandparents house yeah
and we just found it cuz it's in our
same area how crazy never thought that
you'd be making full circle no I camps
back there and stuff I'm living in the
same place where your grandparents lived
oh cool yadira tribute
I'm vlogging 10 bloggers your thought
cuz if I could have any blogging camera
did this sony way but it's five hundred
dollars so maybe someday because this is
this was awesome like that it's crazy
presume with time do not hey Mac and
zoom out oh no I'm dead all the right I
get hit super close in my face uh well
it's just like it no it's like perfect
crap like this one rose the camera huh I
had a casa fun I've never even heard of
that is like sweet focusing what's the
guys videos you watch MK h be something
like that he is awesome tech review
videos and he talks about this movie
yeah mom knows some techy stuff yeah Sam
will link his page because we he stands
watching his videos for a long time and
he's blown up though he feels like
millions of subscribers now so yeah you
felt I heard of him if you watch tech
videos if you're a little a little key
if you want to take videos yesterday was
such a busy day and I can't believe
that's all the footage we got I thought
we had more than that there's no like
six or seven minutes I really yeah it's
really like super busy after a show me
life again Oh mom that's okay we wanted
to show you to the art pieces we picked
out yesterday this isn't the official
tour yet but this is one of the things
we got don't worry this is from ikea so
it's affordable yeah it's alena we're
not buying super expensive artwork yep
it's a little fishbowl thing it's like
that it's like 3d it turn to see ya so
we're thinking about putting it in the
bathroom like here or we're thinking
about putting it right here right let's
see any like a zoomed out view right
there or back over here one more time
what do you guys think or in the
bathroom like au chocolat paper right
there or maybe higher probably right
there no too high tonight right there
then you can't put tells it I don't know
we're not good at this guy's so do you
guys think case over here or in the
bathroom I kind of liked in the bathroom
but it's kind of cool almighty over here
I don't know alright this is the other
piece we bought I don't know what kind
of animal that is but he's riding a bike
and we kind of like oh you just think it
was so funny yeah we really like that
for some reason trying to see it with
the glare thought lighter than it
appears in the camera right now hi I was
kind of you alone now it looks a little
bitter but we really like that dude so
we're gonna put them up somewhere
maybe in the family room I feel like
little man might be afraid of him he
just needs some lovin and then he won't
yeah you just thought he was cute funny
we like weird things to kind of quirky
things now all we have to do is buy more
frames i think we shake up some Oh Jenna
cos art yeah we probably will I need to
go through some cool stuff guys and
guess what else we got yesterday I don't
think it actually should bad but is that
dead poo pourri have we tried it out yet
yep we use it twice and guys it's
awesome it really works and makes your
bathroom smell like lemon II mints I
don't know lemony it really works so
guys seriously go try it out especially
if you know someone of a stinky poop
what I have my work cut out for me I
have a lot to do and such little time oh
man we got another one in here that we
got to put together but things are
starting to you know come together a
little bit more day by day how many of
you guys have heard of twitch TV not me
not jen i created an account on their
samick of vlogs last night and I'm gonna
start broadcasting when I play video
games or something I'm gonna go live and
have a camera going and the game going
so if anyone wants to like tune in and
chat and watch they can so maybe I'll
try that like they play you connect late
I don't know I'm new to it like I've
watched broadcast before but i just
created an account tested it last night
and someone was watching so it was kind
of fun so I'm gonna start doing that
twitch.tv / sanika blogs maybe i'll post
a link in the description and maybe I'll
even get on tonight and play for a
couple minutes if Jen lets me depends on
how much of that dresser we get done one
thing I forget to do is that some people
subscribe like new people every day so
if this is your first time watching a
video what's up my name is Sam that's
Jenna cut together worse Amika and
your question by the three of them QA
and we're gonna be changing the channel
a lot intro ending and different things
because you know what now that we know a
little bit more about YouTube we're
gonna fix things up and some of you guys
might not like that but it's for the
better of us is gonna yeah and I'll stop
lots of other comments coming through
yeah so anyways um thanks for watching
today and it'll be a great I have a
great weekend yeah a great weekend hope
you had a great weekend get back to work
on Monday if you work on sunday I'm
sorry go to choice alright guys we love
you will see you guys tomorrow
we'll see you tomorrow see what
