that's Friday thank goodness
on anybody has Bachir
cut me in two hello everybody is Friday
I'm not gonna pause and say what days it
cuz in Sam now he's still probably gonna
put all those clips and it is Thursday
Wednesday morning so it is Tuesday
morning I couldn't remember what date
was the entire week and now he's gonna
show you all of those clips oh boy
anyways I know it's Friday today woohoo
Friday yeah I haven't really done
anything today and just sitting on the
couch and hanging out and writing cards
and stuff so yeah ooh Sam's gonna be sad
that I didn't really look while he was
gone but I'd go anywhere guys it's hard
to vlog by yourself at home anyway she's
probably gonna be exhausted because he
went to bed away too late last night and
has had a very long day we shall see I
was wanting to go to Ikea because I
finally know what dressers I want and I
want to go like get them and just I hate
when things are still unorganized like
it's bookshelf right here with these
boxes of books like driving me nuts it's
driving me I just don't want it like
that I want at an angle
we just haven't moved it yet I'm just
like oh there's just things I don't like
when there's like I still have luggage
on the ground and I just want to get
organized I don't like being untidy I
just I'm just excited for a dresser but
we probably won't go until tomorrow I
don't know today I don't know what's
gonna happen so we shall see if anything
exciting happens later okay guys I'm
gonna go back to doing nothing until Sam
gets home so the next clip will probably
both of us woohoo goodbye yeah they had
a double wrap my burrito cuz it's so big
probably got naturally before its ears
your belly button in your shoe remember
when Kaylee was posting videos in case
you could see her belly button oh that
means you're getting closer
Oh would they say like the turkey you
know you put a little thermometer in and
it pops out it's ready to go
Rhett this world marketplace and we want
like stuff our walls Ganic life is
expensive
hey big class yeah
Robin your kitchen looks good we're
going with the giraffe theme we got a
draft notebooks draft everything lion
plate ostrich pillow Oh what is that
right there is that a jack of Jack
Rabbit yes I like this place look at all
these pops and things it's not gonna
store it's just kind of expensive kinds
that I would love to try weightless
under here pickley pear yeah comfy
you're in full comfy mode right now
family style my fellow Chicagoan
showed me this book
see Roger si Racha si Racha sour creams
you have to solve I'm pretty sure all
these recipes are just support some
sriracha and mix it with the other thing
so that's just the BJ I'm pretty sure if
I started cooking in this cookbook I
would really have to sleep in the other
room because Jenica enough I just cannot
stand the smell of sea rocks right now
maybe after the baby comes out I will be
able to but currently no I hate the
smell see Roger I don't think I'll ever
like it right the story is pretty cool
though it's kind of has like an
anthropology feel mixed with meats like
barrel no nut cream barrel I meant like
I don't know it's cool yeah so I was
watching a vlog like a week ago it was
the Joshua friends and his wife and they
go to the store sometimes just because
it's something to do they don't buy
anything we do that too
but I think I might have to get one of
these camouflage tube yeah actually no
you get so much oh wait that's next week
Euler yeah oh my gosh so much cooler
than though you get this free for
Memorial Day when the pool opens but I
don't know if I'd see you in the pool
because you just blend in they're all
camouflage I would not be able to see
you at all if you laid in that oh look
at this got a comfy it's beautiful night
that Dix is on fire
that big dude is
we're so in love with this Wow
you ever thought about getting your
eyebrows done just go to eyebrows design
21 you'll design any shape of eyebrow
you want you're going to Olay foods obey
foods market just saying it's really
whole foods with the W in nature worked
out
this must be jungle gym but it was Uncle
Jim the power just went out in our house
thanks Pam
oh sorry the entire complex the power is
without the night entire apartment
complex
see what happened it's like it's only 11
something oh gosh there's a little
screaming outside it's really creepy
though I don't like blackout makes me
want to know why there's blackout I had
this happen anyways to keep you posted
good news guys I found a flashlight
outside keep you posted never Oh
everywhere the power came back on while
we were in bed it awesome just Jen's
like I wonder the powers I'm oh no I had
to go beat and it was like - is somebody
in the morning and then I just was like
trying to see if it would turn the news
on so we don't know why it went out but
it's always kind of creepy so creepy
I hate it but we're back on I just can
tell it's back on hopefully doesn't go
ahead again yeah so this vlog was going
up a little late tonight because we had
some errands to run this morning and Jen
when he killed me how do we not gone out
and done them this morning right and
then we were just out all day we really
were like maybe it's not be cool who
knows yeah it was a busy day but we got
lots of stuff done and I got something
to address right now so there's no
basketball clips in today's vlog which
means I need to put some in did you guys
see the Nationals and the Shaytards
vlogs yesterday they're playing ball and
I was mentioned because she had a dream
about me I don't know how I feel about
that this is how Casey feels about it
watch this guy's so actually we need one
more person so Sam why aren't you here
dog yeah Sam she's in Salt Lake City
Utah were you chicken bro yeah get your
Jordans on and get out of here I
actually really what about you were
married to him no everything else you
can't mess with this yeah yeah you want
to take me on we'll look at my Posse son
right there
swoosh it Austin start over
oh we made it Sam
every time I'm on a camera shot though
you guys Austin's really good trust me
just take my word for it whatever the
dream was I'm sure it was sweet with
your face yeah if you're playing
basketball so this is what I want to
know about the dream who won were we on
the same team
and could i dunk because those I just
need to know socially if you're watching
this please let me know I hope that's
what you think of me that I can dunk can
you dunk I don't know um not anytime
soon if I keep eating the way I'm eating
I need to get in better shape so that I
can I believe I can okay I'm done I know
but really that I that was really funny
to watch I was getting like tweets at
work and it was a busy day so I was like
oh I gotta watch this so I went down to
get lunch and I was watching it in my
buddy Alex and Jen texted me like I
think Shay mentioned you in his vlog
today and I'm watching it's like hey Sam
you listening to him it's like yeah I
saw that and the husband I think you
made one basket I'm just playing man I
just can't wait till we actually play
together cuz it'll be a lot of fun we
hope you guys had a wonderful weekend
pottyin pottyin yeah daddy and padding
yeah yeah we've been reading all the
challenges you guys have been submitting
all I know you guys want to see like
what genic has got for the baby
maybe tomorrow we're gonna show some
mail and everything's like that because
you guys are flooding us with love and
honestly it's like every afternoon we
come home we get our mail and it's like
seriously guys seriously and we've been
reading your letters and Jenna has
written a thank-you note to no don't
tell Matt it's nice how do you guys feel
when the power goes out for some reason
it's like we bro I was I'm a grown man
and that's it sometimes I'm like scary
there's something about darkness and
there's something about the silence it's
like a good time because like everything
turns off the fridge technology except
for me tweeting and that's crazy it's
kind of scary you know Sam's like oh
let's go walk around that always makes
me think of my comment we need like a
better emergency preparedness kit
because what if the power went out for a
couple of days or forever like
revolution do you guys watch revolution
because the power goes out for years
and that would freak me do you guys have
any crazy stories like where the power
went out and you're like did you just
get scared
are you guys scared of that or we've
wimps all those two keepers sorry it's
okay
we'll see you tomorrow
banana oh oh but nah
