I'm eating a banana oh but nah don't
want anybody else to chew
magic coming in tier 2 I'm still eating
a banana
oh oh banana
another day another dollar hashtag let's
do it hashtag let's go hashtag yes hello
YouTube family
what day Thursday Wednesday morning so
it is Tuesday morning that's all right
yeah it's like Thursday I think it's
already the afternoon I haven't left the
house yeah except for taking exam to
work today I'm feeling much better I
don't know I was just exhausted or
something um so I'm trying doing this
whole blogging by yourself it's really
hard I don't know how you've solo
vloggers do it because and stay
interesting cuz you do and I'm like
bored of myself already and I'm sure you
guys are too so I apologize for that
things should be getting more exciting
here pretty soon like I'm gonna start
setting up the baby's room and I'll film
that setting up dressers and stuff like
that so I mean real exciting guys but
until then I'm kind of just getting
things ready and nesting doodles guys
hope you're having a good day
I'm feeling like just I really just want
I like I'm crazy okay another craving
guys no cravings really brew I just like
want to eat fruit all day long but I
guess it's good so I'm gonna have a
smoothie and I even throw them keep them
right spinach I was making these a lot
last summer and I got this nutribullet
for my birthday from my father I was so
I decided to get back to that and start
making students again out of like real
fruit and stuff cuz they're delicious
and this also guys another symptom thing
I guess that's been changing with
pregnancy that I forgot to put in the
update video no cravings really those
charley horses oh my gosh my calves have
been cramping like nobody's business
it's terrible I've been waking up that
happens like not every night but every
few nights and last night I had terrible
oh no no not Wednesday morning I think
so it is Tuesday morning
last night but yesterday morning I had a
terrible one and my cat is still sore
it's terrible I hate that that's like
the newest thing that's been talking
lately
my back still hurting pretty bad and
charley horses that I hate charley
horses
hello beautiful for those of you were
wondering to just tease ombre spinach
strawberries and then like a little
berry blood
just like that you the delicious cheese
juice smoothie whatever I don't know
what it is it's pretty liquidy mmm
sipping smile oh it looks like poop with
the color but oh there we go yeah it's
not very pretty looking what sure tastes
good
it's not quite sweet enough so I'm gonna
put in a banana and you go oh but nah I
a nap get you look thank you cutting
those strawberries guys Jenica made me
dinner this like the third or fourth day
in a row that Jen's made me dinner
look at you class so cute she may
dystrophy as de Papa's jazz I remember
that vlog when gender the how to run how
to make this cooking with Jenica how
many of you guys have seen that vlog
look at that looks good a little chef to
you I'm trying I told you it was my goal
that's awesome yes sorry
little avocado si Racha padilla de papa
me lady and head bass master check out a
little jealous I'm a basketball
especially playing tonight look at this
sure Jen I try to attempt the
three-pointers everyone in the last we
just said Sam's foot was on the line
which technically it was we still made
15 he still made 15 in a row anyways
let's see let's see if he can do it
again you just got to start further back
babe I don't know
this is for all the haters
after further review it's good
my foot was behind the line
BAM so one system can make enough quick
shot and sunshine or let's see if you
can do in ten tries okay baby I'll you
ball haters out there hitting on my boo
thing no I just called Sam boo thing
that was oh here he goes again
whoa that was for all the haters say my
foot was on the line I did it again for
you guys and I hit a half-court shot
haters gonna hate haters gonna hate
ooh everyone say to all of them yeah I
just want to say thank you tell those
that support me and thank you to all
those that hate and drive me to keep
going this one's for you ready tena koe
just wants to make one granny shot she
says look at that stance
yeah three-pointer look at that stance
oh yeah little man better become out a
baller that's all ya say just don't
shoot like Jen oh man when you watch
this later
don't shoot like her it's that stance
though
the whole person cuz it stretches me
good point good point she's like your
mama I dropped it
Jenna's currently doing five laps around
the court and they're funny little shoes
because she wants a little exercise I
think she's crazy but cool cool and
crazy five let's go thank you
oh my gosh hmm guys I'm almost eight
months pregnant I can still touch my
toes that's only because I have a really
long torso that's why everyone says I
look like I'm carrying solo well I just
got a lot of room right here my toes
Coldplay CD go get it 5:19 I hadn't been
to target in a minute so I had to come
you know check it out and see if it was
still the same any minutes argue lately
it's been a minute guys decide to come
back have you guys seen those starburst
minis that are unwrapped I've all Jenica
wants right now cuz she doesn't like
cookies or three desserts I told you you
did this to me this is your fault
normally have you guys seen those though
they don't have the wrapper on them so
just like starburst after starburst
look at this
starburst minis and their unwrapped
we're getting lazy and lazier everyday
guys I don't hate any of you I love you
all until Jenica yep this is all fun and
games although I mean we do have video
evidence of Jenica hitting more shots
than Austin but no awesome we know
you're actually yeah everybody that game
will happen one day but guys until then
keep sending the challenges in
half-court shots three-pointers what's
next
amp it up a little bit okay but although
Sam is pretty clutch on camera you know
it does we film a few times I didn't
include all that makes okay cuz a couple
times I've made like seven or only I
missed one right but yeah he's pretty
good on camera okay but you know we know
Austin's really good too yeah so anyways
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog so we all
know I said basketball and I need to
address something apparently Shea is
dreaming about me in case he has some
funny ideas I dream about you all the
time
