I think Brandon Kaitlyn won for best
present ever given
hey don't run down there just stay right
over here okay
PJ's stay over here oh my gosh look at
mom we did look at mom
oh my gosh keep it clean up honey it's
gonna go out Wow bubble face bubble
phase you take the bathroom those
bubbles right now oh my goodness
good morning sweet world we are leaving
our Airbnb today quick tour there's
three stories that was the top straight
Caitlyn and Brandon has a really nice
bathroom me too
you come down the stairs you can take it
down there and see what's going on giant
we're here another room here's where the
kids slept
Noah's here Penelope was here that one
well no I really did it was okay
Ezra me and January Rachel's here for a
night nice little white tree bathroom a
plant come downstairs
art kitchen eating area picture of a
beach really uncomfortable couch futon
thing and a TV and there's a bathroom
down here there's actually a really nice
place for us it's perfect - because you
really only want to sleep here you're
out hunting things so you don't really
need like that your space to sit like
the uncomfortable couch who cares I
forgot to film that we made it to my
dad's your fever good to know
Rachel see they're sweaty lovely hey
don't move your finger I think this is
my only clip this morning was bubbles so
handsome so let's just say if they do
wave at everyone fun fact about my dad's
next-door neighbours is where the writer
gets this house was owned by Rodriguez
family on HGTV who knew like the Turk he
was friends with Turk and his wife on
the flip or flop show and then he got
his own show with his wife let me know
if you watched that show because that's
their old house they still live next
door of my dad pretty cool anyway you've
had a nice very very very relaxing day I
took a nap with Noah for two hours this
took a three hour nap put goes on longer
I made her wake up so she'll go to bed
tonight got his work done spend a nice
day Louis breezes nice in the shade
I take low cause that's how he steals
low cuts from local college these
colleges are really pretty
cuz campuses Noah was obsessed with his
Aunt Rachel she's been catering to his
every Beck and call so is my dad
it's been so fun but you tried some
sunglasses are those Rachel's she's
clean Rachel Peters cleaning off your
sunglasses for you I'm gonna clean up
sis clean them have you cleaned him one
day one day I saw my guys there's
nothing hot she learned that she's seen
me go and we rub my glasses off do it
wonderland going through the hole oh I'm
in a bush oh it's a little imprint and
they get up on the backup oh it's really
awesome and become better onto the field
Obama the very moment captured on
selling lizards no I didn't know that
there's lizards in Arizona
- oh he does it when we get back we're
gonna look for some lizards yeah
just like that we're back we're watching
the Disneyland vlogs hey pay attention
to me pay attention to me pay attention
to me pay attention do you like to
Disneyland yeah
the drive really wasn't bad at all it
took five hours hours exactly I think
just about five to six hours to me is
just like if we did it every single
weekend they do a lot but for a little
car trip it's really not that bad and
the kids actually sometimes behave
better in the car than they do outside
of the car right there very peaceful in
the car most the time not gonna wait for
the next time yes it's not bad not bad
at all pretty excited to look closer
it'll be good we're sad that we didn't
get to see Jen's mom she was with my mom
today that's true ever in Chicago this
weekend she won't get to see her again
another time yeah we didn't get to see
Andrew but he might be coming here Ted
at his video his movie not just his
video his movie that he wrote in he
filmed I think they're wrapping up
filming Wednesday so he might come to
our house and use one of our computers
to edit because he doesn't feel like his
computer could handle it feels good I
actually this is not sponsored but I I
changed the temperature of the house
from the collar to have it nice and cool
when we came home cuz I turned it up
when we left how we did that video at
nest on Instagram and Twitter that I'm
not I'm just like real life guys it's an
awesome feature do we mention we live
close to a Trader Joe's so I was cooking
up some pasta right now did you enjoy
the trip I didn't I love that
the culture Kaitlyn and Brennan - yes oh
my gosh that was so fun makes me want to
like do more trips with friends they're
like all friends I know let's do some
more trips they just were so good to the
kid huh they were the best this week I
need to get a haircut we need to sign up
for a gym membership Jen still needs to
cancel her end of the gym membership
from Logan and on Thursday I'm actually
flying back to Utah for the extinct TV
premiere I was in one of the episodes as
an extra so they offered to fly me out
I'm doing an escape room with Dejan I
invited Kevin to go the premiere so he's
available I signed him up it'll be fun I
don't even hear the episode well
obviously not the first episode we're in
airs I feel like it's gonna be like such
a little glimpse I think yeah there's
they're shown the first one and it's
like casual dress hors d'oeuvres will be
served so that would be cool and then a
week later we'll actually be flying up
for wedding so guys I still can't get
over this part Noah's I did or at the
roller coaster his first roller coaster
and he loved it he hands up in the air
and everything was the cutest thing ever
to end today's vlog now they're waiting
more settled in at home I was wondering
what kind of videos you guys would like
to also see aside from just vlogs if you
want to see more challenge videos I also
move you guys photography videos if you
want to see more chin art videos what do
you guys want to see post in the
comments and I'll be checking it out so
you guys tomorrow
look
pace goodnight there for you guys Mario
Pete
those of you that made it to the end of
this vlog the secret clip you are my
people I want to give away these LEGO
sets that I set out anyway not so now
that we're here we have tons of stuff
that we've been wanting to give away so
let's do it
I got two LEGO sets all you have to do
is leave a comment on today's vlog I
have a website that will randomly select
a comment from the video some of the
randomly select two of you guys the
rules are though you can't comment more
than once okay if I see that you have
more than one comment and I pick you
disqualified see in the comments these
are pretty cool sent from Lego
themselves ATM heist battle and then one
that's a little bit bigger
beware of the vulture pretty awesome
