what's up my peeps another day another
dollar hashtag let's get it hashtag
Dress for Success hashtag this girl's
great hashtag I know I should stop with
the hashtags but what's up good morning
and let's do it
get it on anybody has to choose cut me
into two hey guys it is Wednesday
morning I think yeah pretty sure it's
Wednesday morning so it is Tuesday
morning
Wow losing my mind Sam's wouldn't work
for a few hours it's already like 12:30
and I am just getting ready to leave
home I just I'm not feeling my best
today kind of one of those block days
where you just don't feel 100% I don't
know if it's like last weekend finally
like catching up with me and now I'm
like it's just like hitting me all at
once like oh you're tired or whatever
it's the baby grooming or what I don't
know I'm just not feeling so hot today
but I decided to sleep in a little bit
and get a little extra rest I'm
listening to my body and wanted more
sleeps like more sleep
the first time in a little while okay so
I'm at work right now technically during
the vlog but I wanted to tell you guys
how it works doing work is kind of
intense I've had like eight hours of
training straight every single day so
far so it's like being at school for
eight hours but I'm enjoying it but I
come home and I'm like exhausted I feel
like I've just been learning in my brain
is just jam-packed but it's getting
better and I'm learning more and I'm
having a lot of fun I think the coolest
thing about work so far well the people
I work with are awesome another cool
thing is that there's fully-stocked
break rooms and like side rooms places
to eat so I'm basically gonna get fat
unless I start working out and watching
what I eat because I literally snack all
day in a little better though my first
day was a little rough but I'm getting
better but yeah I'm gonna go run some
errands get out of the house maybe if I
do something it'll get me feeling better
so I still haven't finished laundry guys
walking all the way to the laundromat is
hard with all the laundry we have to do
so that's to do like one load
also I hope all of you guys are having a
great day I hope you're having a
wonderful hump day and that schools goin
great or work or whatever you're doing
and that you're just having a wonderful
day relaxing or doing lots of stuff and
being busy Sam's really busy right now
hey I'm still technically at work but
guess what I'm not because I'm recording
this and well I really am but my friend
Alex the a kdz the Grizz gave me these
shoes for my birthday if you guys know
me I love shoes and he hooked me up he's
talked to me and he's like dude you know
sometimes you just gotta buy gifts with
people you love Alex you're the man I
love you too
look what are just gone I know behind
with like beauty products I might know
means a beauty person um I just like it
for fun when I first started watching
YouTube like years ago
I only watched like Beauty doors just
cuz I thought they were like really fun
to watch I just really enjoyed that I
watched I started watching Beauty two
doors before vlog it's just what I like
to do when I'm like just doing nothing
I'll watch like beauty stuff even though
I don't personally want ever make that
type of channel or do that type of thing
cuz I would be terrible at it
I like watching other people do it I
just got this sponge because I really
wanted it and I have graduation money
still so I got that just now with
graduation money I'm really excited to
try it
um I really don't have a lot of makeup I
hardly wear makeup but I think it's fun
and I would wear more if I had more but
I don't so I'm slowly like getting
little things here in there just cuz I
like it and it's fun for me even though
I don't want to like tell people how to
do their makeup because I don't know how
to do my own makeup that's why I watch
other people do their makeup any of that
makes sense but anyways I just treated
myself since I'm not feeling good to
Ulta anyway I don't even go get
groceries now I just wanted to show you
my meal Blender coz I'm excited to try
it tomorrow anyways I'm done rambling
okay bye
there's a lot of footage from other
vlogs that we haven't put in the vlog
yet and it's like we don't wanna get rid
of them we want to still use that
footage so here's some random footage of
Jenna cos dad at cracking necks
if you in the LA area this is my father
and he's a chiropractor and he's the
best in LA ideal situations black market
chiropractic
let's listen to the crack this is highly
unorthodox
you can relax this Paul Guerrero of
muscle working and located in southern
Los Angeles so wait Jenny the best
chiropractor in the business listen my
sister's still scared of this my dad
will work out your kings like nobody
house that muscle works inc located in
gongura california hi if you're in LA
gandora vista Glendora bandura vista
he'll crack you real good yeah take a
look at that baby
since i'm not feeling too hot today i
decided to go with that smoothie and I
decided to go real fruit my first step
I've been buying so it's like
strawberries and bananas and just a
little bit of the frozen medley I got
and some yogurt it's really good
hopefully this will help me feel but
better today guys change is crazy when I
experienced change it makes me feel
super uncomfortable and it's like kind
of stressful the changes in our life
right now have not made me that stress
but it's just made me kind of tired
it's crazy what change does to you
sometimes I just like living my normal
life doing my normal thing and I'm
slowly starting to see that creep back
into my life not like bad habits or
laziness or this or that but just
getting used to living here living in
this area getting a new job but you know
we're going
with a big thing and change in a couple
days or a couple weeks with a baby I was
watching the Shaytards and I met old on
oh oh oh that over there wait for some
reason our pictures on it's like Google+
thing but we're down there I slice down
there on the screen this is hilarious Oh
oh wait oh there's Sam's forehead oh
there we are
I thought that was so funny
I was watching his vlog was like hey
wait that was me video hey this house
Sam talks on my phone he pays it all
last night is asleep everyone hi all me
hi and we looked at buying when I got in
bed last night I was it some of y'all
might think I'm just unhealthy AnnaLynne
drink and pop and eating bad food I like
water to drink a lot of water today when
I do drink water I drink it quickly
I don't like how you drink water I don't
like we does this barking
and I don't do bar refreshed what's up
YouTube fam we are doing a hangout live
right now look it there's me vlogging me
doing your hangout live there's Tyler oh
when I talk it to me though you have to
say something hey Kevin what's up hey
what's up Kevin cam should we tell the
story or now after all day we were
texting I was like okay fine I like you
and he said I like you too will you be
my girlfriend it's official guys my
bellybutton is another person look at
that thing
it is pop oh my bellybutton is crazytown
oh my gosh by the way I'm feeling better
I think I just need to rest more anyways
okay I'll stop swim everyone's butt is
so squishy I wish you guys could just
like squish it okay that's weird
alright bye bye Jenica has gone from
wearing her clothes to wearing my
clothes and not my clothes
that's a fit anyway so you wasn't going
anywhere today so I wanted to be comfy I
know it's just funny how like this year
it's turning into belly shirts literally
and I'm really not like huge I think
okay tell your story in the hangout last
night I teased and said I was gonna tell
a story about a concert I went to well
one time senior year I went to an Elton
John concert with three of my good guy
friends we showed up to the concert and
we were walking in this guy pulled us
aside and he was like hey you guys want
VIP tickets front row and I was like
yeah really what's the catch though cuz
this just seems like it's too good to be
true
and he said well I'm gonna give you VIP
tickets and you guys can keep yours so
we're like okay cool cool cool he's like
well Elton John likes to have cute young
men on the front row
yes that happened and we took the
tickets and we partied with Elton John's
buddies not in a weird way tried to buy
his drinks they tried to dance with us
no not really but we did it went to the
concert front row people were going
crazy trying to get up throwing things
up I just like kept walking up after
each number and yelled John like stuff
to sign and this and that and that is
the condensed fast version of my own
John concert sorry I still like know he
likes cute boys on the front row it was
this cute face on the front row did he
sing me songs too yeah yeah he was like
on the piano he's like anyways yeah I
don't know I just told that story but I
said I was going to in the Hangout last
night have you guys seen the hangout
holds two hours long so don't go watch
it we'll do another one soon for the
people from the other side of the
country or mean world other side of the
world
yeah yes yes we're trying to figure out
a time like on a weekend earlier in the
day I got a Saturday or Sunday where we
can get everybody involved so you guys
time to do that again I think it was fun
yes I realize I talk too much though I
need to only talk more I really do well
they're hearing me I'm noting these
vlogs cuz I'm home alone all day guys
sorry for talking too much
guys sorry for me talking too much I'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
we'll see you tomorrow
