hey guys so it is Tuesday morning yeah
I'm pretty sure it's Tuesday and Sam is
at work and I'm just about to go do some
laundry or attempt to do some laundry we
really thought we'd be done with laundry
mat that got to use the laundromat today
hopefully hopefully hopefully within
this month though that will get like our
own washer and dryer keep your fingers
crossed for us when anybody has to
choose cut me into two anyway so I'm
gonna do that and then my doctor's point
was actually today so around three or
something I'm gonna go head down to my
first appointment with my new doctor I
thought it was monday until a lot of you
probably were like how was your doctor
appointment but it's actually today
surprise so I'm gonna go to that later
and just hang out the day I'm not
running to my errands or anything like
that just kind of laying low cuz I'm
pretty tired today um so yeah we'll see
how everything goes 2 l's later gay guys
I'm off to my doctor's appointment
hopefully everything goes well I think
everything's fine i mean everything
feels normal he just moves a ton so
we'll go see how he's doing and I wish
dad could be with me but it's okay it's
just probably another preliminary you
know like five minute check up things so
let's hope my I like my doctor I'm sure
I will she seems like she was gonna be
really nice so here we go and a lot of
you guys have been wondering um how far
I'm 34 weeks tomorrow so I'm almost 30
yeah 34 weeks tomorrow wow that's crazy
it's going by so fast and I can't
believe it and I just keep thinking he's
gonna come early and we're not ready for
him to come yet so hopefully within
these next couple weeks he decides to
not come super early and he just stays
in there and we are able to get the
house all complete and put together so
but yeah let's go see how he's doing
oh my goodness longest appointment ever
oh you guys I had my appointment I left
my house at like 230 ish and it is four
o'clock now I was so forever I had to be
there early to like do paperwork and
stuff which is totally fine my
appointment wasn't technically to act
till three I didn't actually see the
doctor until 340 I was a forever and
then the point which were you just five
minutes long you know they took the
heartbeat and everything looked great
everything was great Harvey was strong
and everything and I was fine but it was
just a long time waiting but what can
you do they're busy people those doctors
just way too many pregnant women right
now they're gonna start having weekly
checkups so baby to be coming if he's
coming ah scary babies actually coming
soon oh man we've gotta figure out a
name for him he's gonna be here before
we know it I gotta get his room put
together here we go craziness is about
to happen guys hey guys so I'm about to
go leave to pick up salmon a little bit
but I needed to get some change so I
decided to just make a little pit stop
at sonic I felt like I deserved a little
treat after my after getting lost and
then having to wait forever and then
yeah so I got myself a little treat to
break the 20 I needed to break no
cravings really that's not funny this is
definitely worse than a cookie isn't it
I got a slush oops oh well how many of
you guys think Sam looks like Jimmy
Fallon zero guys really he and Jimmy
Fallon could be brothers Jimmy Fallon is
my celebrity crush which is cool because
Sam is my actual crash and they look
this good you do look like Jimmy Fallon
oh yeah like you they could be brothers
though they could be brothers maybe
second cousins no brothers he looks more
like Jimmy found then I look like my
siblings Jimmy Fallon there he goes
here we go here we go
I rushed us out of bed Austin that was
for you and I think Samuel Parker who
challenged me next challenge you guys
and that hoop was really wobbly wobbly
wobbly looks like a painting this isn't
gonna go on though it's for you Austin
don't lose your ball I have to switch it
before I get off the court it's just
like superstition so I've to swish it
around this is like what would i look
like right now I look like I have a
basketball in my shirt
the challenge down ten three-pointers in
a row yeah more than that 15 another 30
I'm off my back three years 15 wow he
looks so peaceful just son going behind
you so that beautiful son I'm always
being shy who's just moving like crazy
hey guys kind of a quick vlog today um
we just did a Google hangout for two
hours that's why this vlog is going up
so late and jenica hey but you know what
we want to give away the Sheep cupcake
and we've already decided who were gonna
give it away to and that is kili kili is
one of the first people to send us a
drawing and we want to give her
something back and she started our fan
pages yeah she did she drew this salmon
kabobs a while back what's up YouTube
fam this my YouTube fan pick and our
latest work is this one right here dr.
pepper Plus coconut plus line is a dirty
Dr Pepper baby Kealy we got your mail
and we think you deserve this because
you've been awesome we wanted to call
you during the hangout tonight but you
know what getting this is better
hopefully I so she cupcake it's a sleeve
cupcake but we're gonna sign the bum
right now which we say we're doing a
sign in the bottom oh I don't know I
thought we're just gonna know oh I don't
know it okay just a little bit oh dang a
little tattoo nice to be here we hope
you like the cupcake ah see there you go
Keeley this is coming your way yeah so
hopefully you like it we just want to
give back I mean it's not much but your
art is awesome and you've been sending
us stuff and guys we've got a lot more
letters and different things but we want
to share those like once a week which is
not today so maybe like on Sunday or
something i'm not sure but thanks guys
this has been crazy crazy
mmm anywho I hope you guys caught the
google hangout today for some reason I
don't know if it posted on our feet or
what did people find it or did they find
it from the tweet we had a lot of
problems beast like to begin with we
first started we had 10 people in we
wanted everyone be able to watch when a
child's channel he actually backed out
of the Hangout then we put it on our
channel and we hung out for two hours he
having a piss channel cuz we couldn't
get both of us what you back and forth
yeah there's just problems lots of
connotations will smooth it out so I'm
gonna post the link in the description
it's two hours you guys don't have to
watch it but if you want to O be there
and we're gonna do another one soon for
all the people that live across the
other side of the country the world sama
cafe mocha is a global the YouTube fan
so it was fun hanging out Tyler geophone
yeah it was really fun I didn't realize
so many people were watching it's funny
now I'm realizing it and I'm like I was
just eating the entire time hey we'll
see us tomorrow be
