today is May 12 2014
today is the first day of work for the
rest of my life
here's to working for the next 40 ish
years got mouths to feed hashtag with
hashtag excited come in tier 2 there he
goes
my first first day of work in the real
world so far that guy oh let me babe
whoa guys ok so I was just about to like
hop in the shower and get ready for the
day and then the doorbell rang what you
ho ho ho ho
there's everything like the doorbell
ringing just like freaks me out I go to
the door and no one's there but two big
boxes of Huggies wipes seriously I'm
like about to cry I have no idea like
there's no name on like who sent them or
what but there's like huge things of
life in here like three huge things
wipes in each box
you know buddy wipes that is that's like
over a hundred blowouts I think I might
cry it's just so nice I have no idea how
these even got to my house oh wait from
yeah it just says Target Indianapolis
coming from Indianapolis send me wipes
who are you you angel of a person who
sent me all these wipes I just want to
die of happiness oh wait wait Matthew
Reynolds is there a mr. Matthew Reynolds
on the YouTube world who follows us and
sent us all these wipes Thank You
Matthew you guys
seriously thanks Matthew
hey guys so Sam's at work and today for
me I'm basically just going to be doing
a lot of like little errands if you have
to figure out how to get a laundry cart
I'm gonna do that right now
last night the machine in our money I
hate when that happens when we shouldn't
eat your money it's the worst thing in
the world
super fun day hopefully exciting things
happen
weeks later so last night Sam and I went
to try to do laundry and we need a
laundry cart so it ate our money and
today I went to get a laundry cart from
the office and I was like oh yeah our
money I probably should have said it
louder or been like hey can I get that
back but I'm just gonna pretend that she
would tell myself that the person who
did get that five dollars needed it more
than I did you know the person who got
that five dollars for the laundry really
needed it who knows what else is in
stole for the day
hey guys so I just finished all my
errands I was just running around like a
mad woman trying to get this stuff done
quickly cuz I'm starving hey the Albany
yeah I know I'm gonna go home and rest
for a little bit except the P so bad and
eat so bad
cuz I'm pregnant and that's all you do
is eatin P I hope Sam's having a good
day I think he is I texted him once and
he just responded like in a short text
back so I think he's kind of busy so we
shall hopefully hear from him later
eventually their first day of work great
I'm so sorry asleep hey guys first day
in the books new job and we're at in and
out to celebrate yeah I'm kind of tired
I look tired I don't think I slept well
I probably fell asleep around two I am
and then at 3 a.m. I like woke up I
thought it was light outside so I
started getting in my head I was like oh
I gotta get up and get ready I just want
to be late first day right but it was a
good day and maybe I'll mention more
about it
in a couple minutes plus I got to come
home and see this girl excited to see
you except she fell asleep I know I was
worrying all day I was like I can't be
late we kept saying I can't be late and
then I am late it's all good all good
forgiven she's awesome no you're awesome
I slept for two hours she's pregnant as
she's giving birth to human beings I'm
just gonna push that out right now guys
look at them prepare the hamburgers the
cheeseburgers get an inside look look at
that guys flip them look at that girl
put the lettuce
oh yeah just wrap it up so pretty it's
the calm after the storm we still live
by a really pretty moment this one's
even bigger than the one in Logan it
feels like we're on an island maybe when
it's really green that's cool
it's like we're in another country my
mom is obsessed with that waffle burrito
thing she hasn't even tried it but she
wants you so bad one of these days I'm
gonna get that breakfast waffle for you
mama I'm not trying it do you not do
this ever do not eat this food ever bad
for you bad for you bad for you good for
me bad for you
one smile it's good to celebrate because
we haven't had an out in like forever
right oh that you're not creating
anything you did this to me to about
those cookies I vote for you
but who's he menu um I like three zero
hello dude
ah I just wanna touch your faces
we are vlogging with Tyler and Haley and
it is mommy my face hurts from smiling
and laughing how is scary
the cat just went crazy it's funny
though because we can relate to him a
lot of different levels sports
personality yeah she's probably this big
and I'm this big it's been really fun
though but we restarting right now cuz
Tyler said it sounds like we're wearing
masks yeah it keeps echoing stupid
computer I should say family to turn the
camera on to say they are so awesome
again because I think Tyler and Haley
are so awesome honestly to the coolest
people I've ever not met but men just
want hug them they're the best sounds
like a little puppy tonight just excited
home and then we're skyping people what
Jenn doesn't realize is that on a normal
day we split apart like I go into work I
go to school and I usually don't
or some reason today being my first day
of work she was just like I'm alone even
oh actually I was okay I was okay I'd
gone that then yeah yeah anyway it was a
great day Hailey and Tyler your awesome
awesome
Hey Jenica fell asleep watching youtube
again so I'm ending the vlog today but
seriously though she fell asleep
watching YouTube a lot of you guys have
been sending mail and packages lately
and we want to start just like sharing
that with you guys once a week we got
the same mica wall that we're gonna be
putting back up the YouTube fan wall
with all your guys art letters and
things like that we're super excited
about that we need to buy a little bit
more cork board but you guys are blowing
us away with how kind and nice you guys
are we have the best YouTube fame in the
world it's just one big family and are
you like your week early she seriously
deserves all the rest you can get that
oh yeah you do you need to sleep anyways
like we were saying you guys have
watched tribe Tyler today he talked
about how we're gonna be doing a google
hangout very soon like tomorrow
Wednesday May 14th and I think we might
be calling people first and then having
like I don't even know how it's gonna go
down yet but we're gonna post links in
class you're gonna be fun yeah we'll
keep you updated on Twitter so keep an
eye for that maybe we'll post a video or
something stay tuned to the Twitter's
check the video whatever and hopefully
you guys can join us because it's gonna
be me this gal right here Tyler and
Jenica and it's gonna be me
Jenica Tyler and Hailey and the Hangout
I don't know how it's gonna go down yet
it's gonna be fun yeah might be that
I'll be square exactly exactly what she
said Tyler and Haley are two the cools
people we know I know we said so many
times they're awesome but they are we
look up to them and they're really cool
Pete so we can't wait because it was
really fun hanging out right and so come
hang out with us all yeah anyways I got
this friend he's gonna end the vlog
today so we'll see you guys tomorrow
we'll see you tomorrow please now I look
huge Oh
