want anybody else but cheap magic cut me
into two happy Sunday YouTube fam we
just got home from church and it was
good Church church church Joe Detroit
not a Turk jody jess little better but
go to church go to church about to make
my baby this garlic herb butter and
spinach beef pinwheels steak hopefully
it looks like this picture there's a lot
of women in my life that I appreciate
sisters that's girl I guess whatever my
mom so happy mother's day to all you
beautiful women and ladies in the world
who are motherly figures or mothers or
grandmothers or aunts or important
figures in other people's lives or maybe
your puppy do you have a mommy and
you're watching this and you speak
English or you are a mom to a puppy
happy Mother's Day is all the mamas out
there for all the newborn puppies and
kittens so we're I think someone's a
little tired tired still a special
shout-out to my mom into this guy's mom
well I and my stepmom I have two moms I
have three months I have a lot of moms
what letters can so happy Mother's Day
everybody how do you feel about being
momsen um I don't know it has like
you're already a mom because like you
literally coloration all day but it
hasn't really hit me yet so I don't feel
like I'm off yet what's your first order
of business as mom look feed the child
my first order of business have my
wonderful husband rub my feet for
Mother's Day really how do you feel like
about Thea seem to be mom it's the
greatest gift on earth to be a mom
tawdry sentimental doggy
camera I think she's gonna be a great
mom she's a great wife she's a great
aunt she's a great sister she's regret
everything oh she's gonna be a great mom
it's kidding and the last area where he
went to church we were in nursery which
is like hanging out with all the little
kids and she was like the enforcer of
the nursery oh well be a good mom so
lots of you have been wanting a baby
pregnancy update and I just looked in
the mirror was said wow I am looking
very round I feel like this just kind of
happened to me and I don't know when
it's like BAM there is something in
there well Jen I can tell you exactly
how it happened that is ready to come
out soon wow I look huge all of a sudden
oh my gosh Sam I look ginormous in this
man the black shirt black supposed to
make you look smaller it's not okay
anyway pregnancy update for all those of
you who were wondering not much has
changed I'm getting bigger he's punching
harder and feeling good Oh cravings no
cravings really funny I'm a ninja my
smoothie mmm a little splash of that you
know infamous coconut food that's not
funny
I put all over my face that's not funny
just normal stuff although since Sam has
been buying to make cookies and sweets
this whole pregnancy that I never used
to eat now I crave them we just don't
buy cookies or sweet I never used to eat
cookies and sweets and now I craze them
that's not funny so I guess that's a
craving some times any times me a lot of
cravings the weirdest craving I had this
entire pregnancy was cucumbers and lemon
which I think was that crazy nothing
really I just like to eat what I
normally like to eat I haven't really
nothing I've really felt any Braxton
Hicks I think that's another question
people don't wanna know he just moves
around a lot a lot a lot and punches me
all the way over here in the side which
kind of hurts gets the hiccups aw that
he gets a cups a lot like three times a
day hola amigo mio como esta big time
here at least speak to him since he only
speaks in Spanish we still don't have a
name for all of those of you or
wondering hopefully he'll think of one
soon I've given him the responsibility
to come up with the name now cuz I'm a
lot of names he's gonna look just like
him if there's any other pregnancy
question do you like to know just leave
it in the comments and on China answer
those next time okay bye but we might
actually have a baby for Father's Day
right cuz that's the end of june i don't
know i don't even know when father's day
is I'm terrible I should probably get on
that the men in our ward know the way
the women's hearts I guess they passed
out chocolates after sacrament meeting
no cravings really that's not funny and
I might chocolate like that I think of
Matilda mrs. Gertrude hey what's her
name Oh what's the aunts name on
mathilda would mean principal surfing
right now what's up so hard to make I
just do it in the oven turned up the
temp and made it big timer let it fake
it came out like this yeah
was booked all my shits out there I just
want to give a little thank-you to
Michelle McCauley I think that's how you
say your last name I do not really know
I think it's michelle McCauley cuz we
just got this package from you and it's
these little monster wash cloths on this
grass pad my sister actually got me the
little things that you stick on one of
these already so that's perfect thank
you so much you guys are so nice to me
I'm very bad at oh here's a thank you
dance I'm Sam world haha thank you so
much mwah try to look up the comment i
couldn't find it one person said i don't
think you can make 25 free throws in a
row or how r how that person said i
don't think you can make ten
three-pointers in a row little wet so
we'll see if he can do it babe do this
what it's dry she's gotta warm up this
isn't gonna happen today it's too wet
there's one there's two there's three
there's four there's five
there's 60 60 well there's one hey guys
it's uh it's actually monday about to
post this vlog I came home from work a
couple hours ago I am beat to give you a
quick update on how i feel basically
this would happen last night I couldn't
sleep got excited an hour into falling
asleep around three o'clock I probably
fell asleep at two I looked through the
window and it looked like it was light
outside of me so I started to get up
Jen's like go back to bed Sam I didn't
say like that I'm always just like Sam
we were okay go back to sleep because he
doesn't he gets a little confused so
we're still getting used to the whole
like me working full time again I was
working like full time already but now
it's like full full full full time like
legit so I'm gonna try and edit these
vlogs at night and then have them up
hopefully earlier than they are right
now but you guys will just have to have
a little patience with us as we get back
into the regular rich yeah we've got to
figure out a new routine Jenica is now a
full-time vlogger no I but I am NOT yeah
but I am I'm not leaving you guys so
anyways yeah so I feel I get bored of me
every day yeah there's a lot of talking
in this vlog and that's just how it is
tomorrow it's probably gonna just meet
I'm all right anyways we love you guys
and we love our mom so much I feel like
we didn't do him justice in this phone
oh we love both of you guys yeah I told
my mom she's one of my best friends and
she started crying on them so it's the
truth she is one of my best friends my
mom's one of my best friend cuz of a
mama's boy he's definitely a mama's boy
anyways uh that whole challenge yeah I
didn't make ten or oh oh well I'm on you
guys we're gonna link my mom actually
made a YouTube Mother's Day videos maybe
we'll link that below I didn't make all
10 baskets I'm gonna redo that when it's
not windy and wet until then we love you
guys and we will see you tomorrow bye
about to go skype with someone fun maybe
the beauty is more
you
