when anybody has peachy
cut me in two - today's vlog there is a
lot of eating a lot because we like food
just a normal day in our lives though
first we ate lunch day by day of birth
I'm officially 42 whatever you're 26 and
looking good what are we doing for your
birthday today I don't know we're about
to go get him a free sandwich that's
what we're about to do gasp oh yeah we
served on your birthday please sub down
your birthday hey hey hey hey make a new
song free stuff on your best dress guys
we got a key okay we did not expect
anything in RPO box it's like my
birthday over there it's just baby
Samak we're expecting art this bus baby
that's ever not been born yet
should we open it and be careful people
identity theft look at that guy's face
we have the same story you needed
somewhere to put your baja blast
turning you're way too nice oh my gosh
that's amazing
Jenica no joke talked about this she's
like I need a place to put my phone and
like drinks and things targeting babies
link you have the best name to say you
have the best handle name oh honey you
guys are way too nice someone also sent
us a changing pad a baby changing pad
today but there was no name so that was
you but we thought there was no name on
it so we don't know who it came from
so send me your name and then I'll
private message you to get your address
so I can send you a thank-you card it's
all you people sending these baby stuff
you're way too nice dingaling baby sling
thank you so much Tanya and the person
who sent the changing pad let me know
who you were
yes thinking of me and my Baba blasts I
love you and then we drove around yep
lots of stories hey guys oh well your
dark sorry
oh I'm tan yeah yep you're tan we're
going to Ikea yeah we need to go get a
dresser cuz we have not had a dresser
during our whole marriage three and a
half four years we've never had really I
don't know how we've lasted that long
without a dresser so there she is
there's the IKEA hopefully be fine
today we've always lived at places that
have built in like drawers they haven't
been the nicest by any means right
it's like a cupboard with drawers like
this shelving or something so we've
gotten lucky and haven't had to get a
dresser but we do yeah we probably
should have we just so like we don't
want to spend money we'd rather get Baja
blast we are deciding to be grownups I
guess yeah we are growing up
you know you're at IKEA when you sell
the trucks and a u-haul and stuff the
tow stuff away I spy a temple my buddy
got married there here's a picture here
of the wedding just hanging out in my
new closet right here it's making my
boots my shoes oh look who I found in my
closet it's amazing here it's crazy like
I do smells like it I've never seen so
many pregnant ladies in the IKEA that
smells like dirty diapers
we're vlogging this name that object
what is it oh I'm a thug pepper grinder
welcome to our new house this is our MTV
Cribs tour welcome to our kitchen guys
welcome to our house come let us girl
party could seriously film like TV
episodes and shows and all these
different kitchens and rims
I mean that's where we blog right you
like that one no no no that's it is kind
of like you look like you're a giant on
that couch but your feet are off the
edge that place is amazing guys for real
we're trying to get out of for trying
man we don't know where to go they make
you look at everything before you get up
when you're in amusement park and you
finish it and you have to exit through
the gift shop what is it wow that's
right I like that
so you're sickening out of there was
insane they don't have like a downer
scooter but up ask waiter that you have
to go through the entire store oh it's
all a lot of really cool stuff but we
are leaving empty-handed unfortunately
so we're enough times impossible cuz I
mean as you're walking out it's like
look at this 99 cents look I must buy it
and it's just like and then you're
walking out and you smell cinnamon rolls
after smelling dirty diapers and it's
like $1 million dollar pizza is like
seriously I don't know that whole store
smell like kids dirty little children a
few moments later and then we had dinner
hello everybody we're in Chinatown of
Salt Lake fanon for Japanese
executive over mister I'm so far from an
executive bringing sushi for Sam's
birthday would you do
so each piece is deep-fried separately
that was it I smile oh wow oh my gosh
it's on fire I'm talking about
I wanna see you try one try one
supposedly this is spicy
hot
oh wow wait what the crap thanks I hope
they're okay and then we walked around
oh we drove around then we walked down
that's too handy in like pastries
got cake
look at this bold line go oh look at
everything backbone
yeah but the guys were like this
I'll do that one quark
this one court okay change to the lake
my court
not a girl the other day posing for
photos and seriously you did
I have no idea this one really darker
which one's larger which one he's being
fit Jenica skin better so you put him up
put him up which one fits your skin
better really well what do I know about
makeup I was gonna get Jenica a prenatal
massage I think that's that's called
that what they're called but it was like
60 bucks and she just got a massage from
her dad so we're getting this right now
for Mother's Day she's picking out her
gift I wanted some new foundation some
makeup believe me I've heard good things
happy Mother's Day and then came dessert
I'm sorry that's right we had dessert
because I totally forgot to make a cake
or get a cake okay cupcakes are get
anything Sam picked out his own dessert
and had no candles and I feel so bad but
the job it was good so Whole Foods was
closed and I've been wanting to try this
new gelato so we got some birthday
gelada look at it can you name all the
chocolates Sara kept I love chocolate
chocolate okay go sit down why sing
happy birthday happy birthday happy
birthday
and many more happy birthday bro over
cannot sing it happy birthday happy
birthday to you
now blow watch candle wishing every day
of your life you could handle it tastes
like chocolate tell you birthday was
driving her I love it now we're gonna
enjoy some July don't watch mud we just
want to say thank you to everyone who's
been sending us stuff you guys are so
nice so we got a more stuff yesterday
even after we had filmed what we had
gotten if you guys are way too nice so
I'm gonna put that in for tomorrow's
video thank you guys both shout outs oh
that's so nice of you guys to send us
stuff seriously and thank you everyone
for the birthday wishes and birthday
greetings birthday songs birthday videos
there was this one that we got last
night my birthday Berea was inside
though didn't get many candles and a
birthday cake this is my birthday cake I
am a terrible why is
and I was blown away
I've never gotten so many people tell me
happy birthday in my life I've never had
so many people outdo me on the birthday
shout out G's every single time someone
said like a picture something they're
like gosh that person just doubt did me
with their birthday especially Fernanda
because she made him a cake and I didn't
even do that it was a basketball case so
thank you friend of invite us to your
party next time we'll fly out to Brazil
I wish you guys are seriously the best
you made it
a wonderful happy birthday for me yeah
he had a good birthday and we're still
trying to figure out how to give it this
away we want to be fair so maybe we'll
do something on Twitter or something but
I haven't asked Twitter maybe we'll just
scroll with our eyes closed and then
stop on someone yeah and if they say
they wanted to look at it that's a good
answer
yes won't forgot we'll scroll for
everyone don't worry there and then
we'll go where and you may win this is
very ugly
that I mean very cute lamb cupcake lamb
and we'll spray it with Sam's cool
I maybe will sign its little bum for you
today is Mother's Day we're just
wrapping up the vlog tomorrow I start my
first day many job and Jenica is going
to the doctor for the first time yeah
you doctor
lot going on someone's at the door let's
go get it
we'll see you tomorrow
