I don't take challenges lightly someone
said I wonder if Sam will actually go do
that of course I'm doing it hopefully
there's a great game in this grocery
store we just moved here so I don't even
know one anybody has for cheap
magic cut me in 22 how's this lighting
from the blinds how is it guys we've
kind of left you hanging today but we're
gonna bring you on a little trip right
now head to Salt Lake City with what
it's time to party where wait wait wait
wait wait wait don't dump oh ah that's
what you see the ronte what's your
favorite song right now is talk dirty to
me to go forwards I just like that beat
that clarinet whatever baxa phone talk
dirty to me where we going right now I
was challenged by unboxing John he said
Sam can you do the claw machine and get
a stuffed animal plush whatever you call
them and under two dollars or two
dollars i'm allowed to use two dollars
he made a video about it right here
wha we got it Ellen it's just cuz I'm
awesome I win at skilk rains that is my
challenge to you Sam Anderson and Austin
no there's no I often know right so
Austin and Sam if you're watching this
I'd like to see you try I don't take
challenges lightly someone said I wonder
if Sam will actually go do that of
course I'm doing it hopefully there's a
great game in this grocery store we've
moved here so I don't even know one
dollar to dollar so let's go hey move
we're doing this right now I'm on this
side which one I want to go for first
that cupcake sheep and a half I've never
actually done one of these games let's
hope you win knows you will he said he
walked the video about this guy she's
been prepping he's been prepping big in
this town guys I'm Batman I'm gonna go
for that right there good vibes good
vibes you can do the same
son we're sending it to you it's just
ending this to you I'm could do that I
thought those are rigged I thought
marriage generous and envy John you do
on the second try guys I think he could
do it on the second try good job babe
good job should add the first tribe of
the crane got all twisted John don't
ever challenge weekend the baby gets a
new very creepy toy is your dollar back
babe thanks for sending this dollar in
this cupcake lambda John I think should
maybe do a giveaway and give this guy
away don't want this cupcake sheep
absolutely need to send it to John yeah
maybe we should send it to John does
anyone want this if any of you guys have
any challenges for me yeah
if i SAT it down he's probably no I'm
good with many secrets of the fountain
if you put your finger there you get it
i can put all the way what's a lobster
you're gonna read related okay Matt I'm
right here wrap I don't rap though we
are be back there we gotta be
that was beautiful beautiful ghost
writing your monkey dance I'm gonna rap
for me to do that we talked about me
crying yeah it's a new day we have some
pebbled ice you have a nice baby all
about that pebble ice how do i be
birthday boo boo bear it's officially
midnight it's 1203 at night and you are
26 years old oh it's so old oh I don't
look 26 I don't feel 26 and I've seen
people that turns up 26 is just downhill
from there no it's not yeah you just get
your wrinkly know what you still have
four years until you're 30 oh honey
thick limit now let me give you twenty
six birthday spankings okay we can do
that later just kidding ready 1 3 5 6 7
8 9 and a pinch to grow an inch that
cinakisz like Bing she has his pink
everyone on their birthday yep hey at
least I could make you crawl under my
legs and pat your butt let's be good
it's your birthday yay now we are
partyin partyin yeah actually her
brother's gonna go to bed soon usually
sometimes he's gonna eat some tacos huh
way to kick off that weight that you
were just talking about getting fatter
after 26 eaten at midnight ironies this
tomorrow because my plan tomorrow is to
go and get every single thing possible
that you can get for free on your
birthday well not really but lots of
that I want to get some free stuff
because there's like a website i can't
remember what it is but on your birthday
if you go to it you can see a list of
all the different things you can get for
free on your birthday one of them is a
firehouse sub so I'm gonna go get
a sub for freedom on I'll give you my
free one and then I'll get a bigger one
sounds good to me yep and my sister is
driving back from San Francisco where
she's been with Riley and they're gonna
come party with us they won't be here
till late so it'll be good times yeah
then we'll have fun dinner yay he's
already wearing his birthday present
though yeah how'd you like him that I'm
like 80 different times today oh he
hates when people step on his shoes no I
don't hate it okay he doesn't like oh
nice up on issues gen stuffs it the most
I try not to we're still trying to learn
where our lights are babe it's around
the corner so I do not step is not I
dude you feel like you're dancing right
now you know it's cool my friends that
live near us gave me a twenty dollar
gift card to target like so nice of them
grown up they gave me a gift he's so
nice it's really nice so thank you you
guys I met Sam and he was 21 12 almost
22 years old when we got married he was
22 yeah I phone you a long time and now
you're 26 and they're about to be my
baby daddy growing old together honey
we're growing old together you're so
handsome at 26 even more handsome than
you were today at 25 hey guys hope you
enjoyed today's vlog someone actually
made something for them TV cribs to wear
that we're going to be soon and I'm
super excited about that yeah it's so
cool and if we want to give this little
lamb guy like John if you guys don't
want it another subscriber will get it
so if you want it you can get it anyone
want it maybe we'll even spray with
Jenna cos perfume no I hey you can't sit
excited we would spray it with Sam's
cologne in the car for all you girl
we're about to go party it's actually
saturday we're just adding this to the
bug so we'll see you guys tomorrow
