try it on anybody has peachy
cut me in two to this girl and all her
pills
blends in with the counter they blend in
with the counter where are the pills
stop eating the counter when you have a
father who is more of a homeopathic guy
you have to take a lot more pills than
just the store-brand so eating pieces of
the counter or dog food like I can't
even see him right now other there so
we're looking for a basketball cuz we
have a basketball court and my
basketball is lost on top of a roof
which I'm going to show you right here
like let's see it you can touch that I'm
afraid I might embarrass myself am I
taking you
ah all right
so Sam is zerah is there a basketball on
top of that roof from the basketball in
top of that roof you haven't got
touchdown trick shots off the wall and
then it flew up and it's still up there
and it's my present to Logan it's my
present to the school oh if you go to
this school and you're eight years old
get up there and get it I think we could
get up if we went over here but not
today seven yeah it's the second day oh
yeah oh look who I found
I played the cross for two years in high
school yeah Richard captain co-captain
here we go
I never shot well I actually made a goal
but I was more a defender I defend I
haven't played in about five years
though so I need a fight remember the
rules becoming a popular sport play
lacrosse
Jenica is officially in like what mode
just like in high school story mode oh
so I had a major major major major major
pregnancy moment this morning pregnancy
brain you guys I thought we're it was
what does I think that Easter still
hadn't happened I was like oh when
Easter happens gotta got a yacht and
Sam's like wait what to go wasn't Easter
a couple weeks ago I was like no we have
a honey stirrer yet and they said yeah
we dyed eggs like what's happening to me
you guys I'm losing my mind
I thought we hadn't had Easter yet I
don't know what's going on guys I don't
know what's going on that's pretty funny
it was pretty funny and very very
mind-blowingly embarrassing mmm so I
just made a little smoothie you know
it's just like the frozen berry mix but
I put in apple juice and then a little
splash of that you know infamous coconut
syrup and it is so good coconut syrup in
there with berries um I wasn't sure how
it would taste but make a smoothie and
you have some coconut mix put some in
there cuz it's like berry coconutty
it's like berry colada mmm Sam just
shooting some hoops down on the court
with some a bunch of little kids I'm
surprised you didn't take the camera
with it
maybe I'll go out there and try to get
some shots of him shooting let's see if
we can find him man it makes it
hopefully these little kids don't think
I'm filming them he just got a new
basketball so he's really pumped down
around it's not babe anyway while he's
shooting some hoops I'm gonna enjoy my
smoothie and then I'm gonna Skype my
friend or Cal and then tonight I'm
meeting some other friends get a little
ice cream because they're all in town
and haven't seen them in a little while
so I'll be fine toodles these friends
were actually my freshman year roommate
up at college and we're still really
really really good friends I mean you
try to get together every like a month
or every couple months and do like
dinner or dessert or something so we're
gonna do that because now I live a
little bit closer although one friend
lives far away so we're kind of just we
try to get together as often as we can
for distances and everything so it
should be fun the actual record button
hi this is Alicia we were room roommates
we shared a bed we did before her and
Sam shared a bed before her and Sam even
met stroke we were roommates when her
brother watches their videos I thought
love you oh here comes Chelsea
they're going to Vegas being a total
creeper right now Sam what am I gonna
see so we can with her big valium guys I
just got back from hanging out with my
friend they bring out the crazy hyper
side of me that's for sure we always
have a lot of fun when we're together
it's always fun to be a little crazy
sometimes it was a great night and a
great day I got to even Skype my friend
Rocky she sent me that Boppy pillow I've
known her since I was like four years
old we've been friends since we were
four and she was like six or something
and I just love her to death and I'm so
glad I just got with her I should have
filmed I didn't even think about it so
for some reason I've just been looking
at old pictures on Facebook I just
rented this picture of me and Sam during
Christmas break in California Sam girl
his mustache from us - for no-shave
November and oh my god I just realized
how creepy how they let him have that
mustache for so long look at that thing
that's real guys that's a real mustache
I understand
looking at this picture it doesn't seem
real did I really like how that for so
long good thing he didn't have this
mustache while he was working in that
van well maybe he did I don't know how
short this girl is so short
whatever your shoes are giving you an
inch yeah guys yeah new shoes on cuz
Jenica gave me up for my birthday
birthday's on Saturdays make sure you do
hey hey can you guess what room were in
hmm can you guess where are we ladies
please we're in the baby's closet yeah
it's a little man closet look at his
wardrobe he's got white onesies sleeper
a bathing suit oh yeah Bulls Jersey
that's got a stuffed animal okay your
stuffed animal from here baby wash that
child yeah and he's got like a tennis
racket up here your story there is nice
to put some stuff okay
have you noticed we really haven't
filmed in any other places except the
kitchen bathroom little man's closet and
a little bit in the family room cuz once
I'm TV Crips tour huh I don't know
what's your dealio why that's here I
think you should do this then no way I
won't be at school doing what that
wasn't cool
anyway it's Sam's birthday this weekend
I start work on Monday there's like the
end of my break it's his birthday
on Saturday I start work on Monday and
it's like the end of my break and I'm
wearing a camera right now you guys it's
Sam's birthday on Saturday we need to
talk to Matt figure out when he's gonna
make the stuffed animal so we can get
that ball rolling right and we just like
you guys some like Doc Rivers you guys
are the best so we have a new end slate
today the other one yesterday was
awesome today we have another one it's
made by Megan she does sweet video she's
the one that painted us in coffee so you
guys are about to see that right now and
I want to create an insight coming up
which I have this idea in my head for
this end slate and I really hope it
works out because I think that's gonna
be sweet you guys are the best ever yeah
for real we love talking you guys and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
you're the best without you guys
we'll see you tomorrow please
