give their big husband kisses when
anybody has to choose
cut me into two because we have so much
more space in our new apartment to move
around and what silly thing
silly is that he's dancing to the his
own video I'm really dizzy
Sam bought a new bag of those tester
chips those tester Doritos oh and and
it's the red bag this time I can't
remember bag he got last time blue or
something anyway
he's about to try it's supposed to be
maybe Sumatra flavored yes perfect what
does it taste like
om it could be super extra cheesy
sriracha oh yeah really taste like that
it tastes more like cheese yeah it
smells more like nacho cheese yeah I
don't know if it's necessary Syrah chip
it has a little spice to it which is
cool cool have it it's a better than the
other pack we had yeah better than the
other pack how many of you guys tried
these chips what flavors have you tried
we've decided it's more of a Cool Ranch
flavor - thanks it's not jasmine and
spicy though it's like a Cool Ranch
nacho nacho Cool Ranch - you betcha
there you have it okay ah ah crazy crazy
baby face and more tips on the ground
Jenica thinks that she can score this
piece of paper what is it paper towel
into this little thing right here and I
said I'm not gonna happen I even opened
up the bag Morpher yeah I said I bet you
I can make it in there and he says no I
don't think so Oh
would I get for winning my kiss no she
painted it didn't even need to practice
that what told you I can make it it I
should have put something right good you
could probably beat Austin no that
basketball no Austin you're really good
I can be less mom I'm like Sam even
though he's cutting clips he still looks
really good at basketball and he's like
yeah he's probably really good I never
said that I always do that last time he
had a day like that though remember like
we haven't had a day like that in
forever
we literally stayed inside all day but
those who kicks it was like rainy and
gross out so he didn't really doing 3
which was it yeah it's pretty much why
we stay inside no reason go outside of
the cold it's actually really chilling
out Sam's like really cold cuz he had
said the sort sleeve shirt on anyway
we're gonna go get some dinner
we both really just watched YouTube in
their big computer style caught up on a
lot of YouTube videos so if we say that
to you we probably seen your video
I'm not crying it just looks like my
eyes are watering and we're just going
to wick twitch and even though we just
had some other sandwiches the other day
which which is one of my favorites so
I'm excited to eat it but I'm also
worried that I'm gonna have liked my
firehouse sandwich better if you've
watched the vlog for a long time we
still have a gift card left with like
two sandwiches left so we're gonna do
this gift cards are the best they are
the best ever
you guys pebble ice is the best icing in
Cairo who else loves this pebble ice if
you can tell we like sandwiches we
didn't want to go straight home so we
came to Target and Sam's trying the new
PlayStation Xbox one or ps4 which one's
better not getting one any time soon but
your guys's opinions he's gonna play
fifa this is a playstation ps4 if you
guys want to play him FIFA his name is
black Santa with the five by the S on
Xbox you can add them on xbox I wanna
know your opinion of it so far Jeff it's
a pretty good
it's like the same controls with the
controller feels a little different yeah
looks like you're watching a movie game
face game face we're recreating the same
eco wall because we had to throw out all
those pictures when we moved so if
you've ever drawn us something mail it
to us our peel back right here I have
found the toilet paper holder for Kings
don't put your toilet paper on there
yeah those of you that need two rolls at
one buy him oh I want a grill for
Christmas how they mean Christmas I'm at
my birthday what the heck
pregnancy brain is passing on to me I
think I want to get propane because I'm
like sick of charcoal but I saw this
electric grill and it looks awesome
let's put a patio I feel like it's not
that manly but have you guys ever used
one like that okay's watermelon
everywhere everywhere brave enough to
eat that oh hey short vlog something
this footage in from the weekend whoo
whoa can you give me give uncle seems
big hug please
give them big hugs and kisses remember
again The Today Show
this is how you celebrate graduation
convertible hey let me see you snakes
girl let me see your shoes
this message is for my niece Lally I've
been wearing this bracelet for the past
couple weeks but the two rubber bands
that connect it broke so I'm gonna send
it back with your mom and I hope that
you can fix it for me and send it back
cuz I really like wearing it and
thinking of you guys do that for me
thanks speaking of little pickle did you
see her and Christi on the Today Show
look at her what day was this this is
money yeah Monday morning they around
The Today Show for Mother's Day stress
the names you guys see that I know
someone a couple you tweeted me okay
dang girl you modeling up there on that
our poor baby boy okay so we're still
deciding who slashed how we're going to
give away the animal that Matt's gonna
make I feel like the top choices right
now are normal narwhal elephant by far
probably monkey Panda right now we're
not doing a rhino just because ap
spammed
all our comments yeah with Rhino yeah
sorry you're out of the running now ap
and he's related to me well we will
check with Matt to see which of those
you know anima text them right now yeah
you would like to make and then we'll
surprise you we won't tell you which one
we actually pick that'll be fun yeah
maybe we'll do that animal there are a
lot of questions we asked you today
gas grill electric grill Xbox one ps4
other things like that cube diced
crushed ice pebble ice yeah do you
remember any others no who knows today
was a pretty chill day so we'll see you
guys tomorrow
