when anybody has to cheer
cut me in two - good morning YouTube am
i cute if I cut thats just looking about
so that's one plate it we it is Tuesday
morning we had a great night's rest
because we were wiped out from this
weekend literally this weekend killed me
but it was awesome awesome weekend we
are currently in search of when we in
search of Bob last baby Baja blasting
that surfacing on the internet I'm the
Twittersphere and now I gotta go find
some so people are saying Walmart's the
place to go so that's where red it's
nice being in search of something
because then we get to know the area
better and that's good because we
honestly have no idea where anything is
really like my memory yet we still plug
everything into GPS so it'll be nice to
know where Walmart is we know where the
target is and that's most important and
all the food places like schooling so
that's what we're doing day we're kind
of just gonna be out and about probably
get some groceries later because our
fridge is empty and oh my god is spicy
chicken and deli so we have and juice so
I'm gonna be I'm packing and bean dip in
buffalo dip which I got for a dollar
each at Target first coat really target
brace cuts are awesome there's an
amazing park down there I wanted to go
stop by sometime so yeah I still
basically just be like organizing and
all the boxes today I started this
morning with the little guy's room and
got getting all his stuff like kind of
put away we don't have a dresser yet so
I've just folded everything into boxes
but it's good we got so much stuff our
families are amazing and my next task is
the kitchen because that's the messiest
and needs the most work so All Right see
you guys later
Dino's guys look what we found the Holy
Grail he's about to cry of happiness
tell me sir how do you feel about coming
upon this right I'm gonna see if there's
more why is the whole thing like that
feel accomplished the biggest BM could
accomplish in the past last maybe
forever there's one somewhere we want to
talk about every single day and we get a
nacho cheese beef chalupa and Bob last
my friend gained like 20 pounds then we
were named 24 pounds bringing those pop
kids I might just have that but that's
it for two of that pop right there I'm
not gonna lie guys we still have a
really great mountain skiing over here
and snowboarding and stuff
we're in Firehouse Subs right now and I
think
it's really sad fast this is the main
mural and there's no her I mean in those
but in the restaurant is nice it's a
house burning down the cool painting
though maybe I should have put like a
big sandwich mural up or something
nope it's a house burning down thing
that's good victus friends all my Texas
friends always talking about this place
so I love it yeah
Campos boozing out that side
good the place is really good we will be
back you guys the dippers are only 250
I'll just get one doesn't say makes a
match oh by four I mean I could get four
does it not count
so we discover that it's a by force by
force save for yeah but anything with
the blue by force a force so we don't
have to get four of those weird he got
chicken like that so obviously one more
thing happy day everything I love this
new land we live in this is turning into
a food blog blog doesn't turn into that
talked about food in a while
it was just pumping some iron for summer
fun that's probably perfect level
fitness room no box we are and we just
realized like really where even are the
mail boxes they're like all the way on
the other end of our apartment complex
and we have no idea which one ours even
is like our key doesn't say it like just
keep sticking the key in like every box
trying to find the right one that would
be amazing
Omar you gonna go through each and every
single one gonna take forever
I bet it's a lot of places it smell so
good not like chick-fil-a but Baja blast
his first sip from a can
how does it taste so the taste is just
like it better it's better than instant
is ever getting it's been talked about
guys this is the best mountain during
the world it's so good I just have a
little sip those of you who don't like
Mountain Dew you will like this because
I don't like Mountain Dew it's kind of
fruity there but I like this so we
figured out what our mailbox was and
there's something in the mail from
Target we just moved in yesterday
honestly this is from a sneaky
subscriber who I think this is from a
subscriber who found my registry way
that someone could have found it because
we didn't tell any family members our
address yet like nobody knows it so
sorry Nemo okay Taylor Robinson Haley
Robinson if this is from you it is
preparing names on it that is so nice
Taylor thank you so much have to do that
oh my god baby stinky girl little
swallow me sleeper whoa
cute and it's like using a little cute
straitjacket thank you so much Taylor
that was so nice of you being sneaky you
yeah for writing you a thank-you card as
soon as we get thank-you cards because
that is super nice honestly I really
appreciate it
no more being sneaky you people hey Sam
did something that I've not been wanting
to do yes and we finally did it there's
so many numbers I can't you mean what's
gonna seven one two one right here hey
guys this is it this is the box where
you can send your art and everything
else Meghan you asked me today you're
like where can I send the coffee
painting I didn't want to do this you
guys I honestly did it let's open it up
and see if there's anything in there we
just got it literally and that's just
Sam do a chat with this but beloved baja
blast what's up YouTube fam we're just
wrapping up today's vlog sitting here
with unknown unnamed giraffe which I
want to name Jeffrey but I guess I can't
so we saw well Jeffrey's like the most
common draft Nate we need something more
original
we're like the worst that naming
anything anything dog me also have a
baby name still oh we have a couple no
we don't but guys we're doing a giveaway
the First's Amica vlogs giveaway and
we're giving away a stuffed animal just
like this my brother Matt remember when
he gave her this oh my goodness Jenna Oh
well he's going to make another stuffed
animal so what we want you to do is for
right now post in the comments what
animal you want to see made don't make
it like crazy make it one thing you want
well take the top three and do a poll
yep
and you guys can vote and the number one
selected animal is what he's gonna make
and then we're gonna figure out a way to
give him away to one of you guys not
sure how that's gonna work yet for
fright now just post an animal in the
comments right we just want to get back
to you guys because you guys are so nice
to us and support us and with the help
of my brothers skills we are giving away
in animal so post one in the comments
now I will select the top three yep
we're also still unpacking but we want
to do what to a house door could store
crib styles but you know I won't do all
the logos and stuff because I kind of
made a couple people mad last time so
like to keep with MTV logo oh I'm gonna
put them TV logo ups to make my own logo
same with your logo I'll be coming soon
I'm not sure if will be tomorrow or
sometime later this week
you see we we want to get things like
hung up and stuff and I don't know when
that will be
yeah still working on that within the
month okay so poster animals and hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog have you
seen the graduation vlog yet
there
we're just getting started yes
some people are saying that is their
favorite vlog that we've ever done well
the second favorite because they're
anticipating that the baby vlog will be
fun pressure go back and watch it guys
because it seriously it was such a fun
thing to edit and shoot and yeah
practice you're getting holding this
beta see that we'll see you guys
tomorrow
