you guys only like a sneak peek you want
a sneak peek gonna sneak peek you want
sneak peek on anybody has to cheer
cut me in two - it's moving day and my
buddy
just worked all night he hasn't slept at
all he's a trooper true friend man this
guy's crazy and I think he's sleeping in
his car do you want to go hola amigos
today is Cinco DeMayo and we're moving
is our bedroom it is clean it is cleared
the bay room no longer looks anything
like the bedroom
everything is clean we've had so much
hell but it's been awesome what's up
girl
delivery just swiffering just sad day
the Samak olympic trophies are no more
this is it I'm leaving goodbye goodbye
goodbye goodbye goodbye goodbye
lots of sanika of memories in here
dancing
in this area you have the same echo
Olympics dirty dr. peppers and maybe
dirty dr. Peppa's baby just lots of good
memories I think we're a little crazy
and this place treated this well it was
fun to live here so my house son this is
where you were conceived that's up to
bigger and better things give any
parting words for the blogosphere you
know I'd love to say we made some
awesome memories here but honestly we
just played FIFA which was a lot of fun
and you have it you're looking forward
to more of it
we're ending the day with some drinks to
treat ourselves because it was a busy
day we're thirsty happy hour happy hour
dad's never had a drink that's large in
his life full of sugar I can't wait I
just want to get your reaction your
first step that's good
toss your nerd slushie it's okay nerd
straw look that's it that's like a
biting smile but with a stupid smile
when you come to Utah you have to get a
cherry limeade n' we're all moved in and
we're in the u-haul taking it back this
man right here drove the Beast hey who
are you I'm the Papa one word to
describe yourself excellent happy happy
happy happy happy all the boxes are
inside now except unpack which will take
a while
we're excited hey we'll see you when the
baby's born yeah yeah it's official we
live near a target so what if our little
guy war this war is a little coming home
outfit look how cute you probably look
like a cute little old man in this
outfit look how little that little ones
is Epping also cute I love dark I love
dark I love target this is I like target
band who's bold enough to try these bad
boys not me
don't panic due to power outage we
cannot serve food sorry first night took
place clothes there was a little driver
we went somewhere that I haven't been in
like 10 years my mom used to go here all
the time
hires big H can I guarantee there's some
people from salt lake right now being
like oh we go up in there
Jen's never had it nope so we'll see how
it is be good excited I'm in search of
Baja blast cuz it came out in stores
today supposedly is limited edition I
thought it was me like widely available
so hopefully they have it here
happy ghetto one takes a makup Amica
people YouTube fam we are in our new
house this evening funny like a boat no
word about yeah about we are in a new
paradise I am really tiny so that I'm
really tired right now you guys like I
feel like death and I need to shower I'm
a greaseball
we just went to Target to get a new
shower curtain and stuff because our old
place has sliding doors so we needed a
shower curtain it so we got new towels
and yeah so this is what we're doing for
part of our get a one-take because today
has literally been crazy
so we woke up super early at like 7 days
earlier 7 which is super early for us I
woke about 7 a.m. he woke up at like
7:30 his family got to our house it's
got like 8:30 we like had everything
packed up from the weekend because our
families are amazing and helped pack us
all up on Saturday after graduation
which was a little crazy and I was a
little cranky but I'm really grateful we
ended up doing that because it made
loading the van a lot a lot easier so we
just moved everything outside and then
go to u-haul and loaded the back boy up
and they in clean clean clean I'm very
surprised by how quick we got everything
out and flawless execution alright
that's because we had a lot of helpers
yeah we had a ton of helpers my dad
stayed an extra night his parents stay
an extra night help us move yeah his
parents are actually already in Chicago
my dad is still driving to California he
left here at like 3:00 something and I
felt something like dad you could just
stay another night but he's gonna get
back to work so he's like gonna pull an
all-nighter and just drive straight
through and drinketh dr. pepper cuz I
get him wired here's our new shower
curtain we decided to go for something
colorful in different places what
smaller here
some smaller now it really does look bad
the bathroom like this part of the
bathroom is like smaller it's like not
combined with like this area you know
but it's still really nice we really
like it you guys want to like a sneak
peek you want a sneak peek sneak peek
you want a sneak peek you want to sneak
up do you bet well once we were like all
unpacked and ready and set
well maybe do a little house tour you
know that closet though look at that
whoo oh my goodness second to the walk
in here do some Paula start dancing you
guys this is literally the biggest cause
that we have ever had which is amazing
because we have a lot of clothes well
this guy has a lot coats but I'm so
proud of you guys he got rid of four
bags full of t-shirts which is amazing
now this cause it's so big I feel like
you could put a bed in here and have it
be like an extra room yeah we could put
a mattress in here or stick the baby in
here or make it an office I'm making it
happen maybe not in office I don't know
the sad part is it's just us again we
got here and we're like oh all our
family's gone it's been such a fun
weekend with everyone like all of our
family happened so fast this weekend
literally blink over the eye like one of
those monumental day is a graduation you
graduate from college and it's like done
like that my mom was in the car today
saying there's like certain things that
bring the most stress it's like moving
having a baby a new job maybe graduating
I don't know it's like you're
experiencing them all the same time oh
and I feel it I'm like I feel more
relief now that we were like moved in
and they're just boxes everywhere but I
feel better we're sleeping in tomorrow
that's for sure I look like I got
electrocuted
whatever oh my gosh such a grease ball
right now most important thing I did
today was get the internet up for
watching Andrews baby shower episode
three and I think I'm just gonna throw
in a couple random poops from today to
throw in this ghetto one take which is
okay you guys you tell us you understand
so we believe you our next video will be
graduation I promise
I'm finally gonna get some sleep tonight
be able to relax a little bit we're
gonna be unpacking yeah it'll be this
week we'll be a lot more relaxing we've
been driving around everywhere and just
check it out the location we love it
serious area is awesome there's just so
many good places let me show you the
rest of the place
