when anybody has achieved
cut me into two
hey guys happy Friday it's Friday
afternoon and I have literally just been
like getting the house cleaned and
somewhat slightly organized because our
families come today and we're so excited
my family is driving from California and
Sam's family is flying in from Chicago
New York so it's me a really fun day and
I'm so excited they should all be
getting here within an hour or two I
would assume I don't know I'm gonna have
to call and see where they are but we're
so excited and we graduate tomorrow and
it's Friday and I'm just so happy today
tomorrow this is Anthony's bedroom is
that what the same TV Sammy hey mom hit
me up with your oh-ho TD
outfit of the day Oh turquoise and red
yeah where's this from Alvin oh that's
your necklace though it's really cool oh
it's so cute it has an L and where I'm
from Lindsay gave it to me Lindsay
one word one word to describe you oh
yeah okay so this is like an hour and a
half driving last night and you guys
left with what time yeah one at 1:30
a.m. and what times you get here today
we got here at 2:30
did you sleep I slept from st. George
yeah Matt
that's Jenna coachbuilders oh yeah you
gotta close your eyes for this one this
next oh yes so we still got some other
car everything Jen you guys oh my
goodness we don't the baby comes a
marine and he knows how to knit or do
you say crochet ten look at that box to
friends and family oh my goodness
thankfully if it were that registry my
car this is epic this is all in my car
and five people for three hours lost in
the woods killing rabbits in the right
was a source you tried turning see cute
aegyo bean it's my okay yeah I do you
hook up Riley yeah
the spread of food variety we are
jimmies pickle so what's a vegan eaten
today yes what is tomato bread yeah sure
there's some of that watches that's good
oh yeah they asked me if I was gonna go
vegan well you could be good for you
dirty root beer don't your root beer you
just made a dirty yeah it's really good
you like it I love it
have you done it with Dr Pepper before
though no but like Dr Pepper at all yeah
well once you put a lime in the coconut
in there so in case you didn't notice
and prompt to surprise party for Jenica
have you been to swig have you been
displayed wins the cutest little card
ever a little boy in that a little hair
right there
there's nothing cuter than a little baby
in a white onesie
Bobby
let me see you say cheese cheese
are you graduated family paper cake with
all the things and be pleased and Joy's
so nice oh my kisses decoration no we're
not walking with this Monsanto I thought
it was like you sim how like how big is
like it's you oh my sambuca I'm part of
Bama cap love watching my little sister
makes me feel like we're with them and
we never use yeah six and two weeks yeah
this is the wonderful system on my
beautiful wife Haley whose birthday it
was that Jenica talked about and the
other sister this is a humongous monkey
a whole lot of monkey I tell you what
attack of the monkey so family cut again
a Matt Jenica brother Sam - big game
she's a Hawks fan as you guys know I'm a
die-hard Anaheim Ducks fan and so
hopefully I wish we can play each other
in the finals but I'm pretty sure it's
gonna end up just being the Hawks or the
Ducks playing someone else because we
are gonna have to play each other in the
semifinals yeah so you know wild fans
are going down and kings
you're just Saint gonna cut it I'm
blogging and I'm not even a vlogger I'm
just going around man oh man the cuts
mean Jen I don't blog what I'm doing it
cuz I'm here with them login blogging
every female in here is pretty much
pregnant like well one left and there's
like three others I mean Courtney right
there the only one Jenna like Matt
Franco
brings a raft drats everywhere
cupcakes are good okay this is a man
doing man things right there no building
stuff okay he did it what a success
let me get up in there nothing
let's go smiling Jenica she's back you
dirty messes
I might scare
yeah I was hoping to scare you and I was
like I wanna scare except we don't want
the baby coming out like they said
before that's for you to man she's just
bringing everything up over here let me
take a nap y'all I just want to see this
cute little girl's face say hi will
probably happen soon I'm just telling
the viewers here there's probably gonna
have to be a dance number
before Evan gets out here the same like
the dead one Vica say no to your best
buddy
temptations cupcake the vanilla with
blue sprinkles
yeah
one or two described Mike's describe
myself Haley do you have your one weird
is favorite stuff out of it yet I don't
know how you got this to work with your
family I feel like prego women get she
got that pregnancy glow because it makes
me want a baby with my wife it's time
it's time is it time yes what everyone
should say yes baby yes No
giraffe wait fam go what else should I
make I cruciate that graphic a matter
pretty much make any animal what animal
I make next or animal here somewhere
it's like I've made I give it some weird
stuff and I don't use patterns I just
like make it do this 12 seconds later
and we have fridge and we have left and
we have cried another day in the family
mom says yellow who's your favorite
black hawk that chicken watch some say
anyway heroes thank you for watching
- take it easy
did you know that genic is brother vlogs
this guy right here Tommy bhi hey you
know what did you have ever really do
you know that I really just on it cuz
you know that this is Jenna cos brother
who's older post in the comments yes who
is older
guess who's older ap is the reason why
we have this camera and that you're
looking at us right now otherwise you'd
be looking at us through a potato camera
potato camera what do they call that I
don't know there's something saying I
don't know we're doing chair limits
heroes yeah if Sonic
we're gonna get some cherry Lima it's
because it's a time to celebrate it's
time to party would you guys just do we
built a stroller we just did something's
really happy right now because she has
her stroller all set to go Andrew and
Jen just put that eight together just in
a couple minutes it was pretty fast
commute a little blankety blankety blank
you guys want to know the names so bad
guess what
you two you look so happy in there Oh
Jeffrey did you guys get Toys R Us the
draft was named Jeffrey well done well
done sir
not making sure you secure daddy how do
you feel how do you feel being a daddy
yeah it's nice huh Wow our family's Rock
yeah
what about beauty that's a beautiful
stroller how does this make it feel real
oh hello there's little one I birthed a
dress we are practicing how to get this
to there in the car and then let's do
the stroller and it's so easy watch this
take it over here oh wait we need to
baby our fast because there's the faster
Jenna faster get faster you just lost
the mommy Olympics push the button that
danced well that was that you'll work on
that we're trying to figure out who this
is from
I think it's from a family member but it
didn't have a name on it yeah and books
we got two books we don't know so if
your family member and you gave us this
speak of because we're very grateful
thank you cards did you see this
Christie on the cover of the book stock
photo when you're in it stock photo they
can put your picture anywhere
practically you really don't even have
that much say and so my mom bought this
because she's on it and it's actually
like a really good book there's like all
these tips and different things like
that so a couple weeks to read it let me
get this out Oh TD of my wonderful
husband saying I understand tell us what
you're wearing - no I just had to come
outside to the car blue shirt with some
gray pants blue socks and some brown
shirt shoes and his socks match his
shirt literally perfectly you look so
handsome so not quite 30 minutes but
pretty close and a lot of just random
jargon moments hopefully you understood
everything that was going on what
happened so our families came and then
he surprised us with a surprise baby
shower which was amazing and so many
friends and family McCann extendibility
of sent us presents and then
we had a wonderful night we got the main
things that we really needed to get a
stroller a car seat a crib a chair just
like big gifts that we were like oh my
gosh how are we gonna get those I know
and I'm so grateful our families and it
was a surprise I didn't know about it so
we just wanted to say thank you to our
families who made the trek out here
because I love my family drove from
California and all the his family flew
from a East Coast Midwest it's fun as a
cool surprise such a fun time and you
feel so much better about the baby
coming out we just need a couple more
things like diapers wine in the baby
carrier not a Bjorn everyone's like no
Bjorn so we'll look at something else
yeah we're just so grateful all of our
siblings came we love you guys and yeah
yes and our parents and siblings and
everyone who made the trip out cuz it
was so fun I may have been a little
emotional and crazy this weekend maybe a
little cranky but they're not mad at me
cuz I know it's because I'm pregnant
pregnancy so tomorrow / Monday / today
we're moving and we're gonna do a
one-take because we're not sure if we're
gonna have internet set up it's
transferring over but you know it can
take a while to work and everything like
that so I don't wanna have the pressure
of uploading the video and so we're
gonna update you guys we'll bring you
along on the move and show you the place
maybe really quickly we'll see and then
on Tuesday you're gonna see the
graduation video and possibly a little
dancing possibly a little music go yeah
only been teasing that for two days now
but it's good that day that footage is
the best thing of the whole weekend and
I can't wait
it was a really great weekend we're
really blessed
I wonder if this I wonder if this black
cat will end the vlog for me hey you
went in the vlog
