don't know don't know what
when anybody has to choose cut me into
to get a one-take because today is just
one of those days some days you're very
busy and it's best that you spend that
time with family and friends today
Jenica and I graduated Andrews here HiFi
to support us and now the family is away
sleeping cuz most of them are leaving
tomorrow and some are staying help us
move on Monday there have been a lot of
days lately that are like days that are
just so surreal and it doesn't even feel
like it's Saturday it just feels like
it's own day and today was one of those
days how would you feel today guys tired
one of the things I did today was asking
everyone I was like alright say one word
to describe how you're feeling right now
and you'll you'll see that in tomorrow's
vlog or in two days yeah I got that from
tribe Tyler well he would say describe
yourself in one word and then someone
were to describe themselves I really
like that so it said I said describe how
you're feeling in one word how are you
feeling um exhausted now that was two
words oh it's funny because most people
would say two words when I asked him
that how are you feeling today
pensive pensive currently yeah by the
way did you guys know that Jenna cos
brother is this guy right here
hi and that he vlogs did you know that
have you seen his channel because if you
haven't I'm gonna post a link in the
description for you to check it out
after you watch this video check it out
it's fun yeah I want to give you guys a
sneak peek of what the next cup of logs
are gonna be like because no joke we had
three people vlogging I got two hours of
footage I got two hours of footage my
sister probably got like 45 to an hour
and it's gonna be really hard to filter
through it all so I think I might turn
two days into three videos and one of
those might involve dancing like this
change it and change it and change it
and change it and change it and change
it and different and differ
and a way different and change it and
change it I've been wanting more dancing
from you that's fine like I miss Sam's
dancing in videos you'll get a lot of it
this weekend some people said they want
more Beyonce moves out of you well you
might get more after my legs rest
they're very very tired after today I
feel like I've been walking at
Disneyland for ten days that is a good
way of putting it we were gonna do a hf
te duels which is something that this
guy does on his channel but it has been
so busy that we didn't even get to do
that so we're doing this ghetto one take
I got a tweet from awesome Knowles I'm
guarantee he's watching this actually
keep saying Austin Knowles cuz it's the
knife nose but it's Austin Knoll he's
watching Golden State LA Clippers right
now I guarantee it it's a good game look
at this 96 94 with eight minutes left I
should be watching that right now that's
game Kings ducks I guess anyone see that
good great overtime game I was I was for
the Kings I was going for the Kings we
took it it was good and my Blackhawks
won which is something else so you're
gonna see maybe I'll give you a sneak
peek right now because this is a ghetto
one take Austin said if it's a one take
of you missing shots and basketball
shirt shots via rebuttal tweets you
realize rebuttal has but and it lulls to
death the day is okay I get inventory
anymore Austin has been coming hard with
the heat and I don't know how to react
but I think I better take a couple shots
just you know this is his hoop these are
this is his tube these are his balls I
gotta clean up some trash make them 90%
90% 102
oh so that's it
get a one-take this has been by far the
busiest time of our lives
and for the first time in a long time I
felt very overwhelmed I look at my eyes
tired seriously but the next couple
vlogs including maybe a special video
that might involve dancing or not are
gonna be awesome
so the battery's running out we are
running out of time I want to get these
edited before I go to bed so that you
guys have something tomorrow and thanks
for being patient with us thanks for all
the thinks of us graduating getting
tweets all day saying congratulations
it's basically been all week because
I've been like oh finally done what
school oh now we're graduating now I'm
on the stage and it's just been like
tweet after tweet after tweet and you
guys are awesome guys Rock I've been
trying to like them it's been busy I
can't really like respond but I've been
liking them so I'm gonna go post a link
to Andrew AP's channel so you guys can
check his vlog of us hanging out because
we're gonna have double the footage what
do you guys think should we posted like
a 30 minute vlog this week no one
watches for that long be honest that's
true but I have like two hours of
footage what am I gonna do high five
Hamilton hey we'll see you guys tomorrow
go check out his channel right now he's
right yeah check it out right now let's
go
by the way that was our second one take
get a win take so here's what we
initially tried to do and it was just a
fail
so some extra footage though so enjoy
booth okay say my calf Amica the
Twitter's have spoken today was a busy
day we're graduating we're moving look
at this place
it started getting cleaner so we're
doing a one take and then on a Saturday
tomorrow Sunday I'll put Friday's
footage and then Monday I'll put
Saturday and Sunday so it's gonna be a
good time but I was thinking that we
could do something different for our one
take today and have the whole family
involved so let's just get this going
graduates schools pride was hey
fulfillments proud I'm really happy so
inspired and dapper amazed because this
Antonis establishment grateful because
we celebrated graduates today and
puppies again yeah people hard
successful with life and so achieving
hard work with puppies we always knew
crazy psychos but fun families and puppy
forever and ever
the Ducks happy bunny amazing again
wonderful
