when anybody has peachy
cut me in two to give any advice for me
as a future father well not really
perfect good guy be patient a good guy
give me advice for me as a future father
well yeah just be prepared for
everything take life as it comes and one
one baby step at a time
good guy well guys last day of work I've
rode this vehicle for the last time good
memories in that thing today goodbye to
the creeper van this job I'm currently
at I was here for only a year but I was
here almost full-time during the school
year and full-time during the summer so
it's kind of weird like leaving it's
kind of surreal like saying goodbye to
people
luckily we have Facebook and things like
that so it's like you can never get away
from them they can follow you around
forever it was a good job though I
learned a lot about IT Internet all the
physical infrastructure and that stuff
and it was a good experience and I had a
lot of good memories and made some good
friends so it's kind of sad it's kind of
sad but it's good to move on to to
what's next there's my work badge
picture me in the first day of my
freshman year of college
adios muchachos
I feel like we didn't film a lot today
so I'm including a part that we didn't
put in a vlog the other day because
today / yesterday was throwback Thursday
and we were looking at some old pics of
us when we were freshmen so check it out
since we've been in school for what
seems like forever we thought it'd be
fun to reminisce and look at pictures
from freshman year Oh
both were separate like freshmen my
freshman year was a different year than
Jenna cos though cuz I had freshman year
then I went to the Dominican Republic
for two years then I came back and that
Jenica during her freshman year yep this
is the very first picture I me and my
sister took together when arriving in
Logan Utah super tan oh you guys I used
to be so tan no I'm pasty look how tan
that arm is against that white shirt oh
and here's me my sister outside my dorm
I was so mean to my sister my mom I just
wanted them to leave and let me be a
college student and they were really
nice and like went and got me and my
roommates like ice cream and we had like
fudge sundaes and I just I was not a
nice sister that weekend
still story though I still feel bad
about it Rach I still feel bad about it
she watches the videos oh my mom oh
inside my dorm room we were decorating
account and I was Jesus Sam this is me
and my best friend Shelby she was my
first friend up here at Utah State and
we're still friends and now we're both
married and both pregnant and this is my
first time ice blocking down old man
hell football game with one my roommates
in wish - very very very good friends
well my besties Oh flooding for the
first time down on the main oh oh
there's me and Sam this is during spring
babe our spring semester we were in
California and this is us at Six Flags
look how little we were and now we're
having a baby it makes me want to cry
look at those baby faces I've had
probably like three hairstyles while I
was in school this was right this was
right when I was graduating from high
school senior prom can't even see my
tights so bright and then I went to
college and grew up
wicked you guys there's a guy in the
middle in the guy on one right just
learning her left from her right and
she's graduating from college and then I
fed my chips or popcorn still happens
look at here though you still feed him
and then I did lots of weird stuff on my
computer look at that set up with all
those cables at 13-inch TV and then I
met Jenica and everything about me
changed whatever I met you and you
already had a buzzed head don't we look
different we look weird what's up my you
tights I don't want to say Utah I want
to semi you tights we're gonna get a
shin tonight cuz it's like maybe our
last time before I move this is where it
is yeah even better check it out yeah
it's a gas station but they had Mexican
food and it's good this is what it's all
about right here look at this
nothing on Rio this thing is like three
pounds that's a pound of that you guys
we're behind my friends white card
laughing the same oh pretty we're gonna
watch the sunset
first this is dope
hey you guys this bench right here is
where Sam and I see that red bench right
there this very sonic in north Logan
Utah that's where we decided where we
were gonna get married in the San Diego
temple what is going on YouTube fan it
is 2:00 a.m. most let's see it's almost
2:00 a.m. my battery's at 16% it was at
a hundred percent when I started
responding to you guys in the comments
I've been going strong responding to all
the comments for good like two hours now
maybe three and some of you guys only
have a ability just to like thumbs-up or
thumbs-down your comments for example
Brenda Velasquez
she says aren't you and Jenna get
nervous to be moving but I can't respond
to it because it's just either a
thumbs-up or a thumbs-down I think
that's in your settings on YouTube you
can also like change that just in the
youtube comment but for those of you
that haven't got a response for me
that's why otherwise I would have
responded so I just gave it a thumbs up
I'm pretty beat but a man of my words
I'm refueling with this burrito salsa
and guacamole and I'm gonna get right
back at it I underestimated you guys but
to be honest I've loved doing this even
though there's been so many comments
I've enjoyed reading every single one
and it's been fun to respond back and
get to know you guys a little better cuz
I feel like you guys know us a lot and
we want to get to know you guys just as
much good morrow about that time get my
hair cut my hair dead maybe I should get
it buzzed or vicked
buzzed yeah let me go get it buzzed so
doesn't take out the trash in a while
and it stinks but today's vlog was kind
of wild today is actually Friday you
just watch Thursday's footage we were
hanging out with friends and people like
that and we didn't really film a lot
because we were taking in our last night
together as friends these are the
friends we made in school and it was a
lot of fun it was fun yeah but there's a
video that we want you guys to check out
Jenica was in a video with Stuart edge I
don't know if you've seen his videos I
mentioned on a couple vlogs he does
pranks things like that a girl that
Stuart's car and we pranked the girl and
ended up
hanger money for it in his car that
doesn't make sense right but you know
what being honest is a good thing and
she got rewarded for it how was it being
in that video well I didn't realize I
was gonna be in a video this girl it's
so funny Jenica just drove up in the car
more like hey Jen we're gonna film and
you're going to be in it right now so go
check it out because it's a good video
it makes you feel good it's fun it's
uplifting and be honest people and is to
have Jenica friend over here pregnant
baby oh my gosh I hit a woman's car hi
Sydney my name is Jenica I got your note
about the scratch on my car we're gonna
go party with their families now so
we'll see you guys tomorrow nika's
family's about to pull up tomorrow's
vlog is gonna be fun I can guarantee it
cuz everyone's a little bit crazy my
families are a little our families our
logo I mean look at them on I think I
see a crazy guy right now hey excuse me
sir yeah oh who are you I'm your dad
