I was watching a YouTube video yesterday
that made me so angry there's some
people out in the world that doctor
their basketball clips talk about you
Austin cut me into two we're going to my
last doctor's appointment in this city
and luckily last week I was able to find
a new doctor yeah doc no right a doctor
that my doctor that my doctor had
recommended in our area which was nice
so glad you took me on and now we're
just gonna go have one last checkup
I think I'm 32 weeks something like that
we're a little sleepy this morning
because the right Jen so guys baby's
healthy I'm growing on side at some
point what's it growing point baby
your mum point with my size we were
there for quite a while and our phones
are usually only like five minutes long
so that was a little slow so diary up
way too late last night and now yeah so
that was our last appointment it's kind
of sad because I really really liked
that doctor but he recommend someone who
he really likes so hopefully she's just
as great and we'll see how that is cuz
my next appointment with her my first
one with her is in two weeks
and Sam can't go with me to that one
that's okay it's probably just a missing
thing five minute appointment check the
heartbeat so now we're going to work and
I just do not want to go to where this
is one of those things like day like I
have like a day left which makes me not
want to go and later tonight I'm getting
together with my photo friends because
me my friend Stacy are both having
babies and so they want to show us a
last little party thing and the last
hangout so that'll be really fun okay
see you later
guys it's one of those days where you
can just roll the windows down
so recently I was called out by Sam Sann
makup vlogs if you don't know them you
can go subscribe cuz they're cool people
even though I'm getting called out by
this dude Sam saying he's gonna beat me
in basketball check this out
next time I'm in California he said I
could go play with them I said the loser
has to babysit Sam guess what bro this
is what's gonna happen whenever we play
just watching Austin Nolan this crocus
and maybe 30 dr. peppers baby because
it's summer summit but really uh
the rebuttal is coming soon maybe in
this video today because I got to
respond to this yeah I got to respond to
this I gotta respond to this I don't
know how I feel about this right now I
was watching a YouTube video
yeah there's some people out in the
world that doctor their basketball clips
cut them up tell them make them look
like they're really good you know yep
well maybe they ain't yep Talk About You
Austin yo that's as real as it gets what
was I like 4 out of 5 and you know I
missed one I missed one so what I can
live with that but Austin I'm ready man
you come out here I come out there it's
going down and I don't plan on
babysitting so you better get ready this
is my height man right here
whoo you do it yo hashtag team what yep
team what happy fat kids baby you
already know yeah that's who we are
right here it's not it's not even heavy
at all and I was like oh no I'm fine
he's like but it looks better if I carry
it for you
not doing this out of love he's doing it
because he loves me and I'm pregnant
good husband good boy okay after
graduating seniors work oh hey there's
mine oh hey why do you know I'm up in
the glass case that's me when you're not
me in the pictures go through my
pictures look at my name I'm graduating
Hallelujah press hold cool this wasjust
baby shower sons are so nice
you guys my friends are so nice
so my photo friends decided to throw me
and my friend Stacy we're both pregnant
I'm a little a little baby shower
tonight and I was like a laughs to get
together hang out before we all graduate
and with all this stuff my goodness
they're way too nice and they don't even
have to bring us presents that we like
just said coming out eat pizza you know
but no look at all this stuff we got so
nice look at my friends grandma knitted
us booties seriously oh my goodness and
these little outfits look at cool whale
sharks bull sharks on there with little
shorts he's so cute they are just so
nice I feel it's so loved right now look
at this little beanie my friend made
little sneaky thing we Sammy I still
haven't gotten a Utah State onesie so my
friend got us one was perfect anyways my
friends are really really nice I love
them I'm gonna miss them so much
Sam saw these diapers and said well it
feels real I'm really excited about
having these diapers
so thanks rates for those diapers anyway
I know some of my friends watch the vlog
so thank you guys I really appreciate
all of these things you got us is so
nice know so fun to hang out with all of
you and I'm gonna miss you all we also
want to give a huge thank you to one my
very best friend Rachel she's been in
the other
she's been another vlog she's my photo
friend I'm her mom watches our videos
and sent does this mean sisters aren't
getting asked something and I about died
when I opened it every time but it's
amazing that was so nice and you Cathy
we appreciate it so much you did not
have to do that
we really appreciate it help new face
seriously it's super awesome I want to
get inside because it looks so comfy why
isn't there an adult version of this
maybe there is it's called a lazy boy I
guess but this is awesome
they made me really excited awesome in
here hahaha so thank you so much thank
you so we've begun to discuss how we're
gonna decorate the little boy's room the
little man's room and this is one of my
ideas I found these pictures online that
I really like of Jordan its artwork by a
girl I should give her credit because
I've just bought a bunch of these prints
online from her and we're gonna print
them out and put them in like a special
formation probably not exactly like this
but something cool for his walls it's
kind of artsy has a little bit of MJ in
it and also shoes so I think it's pretty
cool pretty happy the way these are
turning out it's awesome do you like it
you're down with that in the baby room
yeah nice I forgot to include this clip
yesterday and that was the whole point
of the vlog anyway is the notebook cover
for the light as you can see this one's
fully intact hey guys I forgot to end
the vlog yesterday so it's actually
Thursday and this is Wednesday's vlog my
family will be here 24 hours from right
now I can't wait to see him it's gonna
be fun one of my sisters can't come but
it's totally understandable
who wants to go to a boring graduation
anyways she has a big family she has
things to take care of school's out I
don't have homework but we are pretty
busy but I'm gonna do something today
I'm gonna respond to every single
comment that is posted below this video
so if you have something to say a
question random fact I will be
commenting and maybe I won't comment
right away but I will for the days over
anyways we love you guys can't wait to
see you tomorrow booth
