don't know what don't more time when
anybody has to choose
cut me in two - good morning guys it's
Tuesday morning I'm going to turn in my
last project stuff for the rest of my
life and I am so happy anyway just
letting you guys know bye I just walking
normally no you didn't you snuck up on
me are you reading the Twitter's I mean
that was so mean no go away no I won't
feel 100% completely relieved until I
get my grades back guess what I got my
final exam
yesterday's yeah Abby hey you got
brother than a an idea of course you did
he studied for a half an hour and he
gets 90 this was explained to you guys
I'm jealous I envy you people who don't
have to study I could I'm not a good
test taker yeah like I got lucky I'm not
good to think you're great if I study
I'm a good test taker
you guys ready even if I study I'm a
terrible test taker I'll study for three
days and get a see you you scared me
sorry I shouldn't do that to you no my
heart's still pounding hands are cold
that was good
it smells so good like chick-fil-a it
smells so good like chick-fil-a it's our
last coupon that we have chick-fil-a
chick-fil-a hey hey hey hey hey hey give
me it
I'm hungry for chick-fil-a so since
school is now over and projects are done
tests are over we start packing and
moving I've given myself the monstrous
task of going through all these bins
that basically are my life of school all
of those have like projects stuff in
there or like craft stuff or supplies a
couple of these bins are from like
keepsakes from growing up that I just
had to bring with me already so I'm
going to go through all these and
condense and throw away and find stuff
to sell just like the first thing on my
packing was to-do list packing list
to-do list and the first thing on Sims
list should be to take care of this
right oh Jesus guys I really hate
packing I've done it way too many times
in my life and I still hate it let's see
if I can tackle these boxes all of this
stuff is photo stuff or art stuff that
I've acquired over the last five years
this stuff is all fraud like finished
project like portfolios and stuff and
all these boxes are full of supplies and
other images and portfolios I did it
guys I convinced all my stuff into a
smaller amount of stuff although it's
still the same amount of boxes I just
really like all that stuff I took out of
boxes basically yeah I'm tired now so
here's the situation you see the light
up there it's missing a cover well
that's because I took it off because it
was darker with the cover on but the
cover broke I don't know what happened
it just broke one day there's a dead
spider anyways
is the notebook cover for the light as
you can see this one's fully in attack
and here's the one that broke so we're
gonna have to fix that right now here
Wow we're in search of a new covetous it
cuz uh we don't want have to pay for the
other one and if my landlords watching
this right now I'm sorry sir
so we're gonna look for the 3:30 they'll
see if they have it this Walmart because
this is a different woman and we'll see
if they have all I figured because we
need to get that fixed genetic and I
just backed into each other on the baby
aisle we actually had parted and then we
both ended up in this aisle which just
goes to show you both got the same thing
on our mind these days I thought this
looks fun during its Walmart which means
that's cheaper than other ones are going
to be robbers for both we have enough
clothes we have enough clothes doesn't
exists in stores anymore
whoops we forgot to measure how big the
light was before we left I thought I
could just like pick it up and like I'm
good I got it looks like it which I
probably could I could pull it out of
the box but I don't have to go through
returning something what do you think 11
or 13 we're gonna look inside and see if
it's the right maybe 13 did you know
that gliding is the new swinging
yeah it's a premios it so babies born
before newborn how little it is yo
what's up its blog fiction this will be
the last time we're doing laundry here
in this place I guess for the montage
that we did of dancing around and doing
laundry here I was like one of our first
vlogs and it was pretty fun
we said the next time we did laundry we
think about doing a Google hangout so
just we do going on the Internet's good
here I think we might try to see who's
online you guys can come chill with us
or do laundry to make things go by
faster didn't know I love chips so when
I saw these I was like test flavor such
a sucker for something like this that's
clever two six five three I think Jack's
are like the ones that have a little bit
more flavor and I'm really having
managers but let's see what they taste
like
like your mom first whoa what is that
smell
whoa both her what look very seasoned
yeah they're jacked
oh my goodness they appear to have like
a ton of seasoning on them and they kind
of do
whoa but it doesn't really taste like
these Doritos the Jack groans are a
little thicker I'm not a big fan of them
not bad though when I go
if I had to guess it's like a Chipotle
barbecue also today the very special
person's birthday my brother Matt's wife
Haley's birthdays today and I just love
her so much she is just she is just the
sweetest little thing you've ever seen
and here's a picture of us right here
Dean and Buddy really hope you had a fun
birthday he's got a kick Haley and we
get a kick out of you
what's that Nancy just tried to do you
know what's like a penguin you look
crazy
that's a good dance move right there
the internet is terrible so we're not
doing a hangout and liquid McDonald's
gave me they gave me a dollar bill baby
dolla dolla bill and I urge car that's
cool about Jesus dollar did you launch
it though sorry McDonald's
guys I just cleaned up and folded like
everything to get ready to go
it's been such a busy day but we've done
work we folded up a ton of clothes
got a ton of stuff starting to get
packed working the baby registry it's
super late I like was falling asleep but
tomorrow's gonna be a cool day baby
appointment 32 weeks 32 weeks 36 weeks
it's our last baby appointment here in
this city already have a new doctor that
we're gonna be going to and that
appointment is in like two weeks so this
is our last one here so we'll see what
happens and hopefully everything is
going well I think it is so yeah I'm
tired see you guys tomorrow
peace
