do you feel after just finishing all
your finals I feel like I just walked
out of my final and I was automatically
wearing this I like walked out the door
never see what anybody has to choose
cut me into two I don't have my camera
so I'm recording this on my phone I'm
about to go take my last final of my
college career I was in a rush so I had
to go get something to eat I want to be
that chicken sandwich a spicy chicken
sandwich from Wendy's and there was a
lady that was trying to get into the
line and the parking lot was set up in a
way that like she just wasn't gonna be
able to do it unless someone was nice to
her so I saw her and I didn't know who
it was but I was like you know if I was
in that situation I would want someone
to let me in too so I let her in the
line and it turned out to be this like
elderly woman she looked at me like
astonished I smiled and waved and she
was just like so happy for that and as I
got up to the window to get my order the
lady handed me a frosty this one right
here it's kind of little a little one
doesn't matter and she said the lady in
front of you bought you this because you
were being a gentleman so I just thought
that was you know that lifted me up it
made me feel good I made her feel good
and it's amazing that you know just by
being nice everyone's lifted up and it
was kind of a cool experience it really
put me in a good mood and I I feel like
I'm gonna do well on my exam now
hopefully but I just wanted to share
that with you guys seriously be nice to
others you never know what could happen
you shouldn't be nice just to get a
reward or anything like that but
sometimes you do even if it's just a
tiny little frosty guys I have the
camera now maybe I should retell the
story but I'm not going to and I gave
the frosty to Jenica gentleman twice in
a row let's look at that one little
thing one little action made three
people happy me because that lady was
awesome Jen because she has a frosty the
other lady because she got in line I was
able to get her food shorted a small
chili in for crackers I heard her order
it was really cute she's an old lady
your gentleman he's about to take his
last final of this entire college career
I'm kind of worried about it it wasn't
an hour and a half to go so I need to go
study you can do it have an hour to cram
I love you good luck you'll do great
bye that was my kiss not your guyses
he's gonna do great
he's gonna do great he's you know how
there's those people who are really good
test takers and don't even have to study
they just like cram maybe for an hour
and then go take a test and they just
like guess the best answers and still
get like a b-plus or an a-minus or
something or even an A
he's one of those people who's just like
a really good test taker me I'm not I'm
terrible at taking tests like I will
study for days in advance and still get
like a C because I am terrible at
getting the right answer it's like I
second-guess myself and I don't know
what my guts telling me to do and I
always guess the wrong one which is
super fun so school yeah I have to study
more than just an hour to welcome high
test he doesn't any people who don't I
have envied you my whole life anyway
that's my rant about test taking I'm
terrible at taking tests I'm glad I
never have to take a test again in my
entire life to all you people out there
who do have to study you rock yep okay
thank you know you people who don't have
to study I'm jealous of you
and I always have been and I always will
be but lucky you okay bye
one of the most commonly asked questions
lately is what is that padded room you
guys are in this our apartment no you
guys have a tour what is this place Jen
Jen joke sets in the Seine us and them
it's really where she works and Jenica
takes photos for the library and special
collections
part of it so that's where we are this
is salmon is work vehicle hey guys so I
Drive a creeper van and that's what I do
for a living tempting will acoustic
excited I love a man in a work vehicle
look at the salmon is nation√≠s not what
am i doing in my new job nope he will
not be driving creeper vans with full of
stuff
that's my creeper van creeper van
creeper van asked by Cooper man
guess who's driving it yeah that's right
it's not locking the one I'm looking I'm
cool forever
guys and it feels so good Wow I turn
that on at perfect 90 did you get a goal
finally just so you know Sam's idea to
watch Dance Moms before bed and it's
even just the reunion show and he still
wanted to watch it yeah he enjoys it
he knows all their name I know so we
just got a package and I'm always like
don't open up any packages that come to
you because it could be like four Jenica
for the baby like a president it could
be a graduation president my birthday is
in a couple in a week or so and then
she's like well have you opened the
package and supposedly it wasn't from
her or my sister and we just opened it
and inside was that Thanks what's a
graduation song the one by vitamin C
this is from oh man what's the color
Boone Hills and this is also span to
again
we also got something in the mail but
we're not going to show it yet yeah yeah
yeah you probably like why is it saying
I'm going crazy dancing celebrating
because he just graduated
well we're saving it for this weekend
because we have something planned and we
just got the perfect thing for the thing
that we have planned yeah here let's put
this in your hair here's a sneak peek of
what the video is
just finishing all your finals I feel
like I just walked out of my final and I
was automatically wearing this I like
walked out the door nervously I think we
should probably put on more on top of
your head yeah so fun so anyways Jenna
goes finishing up tomorrow her last test
how does that make you feel this judge
amahzing we're gonna feel so good to be
done but it's like we're done and then
it's like no you're not cuz here comes
the baby
