what's up Sammy cafe Mika I have
something important to announce I'm
becoming a full time youtuber quitting
my job in school and doing this
full-time liar
I'm just kidding but that'd be pretty
cool I was a bad joke anybody has Pichu
cut me in two - you're really full right
now
Oh baby gut oh that's and tacos and my
guts and tacos guts and tacos and baby
hmm
Jenica has agreed to attempt to to the
truffle shuffle for those of you that
are not familiar with the truffle
shuffle it comes from the movie The
Goonies where this chubby little boy
does something a little bit like this
what he does but I guess I could you
know try to shake it no I'm and then
Colette Butler did it and Shay kind of
did it too some people said the judge
should do the truffle shuffle because
it's apparently what pregnant women do I
don't know why cuz there's nothing I'll
just jiggle it let it shake girl come on
shake your belly as much as you can
that's it is that it okay then
does Joe
really white because the white is stop
eating off your stomach yeah but you
look extra oh my waiting oh no don't
work out and little man is little work
out you awake oh you girls good to see
you in case you didn't know the first
step of the treble shuffle is to make
really weird noises like there are
things in the world that I like to call
first world problems problems that you
experience because life is good it's
like we're having a baby we're making a
baby registry for people that we know
family friends to give the baby and us a
gift and it's like and this is my face
grumpy cat it's like why should that be
a problem if anything we should just be
like ultimately he is super grateful but
Jenica is going through what I call a
first world problem
life is good but she just like hates
doing the baby registration do it don't
be cat doing our wedding registry was
like a nightmare I don't know how we got
it done did I end up just picking
everything we currently have six items
on our registry three you put more on I
just thought we had six just look in
there six see Jen look at one two three
four five six okay you're right there
are six I'm glad there's six that's
better than three I think that's it I
think we're ready for the baby and
somebody somehow randomly or it says
something was already purchased like a
nursing pillow and we haven't told
anyone about this unless I know I don't
think my mom even knows where to find
her it I didn't know it was public
already
what if someone got it for the wrong
you guys often ask us questions about
our lives but we have questions for you
parents out there that watch this vlog
we have six items on our list okay I
have a list I just don't know what stuff
to get exactly if there is one thing
that you're like you have to get this we
want to know what it is
and if there's one thing that people
often get but you're like no no no you
don't need to get that we want to know
that as well because we want to get just
like the most necessary items I'm gonna
have a list of the most necessary items
I thought were most necessary I just
don't know there's just so many
different types of these things yeah but
there's only four types of like baby
tubs and things like that
babies are serious business what type of
teething rings do I I don't know we
don't even need those for a year I have
a lot to learn I need to start reading
up on this studying those Amazon reviews
I just look at this isn't feel
overwhelmed first world problems yes
I've only said it eight or nine maybe
thirteen times that were moving right
and I was wondering if you guys also
have any tips on moving we've only moved
like short distances before and we have
experience moving other people but like
is there a life hack that you guys have
about moving like a special place to get
free boxes oh yeah or discounts on you
hauls no we're not looking for that well
probably gonna have to get a u-haul
which will be from our website we don't
know about yeah maybe there's a coupon
website that gives out discounts on you
halls that you guys know about and that
we don't cuz we're preparing this week
school is about to finish and then it's
just like bam bam bam let's move baby
ah we're pretty much doing all the
boring stuff right now having started oh
gosh so I just realized that many many
many of you are from other countries
other countries where you speak other
languages and I was just wondering if
you guys are required to learn English
and
at school because I wasn't required to
learn language that's why I don't speak
any other languages and I wouldn't be
able to watch someone's vlog in German
or Italian or something serious who's
there is no split in India quando habla
most English but yeah I just think it's
really interesting that so many of you
from other countries watch our videos
which means obviously you speak two
languages which is really cool guys the
looks you get when you're vlogging I've
come to I've come to the conclusion that
vlogging is not socially acceptable yet
and so when you're talking to a camera
and people see you doing it let's both
try and reenact when that lady just did
this lady who is no joke riding her bike
just stops completely and just goes like
this hey what's up get anything to say
to say mcafee mika excuse me chief
Garfield what's your name
oh nice to meet you you speak cat huh
speaking of languages Jenica speaks cat
yeah are all of you guys like bilingual
because or do a lot of you not know what
we're saying and watch it yeah some of
you don't have no clue what we're saying
right now you just comment and they're
very accurate comments but then I've
seen comments in other languages have a
night I don't know anyways that's cool
all of you by try quod lingual basically
what Jen ago saying earlier is that
Americans just aren't as cool and as
smart as other people right and I kind
of agree right because we're not
required to learn so many languages
maybe at private schools
now in my school pretty the truth is we
are very grateful for all the blessings
that we have in our lives and I hope it
didn't come off like we're like oh my
gosh we have to do a registry like bla
bla bla bla like we're super excited and
grateful it's just I'm a very indecisive
person that's what it comes down to it
really does and Jen's like just doesn't
require a lot that's like one of the
coolest things about her I spend
probably 10 times more money than she
does I probably don't spend as much
money so that you can spend money also
the answer the top 3 most asked
questions that I'm asked what software
do you edited in Final Cut Pro although
I think you could edit it in any basic
software because honestly the edits I do
are not anything very technical or
advanced it's just cut paste whatever
what camera do we use we use the Canon
PowerShot ELPH 330 HS I'm trying to get
another one but I have not found one
physically like in stores so I might
have to order one online which is more
expensive and the song in the intro is
magic by Coldplay yo what's up Josh you
just added me on xbox and you better
sign on right now because I want to play
a game against you before I go to bed
just one get on I don't know why I'm
saying that in this video because by the
time you see this it will already be a
day late but hopefully you're getting on
right now so we can play each other and
I better beat you or else I won't post
this clip nice playing alright so he
played and I just scored my first goal
it's all over family 1 1 2 0 hit the
post like a ton of times it was pretty
fun though maybe we'll play one more he
wants to play one more so we'll play
more I don't look guys I'm even leaving
messages we're playing one more on
Ultimate Team I don't know if he knows
I'm filming this though so surprise yeah
I've gotten like buying packs is like
the worse way to build a team really but
hey dude it's it's all good
sorry Josh it didn't go too well for you
but dude you're a nice guy
and that was really fun so we'll have to
play again if anyone else wants to play
me in FIFA and I'll put my nerd headset
on and talk to you my name on Xbox Live
is black Sarah youuuu baby so add me and
maybe we'll play a game I also got some
other games so I don't play that often
but when I do it's pretty fun uploading
a Sunday night blog so you ever see this
on Monday night upload life work mode
get it done and we're in some little
room in his work I looked up on this
shelf and saw this spider spray and then
I looked up on the roof and saw a spider
I hate spiders why did I have to see a
spire why is it next to the spray it
looks like the same spider on the can
for all you people who hate spiders look
away goodbye Logan Utah it's been great
I have one more exam between me and
graduation what about you how many
exempt I just have to return to my final
what for later well it's all going down
tomorrow
