what's up YouTube fam I don't know if
you can see it but I actually got like a
dent in my head yesterday from hitting
my head on my camera come in - which was
really funny - Jenica and I and it kind
of hurt Jenica it really wants me to put
that footage in so I might of me like I
don't know I'm laughing just thinking
about it it might look like I'm about to
take a printer somewhere but it's
actually a pair of sneakers I got a cell
and I did so because you know need a
little extra cash for that baby on the
way gotta make sure that baby got food
to eat sweet mother of pearl does that
look good
hey guys so it is Thursday and Tim has
his like last night he actually is
turning in his final project
presentation thing so I'm really excited
for him he's really good at presenting
stuff so he'll do great anyways um I am
just about to head with my friend Shelby
you saw her in my baby shower little
clips and we're gonna go get another
friend my friend Joni who is also in
those videos presents for her baby
shower which is this weekend after that
I need to go get a veggie tray because
my photo professor is like throwing a
little end-of-the-year bash which is
gonna be really funny so I'm gonna take
you guys along for the ride because it
should be pretty interesting
that is disgusting don't do that I don't
know if you guys knew but we've been
vlogging with one camera occasionally
genic oplot or cell phone and record on
that but we really want to have two
cameras especially because we're gonna
be splitting apart I mean it sounds like
radiating divorce I'm gonna be going to
work and Jenna will be at home so we
feel like it'd be a good idea to have
two cameras that way Jen can film with
the baby and I can film while I'm out
going to work and stuff like that though
I don't think I'll film at work so I'm
at Best Buy right now and I'm gonna go
see how much they cost
I I really wanted to get another 3:30
the powershot 3:30 but I don't think
they make it anymore so I might have to
get a 3:40 we'll see what they have
today 2000 years later okay so I ended
up not filming it probably looks like I
didn't even move but I went in and you
know how they had that guy that sits
there at the front of Best Buy when you
walk in and he's just watching the
security cam I feel like it would have
been kind of weird if I pulled out a
camera like the camera I was looking at
and then put it back in my pocket I
didn't want to cause any I wanted to
avoid the appearance of evil so they
only have the 340 which is a better
version it's just more expensive so I'm
still trying to find a 330 maybe we'll
run to Walmart and see if they have one
because I really want to have two
vlogging cameras then it's like double
the footage almost not really
Jenny cos filming a camera tutorial for
work I think we should put some of those
clips in the blog stop it okay I need to
put this camera back I'm just filming
people want to know what this room is
though what is this room with the phone
to move the camera from the stand you're
gonna hold the camera by the base and
twist the knob at the back of the stand
it's time select two interfaces okay
guys this has seriously been way hard
because I want to pick like a hundred of
these actually there's probably only one
hundred we love your faces even though
they're creepy and funny
you guys are hilarious so we're gonna
pick two more to add to the wall today
and then we're gonna do one at random
tomorrow it could be anyone's and I have
selected this face right here megasaur
you got creative it's really funny to me
great face
great body we're putting you on the wall
okay so my pick is Johanna because well
Sammy it smart so she gets to go on the
wall and the best is yet to come
like genic I said before this is a busy
week we're wrapping up school I was busy
all day
Jenica was finishing her paper that well
but we're done now esta bien
manana tendremos all throughout the year
okay meet dominicanos I've been working
on a new move for the dance moves B it's
it's unreleased I've actually never done
it yet but it goes a little bit
something like this how did I get so
lucky we're really excited cuz our
family's coming to town next week I
talked to my sister about a video we're
gonna make might include dancing and
going crazy yeah we got things to
celebrate next week we're graduating
do I look smarter kind of thinking posed
those glasses make you look lemare Oh
Tebow thinking pose okay guys so I may
have left or maybe with something for
our little baby board shorts I mean it's
gonna be a summer baby right I just
thought they were so funny but I don't
know if Sam won't me keep them maybe he
will and then this shirt because it was
really really cheap it's like three
dollars but we'll see if the the man
the wallet lets me keep them anyway I'm
about to go to this little class party
so we shall see this is our teachers
caste and in karting almost the teacher
reflects its research in photography
black is called domme - so this cat is
named zone to zone - no it's not it
really name he collects its whiskers
when it falls out by fishing they do fly
fishing all photographers
I love these people hey guys I'm home
now you probably just saw a whole bunch
of random clips from my little
graduation end-of-the-year bash it was
probably a little crazy home now Sam's
home now his presentation went great
business man
last thing on Tuesday wow that was
beautiful thank you oh and a little wave
because behind here is such a dork
you're so weird
hey guys so it is almost midnight
and Sam is passed out so I'm going to
say good night to you guys and hope you
had a fun day and we will see you
tomorrow
