it's kind of pretty it's like green but
with a little bit of snow on it Oh guys
the place where we live it's just so
ugly look at that so ugly
there's nothing picturesque about this
view I'm looking at right now ugly oh
man
I'm being sarcastic for those of you
that on anybody has to cheer
cut me into two remember in the QA when
Jenica just started smelling me well
here's an explanation I just went to the
grocery store I was looking for like a
quick lunch to have today because I'll
be on campus all day and the sushi man
it was like freaking and he's like oh
you smell very good like yeah so there
you go
Jenica smelling me because maybe I smell
good or bad you guys this weathers crazy
I'm gonna zoom in you can't tell him
early but a stoplight the stuff light up
there is turned the wind turned the
light oh can you tell it's dirt oh my
gosh oh it's so eerie it was like still
warm earlier when it was starting to
rain hey belly hangs over the kitchen
sink
he was idiot a good English accent
although I might need to work even
though mine wasn't supposed to be like
my impression of it okay you guys that
was even really really bad like I'm
using much better Wow humble much I am
obsessed with English accents a lot of
people said people do them too posh
though too posh I'm probably too posh I
don't know I'm Jen you're so meticulous
with everything just measuring every
single thing good yeah it feels like a
tornado outside right now and I asked
Jenica did you film any of that she goes
yeah I did on my phone I was like I gave
you the camera today
no we're pregnancy brain or is it Jenica
brain well we have enough nothing we're
good
she's not even listening to me I'm
listening to you hey guys Sam just went
to basketball so you know what that
means
um I'm just gonna take a little snooze
before I start writing my paper my last
paper of my college career ever so happy
to be done anyway see you guys later bye
this could be really bad five came out
no one wants to take it no one wants to
take it no one wants to take it no one
wants he's got thought the officiating
has been this game but guess what he's
gonna miss one I said he was a missed
the free-throw he missed both of course
the second one on purpose did I not say
that he said I called it but guess what
he's gonna miss one for crying shame man
tonight was the last night here for
possibly ever
all night yeah I have to find new people
to play ball with when I move told I
told everyone tonight I was like it's my
last time ever and they're like next
week the cleaning the building so that
no one can be there as funny because
like these guys I don't really hang out
with ever except playing ball so it's
like they don't know anything about my
life and then it's like sorry guys I'm
out it's like why are you going there
ball it was a rough night playing but I
hit the final shot of the night a game
winner a three-pointer to end the game
swish and I was like I'm out I'm not
touching that ball ever again kiss the
floor that was gone
don't shake him shaking baby's engine
isn't it crazy that there's a little
person inside right there it's probably
asleep right now Jenna cos waking him up
come on go home sleep we were just
wondering right now do you think that
the baby has hair because my niece is
I've been born recently I've had hair
my nephew didn't have hair even come out
like with like a crazy mohawk Sam was
bald I had hair yeah Jenna had a little
fro and I was a Baldy will the baby have
hair that is the question okay
holy cow so many of you have gone back
and started with day one and watched
every single video the best is that
there are a lot of you that are not
studying for finals and instead of
watching our videos which is something
that I would do but you shouldn't do
that stop watching this video right now
and get back to studying
you can do it
that's super motivating you okay do it I
still have a final paper tray so I feel
your pain but we can do this you can do
this I want to pick on one of you that
has watched every single vlog so I'm
just gonna put the book on these commas
oh my goodness how am I gonna start oh
that's me okay let's see Kiki I'm not
gonna pick on you let's try this again
no no oh don't blog and drive okay uh-oh
here we go
sunny Lloyd I've watched every single
one to the marathon over spring break
see that's a good time to do the
marathon over spring break you don't
have classes study first guys then watch
our videos if it's past midnight go to
bed
if you've this assignment due tomorrow
study do it and then come back just do
the marathon this summer Karina Vost
kids you're pretty cool too cuz he
watched them all and he did it over
spring break we're happy to have spent
your Spring Break wait I mean that was a
really fun spring break April Carter I'm
picking on you to us what's your go-to
dance move so when I get really nervous
and I really just need to bust a move
this has been my go-to dance move lately
would you go to move don't you guys
think that we should see Jenica do the
truffle shuffle like Colette used to do
tomorrow
I think we should see it tomorrow let's
see your vision let's see how you do it
do it alright tomorrow the thing is with
a belly like this though there's it's
like too hard to shake it stir
practicing no excuses these next couple
days we have finals and things so it's
crazy busy
hopefully the vlog works out over the
next couple days of course it will but
sandwiches burning near that that
roasted red tomato guys I love
sandwiches sandwiches are beautiful
sandwiches are fine I like sandwiches
ate them all the time I ate the bar
myself or any for my lunch if I had a
hundred sandwiches anything below one
yes there are so many of you that have
submitted your funny faces and selfies
whatever to be on the wall
check this out there are seriously so
many that we've been looking at and
laughing at it's awesome Jenica and I
are gonna side today which ones we're
gonna print out and put on the wall I'm
thinking maybe two or three so we'll see
if we choose yours it's not too late to
submit one if you haven't already and
Brianna it's your lucky day cuz you're
ending the vlog are you ready for this
all right guys we'll see you later booth
