good morning hey you guys still there
don't want anybody else to choose
magic come into to drop you oh it's
Monday morning and we are just heading
down to look at apartment whoa hopefully
we have one by the end of the day okay
seriously it'll be fine little more work
yeah it'll be good oh yeah oh yeah
feeling good feeling good feeling great
baby feeling good feeling great remember
how my station doesn't get in until I
get to that certain point the road up
here Roma's thing we got ready for this
here we go
this is really funny my gut is like in
shock totally a little apartment hunt
treat for us mmm I'm a California girl I
love in and out and she's pregnant I met
any nice yeah animal stuff you know what
that what animal style baby only way to
do in and out expert can't tell which
one's animal which was not get into my
butter let's see if we can actually eat
this yeah
how is that
pregnancy problems I smashed my food
harder than him driving oh man and I
have food on my shirt Wow prego problems
so we decided on the apartment it's two
bedrooms it's nice and we're at a
grocery store that's literally minute
away and prices are good produce is good
feeling good I'm feeling good
Potter bats at the body of Tommy tummy
feeling good feeling great yeah are you
happy about the decision yeah it was
really hard getting nerve-racking its
nerve wrecking code it's like we're
grownups now it seriously took us like
two hours we're just sitting there at
the bench going back and forth over and
over again just around the Riverbend so
this is one of our last times that we'll
be rounding actually that's not true
because we're going to come back here
for football games
stun this valley right here thus where
we have lived for the past couple of
years I say couple I mean we need a lot
of years two cute little Valley it's
really pretty
on to bigger and better things now so we
did we pulled the trigger we got an
apartment today everybody okay it's
approved yeah yeah that approved to be
able to wear to live yikes let's think
positive now it took us a long time to
like make up our mind we were like okay
besides like 15 minutes and it was like
two hours later and we're still deciding
I like insisted on looking at them again
it's a big decision giving the
department it's a lot more expensive
than or other place but I called a place
on friday to set up an appointment to go
check it out because everybody lives
there and when we showed up today it's
like an hour and a half away places were
already gone yeah I felt like I was like
are you kidding me we just drove all the
way out here and we're going injector
whoa hello we'll try the valley you
could drive under that it's so harshly
and we were really frustrated because
like the place where we wanted to move
into and we were said about signing with
today wasn't there should I like oh
sorry he's like well why did we have an
appointment at noon go look at a place
it was I don't want it not one we wanted
so we just started driving around the
writers pleased that we saw sorry
something you stop please don't okay so
we started driving around the first
place we saw what she kind of nice so we
pulled up when in
lan'xiu hours later we're ready to go
whoa it could have been a lot worse open
this is the cool part I didn't even know
this when we signed but when I went to
use the bathroom in like the clubhouse
area there's a racquetball court in the
clubhouse a big racquetball court too
yeah there's like stuff I didn't even
know about now right we're excited
hopefully we make some friends there's
enough room for a little man to roam
free run around do jump ax let me first
s learn heaven yes learn to curl and he
needs to get out of the womb first they
need to first learn how to crawl out of
the way right let's bring some on out
buddy good day great day weird day we
both were like Sam right when you accept
a job someone's going to call an offer
for you I think literally as we're about
to sign the dotted line I get this call
about this job that I rooms like so
Kyle's again yeah and I hadn't heard
from them in weeks and they're like hey
we very news we have you know what
everything happens for a reason guys and
we're in the right place right now right
yay apartment ever I've got a place for
you I'm use that I've been obsessed with
these new nike elite socks they're like
the shorter version they're so
comfortable they look kind of weird at
first cuz you like I would suck that lip
right there I got these purple ones too
there's $16 socks that's what's terrible
about him but i only pay a dollar since
i have these coupons so that's pretty
this is Jenna cos version of the worm he
was ready for it she's been practicing
it all day ready Jenna you ready oh
she's already doing it it's called the
dead worm it's a new dance it's called
when you're really tired this is the
worm it's really good huh everyone
everyone's like me doing this dance miss
I think the funny spares gonna be
watching you try to get up hey that
wasn't that was easy you're started on
the ground already right yes here's my
version of the bedroom Oh where's I was
creepy for doing visions of the dead
worm we're doing versions of the dead
worm because we're really tired today
well I'm really tired today there you go
Power Ranger yeah who was your favorite
Power Ranger Green Ranger you're injured
I like the yellow and green and returned
to White Ranger I don't know I liked him
before has green ranger seeing things
like this pop up and knowing that the
shaytards are possibly still watching
our videos seriously every time I see
that I'm like oh my goodness does that
mean that Colette and Shey are part of
the sama cafe mocha what do you guys
think I also love getting tweets like
this people saying that they're going on
a samack a marathon knowing that some of
you guys are going back and watching
every single video it's just like blows
us away we love it and we hope you guys
enjoy it when you go back and watch them
that was my mind being bland how many of
you guys have gone back and watched from
day one that just recently joined us I
want to know so let me know in the
comments there might be something
special in store for those of you that
I've gone back and done that we'll see
and don't lie all know who's lying might
have to ask you guys a couple trivia
questions like maybe we I don't know if
I can answer them pregnancy brain so I
just tweeted out whose face should we
add next to the wall you too could have
your face on the wall but in order to do
that you have to tweet us or yeah yeah
probably yeah okay if the tweet us a
funny face your best funny face we're
gonna pick our favorite so you guys
tweet us so tweet us pictures of your
face and we're gonna add a couple of
your faces to the wall and we'll see who
makes the cut we'll pick our favorites
and if your face looks like this you'll
make the wall I was gonna feel like that
quadruple check
pregnancy chin pregnancy gym yeah my
face it's okay I feel like it's the
pregnancy puffiness you get puffy when
you're pregnant I feel like I have it
your face is not puffy or like this
we're like this or like this or like
this we didn't film like in the
apartment yet but when we everything put
together maybe we'll do a little tour if
you're lucky my biggest concern is that
we're gonna have space that dance in the
apartment cuz we just can't stop dancing
or anything like that right and we have
lots of space what if a little man
doesn't dance oh he will be dancing he
already does dance in the womb yeah yes
we're getting closer to a baby name we
might just tell you tomorrow
