oh my god hoppy easter guys happy easter
springtime when anybody has to chick cut
me into two I just heard on the radio
that the average adult laughs only 18
times a day which actually kind of
seemed like a lot to me I take that as a
challenge though I'm gonna see if one of
these vlogs we can get you to laugh 18
times in one block what do you I say
having a barbecue with friends and
jenica requested tums a drink and a
jacket there's a frisbee caught up there
he's gonna enjoy because up yesterday
crazy right now oh I feel like he's
gonna break through haha hey who did
that yay proper trim all for frisbee I
think he was sick so we're at the
grocery store and there's not gonna be a
crazy girl store montage but we did find
this
Oh button sheep nugget sunshade maggots
we're gonna see each other I don't know
this formed giraffe maybe an elephant is
it what okay that's really enough the
hell we have my last race okay t no
that's our dog bun tricks they're sure
to say my shapes yeah sure maybe animal
shapes is like copy written very
reserved ah no mega you are amazing yeah
we're watching the video of Megan that
you did of us a copy painting is like
it's incredible I would like this i win
you guys I've never had someone draw me
like a caricature either look at that
mine congrat a ball I wish my hair looks
like we got it happen again so hardcore
I know you guys need to go check out her
channel and give her some sport that is
she's just incredible she's seriously
she's so sweet I just want to squeeze
her come to Twitter right now telling
her I just want to squeeze her because
she is so cute Oh another girl that
Jenna could cuddle I'm just a hugger let
me tell you something first time I
hugged eniko she said I hugged like a
dead fish and I will never forget that
it's because I thought you were so cute
and I wanted a really good just an
excuse to have you again no she's like
you look like a dead fish or something
man boss yay whatever she's a really
good hugger now it's like midnight we
just got home but we're on a vlogging
YouTube binge right now we just watched
my sisters vlog they got a GoPro and put
it on her husband's head so when he
rides his bike around New York City you
can record it all it's awesome and then
we just watched this video by Megan and
holy cow there's so many talented people
the girl has got talent you've got
talent she wanted us to top it with
accents didn't she an accent challenge
is that was the young girl has got
talent I love the British football no
that was just terrible did that no no
I'm embarrassed okay I can't talk like
that because I'm really good sometimes
fail
fail hell yeah she really good sometimes
but right now is just that one of them
oh my gosh Megan you were soaked I can't
do it now I once nervous my face turning
red i don't think your faces ever turned
red my face turns red whatever whoa who
are that scum baby dis burger my stomach
is going crazy crazy oh why are you guys
bunnies hey we need a self so we're
gonna call you back no we're going with
jay oh my gosh hey you guys look crazy
watching my Bulls right now they're
losing by one it's been a rough playoffs
for my team so far the Blackhawks have
lost two in a row that they show on and
now the poles were losing by one Jimmy
Butler's miss a free throw is the final
score Tracy Wolfson Chicago coming up
which he one of the Blazers gotta go
take a walk look at those springtime
there's flowers you look beautiful it's
the Sun mm-hmm Jenica still got our
easter outfit on that your easter outfit
I'm wearing a black shirt over this
because I guess pink is more Easter than
she looks like you're in an easter egg I
am I'm hiding about a hundred in there
Tim's got his easter outfit on look at
that I didn't wear this to church and it
was just making you look so beautiful
family
oh my gosh they're coming towards us oh
my god happy easter guys happy easter
springtime amazing ultraati in a row
it's like they're pulling Santa's sleigh
they're just going down the street I
thought we were the only ones that went
on Sunday walks but no oh my god bonnie
clyde enjoy your walk look at this
little bugger are there look at them I
know hey sheep dear just one of the
things you see on a Sunday walk we're
only a block away from where we live
looks like we're not the only ones going
for a Sunday stroll today Bonnie and
Clyde and their family that's right here
go find greener pastures well that
little view right there ain't too shabby
if I do say so myself cheap update
they're still here I'm fluffy apparently
there are horses also in our
neighborhood that I never knew about I'm
looking like maybe I've seen them I
don't really know maybe that had the
Easter the best thing to do on a sunday
is to go for a walk especially right
after you eat he just kind of gotta get
moving get that blood flowing we went to
church today yep it's beginning to look
a lot like Springs I'm springtime we
were just talking about how we hope that
there's a park near the place where we
live so we can bring little man there to
hang out the summer that's you know that
means I ain't like 10 of them because
I've been talking with my mouth open
give me your best like runway walk
that's running its gonna waddle look at
that beautiful I'm surprised none of you
guys have been like where's the video
today because it's already eight twenty
five pm and we're just shooting it what
are we about to know a QA don't look at
our beautiful backdrop how did you get
so beautiful oh yeah check out the back
trap we got Casey we got pic oh we got
Jay we got Ron we got che we got lots of
pics do you see any of your art that
you've made awesome is what this is
anything up your nails look at that
close anything hey guys oh you know just
died negs up 11 24 AML rated easter we
came home watched a little bit of NBA
took a lil nap nap and then I had to
watch my bowls and then we shot the
question and answer video so if you guys
haven't seen the question to answer
video yet you guys need to check that
out because it's aight now we are
waiting for tech support so we figured
we might as well guys meg since we
didn't do it earlier today we're taking
work out tomorrow to go look at a place
to live at yeah so it's we get to sleep
in a little bit will still get like
seven eight hours of sleep oh hi Ron
since we already had Jays face up there
is that we'd add some of the Shea family
and then a random nice picture that's
creepy you can never have too much
avocado I added avocado to this dip that
was random fun fact for you Sam loves
avocado oh that's wrong vinegar oh yeah
down the camera those colors are looking
nice to you get like brighter colors if
you use vinegar it normal people do this
before Easter we're doing it the night
of Easter and jenica thing well then
when she was tended to alive how do I
was trying to be all careful and she's
just like barely dipping her again
and also I look over and she's like Boop
that was not a bit well that one's good
all that color but look at this one
comes with funny hair you can glue on
and faces and low hats it was not
waiting to die it he's just eating it
this thing come with all hats I don't
know how to make the little house yeah
how does it work I like that do this
then I'll top that's just a fad egg like
it's perfect for my egg hey you oh my
i'm such a nerd it is way too late i
need to go to pet I'm like playing
charades with these little guys like
seriously here's my breaking bad one II
I'm some beach do they come like this in
Cambridge alright guys so same just ran
out of the web that the dead though it's
really late Sam run out to go export the
video up at school sorry it's like up
super late all you people on the other
side the world army super stoked that
it's up early for you guys tell you
Americans in bed yeah it's about two
o'clock and i am done doing this egg
stuff that sounds really read one so i'm
gonna say good night in Toulouse and we
will see you tomorrow because we're
heading down to look at an apartment so
hopefully it goes well yeah Thank guys
we love you
