on anybody has to she cut me in two -
what's up YouTube fair happy Easter
today we are doing our question and
answer video it's only taking us like we
can have a lot of you sent in similar
questions so it's kind of just luck of
the draw so let's get to it
this might be our first of a couple
because we don't want this to be crazy
wrong right so so this is kind of more
of the background one so you can get to
know us because we don't even know who
you are
let's get to it
our first question comes from who
Freddie are you wants to know where I
was from I'm from Southern California
I'm from Chicago but I like New York
style pizza
Hannah GES how pregnant are you
I am she said he looks okay oh well guys
I hide it well I'm getting bigger I
really itchy right now cuz he's throwing
I am seven
people asked one go what I'm doing I'm
doing the end of June
we're having the baby in two months
Olivia wants to know how did you guys
start blogging we started blogging
because Jenna cos brother apv he has a
channel called - easy and he gave Jenica
a camera unwillingly for Christmas and
said guys you're vlogging and I said no
we're not so starting on January 1st we
started blogging I have been watching
bloggers and youtubers I think if I
listen one or two of them so that's why
we started blogging but we're really
doing it because we thought this would
be like the craziest time of our life
and so far it connects me and it's just-
crazier yeah this is a time in our life
that there's just so many big life
decisions happening so were like let's
remember how it felt even wants to know
how'd you guys meet I'll tell you how we
met we were at a basketball game and
this beautiful girl behind me goes again
repeat again and before she could even
finish her sentence I was like let's get
this straight I wouldn't ask someone
random he was with we had a mutual
friend that he was with and so I felt
comfortable asking all of this anyone
how these ago I was in front of her and
I heard her say it's a turn around
I've got a piece of gum boys always
carry gum right
we then rekindled our relationship when
we went to a Mardi Gras dance at our
University and I was volunteering for
advance yes Jenna goes on stage throwing
out beads and she was like dude 3 beads
and the rest is history
thank you do you know do you believe in
God so what church - yes we are members
of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter
day Saints as people know the Mormons
this is probably the most asked question
everyone's like are you know yes we do
this and that yeah we were the same
Church of this Jay charts not the same
exact building but we believe we have
been together for a little over four
years yeah we started dating and like
next question Rachel wants to know what
temple did you get married we got
married on December 31st New Year's Eve
so the party the party Caitlin's video
diaries are in college it's so much long
as you have yes we have two weeks of
school left and Emma graduated right I
studied photography and I studied
management information systems a lot of
people thought I study like video
filming like that I've had no training
in that
that's just all whatever Daniela wants
to know when my due date is my due date
is 225 Lana s wants to know how did you
propose well here's the short version
how I proposed
Jenica and I had friends that we wanted
to date so I convinced Jenna how to plan
a day where we were gonna go out to Salt
Lake for then
Lula Chino is planning a proposal so we
were out to a movie and I was like Jenna
I really have to go the bathroom because
I was trying to lure it with outside
trying to lure to this outdoor courtyard
grab a postcard she's like so we started
walking away made like a puppy dog face
in them yeah so I went to the bathroom I
was in the bathroom and I was like I was
looking at myself in marriage like
splashing you are my face she's like my
kid and I walked out and we were all
alone in this courtyard overlooking the
whole city of Salt Lake
Zelda games wants to know how tall are
you guys
I'm 510 I'm 6 1 but recently everyone's
like I think you've grown some mistakes
6 where I have six 1.3 Rebecca McCormack
asks what is ball night ball night is
every Tuesday night where I play ball
with my boys Jocelyn is a cutie 17 got
some talking about herself or is this a
guy talking about Jocelyn I don't know
she says it looks like you're having a
girl no boy we're having a boy his name
is Jenica Adams see cool absolutement
hot cheetos I've only met like two other
Jenna cuts but no one's ever exposed to
the same way a dingaling baby sling
wants to know about who are these people
in our lives
these are my friends these are my guys
if you see any of them in a blog there
with me right and these are all my
girlfriend's this is my family they've
been in a lot of the blogs Christie's
actually blogging so you should go check
that out and these are my parents
and these are my siblings and you'll
probably meet everyone else in our
graduation videos because they're all
coming out here why are you guys such a
cute couple
Chloe wants to know how many years of
blogging we plan on doing 30 more days
we're gonna end it right before the baby
comes
I only say if it's not fun anymore we're
not gonna do any work but so far it's
been fun right so you guys to tell us
how many years we should be Jonah asks
who is your favorite Chicago Bear I
would have to say right now I'm
Martellus Bennett the black unicorn
purple dinosaur he's awesome
I used to like a lot that he's done my
favorite both playing still Camilla
Technica actually met you
I did I've been trying to figure out how
to say your name because you've been
watching the lodge for a long time your
deck to your deck or a deck something
like that once it knows is it the block
for today yes but don't worry you're not
missing out anything we've been putting
the clips in other videos Steven Pope
wants to know what's your favorite snack
well I'm surprised because I love snacks
like I could use Jessie starts all day
long I love all crackers my favorite
snack is probably Simon hot cheetos I
also love spicy hummus right now
delicious I like plain hot cheetos and
milk not dipping it in like sup JimBob
Sammy wants to know what was your first
kiss like so we've been hanging out for
like oh it's a date that weekend and so
our first date how about you always it
like okay hey how's the best to super
kissed a million of you guys have asked
how old are you I am 22
I'll be 23 this summer I can't believe
you just city 22 is usually tell
everyone you're 23 I know what how old
do I look
eighteen seventeen I say it's a baby
face I'm 25
they'll be 26 and x2 weeks yeah I'm
turning 26 I'm a temp get rid of that's
his birthday May 10 July nights and a
baby's doing something yeah
so we're not in high school we're
actually at yes we've been in college
for over five years yeah one of the
reasons why our guys in college so late
is because and people have asked us I
served a mission for my church and the
Dominican Republic that's how I know
Spanish so right there you have it
so right now we're gonna try and call
someone and just a random person that
subscribed well they're not random she's
been watching the vlog for a while we're
gonna see if she picks up and then we
can have her ask us a question that in
the video hopefully she picks up
yeah we're calling something different
because apparently I butchered
Francesca's name and a blog and I called
her friends let's go we'll see chances
Franchesca pick up okay this time we're
calling Lauren Franklin
she's tweeted us a bunch of times so
hopefully she picks up nothing right now
no one wants to talk to us dang cool
fernanda's calling us back hey we're
doing our question and answer video and
we wanted to have someone in it so we
called you randomly whenever when our
birthdays are my name is July 9th and
mine is May 10th so it's in like three
weeks years is in two weeks what day is
yours
the fifth of May yes sweets what it's
nice to meet you this is so fun you're
on the blog by the way we're recording
you right now
I think I was ever since humans I think
we need to take someone from Twitter
yeah okay okay so we tweeted on said
respond to this tweet if you're ready to
ask us a question right now because
we're gonna call you and Ashley Ludlow
was the first one to respond so we're
calling her you feel like that's better
right here we go oh my gosh we just
called three random people that were
like hey well we said we're gonna call
random people and they didn't pick up so
I was like oh gotta go to Twitter
so we're wrapping up our question and
answer right now that we're gonna post
tonight and we just wanted to know if
you have if you posted a question you
could ask it and then we're gonna put it
in the video
yeah I think my question was do you like
living in Logan and pros and cons and
like would you recommend somebody living
there um I have loved living in Logan
and I didn't like the cold either extent
from California but it's growing on me
I've liked it for college I don't know
if I want to be here all my life I would
say it's a beautiful place to live but
it yes
smells sometimes serious because there's
like animals and life is during the
winter no just during the winter it's
beautiful I feel like it's the change I
think it's a perfect college town but
not like a place where I want to live
forever well that was fun we ended that
because we just talked to Ashley for
like a couple minutes we're seeing more
about her stuff more personal things
that she probably didn't want on the
vlog yeah so it's fun to meet you guys
this is fun we'll have to do a question
answer about us but like we want to know
about yeah we should do that more and
they call people I know it was really
cool that's fine as long a guys aren't
worried in creepy is cool that's calling
you let us know that you guys a bike
that's cool
because we'll do what Google Hangouts
and stuff that's kind of fun doing it
hopefully you learned a little bit more
about ourselves that was it we might do
another one soon maybe even next week
yeah next question today sounds good
hope you guys are having a great day
Happy Easter
