don't want anybody else to chew call it
magic cut me into two it's finally
Friday finally tgif red did you at am i
right gonna work bad right tgif yeah
today something terrible got work all
day but I think it's a dudes night out
tonight photos me nice this weekend but
looks like it's gonna rain today looking
a little dreary those me sunny and nice
and warm pregnant women eating sushi
it's not allowed it is in my book yeah
the whole don't just say that right the
doctor said she could come and be like
no it's so bad sushi I just saw Josh
look at this guy right here okay holding
area bitch kiss service oh my you're
welcome that's if being the fifth one
was enough I did get chopsticks or men
so you wouldn't think that Utah has good
sushi because it's landlocked and that's
how Michael Jordan got sick and the flu
game but takara sushi and Logan Utah is
awesome it's really good and they do
half price sushi rolls so it's like we
just spent 20 bucks and it would have
been like 50 bucks somewhere else it's
it's the best hey guys we're still on a
date with Josh what from the fist build
a third will and we got something in the
mail from someone i know it's problem is
it from down it's from Jessica two blogs
yeah just continue on toast i channel in
the description because she's awesome
that was I gave her my address I
probably shouldn't have done that that's
just gonna come kill us what is it oh I
knew it I knew it no spoilers oh go
green go I outfit yes yeah Josh act like
it's a baby nice work oh nothing so cool
that was way way way too nice man
Jessica so this one gets my way Jessica
you are a college student and you got us
a gift and that is way too nice of you
seriously I love it you know how much I
love Michigan State she goes in Michigan
say by the way yeah it's party Aggie
throne throne sorry bro thanks Jessica
we love you that's so cute ferred will
no jobs things I don't know you know
what that place was packed i said i
should call Michael and then we couldn't
get a table that 45 minutes Mike Mike
you know what tomorrow is 419 baby your
birthday no
it's jordan restock day oh yeah I knew
that what you get a size 15 and up
though yeah baby morphy so what size 15
video nike tweet brother all the
business better in town I'm GM the team
great game valleys honey bun I don't
know how much saturated fats of that one
hundred seventy-five percent of your
daily saturated fat where are you
gentlemen what guys won no it's valid no
Jenna cos asleep and we're just dancing
my friends are taking me to lunch for me
the two thumbs up I'm sure way away
Johnny shall we Maddie's love this
people i love these people i love me oh
my gosh you guys you said guys oh hey
you guys you proved the mine I've been
very emotional this week may cry again
oh it's a boy you guys boy I love you
I'll gosh I'm gonna huge I mean it heal
oh sorry guys pick through fighting look
at this you god they're so I'm like
Easter flower oh and I couldn't resist
Oh cute I wanna go MIA it's a boy
it up I'm gonna keep that link you're
cute thanks guys bye thanks so you do
not me presents you guys pregnant
pregnant oh not pregnant one day
oh yeah I'm nah I didn't get even I love
Audrey me oh they're little bow ties my
so gosh and I thought this was like so
soft perfect gray or less or equal you
did graeme blue youtube fam my emotions
are about as messy and unstructured as
today's vlog was I have barely been able
to sleep because 1 i've been busy and
too I am just full of excitement I
cannot stop being happy about things
today I had a realization with my
friends and I said a couple months ago I
had no clue where I would be this time
during April I was like scared of this
day to come because I didn't have a job
I just didn't know what was going on
there's so many question marks and now
it's here and I'm so happy I just stay
up all night I'm getting enough sleep
guys don't worry I probably looked tired
in a couple vlogs but I'm catching up on
sleep this weekend and I'm gonna get in
a better sleep schedule but part of it
is I'm just so excited I'm excited that
there's so many people here watching
this vlog now I'm excited to start this
new chapter in my life with a son I'm
excited to move I'm excited to graduate
and you guys I'm bringing the camera up
with me when I get that diploma I'll be
like it's gonna be good I don't know I'm
just so happy part of it is from you
guys reading everything that you guys
say to us it's like hundreds of you each
day saying the nicest things about us
and I don't know I just hope that we can
continue to make you guys smile through
our everyday lives some days are random
like today but every day is how our life
is that I am so happy that we're doing
this I'm so happy that we're vlogging I
just had to say it on camera because I
don't know if I've said enough I'm so
grateful for all the new people that are
watching this I'm grateful for your nice
words I'm grateful for you as reaching
out to me tweeting me
everything because honestly you guys
keep saying that we put a smile on your
face well you guys are pretty smile on
my face and I'm not getting emotional
just like thinking about it youtube fam
this is the best it doesn't get better
than this and jenica and I are so
excited and we're excited to take you
guys along on the journey tomorrow we're
posting a question-and-answer we're
gonna film that either tonight or
tomorrow morning I think it's gonna be a
lot of fun to answer one of your
questions give you a little sneak peek
all the people are like are you as me
vlogging the day of the birth yes I'll
have a go pro in my head Jenica will
have a GoPro on her head and we will
capture it all I'm just kidding none of
us will be wearing GoPros but we will be
filming it all and we'll make it
appropriate we'll make it I haven't
thought a lot about it but I think it's
gonna be the best day of our lives and I
hope you guys are ready to go on that
journey with us cuz it's gonna be crazy
I also wanted to say thank you again to
my boy Tyler he has been such a support
to me these past couple days just like
talking to me about different things and
he's been shouting us out in his vlog
and some of you guys have come here from
his blogs and welcome it's awesome that
you guys are here he is the man Tyler I
feel like I have so many connections
with you it's just so random it's like
almost meant to be that we met via the
internet and I can't wait to see where
our friendship goes if Jenica were here
she would say to Haley something really
cute and cuddly because that's the way
your guess is relationship has been
going on Twitter I also wanted to close
out today's vlog by saying that you guys
need to go check out one of our good
friends they're called the couple
vloggers they have a channel on YouTube
and they have been a tremendous help to
me in Jenica to get our feet running on
this whole vlogging thing they found us
when we were about like 300 subscribers
in just a couple days probably like 20
days and they gave us a huge shout out
honestly it gave us a huge push and
vlogging they are two great people
Trevor and Karen they're getting married
in June and they're vlogging at all so I
want you guys to go check out their
channel today leave a comment be like
the family is here what's up I don't
know something like that be creative
give him some love we were at like nine
hundred 50 subscribers and Trevor hopped
on this channel he's like guys let's
gets amika up to a thousand if that had
not happened we would not have made that
thousand subscriber dance party and Shay
Carl would never have seen that and some
of you guys wouldn't be here a lot of
you guys so I want you guys to go
Oh show them some love I don't know have
fun with it I could do anything I want
to pay it back to someone's help me out
so go check out a couple vloggers i'll
post a link in the description if you
guys haven't seen trap tyler yet where
have you been go to this channel and
check that out anyways guys youtube fam
sanika family we can't wait to answer
your questions tomorrow so we hope you
guys enjoy this video today and are
looking forward to the one tomorrow
alright we'll see you guys later peace
you
