here's my wife pack for the day I don't
even know if this is a life hack oh I
just felt somebody I mean I don't know I
do know - no I don't know do well in any
one of these two chew magic
come into - what's up YouTube fam it is
Thursday and I'm headed up to work right
now I just had a funny moment last night
I was looking at my calendar I didn't
even realize what day it was anymore
because the days have just meshed
together I've been gone before that I
was gone
it's just been like such a crazy month
and I just realized that I graduate in
two weeks
I'd like a week of school left some of
the newer viewers might not know that I
work pretty much full-time almost and I
go to school full-time I don't know how
I edit the vlog to get them done it just
happens sometimes I get a little free
time I get it done between the class or
something like that
sometimes I post a vlog very late but
I'm just happy that I'm able to post it
and yeah but life's just gonna get
busier so that's just how it is
this just happened
do you want some sour patch gun well I
need it tastes like it tastes it tastes
like there's sour patch kids without the
sugar on the top I see them they're
coming in hot
you sure look so cute well big that's
okay thank you thank you nice shirt
guys as a success it's wearing any shirt
what's that face look like a mug shot
this is a sacrifice as I make editing
and exporting all mocking from work to
class hi mom hi mom
her eyes look so cool mother Teresa you
can't understand a thing I'm saying I'm
crazy
hi today just watching the black cop
yes well walking that class but I'm
watching gamer in the black hawks and
we're winning 3 to 2 right now and gotta
go hitch the rest
it's 8:14 and still light outside
ah it's a sign of summer coming that a
little bit I'm officially in my game
attire got my Blackhawks Jersey on
Patrick Kane here they scored a goal
tonight after being injured for a while
but I don't have the channel that the
games on I'm gonna have to order it
tomorrow so I'm still watching on my
phone hello over time here's my life
pack for the day I don't even know if
this is a life hack if you love
chick-fil-a sauce or another sauce
always ask for extra s4x
always always ask for extra because then
it's like eating chick-fil-a at home you
cook your own chicken or something like
that
go Hawks go Sam likes to pace when he's
nervous like eating pacing and watching
all at the same time he really wants the
Blackhawks to win uh-oh that doesn't
look good
you nervous Tyler and oh it's like a
hockey light that flashes every time
those team wins I want one for us I've
seen people set up like horns lights and
everything I want it so bad I was at the
NHL store in Times Square and they had a
light and I thought of his channel and I
was like oh my gosh I should get one and
I didn't get one
would it go off right now so our Black
Hawk soon it's time two minutes left in
the first ever time I I can't think
straight
he's so flustered I am flustered this is
the worst than best time of year last
year was just like miserably awesome
this year has started off as miserably
to be determined sailing Cup we're going
for it two years in a row and we're
gonna win it
nope so yesterday I showed you guys are
very dirty sink but I told you that I
would get it done and guess what peeps I
did
just take me very long very proud of
myself because I hate the dishes so the
back i flossed
smell-my now just watch like give us so
long and then to lose its just city she
is sound yeah I got her texting her she
tweeting that makes you stupid
after you
just tweet in my peeps peeps is your
peeps Senecas need adult twitter thing
and only reason why she started tweeting
is cos collect folder i think it's
already surgery i couldnt get it it
sweet but then collect follows or so
it's like I had a respond to my girl
totally not hundred percent happy that
is amazing
like dying that is so incredible if I
could paint anything like that yeah I
draw on stick figures I think those of
you that saw our live hangout where we
had a dried elephant looked like it went
through Chernobyl Oh where's Megan you
were so talented I just tweeted her
because of you just were watching this
and it is incredible she is so amazing
go look at her work we're gonna post a
link to Megan's channel in the
description so you can go check out what
she does she did a coffee painting of
tribe Tyler and now she's doing one of
us and it's blowing my mom she's oh good
and she hasn't English accents I already
love her I just tweeted out that someone
that has an English accent is already
like a hundred percent more cool they're
cooler than me more legit it's just like
any access we've the worst access hey
guys YouTube fam how you doing I feel
like when other people from out of the
country do an American accent they
always make it like a Western did you
hear a Hayley's Midwest accent in the
video yesterday she what she say
I found the clip I found the clip of her
Midwest x-axes like in class comes out
to whenever he says the word mom it
sounds like man I feel like I've lost
that accent living here when I first
moved here people are like what but
sometimes it sneaks out it does and
every time we go home it's like a a mom
it's just crazy seeing where all you're
from I'm like blown away you guys are
like all around the world like literally
around the entire world oh my gosh um we
saw this comment yesterday cuz we do we
see all your guys's comments and we're
been a Biasi oh and you can put your
that name I'm so sorry it says you're
from Turin Italy and that is where my
relatives are from oh my gosh we could
be related I'm sure there's a lot of
people there but really my grandparents
parents like immigrated from Turin Italy
to Argentina so hey look at that we're
from the same place kind of that's cool
I want to visit there someday um if you
have a Twitter tweet a picture of what
turn looks like cuz I'm really curious
as to what that city looks likes I'm
sure it's so beautiful cuz I want to go
to Italy in Italy so beautiful
goodness of learning about different
English accents did you guys know
there's something called Geordie Shore
I'm like when you guys ask me a question
that only Jenica gets and I've never
gotten it so for that reason I'm going
to answer it right now the brain tribe
asks what's your ethnicity Sam well that
is a great question
I don't want to know what Jenni Kazemi
city is though well I was born in the
United States
I'm not have Canadian I am a Danish
Swedish English Canadian American ish
and German just a white boy pero hablo
espa√±ol de France is we we Portuguese
invader Ebola Trejo
stop ah save Sammy Nabu
what did I say John I have no idea
laundry can be such a drag that I think
next time we go and do laundry we should
just start doing a live hangout on
Google like start talking to people and
then it will make the time go by so much
faster yeah but think about all the
people girl
the family cos global you guys are
seriously everywhere I am blown away
look at this holy cow just check this
out there's people from Portugal London
Ohio New York but I feel England
Illinois Scotland Australia let's see
right stop right here
Katie Hunt is from Redding California
that is so cool
who else Carlton Bradley he's from
England let's go back up that Quebec
Canada and I can't get enough of this
trinidad and tobago or is it Tobago
Tobago I think Tobago Tobago Eric tomato
tomato
Brooklyn New York yo Natalie why didn't
you say hi to me when I was out of there
and we got knife nerd he's just from the
Internet's perfect this was my favorite
one right here my boy Waldo where are
you Oh China I want to do this one more
time let's see
stop Minnesota franceska I've been a
minister noda so we call it Minnesota
cuz it snows there a lot I love to
outdoor walkways there those were
awesome so you get from building the
building cuz it's so cold in the winter
I got love for Minnesota sup grumpy
what's up grumpy you can't even stay mad
for two seconds yes I chair smiling
already someone's mad don't make me get
my movie voiceover boys out again in the
world where Jenica is mad the tulips
don't bloom spring doesn't come I can't
see maybe if you do that the birds don't
trip the groundhog don't see his shadow
how would you forever
it's so good
I jumped last night about getting a
cruise ship and just like going around
picking everyone up and having a big
family reunion how cool would that be no
that will never happen
I'd be cool it'd be awesome maybe we can
make it happen be the funnest cruise
every day oh we hope you guys had a
wonderful day
and have a wonderful weekend and I have
an itch on my leg and we have a lot of
funds stuff in store this weekend we
have some friends coming into town and
they're barbecuing I can hearing about
opening and closing every time I look
away
alright see you guys later bye
