she said she wasn't gonna eat one she
woke up and said I think I might last
night I said I'll never eat one because
I'm not eating any of those sweets but
today's a different story
Jenica Anderson stars in the crew loves
pastries on anybody has peachy
cut me into going to see the baby the
baby the baby we're gonna see the baby
to see how our little man is good
morning YouTube fam we're going to see
that baby the baby alright we're going
to check on little man this morning and
that's always exciting because we just
like seeing how he's doing it making
sure everything's going well I was
thinking though this morning how long
does it normally take someone to get
ready because you're pretty fast that
that's fair girl yeah you're seriously
fast for a girl I've been on like
vacations with other girls and I'm like
it's like two hours and then genic is
just like whoop today I got ready in
like 15 minutes
shower gel Cologne I'm ready to go oh
yes how's he doing right now
no baby today we didn't think we would
see him but we probably won't see him
for another 70 days unless he comes
earlier or later our doctors about to go
deliver a baby so someone else's baby
so no ultrasound probably I don't hear
in yarn anyway what do you do when the
doctor is running late you watch blood
what's up trap Tyler we're watching your
vlog right now at the doctor's office so
I'm officially 30 weeks and officially
you need to find a new doctor but our
doctor we have right now is super cool
and he was like being super nice when
you invite a new doctor because we're
moving yeah it makes me sad that he
won't be able to deliver a baby because
he's like so wonderful but he gave us a
lot of nice recommendations for other
people in the area we're gonna be moving
too
so it's a little stressful but we'll
find one heard the heartbeat everything
was good cuz you didn't say anything
about it yeah these checkups are just
like so routine now it's just like in oh
yeah he had a cup being a cup weigh
yourself
how much you weigh it don't tell no gosh
most I've ever seen a scale we only have
one more appointment up here where we
live now and then the rest will be down
in our new home so hopefully we find a
doctor and everything goes well oh so
after each of our appointments every
couple weeks we we got for lunch and we
celebrates another day and another day
closer to meeting that little man yep
and so they go get food I take a
strengthsquest
like strengths test a couple of years
ago and one of my strengths they said is
positivity it says I celebrate even the
littlest of achievements and
accomplishments has that been evident
yet I don't know have we caught on to
that like I was celebrating everything I
don't know sir you guys see that's like
celebrating like we should be celebrated
every day right there should be
something celebrate every day there you
go so let's go get lunch so we're
celebrating our little boy whoa hey guys
so I'm at work and this talent and it's
this old lady and this young guy and
they're dancing it's just hilarious look
at her she's 80 years old I've gotta go
back
oh no any grandmas who could do that
take all that time that this is clogged
it was overflowing while I was in here
this a lot of water sequins of water
perfect enemy yay let's put on some
what's that one guy called
I want you to rap yeah no good my friend
Lindy right here has a Taser
alright the funny part Azer is it was a
stocking stuffer me and my sister's got
stocking stuffer taser well it's great
because first it's a flashlight and then
I keep it in my purse just in case
just another day the photo lab tasers
flood prints hey guys so I just got done
with my pee class and now I'm at Old
Navy cause Sam had found some shirts
online that he liked so I'm gonna go see
if I can try to find them for him and
maybe I'll find some shirts for me too
so let's go see if we can find him so I
can only find three shirts that I think
he liked I don't know he might be coming
back to her turn to return them but
we'll see I also found two sheep
t-shirts so that was nice yeah Sam's in
his late class so I don't know how crazy
today's vlog is gonna be so he's not
gonna be home till about 7:00 or 7:30
and then I actually have my next class
safety once I'm learning like CPR and
stuff like that yeah this is funny this
is my friend in the white car ahead of
us and her husband and Sam were in the
same class right now it's perfect time
to pick up our husbands
okay we have a class I didn't forget I
didn't have shoes
put your hand up there yet and body turn
them as one unit you're going to go up
and you press kin and up one two three
four back over a little overwhelmed why
because she was very intense and talked
a million miles a minute and I don't
think my brain being pregnant can
process all that information are you
ready for anything else was so intense I
wasn't that nervous before now I am yeah
the lady that just taught that class is
like I mean wow
you've heard of scared straight for
people so they don't go to jail or
something like this this was like scared
straight so you know how to do CPR car
seat expertise and everything is
overwhelming but it's good it's
preventive things about it what do I do
you went I'm glad I went kind of just
like the way she talked about everything
like I never an accident baby's organs
are gonna be like this right now I just
felt bad for the baby already ah she
kept giving examples of different babies
and things that had happened to them and
I was like no I know it's just sad I
don't want to hear about that I know my
hair's crazy I just took it out of a
ponytail this is real-world sambuca
that's what human eye can do dishes and
now there's a huge battle I don't want
to do them I will do them I just don't
know what it turns out a lot of you guys
are from the area we're removing to some
of you guys are even recommending like
doctors that we should go to that was
that was sweet
yeah my Salt Lake peeps maybe we off to
meet up go out for dinner and check
Arama what's that one place called know
where the rest you guys are family you
don't this a city but like what state or
country or continent someone the other
day tweeted us and said they're from
Kuwait I was like yeah I did do that
that is so cool just do you guys know if
you tweet us there's a good chance we're
gonna respond because most of the time
we're able to access that better than
just like on the comments I want sushi
so let us know where you guys are from
cuz it's fun to hear about where you
guys are watching us from it's insane
just shows how big the world is how much
the internet just let's everything go
around right Jen right I just tuck same
time some of y'all are worried about me
signing out and hit myself in the head I
promise it doesn't hurt okay
do you need CPR
