but we are moving on anybody has but you
cut me into two Sam really wants to show
me some sheep yeah I was driving by the
other day you guys remember in
yesterday's vlog and I was like sheep
sheep I'm so surprised look it so easy
me see them got sheep in their
neighborhood guys this is not normal
he's staring at it I wanna know who has
sheep that lives near them I mean we go
the school is just up the street there's
lots of houses and then randomly sheep
and that guy's looking at you like an
afro day oh my gosh these are fluffy
they're about to get probably shaved or
something there's a scene from with a
called babe got me an ass steak huh and
I'm not as young as I used to be Cortney
you started so Jay vlogs you guys
remember Jay he posted a vlog today of
when me and him met up in New York City
it's kind of like his view of us meeting
up so if you guys when I watched that
I'm gonna post a link in the description
for you guys to see it I don't know
about you guys but I've always wanted to
have like a soundtrack to my life you
know you're just walking around and
there's music playing I think that's why
I like the montages with music because
it's like putting a soundtrack to your
life a daily thing like grocery shopping
I want to pay back Shea Carl and his
family for like all the love and support
they've shown towards us I can't think
of what to do yet though so if you guys
have any ideas let me know and post them
in the comments I'll read them all I was
thinking we could like barrage em with
tweets
but I'm not sure yet kind of like what
he did it Logan the other day I don't
know
we need to brainstorm you guys and come
up with something cool today someone
very important birthday who is it lolly
real name's not lolly but that's we call
it on the internet world and you guys
met her just last week it's my niece the
middle one and my niece the middle one
yeah and to celebrate her birthday I
have a gift for you Jenica from her
rainbow loom that they're called rainbow
loom bracelet right yeah she made you
that
oh thanks lolly sim has one too same
touring a black one kind of looks like a
hair tie though like I hope you had such
a fun day yeah we wish we could have
gone karaoke with you if you want to see
a video of Wali's birthday karaoke
I'll put a link in the description you
can hear their beautiful voices my
sister started vlogging she did yeah
she's gonna get a feel of it so you guys
all told her to love you OE we love you
we hope you had a fun birthday
all right well Bryce is so pretty you
ready for this you guys ready you sure
guys guys it's nap night I just said is
it silly that we're on the screen and
we're watching our vlog Jen never
watches the vlog until she doesn't edit
it I added it so then we watch it
together usually that's true and just
laugh or just like oh my goodness it's
embarrassing
ball night was a good time I tweeted
Austin Mills to see if he wanted to come
play ball but I guess he's like a
thousand miles away so next time I'm in
California he said I could go play with
them I said the loser has to babysit so
guys if I go to California and I play
with Austin you need to hold us to that
because kids babysit for us you have to
worry about it
I forgot to include some of our blood
moon footage yesterday so here's that so
did you guys go outside tonight or last
night because you're watching this today
Blood Moon luckily I went outside of my
neighbor had a telescope I have never
been so happy to see a neighbor with the
telescope and you winded up it was
pretty cool that's awesome and I tried
to film it right here is this the lunar
eclipse on what am i what what am I
looking for right now you can kind of
see it
yeah it's the Blood Moon em here is also
a picture I took supposedly the thing at
the top right is Mars and that's what
making it red I don't know if that's
true though Jen says it is true pick ups
again here's the hiccups it's so cute
it feels so funny I know last night he
Adam and I have my ear right there and I
could like get a little bout I can hear
like a liquid inside he'd tell me I wish
I could do something like scare him so
you get rid of his hiccups cute little
hiccup boy speaking of which we have a
doctor's appointment tomorrow morning
and last time we were there they said we
probably would never get another
ultrasound because the pregnancy is
going well and there's nothing to really
look at but we said what do you think
maybe we could do what and they said
we'll see so maybe fingers crossed
well good to see this nugget cuz we even
see him in a while we wanna see what's
going on yeah it's a long time I only
have 10 weeks left that's not very much
we're looking for apartments in the area
where we're like trying to move to and
some of the pictures are just like this
up like this one you know yes so we will
oh oh shall we take this to the bedroom
have an extra bottle of wine laying
there of the bed for you darling in case
we run out of wine we have some more
grapes to make some more Jenica hasn't
seen this picture yet but I think I
found a possibility of what our little
boy could look like because I think this
little boy looks like Jenica and you
never know are you ready uh-huh
do you know a picture I'm talking about
it I'm in the picture yeah where do you
see it yeah oh all right I know I love
that kind of look like you know it looks
like you know what you do it looks like
you this is such a flattering angle
when I bought Jen and me for breakfast
tomorrow good and only $2.99 are you
kidding that's a steal oh you wanted me
to be fat because I'm not eating any of
those sweets it's right here she said
she's not gonna eat them but I guarantee
there is one gone in the morning okay
YouTube fam so in regards to the job I
know a lot of you are thinking oh
they're moving to New York they're gonna
be with Christy and no the fam BAM is
that where we're going
nope I've been thinking are you guys
gonna move to LA and work with the
Butler bros is that where we're going
nope guys I hope we're not letting you
down but we are moving to Salt Lake if
you follow me on Instagram you saw that
I posted about this yesterday right yeah
yeah and we actually never expected
ourselves to stay in the state of Utah
because yeah neither of us are from here
I'm from Chicago Jenna cos from
California I was applying for work in
different places and of course the one
time I apply for a job in Utah it's like
well just feels so right so we are so
happy to be doing this and the place I'm
going to work at has a really cool
atmosphere the people that are nice and
I'm excited about it so yep it's gonna
be crazy
today is day 101 and when we started
vlogging 101 days ago there were a lot
of questions in our life the only thing
we knew is that we were gonna have a
baby it came across our minds like is
this a good idea because what if our
life just falls apart over the next 100
days uh-huh like what if we didn't get a
job yep what if something happened with
the baby what if this is never helpful
oh absolutely
that one thing we went into this is that
we had faith and we like just knew
everything would work out because we
have so many people rooting for us
praying for us helping us out and we
knew there was no way we're gonna fail
right so we are so happy we're so
grateful we're grateful to have more of
you guys more peep
thus Amica family
and it's just like awesome we're just
really happy where we're at hundred days
later and that's I mean to be honest
grateful to be happy 100 days later yeah
I'm happy that we've documented it all
as far so the question answer is until
Sunday but I wanted to give you guys a
little bit more about us other than just
dancing and craziness baby what's that
Jen this was like when we first started
dating as a glaring site yeah that was
like first started dating over four
years ago yeah that was like one of our
first things I really hanging out of
what yeah over spring break in
California love with him so that's what
we used to look like did he look
different
Sam used to buzz his head all the time
yeah that's true and he has really great
hair so he shouldn't be buzzing his head
maybe I'm gonna buzz it today needs to
get but this is the picture that I want
you guys to see this is when we got
engaged
yep and where was that at the Salt Lake
City Capitol building exactly we got
engaged four years ago in Salt Lake City
we don't have many times of Salt Lake in
fact we don't even go there that often
okay but that is the place where we took
one of our biggest that's the other our
first big step together by getting
engaged he put a ring on it baby I was
like a couple like 3540 minutes after we
got engaged
gents obviously happy and I'm obviously
happy were so little oh my gosh we were
babies not gonna lie guys we were babies
when we got married but hey it worked
for us yeah so like it's it's just kind
of like ironic it's strange I don't know
how to describe it that one of our first
major steps was in Salt Lake City and
now we're heading back to take many more
together my first little baby's gonna be
born in Salt Lake as long as he doesn't
come out while you're laughing yeah I'm
gonna try not to laugh it's hard I
apologize if I offended people with my
my anatomy word of choice so we're so
excited and we hope that you guys are
just as excited to come along on this
journey with us it's gonna be filled
with so many more new adventures we
can't
wait to have a new backdrop to vlog in
because this place is so boring
we haven't decorated our apartment
because we've always like oh we're
moving so we're finally gonna decorate
finally gonna decorate it's gonna be fun
you guys
the next couple weeks are gonna be
awesome my family is gonna be coming out
for graduation I have anyways coming up
graduation we're gonna be moving we're
gonna explore new places new things to
do we're gonna find a new place to live
and then after that the baby's here yeah
but I also have to find any doctor in a
new hospital and yeah there's so much to
do there's so much to do so you guys
ready for this The Wiz just getting
started
100 days vlogging let's do 100 more
peace
