hey hey I'm Batman New York City yeah
Mon anybody has to cheap magic cut me
into to my baby wants to eat the oatmeal
so fast and it's so hot that I have to
get our next bite ready yeah because she
that she can't wait kisses the pickle
camp just checking his tweets yeah I'm
talking to a kid named Tyler right now I
checked him out last night and then she
tweeted about him today and I'm like
holy cow she's like looking at this
getting last minute and follow them on
Twitter and now we're just chatting in
the private message in your nieces my
niece's bed amongst my friends that's
nice hey YouTube fam you know about
fakeblock singsong it's like our
favorite son huh take another mile big
feet Canadians are always funny get up
and down on my baby do you like this one
babies aren't supposed to watch TV until
after they're too sometimes you need to
be to get through the day we should i
head look Uncle Sam likes big boxing
song too everybody knows everybody knows
what I knows everybody know
do you know it's good they're Canadian
so are you you know that ap you're gonna
watch TV I got mommy you wanna watch
mommy yeah is that the tub who is that
why isn't anybody dressed in this house
hey what's up guys i'm at pt's burger
which is vote is number two best burger
in New York City in a second best for my
brother getting a burger right now
before my interview mine every isn't
like an hour and a half oh it's less
than that and starting to feel a little
nervous actually so hopefully this
fruits it's well got a cajun burger hey
dude with the bad choice you don't want
any wanted to sit well yeah but
occasions my style so hopefully it's
good it's not the most tempting thing
ever when you see westland you're just
like will notice of it but my initials
in it or handprint they're gonna get
caught up today no joke the minute i
said to christie don't do it the cops
drove by like I was like tying my shoe
or something it wasn't gonna look out oh
yeah I know she wasn't just gonna pull
the straw out of her drink and just
start drawing i did think about oh and
this is amazing it was filled in the
Melissa tea
first thing gets here yeah on your mark
is it go one two three four five six
seven eight nine nine seconds
how's that Burger is it the second best
um
4th West forth but okay the Emergencies
for real now because now she's on the
boardwalk about six feet from the water
hurry hurry hurry she's fine wow you're
like Superman hey where'd you go where
were you going is it strange that my
kids learn to ride a bike right here
pretty cool place to learn how to ride a
bike I to kind of feel like I'm sinning
right now drinking this cherry coca-cola
all right next to the Pepsi sign sorry
Pepsi good night one time I saw a guy
rolling his boat with his two dogs in
his rowboat yeah hey here's so fun my
interview is over there so I gotta head
back get my suit on start sweating a lot
and head on over hopefully it goes well
isn't this just beautiful guys like
honestly such a beautiful day just
people reading their kindles just
hanging out taking pictures by the Pepsi
sign this is what life's all about
taking in the beauty of Mother Nature
and construction because construction is
part of Mother Nature I've decided as
well
it's always happening if you've seen
baby mama they actually filmed here this
was like the smoothie Shack and that was
good but they covered it up with art
because I couldn't afford to fix the
window so fun little fact a few moments
later well here goes nothing one utility
later I'm convinced that there's an
algorithm to brainwash children to love
let it go you see what I'm saying don't
let them in don't let them see be the
good girl you always have to be conceal
don't feel don't let them
there's my mom
I think I hear Shay's voice like he's in
my house or something you watch some
Shaytards you want to miss a third
yesterday sound oh yeah I love the
tires i'm watching the shaytards i know
i hitting the shade twice bring it Shay
hey hey so it's Phoebe it's Pheebs ease
and i'm here today with my sis my sissy
poo allow lolly and um she's gonna show
you how to make a certain kind of loom
bracelets you can probably just look it
up online but no she's she's much cuter
but she's shut up are you ready you
ready let's do this so hello lollie what
are you doing today um I am doing finger
knitting finger knitting that's okay no
sorry finger looming this is what I have
literally just accomplished he's a very
slow person hey basically what you do so
i will be using purple and dark blue one
kids so comment below and guess what
instrument i play and if you guess it
right i will give you a shout out well
my uncle sam will give you a shout out
be honest be honest don't be generous at
all like be less than just just go blow
scale than 1 1 to 10 how am i doing how
am i doing do you see me you see my
first piece will it be everybody ready
buhat mawashi is going to carry out this
to mermaid mermaid pink pants i am like
nine sections of math that i need to do
ah spring break comment below if you
like math or not okay one of my best
friends Alex kdz aka the Grizz he's in
town we're gonna go meet up right now yo
it up going to shake shack right now
which is my favorite burger you think
you like in and out Shake Shack the
worst thing about shake shack is that
it's always packed because it's amazing
and then there's nowhere to sit
like this that looks so good
how is it hi the bird yet fresher good
though
so yeah you shouldn't care about your
left side or right side as long as I got
to be comfortable with yourself guys
we're in the most exciting place in the
world okay maybe not but it's really
bright Times Square as seriously as a
boy that's like my favorite place we're
talking about every time that we take a
picture Jenica has to have her left side
showing because she says that's our best
shot best side Alex here does not think
there's such thing as a good side on
someone's face might look better on one
side but it shouldn't matter what you
can't be like hey I want to get arrested
every time what do you think haven't you
definitely elegant so what is your good
side my good side is the right side yeah
and mine is the left side actually no
it's the right side wait which ID thing
I good site is like you're right sorry
you're right side you're right suicide
ya know I got a moron it's definitely
the side so your good side of me yeah I
got it I'm good on both sides that's the
Sun that's what I say that's a good
attitude to have New York City they got
their shoe game on point is that right
Alex yeah dude I had to bring Jays cuz I
was like I can't just wear in normal
shoes yeah i'm getting my j's dirty i
have a friend that looks exactly right
Roger Federer what do you guys think do
you agree I want you guys to guess what
time it currently is posted in the
comments and I'm going to reveal in the
next vlog the person closest to the
correct time is getting a full out shout
out yo i'm here with that man right now
come on mazey nice after you take one
for them or I'll take one of them no I'm
nice
who's this guy huh he's mad man that guy
right there what does he do you don't
know who is loco mas EU March Madness
mark man yeah football you are you know
yeah go grab my dad you know yet gone
point oh you look good everyone there
too well hey hey I'm bad man new young
shitty yeah you get done man try to pull
this is due to do a picture with me
he'll know what he misses I'm on my a
game in my I've seen ya rasu ladies and
gentlemen this is New York City is Tom
square today's date is April 212 2014 up
downtown plus the borough all of the
northway old downstate ah you kidding me
that's the guy yeah I have no clue what
just happened but uh you guys listen to
rick ross Larry Hoover's related him I
lived in New York this is where I'd be
right now waiting for those jordan shoes
with my boys that's awesome America
never stops working the subway is crazy
look at all these stairs I'm like trying
to find the right route
I'm just kidding I'm not so this is
where I've been wrapping up the vlogs
because the backdrop is just beautiful
and I don't get to see this every day
and you probably don't either anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog tomorrow
I'm going to go hang out with Jay
someone that I met on YouTube it's crazy
I think it's gonna be pretty fun though
also we're kind of torn on Pamela and
YouTube fam so what I'm going to do is
create a poll and post that in the
comments and in the description for you
guys to vote which one you like better
youtube fam or fam ago I wanted to thank
brassy 125 with that idea that was the
first person that I saw that said faneca
so credit to you guys vote family code
youtube fam without Jenica this has been
Sam vlogs lately and I can't wait to
make its amika again seriously I miss
that girl she is the best I've been able
to talk to her a lot and FaceTime
luckily I'm going home soon to be with
her so love you Jen I'll see you soon
this vlog is going up a little late
because instead of editing I commented
and replied to every single one of you
that commented on the video when I
loaded it up so I hope you guys enjoyed
that hope you had fun today and that
you're having a great weekend will see
you guys tomorrow Bruce
