when anybody has Bachir
cut me into two so I just chop Sam off
he is on his way to the airport I'm
feeling sad and now I have to go grocery
shop which makes me even sadder and I
may be feeling a little emotional but
I'm gonna blame that on pregnancy and
exhaustion which is basically the same
thing but I just wasn't making my
thought to go to sleep and less is what
I found and now I'm sad thanks a lot Sam
and I texted him and he said he sprayed
the bed with turd
I wanna wake up in the city that never
sleeps
coz I've been getting enough sleep just
got an hour or two on the plane and for
you that haven't been in New York I
think I spot the Empire State Building
I heard ever since I appeared in your
blog that your viewership has just
exploded yeah I was on there's been like
thousands of people yeah so everyone was
coming to the blog they're like I want
to watch Angelina Jolie's brothers vlog
turns out it was Avatar girls like I
don't even know what that means since
there's a lot of people that are
watching this that maybe have not seen
that vlog I'm gonna post right here my
sister is acting like she was Maleficent
acting like she thinks she's Maleficent
but then they were like two people are
like no oh she kinda looks like the girl
from Avatar I have two things to say
about New York they do the best pickles
Bricktown bagels in Queens I had a bagel
it was really good
and these glasses I got it fabulous
Fanny's sounds like an old grandmaster
well they have bitch frames there you go
nailed attacked people love me so much
in my town that they
my billboard yeah would you look at that
don't look at it I just showed up to the
coolest surprise ever like this vlog
miss welcome Sam good luck
that's love right there from the fans
hello you where you going
most adults don't like TV I bet most
adults have never even tried some
YouTube BAM do you like New York City
have you ever been high because YouTube
fans since that vlog so guess what
YouTube fam
my family and I mean seriously though
guys where do you get a view like this
it's just it's insane okay you say
Jenica yeah Jenica you're cute and you
know it are you cute are you yeah you
should do that
we are going to the mango chutney where
they have giant crepes maybe it's not
called crates maybe it's called a dosa I
don't really know what the differences
it's a burrito of a crepe she never
smiled sorry oh my goodness again
now give Samak it now eat it eat
seriously ridiculous look at this thing
it is a crepe of a burrito you know I
don't even know how to eat this
I'm in Soho which stands for but stands
for a soap opera I had to say in the
word house it Street and I was just
brand new to town
I was the minute yeah and I had a
feeling well Houston was one of my lines
and I had a feeling it was pronounced
Houston but I wanted to make them how
did it how did it come out
I asked what how you pronounce it she
didn't get me I'm guessing she did get
the job
yes this is my sister Chrissy's favorite
what would you call this a yarn store
hi bird sir but what is the difference
between each one
what's the difference between each like
I just buy color or what well they they
have organized the store by weight and
color fine too bulky oh yeah get
inspired and then you leave after
spending hundreds of dollars I'm feeling
inspired I'm gonna make socks what are
you pointing at what is it
this looks like the candy like those
dots that you
maker sings that song though that's a
famous song I think Oh dip into the blue
I remember that from freshman year and
you guys even hear that over the
construction this is this is real life
so right now in New York there's eggs
everywhere I don't know how many eggs
I'm 270 and my sister's been going
around staying a mom today and I don't
really want to win I just want to see
what you win a Faberge egg there you
have it so that's a way that New York is
celebrating Easter right now we were
just talking that this kind of looks
like a guy that's like trying to give an
awkward handshake like Andrew Hales I'm
off that was always a good guy yeah I
need one of those for vlogging a stick
it's Christmas in New York this is like
prepared it for that we found today
hello where's the elephant
see the elephant yeah what is it would
you look at that would you just look at
that it please baby holes that is kind
of like creepy because it really looks
like a baby and it looks like hole
because or with some real Dance Moms
right now not the ones from the TV show
but some real-life Dance Moms
yeah I seen that show ruk me
dead or asleep dead we're gonna ask
actual people here oh these kids don't
speak English here let's ask this boy do
you think she's dead or asleep somebody
walked up because that would freak
someone out if you walked up to a kid
that was with the mom and be like is
this child dead or asleep I don't think
it would go over well
Christie was just saying that some stuff
that more service than others and sure
enough right here all bars finishing up
I just sit under the ground yeah if you
guys want full bars on cellular service
its 14th Street have you guys seen a
Mormon temple before they're usually
white beautiful big they just they're
amazing
they have so much landscaping they have
tons of flowers usually it's just like a
beautiful place to go to did you know
that there's a Mormon temple in New York
City right there that's pretty neat when
I was a senior in high school we came
here to this spot right here to see the
Macy's Day and the cheetah girls were
there do you guys remember the cheetah
girls you remember they're on the Disney
Channel I wonder what the cheetah girls
are up to now Raven came out really
that's all Raven I sometimes have my
birthday party here and play like Red
Rover definitely got ok no
what I just
snoop dogg
hey it's Snoop Dogg yeah you can get
married in Central Park or you can just
ponder and write yeah I could really go
for one of those right now it's like a
full-body I mean all right what movie do
those little sell boats remind you of
DSE offsprings just like barely peeking
out right now it's all brown except for
a couple daffodils these girls right
here watch the vlog they said there that
flower came out with it it goes fun
little girl apparently little girls poop
let me smell it it smells like poo thank
yo don't stank
is that the mayor bloomberg's house is
that's what I love about New York City
despite tons of people living on top of
each other in these closed up buildings
you got a beautiful park just down the
street
so they're telling me that this is the
best egg to see in the city
on top of having an egg right here
there's a candy store on the top floor
so sweet what is this inside this game
called come a passion where they take
real stories and stuff and they make it
you own that outfit on a game what's the
game called
never heard of it yes what is that game
before wood it was candy shop this is
seven sweet there's like hidden away in
New York City a little alleyway we come
in here to this store and on the top
floor there's a candy store they've got
dinosaurs they've got insects they got
dogs they got Domo cars racers lizards
and cat my dad's a dentist I wonder if
he like those like teeth models Congress
always tell me that my gums were so
beautiful okay
crossing your teeth it's good for your
heart Hulk did you know that yes also
helps with good breath and gum health I
mean look at his gums my gums look
amazing I don't know if every time I see
three now but you have to floss every
day for gums they looked amazing
seriously so but if you don't boss
nobody's gonna want to kiss you not true
well the mantra I think I think don't
think people want to kiss you know we
want sexy
I'm kidding whoever good no one boy
swear my life so I'm really you're
looking a little guilty right now I
don't want you to go find anyone giving
you nothing for you blessing for me I
don't anyway whoa whoa whoa you're gonna
climb over that seriously because my
favorite is like blue raspberry sour
candy Oh sour patch alone are so good
that's a lot
cow mooed I'm mommy-daughter salt waters
you wanna see look fun for you I wonder
if you can dance in these so I'm getting
a crash course right now in parenting
babysitting this little cutie oh my
goodness really cutest do you know how
cute you are
are you sad it's time for bed hey
YouTube family everyone makes fun of me
because I say what's up YouTube fam so
like my sister her daughter is always
like what's up YouTube fame I gotta
think of something else to call you guys
do you say Mike a fam that just doesn't
have a good ring to it my cutie love you
you look you see hi say hi Danica hey
guys so I just got home a little while
ago and I just made something to eat I
wasn't lying when I said I would be
eating mac and cheese but hey at least
it's the Annie's brand which is a little
better right cuz it's like organic pasta
or something and sorry I have a lot of
footage today from like my side nick of
the woods but it really like Sam's
footage is gonna be a lot a lot more
interesting so just be excited for that
stuff I just want to say thank you so
much to you guys we feel so much it's so
many crazy emotions right now so you
guys are all so nice and we just you
guys are all so nice and sweet people
and we really appreciate how wonderful
you guys are and we really do like we're
so excited to have you guys a part of
our YouTube family to say that we now
have a youtube fan I guess but anyways
thanks so much guys for all of the kind
words and support we really appreciate
it
and we hope that you guys continue
watching our videos that you like them
so I'm going to say goodnight to you
guys I'm gonna go
help a friend with some cake balls cuz
we have a gallery show tomorrow anyways
love you guys I'll see you tomorrow
bye don't you guys miss her I do it's
just not the same vlogging without her
but I am blown away about you guys some
of you guys have gone back and watched
every single vlog that we've done some
of the new people old people we could
never forget you and what I'm gonna do
right now is I'm going to export the
vlog I'm gonna upload it really fast on
my phone or else I would have taken like
three hours and I'm gonna try and
respond to as many comments as possible
I know I said that yesterday I was a
little stressed in my interview and now
it's over and I can respawn so I hope
you guys are having a wonderful day have
a great weekend and we will see you
tomorrow
booth
