Oh what just happened what did what tech
did you just words have sublime on I
can't see what in the world what are you
kidding me
I don't know if I believe it are you
kidding me anybody has to choose
coming into to decided eat lunch with
Jenica because I haven't seen her that
much lately I could just fall asleep
right here with my badge in your face
yeah I could so you had a big morning
has your artist taco good I think my
thoughts that I did well it's got to
feel good to be done yeah I know my
Adrenaline's gone so I'm so tired
Jenna cos like literally a paper and
going to a few classes away from being
done school until you're doing little
boys homework down there yep you look
really cute today just check me out I'm
watching a pee on his life hanging out
an angel is a person mediate there's
nothing having baby yeah yeah
Andrews talking about Charles and Ally
trippy right now it's kind of like still
settling in the face they're splitting
up I finally believed it when Shay Carl
was talking about in his blog today if
you guys haven't seen that it is a very
seriously a viewer a big fan of CTFxC
and you're like feeling really sad today
go watch Jake Carl's vlog shaytan's cuz
their vlog will make you feel a lot
better at least a little bit yeah
of our business this episode of high
five take it easy brought to you by
chick-fil-a it's not so good like
chick-fil-a Sam's gonna longboard well
and agree we'll hang out with AP and
peeps he's weird
what I'm vlogging this Andrews
disgusting he's been wearing a bracelet
for week it has fecal matter on it
Andrews kept those on for weeks
hanging with people with some of our sub
no right you're in the vlog say what's
up hey what's up you're from California
are you Bennet yeah I feel like I you
said that once I'm in a comment or
something like that
this is really like on the Tuesday night
when Sam goes to ball night I lay on the
couch and sleep because I'm so tired and
I just want to close my eyelids and I
probably will and he'll get back at 9:00
and I'll just oh what just happened what
did what did you do I can't see what in
the world what are you kidding me I
don't know but I don't know if I believe
it are you kidding me how in the world
did that happen
Shay Carl said I'm looking for a
die-hard shaders viewer that has been
wanting to do something amazing it just
needs a little push what what this is
real no way this is real life so I
tweeted to him in Iran I said I held a
dancer
reading a thousand subs cuz imagine a
room full of a thousand people right you
guys know that shaycarl always talks
about that like imagine a room full of a
thousand people that's like a ton of
people I mean it's not a hundred
thousand it's not a million people but
still it's like party no way I don't
believe it oh my gosh how did he how did
that happen um the funniest thing about
this tweet is it's right by Shay's
picture oh my goodness
he's fangirling hardcore right now I
feel like a fanboy right now doesn't
except for Jenica but right now I'm
feeling kind of like crazy Jay you're
making my husband twitterpated well we
hope all of you new subscribers like our
channel thanks so much guys for
subscribing we hope you like our videos
gosh this is it guys you see my hair
right now it's like I was just shocked
electrically but no I was she shot it's
a new thing she shocked that's so so
he's just so tired so I was racing to
get miss Simon done that I'd do it
midnight and like I was already kind of
stressed out about it and then this
happened and I was like no I can't do
this I'm like I just ah but I got this
Emma turned in with five minutes to
spare I am you know today has been a
weird day I felt funny today finding out
about CTFxC Charles and Eliezer P that's
completely their business I don't know
them personally and I don't have the
right to judge it either I was think
about that today and Jenna can die ever
having like conversations about things
and stuff and some of those we even
talked like I can't remember in our last
argument
or like what it was exactly I know
Andrew senators probably over baby names
which is cuz Jenica everyday is like for
a long test room that's true because I'm
just but we're getting closer I'm easy
like 70 is days away and we don't have a
name we have not decided on a name yet
I'm letting him name the child I don't
care anymore I think we're gonna have
two names and then once we hold them
we'll be like yes well we do even have
this is two names there we do anyways my
point is that today was crazy because
shaycarl gave us a shout out and
honestly if i could meet one person on
youtube if I could pick one person we've
asked each other this question before I
I would meet shaycarl and you said the
same thing yeah like Andrew my brother
and I got me to start vlogging and
watching che like that that's what also
inspired us actually injuries I told you
about them right yeah you totally did
you totally interested you gotta watch
the Shaytards
and then he finally did yeah I was like
I just thought what's going on and then
like I sat down and I was like this is
funny and we started watching a couple
more and then it became like our nightly
routine like before we go to bed like
watch the Shaytards
and yeah it's very easily it shows you
how awesome the Internet is because
before growing up I would write a letter
to Michael Jordan like couple times
every month I would write to his fan
club I bet I grew up in Chicago I loved
Michael Jordan I just wanted his
autograph I was like Michael I'm your
biggest fan just send me an article I
did not I didn't get one response
because honestly Michael Jordan got so
much fan mail that's really cute I
didn't know that but guys we live in a
different day if there's someone you
want to talk to you you can reach anyone
for good and bad we hope that our vlog
exemplifies like you know what we try to
live and what we believe in it's just
cool like I tweeted shaycarl tonight
there's a tiny tweet and he watched at
least two of our vlogs and tweeted out
and now you guys are watching I think I
just found my new favorite daily
vloggers and they just hit a thousand
subscribers Shay's new favorite daily
vloggers no pressure
the king of vlogging there's no pressure
hi new subscribers hope we got
disappoint no pressure right now no
pressure
anyways there's no pressure like no it's
like this you'll watch us if you don't
that's okay too
sorry no it looks like David Archuleta
might serve vlogging we're gonna have to
have another subscriber party even
though like that's not what's most
important to us so like honestly like we
just had a party it's time to party
again and we might have to do something
so people get to know us better because
I feel like there's a bunch of you guys
have been around here since we first
started a something days ago and now
there's a bunch of new people I was
saying to Jen this is the most crazy
time of our life we're having a baby in
a couple days
we're moving Thanks no let's not have a
baby a couple days we're moving I'm
gonna get a new job I have a red-eye
flight tomorrow night Jenica and I have
not been separated for three years
longest that we're going not seeing each
other it's kind of funny yeah it's only
like four days but still we haven't been
separated for that like ever we got
really lucky with that I was like sad
today I was like ah
worried about my girl anyways Jen's
gonna be vlogging from home and sending
it to me I'll be vlogging on my trip and
I'm meeting someone that I have never
met in person but I met in the vlogs
like in the comments that you made cool
yeah so let's do this it's gonna be
crazy the next seven years stays three
am right now with school and class
tomorrow
there's so much to do let's get out of
here let's go to bed so welcome new
people we hope you enjoy our videos and
I'm just gonna keep waving like a weirdo
guys we already love ya
we'll see you later peace
