anybody has to cut me into two guys it's
like deja vu I'm going to fill them with
Stuart today we'll see how things go my
first day it was kind of funny we're
just like laughing the whole time trying
to like we were trying to like perfect
the prank and most the time we just
spent laughing rewatching footage and
just it was a good time so we'll see how
the day goes
I usually don't film on this camera too
much because I'm too busy helping out so
we'll see she has a bit that I rather
dear God
cuz I'm off enough famous sup heroes I'm
here with the Stuart edge you know just
hanging out in California right now
doing a shoot yeah it's gonna be really
cool it's like really sweet no one cares
anyways you know I hope you guys are
just having a great day you know taking
it easy
HiFi take it and really love you yeah
Angie we love you I just proposed to you
take it off like this
okay sup guys I'm ap and Stuart just got
a love now know how they hit you oh my
gosh
no no that's even when I tried to pull
Sidney Glade hey maybe she's really cute
and maybe this is maybe this is her way
of flirting I don't know it being
terribly expensive way of fighting being
at the home do you see my like 20 bucks
cash tip I'll do all the work
you know what's up guys do that cheer so
improv video ideas happening like right
now we just got done shooting and came
to my car that's just paying it forward
you know Jen how did it go like I'm they
call oh it was good she felt really bad
for being late but I told her I was
gonna be late so worked out
she was felt so bad still she's like I'm
so sorry
well heroes that's how you prank someone
with the pregnant woman so I'm exhausted
and also sunburned in case you couldn't
tell apparently being outside all day
you get burned especially when you
haven't seen the Sun in a while the Sun
is just starting to peak out here it was
fun filming with Andrew and Stuart if
you haven't seen Andrew Hill's channel
it's hilarious he does like awkward
videos that are honestly their cringy
but they're so great check them out you
hold this for a sec
we filmed a lot but I couldn't include
it because some of the vlog footage is
actually gonna be used in a Stuart edge
video probably maybe this week his car
got hit by someone and we ended up
turning it into a video I thought it was
pretty cool pretty fun then what'd you
think that was fun - it was interesting
it seems being behind the scenes there
is like a lot of quick planning and
improv that went into it I guess
planning an improv I don't know doesn't
really go together improv planning and
it didn't really go like what we
imagined but then it turned out it was
awesome so that's awesome
keep you guys updated on that and the
footage today was probably all just like
mumble jumbled that's how it was because
I was filming on the big camera for most
of the day so anyways hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog we will see you
tomorrow
