this is having a hard day today I last
night where Barnes and Noble we got Noah
some of these like ABC read and swipe
cards we got these big ones there was a
couple different ones there some cute
ones but they were smaller these ones
are a lot bigger and easier for him to
do and they're for preschool age so I
thought that you would find it really
fun now he he's learning how to trace
the letter and he's doing a pretty good
job and then he can erase it and try
again so I'm trying to teach him that we
start at the dot and you've got to go
down to the star and back around we're
trying to learn how to do it the proper
way to sort of just kind of like making
it up and we're trying to figure out how
he's most comfortable holding a pen
because yeah cuz holding a pen is kind
of uncomfortable for him still he's not
really sure how to hold it kind of hold
it like this while you practice and then
you got to go down you got to go all the
way around and down see ya pulled the
pin the right way yeah
and he knew pretty well that these were
ABC no remember Fox start you have to
start at the dot okay
well that works all the way down and
then around it's very hard today man
being a teacher is hard kudos to all you
teachers out there good job and sissy's
coloring - hey guys shout out to our X
bar for sponsoring our video today they
make awesome protein bars for adults and
for kids we have the kids ones right now
and they have three awesome flavors in
this box they've got chocolate chip
berry and Apple which is awesome and
what I love about these bars is that
they
pacifically say there's no BS in them no
sugar added no preservatives than that
stuff they literally say on the package
what is in that bar that your child is
eating which is awesome it's really
awesome I love how they do that because
it literally says two egg whites for
almonds five cashews one day no bad
stuff which is so cute and so awesome
and very helpful yeah the thing I like
is the kids get a lot of sugar s is just
a normal food and we try and lower that
consumption like that's an effort we're
constantly making they don't add sugar
to these yeah please
100% natural whole ingredients they are
soy free gluten free dairy free and I
think that's awesome because a lot of
kids have allergies and this would be a
great snack you could add them in like
lunchboxes after-school snacks you could
just keep them in the car your travel
day that's what we're gonna do we're
gonna have some well we yes we're gonna
start packing them in school snacks and
as we head for our weekend vacation do
you want chocolate chip berry blast or
the Apple Cinnamon I've credible Sam's
tried them all they're all good okay
which was my theory I think very bosses
right here yeah I think I'll do a
blackberry blast it Richard I think
these are great for like when your kid
is in a car seat because they're not
messy I'm really trying berry blast it's
really good it's still mine you want
your own okay you can have your own how
is it give me a bite so if you want to
try an Rx bar out they have them at
Target but we have a special deal for
you if you go to our X bar comm slash
sanika use the promo code
sanika you'll get 25% off your first
order yes charm out guys you like
honest opinion you like it wow you
really do you like it
it's haircutting place though that's
what I'm talking about let's get rid of
this unruly hair
I'm sorry hey let me see your hair Wow a
handsome would you get you got probably
a prize machine in there huh so cool
tonight for dinner
one pot pasta I was on Pinterest and I
found a vegan one pot pasta it was like
a creamy pasta coming off we're trying a
whole bunch of different types of food
you know new things and it was really
good
a little dry I didn't read the
instructions completely but it was still
had a really great flavor and so kinda
lunches like do that same thing but kind
of change it up and add my own stuff so
this time I added like green and red
peppers and onion and then I left like
the garlic in there and then it's just
like with almond milk and vegetable
broth what's wrong with your shoes I
know your shoes so this is just cooking
down it's so nice because I don't have
to like drain anything I don't have to
use more than one pot to cook the sauce
and the spaghetti I'm so convenient to
cook it like this and the kids really
like it and I really like it
family likes it so add some marinara to
it the kids liked it when I put marinara
on theirs last time to ask for tomato
sauce like okay yeah that's good yes I'm
gonna keep this how it is and half just
have a really flavorful noodles and then
top it off with some marinara so guys
I'm getting better I'm getting more
creative with the cooking Sam really
wanted Shake Shack tonight and it was
really tempting to like feel like yeah
let's go to Shake Shack because they
haven't been yet I was like no we're
getting out this weekend because we're
gonna be traveling so I said let's just
get home just turning out really good so
I'm excited try it guys let me know what
you add in your one pot pasta this is
what I added
we are currently
good first Arizona brother Matt face
to California yeah really excited we're
gonna
Frank Caitlin and her husband Brandon
we're gonna actually state an air B&B
with them and go to Disney with them go
in Disneyland
okay we could just drive I mean it's
still this meeting six hour drive yeah
it's four and a half five to your dad's
house and sinks to where we're going
a lot shorter than it used to be yes for
it was 12 hours or a 12-hour day with
driving the airport and landing and
driving yeah but so this is really kind
of fun and look they'll be cool to see
the drive that we take yeah
Spring Break 20 times oh yeah yes
and we're gonna actually take my family
on Saturday my stepmoms birthday so
we're gonna be today with my dad and all
of them and knows when they get to get
with his cousin Luke cuz I'll be really
fun not get to meet my new nice painting
we have fun friends family weekend this
guy's ready for California look at those
sunglasses hi how you doing oh it's so
many outside anyway the sense it right
now is unreal it's so windy oh no the
Sun looks crazy though ding he doesn't
do it justice just missed it
that's pretty cool though that whole
thing was like oh my goodness guys for
the first time in like a month
weeks I feel caught up we left the house
there's only one more room I really have
to unpack and that's the office but
other than that I feel really good I
feel like I'm caught up on vlogs I feel
like I'm caught up on projects for the
most part yeah I think I am and now
we're here and I'm excited too I'm just
it feels good feels good so this weekend
we are in Southern California we had
been planning this for a while because
Jenna his friend wasn't yet married this
weekend but we had this book and other
things planned so he decided to come
anyways and we're here we're excited
because it'll be good to spend time with
friends and also see some family that's
why we're kind of excited to live in
Arizona because it cuts the distance and
time and a half to be with family so
that's pretty cool
Jenna's mom is actually in Chicago right
now I think we're gonna see johnstad and
Diane and we'll see Andrew and Rachel I
believe I might be helping injured on
Sunday with this movie he's been
shooting a movie he wrote that's pretty
cool guys we made it
Airbnb it's like super late right now
everybody's asleep I'm just trying to
get everything done uploaded well give
you guys a full tour maybe tomorrow of
the Airbnb I think it's my first ever
being the experience where I actually
stayed in I've been to Airbnb either
where people are staying with
the first one I've actually like in it
it's actually pretty nice this might be
five stars if I do say so myself
the haircut gels get to be kind of I
feel like I can work on a lot of things
that I really want to focus on now
okay goals okay this is nice but first I
need to sleep
thank you guys for watching today I'm
really excited about this weekend and
just everything going forward we'll see
us tomorrow peace
good night Evelyn you guys Mario peace
I think I need some of these flip-flops
so great
love you Arizona
