Oh minute week yeah we just had a crate
party and we were edified by the good
word you don't know what General
Conference is you better google it right
now because it's the bow hey guys so I
totally forgot Stan gave me the camera
that's cold I figured I should film all
about what I'm doing and I'm just
printing out my last projects of my
career here and I'm really excited I
have my final presentations this week
I'm feeling good I'm feeling ready to be
done which is exciting
so yeah here's some of the stuff I'm
working on right now new prints I'm
printing kind of purply if you can't
tell I should just take them out of this
case there's another one but yeah I'll
show you guys my final portfolio when
it's all put together cuz I'm gonna put
together tonight and have my final on
Tuesday in the spirit of Easter we are
cooking bunny pasta with yummy cheese by
Annie's today look like bunnies
they taste like bunnies hmm mm-hm you've
had bunny mm-hmm actually I've haven't
had bunny stew I can't how it was cool
shout out to my boy Jay vlogs who had a
tweet retweeted 49 times and 192
favorites you mentioned me an AP in it
yesterday with Shay Carl and Shay Carl
retweeted it and just started going
crazy with it it was pretty funny
so Thank You Jay guys it's the end of
one minute vlog week excited I didn't
get to fully do all the one-minute vlogs
that I had planned I had some like
awesome ideas but I got really busy so
silver lining was that we did get the
vlog on a super busy week so I hope you
guys enjoyed it so I'm supposed to help
Stuart film again tomorrow I'm flying
somewhere else later this week gonna be
a interesting week so we'll see you then
where can I go
