Oh minute week yeah opening day at
Wrigley Field go Cubs guys I'm heading
out to an interview right now I'm not
even that nervous kind of nervous easier
goes oh my gosh I wish I had the camera
on because a guy just proposed in the
middle of an intersection with a green
light on his knees to a girl what the
heck is happening
that was weird oh why didn't I get that
on film every was like honking he's like
proposing in the middle of the street
what the heck we just got a little
package from a good friend if she were
to samokov loggs Megan girl you're way
too nice we love you that's seriously so
nice thank you I'm feeling huge today
guys the interview went well they
offered me a job so we're celebrating
with salsa Aggie rolls in a burrito it's
a party it's a party it's a party it's a
party
yeah happy Friday what at all it's right
night this was Sam's Friday dance here
we're good
okay okay Gumby it's like 10 something
here and it feels like it's midnight
because I'm so tired but good news I
finally changed my name yeah
it only took me over three years to
officially change my Social Security
card and so now I'm officially genic
Anderson married to this good there's no
turning back now anyways I hope you guys
have a wonderful weekend hope you like
the 1 minute vlog we cruise
