Oh minutes wheat yeah on anybody has to
cheese
coming into you guys it's finally I get
a one take we haven't done I get a one
take in a forever and I apologize for
that but it is Sunday and we're just
about to cook some dinner Sam's resting
right now he's taking a little nap and
then in a little bit I'm gonna have to
school to do hopefully keep my fingers
crossed my last shoot in my college
career but that's just if everything go
so hopefully everything goes well
if not I may have just one more shoe I
don't know we'll see oh yeah so either
the next clip will be Sam or me at the
school I'm gonna want to go one take our
TV's not working cuz if it's dorm it's
not a picture it's a video you guys
can't just smile you talk my crazy
family news of the week juice juice and
week just a man now yeah give me your
first
oh no not first just tell me I think
refreshing for all of my apple juice
lovers out there I've got something
special for you this my friends apple
with white cranberries
wife it is seriously so good we got this
um last night and it's already half gone
because it is that good so if you guys
like apple juice and you like
cranberries then you'll like this juice
and that's exactly what you'll do after
you drink it every single time we were
not paid opposed this video so we
decided to boil some eggs we want some
hard-boiled eggs and Jen just tossed the
first one in and I was trying to poach
some eggs that do some hard-boiled eggs
like that bring yourself what I did
needed up pretty fast cooking with
Jenica so here's the deal I think this
week we might do one minute vlog week
that's something that we talked about
weeks ago and we never did so you guys
ready for this
one minute vlog week since that's the
case I'm gonna throw in some footage
from yesterday that I would normally put
in the vlog on Monday
he's Jenica getting ready for her last
and final art show as a college student
isn't that right I yep I haven't seen
any of this footage but here it is hey
guys it's Saturday morning and I'm off
to hang another show so I will take you
along and see how it goes hopefully the
space is nice and yay for my last show
of the year well this is gonna take
forever
this is gonna take do-do-do-do-do-do-do
because we did possess
this is the face one last two walls yeah
here we go measure that's will be a
measure
so vlog also I ended up not doing my
shoe tonight we had terrible weather
here today it was snowing all day long
but I got a text from one of my models
saying she got in a wreck because the
weather was so terrible on her drive
home so I'm gonna reschedule and do the
shoot sometime this week and you crazy
and then I'll film then so no shoot
today but that's okay I'm just glad that
my model is okay this is him at work
this one's a him and ink the fog right
now today's vlog I kinda want to take
he's editing scary face that's scary I
thought I'm gonna this
all right guys so I'm just boiling eggs
and I'm failing at it who can't boil
eggs I think I need to go in that show
Worst Cooks in America because I broke
two eggs putting them in water
terrible terrible anyways we hope you
guys enjoy have a wonderful week in a
wonderful Sunday and they enjoy our one
minute blog
