great you made it this far welcome back
to cooking with Mike and Sam anybody has
to cut me in too - what's up guys and
gals of YouTube do any of you guys play
video games because I just got a bunch
of friend requests on Xbox Live from
some of you guys I posted my gamertag in
the couple vloggers vlog in the comments
and that looks like some of you guys
added me I don't know who is who though
I don't know this who so you gotta say
who you are because I'm about to accept
all these right now if you guys want to
play with me on Xbox Live my gamertag is
black Santa there is uh yeah yeah yeah
yeah all right so add me and then send
me a message on Xbox Live or post in the
comments what your username is so I know
who I'm playing with so I'm not just
like who is this dude grandma's kitchen
one four seven seven six also what games
are you guys playing I was thinking
about getting ghosts so I could play
with Trevor and some other friends but
let me know what you guys are and then
we could develop some inside jokes
with Mike
Sam and Mike cookie with Sam and Mike
and today we are making dirty dr.
peppers here's the ingredients that you
need coconut syrup dr. pepper and one
mine grab a glass and some ice and
you're ready for a good time
first you grab a tray of ice crushed ice
would be preferred but this trails just
you I baby now it's time to roll the
lime now ladies and gentlemen what this
does is actually make the juice all
primed and ready to go by rolling that
line on the counter surface like so
you'll cut that one and it will just
wear it out now can you feel that lime
getting something seriously laughs Kenny
oh yeah of course
let's do this next it's time to find a
cutting service
some people prefer cutting boards I
prefer Halloween plates let's put that
line there watch up now cut the line
like so making sure not to cut any
fingers off
welcome back to cookie might not focus
great you made this far
welcome back to cooking with Mike and
Sam take the dr. pepper open it up I
prefer the cans because they they have a
little bit more fizz as you can see here
I've already had a couple so the fizz
isn't exactly the same pour that dr.
pepper in next we take two ounces of
coconut syrup some people say coconut
syrup with us sugar
we don't care two ounces is also a
fourth cup I believe or 60 millimeters
pour that up my cameraman Mike doubting
my calculations but this is 2 ounces no
that's great pour that in you know if
you're a really wise guy you can just
pour any without measuring but now your
doctor beverage should be cooking Eddie
go next you're gonna take one lime I
usually put one lime in one drink but in
this case we only have one - like this
guy right here
just take that lime and chuck it right
in Duncan
now stir those babies up Oh better than
that please limes and poi clear that
sucker up
these bad boys ready to go up one tempo
mmm that's dirty sucio
how's it delicious is good isn't it
try some custom that dirty dr. pepper
tell the world what you think
magnifico
sucio oon dirty doctor better sousou dr.
pepper
the reviews are in this man over here
said that's the best dirty dr. pepper
I've ever had amazing well ladies and
gents this is how you do it go ahead and
make a dirty dr. pepper let me know how
it turned out I I almost forgot the si
Racha that's a sign of a good time right
there guys the bad guys just opened
there there's water and boom Mike's
never rode a motorcycle in this life
we'll see how this goes
he did it Jason Statham stars in
transporter for caution
children chills on wheels ice cream
caution children sounds good
so we're craving another dirty dr.
pepper even though I just taught you
guys how to make one we want to go get
some more so maybe we'll get some more
dr. pepper kind of just like the last
bit of it so guys we hope you have a
wonderful Saturday he only did like
three push-ups just now anyway so we
hope you guys had a fun Saturday and
that you enjoy those dirty dr. Peppa's
because Sam and Mike sure enjoyed theirs
and yeah yeah I want to know what you
guys think I want you to make one look
at the ingredients aren't that bad the
syrup you can find in your grocery store
pricing that's not that bad make one and
tell me what you think if you liked it
if you didn't or if you try a different
flavor of syrup if you did Pepsi or coke
instead of dr. pepper mr. Samuel buckle
anyways guys hope you had a wonderful
day and we'll see you tomorrow
