good morning everybody it is Thursday
morning and I was just going to make my
lunch I'm just making a peanut butter
and jelly I guess I had a total
pregnancy moment the other morning
because this is what I opened the pepper
to on anybody has to chick cut me into
two yep that's my jelly in the cupboard
and it's supposed to be refrigerated I
don't really know how long it's been in
there oops it's been that least 48 hours
some kind of nerves to eat it Oh stupid
brain anyways I hope you guys have a
great day and that your day starts up
with no jelly in the cupboard with
what's up suckaz I'm watching a couple
of luggage right now hanging out with
Juwan my boy Jay about to go take an
exam so I missed the week of school and
then I came back and I have tons of
exams luckily my first one went well
hopefully this one goes well as well
we'll see though anyways I'll see you
guys later and a little bit like right
now you guys living here is so weird the
weather so bipolar it would like
blizzarding snow this morning so this is
happening and like this afternoon like
four hours it was so snowy and now it is
so sunny it's crazy crazy living here in
the valley and I don't know if you can
see but the mountains look
did crazy because there's like still
clouds up by them bipolar bipolar we
live in a place that's bipolar it was
Antarctica cut this morning and now it's
so pretty also I can't tell forces Larry
not but it's Wednesday something Sam's
late night so we're just gonna hang out
did I get tall and also I don't know if
any of you guys kotik seven other read
comments for couple days but in
yesterday's vlog or the day befores blog
I accidentally called Rebecca Black
Rachel black there's a peep at you Henry
to a black face I don't know if any of
you caught that yes you guys did catch
it I hope I'm saying this right but
Peter Bay rig and Cheryl slovan both
notice that Jenica said Rebecca I mean
Rachel black not Rebecca buck good job
guys but I meant to say Rebecca my bad
sorry moves like been a time yeah yeah
yeah and we're having tacos like we do
every week yeah olay hey pretty lady
since we've wog every single meal we eat
the baby burrito hey we got the baby
because the baby in the tum tum see its
baby and i got sick tacos take me wow
you don't want it
oh my gosh here use my fork would you
sell this place on the side of the road
this is not I just went and picked up
Sam from class and I've just been
relaxing a little bit after my PE class
and now we're getting some dinner yeah
so we were just watching Jimmy Fallon
and Jude bawdy funny faces that were
suggested by little kids they'd like
reenact them and it was really funny so
Jenna can I are going to try and do a
funny face or just weird face let's see
let's see yours Jen oh that's not weird
you're still looking a cute okay here's
Ron to pull an eye vessel and I vessel
are you foolin I vessel I think
something connected to my goodness my
eyes are still watering can do you're my
face oh my gosh you exist that's even
better that nose turns so animalistic
just act like you're talking
youtube fam I must apologize the fog is
going up super late / early if you're
watching this and it's morning it's
because we've been at work all day and
then we had to go meet up with some
friends and watch some March Madness so
I didn't have my computer anything to
edit and upload so you know what that's
that's the way we live our lives that's
the reality this is real world sanika
yeah sometimes it's just not gonna be a
 oh that's okay you guys you guys
know you're cool you guys are cool you
guys don't want us to be fake to you
cool with it yeah you guys are cool
they're right all right here's the deal
who do you guys think had a better crazy
funny strange face in the competition
that Jenna can I had me or her all right
you know how to do a funny face right
now that's gonna give you more points no
you're scary you're scaring me ah hey
guys and you can the winner ah in case
you didn't know sparty one and tomorrow
I'm gonna teach you guys how to make a
dirty Dr Pepper a lot of you guy said
show me how it's done so I'm gonna do a
little how-to video maybe put a little
music a little dancing a little
shimmying and shaking maybe y'all let
Jenica even have a taste some you guys
are like why can't Jenica have dr pepper
this and that well if I can have dr.
pepper if I want to i'm just using
choosing choosing to not drink caffeine
she's choosing to be heavy and how
caffeine you can if you would like to
drink caffeine when you're pregnant
alright guys remember to vote for me in
the comments with ugly ugliest face
mm-hmm ever
