I'll have a rocketship birthday hey how
was your nap
you wanna see the dress
the neck hole was smaller but it it
ripped going over PJ's head when I tried
it on for the first time so I made it
bigger but I shouldn't have done that
your pants are on the floor in your room
anyway um but I did make it long enough
successfully I fixed that part so that's
good
now I just I think I need to somehow fix
the neck a little bit don't know how I'm
gonna do that but I'm gonna try I didn't
follow her pattern on how to do the neck
because I didn't have stretchy material
but I should have followed her pattern
on how to do the neck good morning
today is Monday it's 65 high of 65 today
which is cold here in Arizona I always
forget
we don't wearing shorts pretty much all
winter then people are like what are you
guys doing wearing shorts oh yeah that's
right isn't that right
you said yes do you like living here are
you even some gummies you do why do you
love living in Utah
you talks about tail every day minute he
makes up stories about him and I think
somebody has that's real but also legend
yeah all the time
spelled tau and constantly they're doing
things together which aren't really
activating the entail yeah so we keep
tone come visit come visit yeah look up
we'll make it up there again soon guys
ready to have some fun today yeah what
do you want to do spring training is
right around the corner and some of the
players have already gotten here it
doesn't really start for another couple
weeks players and catchers report I
think on Thursday but we're gonna go
over to the field one day this week and
check out the new merch at their store
maybe see if there's some players out
you know we were gonna get an autograph
or two who do you want to meet Rizzo
yeah today we talked about how Arrieta
probably won't be coming back to the
Cubs Noah's favorite player cuz who's
your favorite player I don't think he's
coming back
does he have a team no he talked about
that this morning huh a bad team he's
not honestly yeah maybe have you sent
him a video and say Jake stay with the
Cubs he'll stay what do you think period
what would you say to Jake to get him to
stay for them play for the Cubs
yeah Jake stay and dab in peace and win
another World Series
new numbers and things right now that's
cool
alright let's get to it hey peanut we've
braved the cold weather it's
sixty-five degrees outside we got our
jacket dog sweatshirts and we're walking
or walking
having a good time doing ups and lotions
I did oh sorry they helped me know was
helping me with his hands being testers
can smell great look how cute that
little backpack is though for sis yeah
it's been so cute oh by the way mom I
still have your stroller I tried to
bring it back to you in California but
Andrew wouldn't take it and give it to
you so it's not my house now Sam where
we going to eat Monday night family home
evening out bring a stretcher Alec place
yeah a new place
also I'm so proud know what plays hot
lava every playground we go to and he
makes friends at every playground and I
play hot lava every play-doh I want to
as a kid PJ likes rock paper scissors
now mama got ramen let's see how it
tastes
I don't think I've ever had like
authentic New Year's is coming hold on
let me see what you got there man
the ramen I love these kids are willing
to try all this how is that Penelope is
that good Oh
I just
you like that me this is like robotic I
like that meet who's at the egg house
egg thumbs up juice
now try to exist I don't feel like that
you want to try to a
no okay eat it what's the word you just
learned backpack oh you're not getting
that one
what's other word you learned today
what's this what's this right here
what's that shoo shoo what do you have
food gelato
good buddy yeah topping off family night
with some July that's good
we've been looking at the nutritional
information and everything was like a
fourth of what regular ice cream is and
we're splitting yes I know we're gonna
lose weight
so good we got mango the kids got
raspberry but all of the flavors are so
good
yeah Thank You Grammy and Papa because
of you guys we got to let oh thank you
for the Valentine's Day card for PJ
