okay we were adventuring a little bit
today we're heading out to a fun kids
place called urban jungle I believe sees
the kids see what's up our alley
basically huh you excited I'm excited
too let's see how it is dope that way
look at where this is going it's a slide
go up and go down on your bum
it's a just cool so far good to go
whoops we go damn you bum go down what
gun button
you do have this song I think the whole
world has this song right now
good job dude perfect perfect scenery to
dance this song
are you dancing too
you know that slide wow this is pretty
cool
when tail comes live up to come here
what's that being on it
I think this is Noah say what room cuz
these are like giant nerf guns which
they are push the button
we're just following out
my knee is not working
they're just falling out baby
spider-man
there you go
and
okay I'm a stoplight that place was
awesome did you love that place should
we go back sometime yeah you sure did
you were really good
he did he did awesome today at this
place it was really cool PJ didn't have
the best of times she got a few little
meltdowns and just didn't know what to
do it's bet way better for like Noah's
agent up but they did have a little
canary which was really nice but there
was one incident was like a not very
nice dad
that was in there with his daughter Oh
red light green light okay back to my
little story the urban jungle place was
really cool I think we'll definitely go
back I wish it was a little cheaper but
they have a lot of stuff there so I get
white a little bit more expensive it's
awesome there's so much to do I think
Noah was like what do I do next like
there's too many things to choose from
which was great great place to take
family when they come to visit it was
really cool um anyway but we had a
little incident looks like another
parent we were the only ones there for a
little while and it was awesome like
sweetie I hope it stays this way they're
like a few kids like three total like
counting Noah huge like three or four
kids that's awesome but then like a
bunch more kids came the later got and
then there was one dad falling around
his daughter and in like the little kid
area and I was in the ER cuz I was
bouncing between like PJ and Noah making
sure everything was good and PJ had like
tried to steal this little girl's ball
and I'm like and the dad was I don't
know like freaked out that's her ball
like well not and like PJ and I was like
they're already saying PJ I like go find
into the ball anyway smells the first
run in this dad and I knew it was gonna
be a bit night
haven't your shoe anyway then we're
getting like almost ready to go
Noah's climbing the rock wall and then
she like went over and saw that same
little girl and her dad on this little
surfboard thing and she like went
straight forward she wanted to play on
it little girl didn't let her get on so
PJ started hitting her of course and the
dads like freaked out like I'm not even
joking music like yelled and he's like
like not paying his row I'm I'm not
gonna exaggerate um he like forcefully
moves PJ off this of his daughter which
I totally understand but like dude you
can be a little bit calmer about it like
people kids I mean she's a baby
PJ's a baby and your daughter's like two
and a half like I'm like really sorry
that she was hitting this kid but like I
don't condone PJ hitting at all but I
also don't condone this father like
totally freaking out I'm like you
totally freaked out PJ she's crying some
other little girls crying and I was like
okay like when kids do like - PJ or Noah
whenever they pit I'm just like oh no no
no like be soft with their someone
else's kid and usually that the parents
already they're like telling them not to
do that and when my kids have done that
to other kids I'm like I'll tell them to
stop hitting or whatever but this dad
was a little rude about it and my momma
bear and he was like oh like I think I
got a little heated in my face I was
really upset no I'm just like sorry
about that and like walked away I didn't
want to like yell at him but oh I'll
tell you the story parent it wasn't that
bad but I was my mama bear and me got a
little frazzled knows about you like no
they were being good PJ just was not her
best self
thank the staff he could have been a
little bit nicer because he do the baby
justice does a crazy right now though
just breathe
I wish you could see them better it's
like the perfect shade of yellow it's
making me go scorpion hunting with him
it's weapon of choice night this is the
criteria what are you still wearing PJs
necklace welcome to the first high score
creepy hunt haven't seen any more in the
houses yes on the live stream we talked
about how we've seen three watts and
three and I killed seven scorpions last
night but you've been hunting for them
though around our house but not least we
also want to eliminate them there's one
at the mailboxes there every single
night he always sneaks under the crack I
got him last night and tonight I bet we
get to seriously let's get to oh my gosh
general it's all about deceptions I try
and trigger I can't do oh my gosh you're
crazy
and I don't want to do this but he's
making kids he can't fight and kill that
that's a whole book I don't want to see
that up breakfast but I can't see I
don't want to see
there's that one right there seriously
the dead Oh baby I don't like it I don't
like where'd that one go over here Sam
wait they're too far away now I'm scared
wait wait up there oh no that's just
weird spotters bird poop ladies and
gentlemen we have found our first
scorpion no it's blurry well there's a
scoreboard that's that first lizard you
see the lizard and the scorpion oh my
gosh of it do lizards eat scorpions babe
is this I don't know holy crap I love
that lizard which we named him Frank
Frank
think those scorpions in our house we
didn't they spray the scorpions are like
smart and they're staying away from this
braid area well we haven't seen any info
that's true you still see that yeah
crane what nature's you know play out no
killer do you I don't know the loser may
get stung come back what I don't want to
miss it
just check the whole perimeter app and
we didn't see any more which is a good
sign beside a couple that were dead
just that haven't been eaten which is
good news there's no bugs yes I can see
it I need
no I'm not getting right up on that baby
buddy kami
okay me sorry buddy but I've got kids I
can't see you what does he look a pin
and a way to protect that's our guest
room dessert dessert you miss well
though there's gone he's like you jump
down go get it now I missed my first and
then I brought it down it was there it
is gonna be happy tonight that's all I
got to say what do we name
where's your face where's your lips lips
lips mouth
sorry bath darling you're very mad
that's mean
