so this is happening anybody has come
into hello YouTube Emily I haven't I
feel like I haven't vlogged in a while
last week was just crazy and then
getting back we're so pine we're like
how are we gonna figure out how to catch
up and get back on the regular daily
schedule so we're gonna try to figure
that out this week but anyways it is
Tuesday night and Sam has been at ball
night I'm sure he'll insert a clip of
him saying well night or just use that
really awkward clip of me just now
anyways oh I'm just waiting for him to
come home I've just been chilling and
relaxing and I took a little nap because
that's what I do on Tuesday nights and
informed me that I take some toothpaste
even though I should probably be
cleaning or something but yeah it's kind
of weird giving back into the swing of
things being gone for two weeks cuz we
had spring break and then we had the
whole week in Chicago so I'm a little
behind on some tours and some other
stuff so this will be a pretty crazy
next couple weeks schools wrapping up we
only have 5 5 weeks left which gives me
anxiety because we're almost done
for reals for reals and it is crazy so
it's gonna be an exciting couple of
weeks busy couple of weeks a lot of
footage or probably us after school at
night like usual
cuz projects are doing pretty crazy
anyways I hear Sam coming at the door
that surprised him
oh what a man carrying all the groceries
inside I cooked a Lean Cuisine pasta I
was bawling are you trying to fatten me
up I'm already in my weight guy that's
on you've been around a while
well that's a wrap okay yeah seriously
Sam love song take it easy
did a little collab with Sam and made a
song making fun of me being pregnant
tricks for the night tricks for the
night
alright I'm throwing a third one in and
throw the third one in oh no not the
sanika trophy the real reason for Sam's
donut buying like a dirty dr. pepper
I've never had one so it was really nice
to them to think of me and get me a
donut
so I wouldn't feel as bad but still the
donut shop
oh wait wait let's see how this goes I'm
jealous
you don't like coconut yeah I like pina
coladas well I like dr. pepper with
anything dr. peppers the best son in the
world what's your favorite soda actually
probably ask that question but here's
the real test to get me the donut I like
know what is that I don't know about it
what the heck is that I have recognized
that donut well I guess I like that I'm
just just gonna add to my inflated
cheeks and my inflated gut hello this is
where the doughnuts going I eat cookies
and sweets yes I do especially when I'm
pregnant
don't ahead Sam is it donut wait I want
to try to put your face in the hole okay
Sam meat is dirty dr. pepper yeah just
the perfect drink after playing
basketball and becoming super dehydrated
some drinking some pot to make you more
dehydrated
we wanted to put a sliver of lime on
there it looks dirty it's delicious and
I'm so jealous first reaction he said
one of his co-workers has been drinking
these at work so made him want one hmm
and again that's it there's no alcohol
for those of you are wondering dirty
doctor paper does not have alcohol
it's just coconut coconut syrup lime and
dr. memory oh my gosh that is freaking
amazing you like it yes it tastes like a
dr. pepper pina colada
a dr. pepper pina colada I suppose my
god lime in there and it is incredibly
refreshing right now oh my gosh that
tastes so good I shouldn't have had any
bears up one more sip yeah that's pretty
good on a skill oh my god
nine point five no I think that's an 11
maybe if it's maybe a 15-ton like a
little how-to maybe if you guys are
interested in tomorrow's vlog I OPOs
have to you guys I'm not joking you know
how much I love drinks that is so good
how to make a dirty Dr Pepper air post
in the comments and I will teach you how
a little how to after the baby's born
I'm having a five of this it's like
extra sugar though yeah cuz the syrup
it's a cure sugar but it tastes good oh
my gosh just with the coconut I think
it'd be amazing
yes I put for the Chicago Bulls Chicago
basketball baby
I told them it was ball night and then I
said ball night
boom Sam rearranged his little area so
yeah he goes through phases where he
rearranges recipe I did right here it's
not a great I need to put that little
lime wedge and a straw next time it
looks delicious
yeah I rearranged my desk couple monitor
up their name is your weird like that
pepper if you like dr. pepper try it and
that's how it's done ladies and
gentleman chores complete floors vacuum
to come right-handers babies follow me
of these vlogs baby
please get this weather outta here so
this is happening it's snowing like
crazy right now and I am wrapping up the
vlog Jenica has the camera so I'm using
my phone right now sorry for the poor
quality of video that's just how it's
gonna be
holy cow this is insane it's like the
end of March it's supposed to be spring
and I don't know if you guys can see the
flakes but they are coming down super
hard anyways if you guys want me to do a
how-to video on how to make a dirty dr.
pepper your post in the comments and I
will do that in the next vlog if not
then say no I don't want that do you see
this do you see this this is ridiculous
what is going on anyways I am freezing
this is ridiculous hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog today umm if you're new to
watching the vlog and we don't know who
you are well just know who you are
post in the comments say what's up and
we will see you guys tomorrow
