back in the saddle again back in the
saddle don't want anybody has to cheap
magic cut me into two guys were back in
the saddle again back on that daily
grind of work and school and new fun
that's weird being back and some weird
were gone for two weeks we have a new
neighbor thats moved in and we just
introduced ourselves to her briefly and
she's like I think that's had moved
because we were gone for a whole week
and they saw is probably put our TV in
the car and yeah I remember that when we
took the TV to Curtis hey guys so it's
Saturday we just got back from Chicago
back to Utah last night and then today
this morning was the burial the burial
service for Sam's grandpa
but salmon Courtney is sister both came
down with some sort of sickness last
night so neither one of them can go to
the service today so that isn't fun but
I went with his parents and then now
we're just gonna get ready and head back
to our house for the day and 10 just for
forever now no wait that sounds so now
we're just packing up and we're about to
check out of the hotel we're staying in
and then we're gonna head home and say
goodbye to all of our family which is
really sad i think i got food poisoning
last night and my sister must look on
that too it was really weird i don't i'm
not one to just get like sick where I
like feel really ill it's like probably
happened like only a couple of times my
life the lesson I was like oh man I did
not feel well and jenica knew I didn't
feel well because the minute we got into
her hotel room I was just laying there
in the bed like I'm ready to go to bed
and I'm never like that so she knew
something was up I like the view here
Tigers up Oh a little roof and I could
get on my window and walk around it's
kind of creepy I didn't even get to
enjoy this little bar area you guys I'm
just sitting here in my apartment
watching the shaytards vlog you know I
love watching them whenever runs that
playlist and my brother ap is that
playlist right now with a Stuart edge
and I was watching the blog and YouTube
on Wednesday at his house alessandra ya
know just like it out chat about YouTube
you okay he's on the shaytards blog
hahahaha except for wives arms all
folded and their students make magic
tricks oh look at him looking at there's
a baby it's good I scared Sam cuz i
started freaking out like hey hey late
dale i'm watching fun for Louise vlog do
I spot again
JP said you and Rachel blacks face guess
who's back back at home away from home
yes we're back back at home hey is that
bright guys that bright can you see that
look like yep he said this on your right
jessica has a shoot tonight me being the
loving husband that I am I'm going to
help remove the heavy stuff so she
doesn't get hurt thanks babe probably
have chocolate in my teeth right now
this is the work that goes into getting
a shoot to be perfect you gotta start of
this thing in the bobber delight softbox
I get the lights all I love working at
connected Elliot she's become a
professional at it soft boxer got all
these crazy weird stands ya got that
thingy majigger then the other this
little thing on action
pretty I love that let's do that one
more time and go
how pretty so how'd your shoot go Thank
You one alright not as bad as I was
expecting it to go happy we'll see I
never know if I'm happy until I edit
them this is crazy i thought these were
actually real feathers but they're drawn
look at that it's amazing which weakens
our rounds real feathers I know it looks
like those are real yeah she paints real
feathers that is crazy yeah oh these
look real nope they're not there's new
art up Carew this is called purple lady
Majesty trippy did some watercolor
paintings done 328 a.m hello everybody
is what day is it okay oh gosh it's only
Monday it's Monday night and I just got
back from class and Sam is setting and
doing other stuff and i'm watching vlogs
from people's playlist live guys i just
need to ask you kiss me just bought
maker studios for five hundred million
dollars maybe not up to 950 bail yet
awesome general is a millionaire
straight carl is a millionaire shaycarl
is a hey haley said you know he said
good job to those other people who are
millionaires and one day i want to be a
millionaire oh nothing about it son now
keep my share Carl stop during the days
a millionaire good job Shay way to be a
millionaire you deserve it man yeah yeah
for real that's awesome it's we're
pumped for maker what a what a dream
come true for those guys and gals I
think I want to be a part of the Disney
family it'll make your Studios what's up
yeah anyways back to what I was talking
about have you guys ever
tried these bad boys can you see what
those are dole dippers they're amazing
yeah we have only tried the banana ones
if yes they have dark chocolate banana
ones and they are so good we just don't
buy cookies or sweet and then we saw
they had strawberry so we decided to try
those and they are just as freaking good
so you guys see these at your store you
need to try them ASAP they're a little
pricey but it's worth it seriously I'm
gonna go eat my last pack right now well
this vlog tastes like vomit get it vlog
vomit just all over the place we're
still getting back in the groove it's
been a weird week I've had two exams but
I did good on them shout out to my boy
ap my bro-in-law Jenna cos brother who
went to playlist live last week we want
to go to playlist live next week next
week next year next year and possibly
VidCon this year I'm not Ian we're gonna
be this are you guys going to playlist
live next to your vid con this year let
us know in the comments do you want to
go is that something you always wanted
to do or you just like whatever because
it would be fun to go one day and meet
tons of people i'm not sure if there'd
be people that would want to meet us
necessarily but like we could meet other
people we're tired it's officially less
than 100 days like 90-something 92 93
days until the baby is due we're
seriously in the last third of it the
third trimester it's seriously crazy
that seems like a long ways away but
that will be here before you know it and
we're done with school in like five
weeks I don't think about it five weeks
and a whole new world of opportunity
awaits us so post in the comments if you
guys are planning going to VidCon or
playlist live next year but something
you ever want to do because we want to
know because if we did ever go we'd want
to meet you guys cuz y'all are sweets I
you have a good night see you later now
proof
