bcy leg busy Whaley even pasty yo by
left face to hear what anybody has
peaches
cut me in Tintin it's a great day of joy
and gladness brought us a great joy and
gladness ever since
thank you need to get back I'm going on
the way back learn to drive yo it's been
a while we've just been enjoying each
other's company but today is the
Kourtney's official birthday we just
drove by of wicked a memo Buca di Beppo
wherever Jen
I don't know
the Cheesecake Factory and for some
reason in the menu there's ads this menu
is already a book and now there's ads in
it what the heck
happy birthday what do we do chicken
aren't you oh you have chicken - chicken
sliders and para hacerlo pasta Becky la
boca and fish suckers okay mama
what did you get Oh chicken enchiladas
and the vegans eating cheese no no no no
you can escape that I choose I choose
legit you got the tip of the young lady
no cheese
Wow
Peters peanut butter cheesecake right I
come from the future that cheese take
one up making you feel sick but you ate
it anyways all that chocolate chip
cookie dough goodness gracious
what's one of your favorite memories of
your daughter Courtney really quickly in
30 seconds or less the lung that she
expresses towards all the members of our
family constantly a memory that's a tree
well when she lifted up little Silas
when he came running off the car today
yesterday two days ago that was my
favorite mineral Wow yeah and there you
have it folks
don't know by now I'm talking
there are a lot of vanity plates I don't
know I've noticed I saw one yesterday
that said dope this is what happens
after a long week sleep sleep sleep
we are walking very fast because it took
over an hour to get checked into our
foot and it isn't the weirdest hallway
ever I've been to this Airport a ton of
time tonight I've never been and the
strange
long hallway they even scanned my hands
for material so good time whoops I'm
good
I've never experienced German okay like
this
we don't know if airbags made it well
we're officially back in the yes I'll
see here so like city you can't really
see with that little bright bright thing
right there is where we got a cage at
the Capitol and Salt Lake City Utah
anyways week in Chicago I can't see his
face but they're saying yeah that was
another vlog from last week because
we're actually back Jenica was super
nervous that we weren't gonna make the
flight she was stressing hardcore isn't
that right yeah no it's just I'm so bad
that I cried a little I didn't know she
cried until I landed because we didn't
get to sit next to each other we were
seriously the last ones on the flight i
sat next to a kid that goes to MIT in
place for the basketball team though and
we watched the March Madness and the
flight the whole time so that was kind
of cool but I didn't cry because you
relay I just had a lot of built-up
emotions from the whole week it was just
a really tiring week and long and
emotional I already said that and then I
asked the feyten if I could go to go
Peaks I had to go so bad and she said
well I'm not gonna say yes or no because
but the buckle your seatbelt sign was on
and that just sent me over the edge was
it the Australian if ID attendant does a
girl cuz there was not really a flight
attendant and he was really cool and
enjoying a roast beef sandwich in the
back and he offered me some what's your
favorite airplane snack or beverage
ginger ale man I'm a cranapple girl I
will take all the snacks that they offer
me that out to my hashtag team ginger
ale every time we're on a flight you
know we're sipping that ginger ale only
on the flight sometimes you know we both
saw the ginger ale for a special
occasion but there's nothing like a
ginger ale 30,000 feet up in the air you
know what I'm saying team did drill
JetBlue does have the best necks they
have like the chips the blue chips you
can get cookies you can get tons of
different things you can get munchies
and you can ask for as much as you want
and they give it to you yeah but the
last time we flew JetBlue we had just
like a handful of snacks and it was
worth every single dollar we spent on
that flight post in the comments below
what your favorite snack or drink is
because you know he always have a gun to
snack or drink on the plane you'll see
you guys tomorrow booth
