hey guys it's Sam what's up YouTube fan
studies party 1 anybody has Bachir
cut me in two - what's going on me
familia de YouTube I am back in my home
turf here at school and work putting
some vlogs together you might have
noticed that there were a couple days
that we didn't get a vlog up well I'm
not sure what I'm gonna do because I do
have some footage I just didn't have
time to edit it and I wanted to spend
time with my family so today's vlog
might not be the best one but it's a
bunch of footage that we just slapped
together from last week of one day and
maybe in the upcoming days I'll post
like two vlogs in one day but we'll see
I'm not sure yet it's good to be back it
was good to be with family guys enjoy
this video footage this is a huge that's
huge right now what's it in man would
you do can you fight that whoa
I'm flesh
Oh
what does Red Tornado do you mix
tournedos you know we got the gangsta
babe gangsta
I'll post it up sleeping
okay hit it ready knock it out of the
park hey YouTube fan so we just had a
funeral for our grandpa and it was a lot
of emotion there was a lot of people
there and it was kind of amazing to see
how many people are in his family and
what a legacy and so it was really great
to think about his life and the effect
he's had on us and other people and
really draining so I was really good to
see Sam and Jonica it was really great
to see Sam Iike and even though it was
just you know not on the best of
occasions but it actually was a good
occasion because we got to think about
love and hope and family so it was
really great seeing you I am not really
seeing you because I'm just talking to a
camera actually it's a Canon PowerShot
ELPH 3 3 o HS so it kind of feels
strange but it was great vlogging and
fun and see you next time Spidey's party
boom Spidy Spidy Spidy Spidy Spidy
to win this game right now
guys I refuse to wear pants I have to
wear shorts even though it's too cold I
just figure if I dress like it's warm
maybe mother nature will cooperate but
still a bit chilly
sanika vlogs question of the day we have
one weekend of March Madness in the
books how is your guys bracket doing did
you fill out a bracket maybe you didn't
my bracket is still going strong my
final four is intact I won't tell you
who it is yet but I think you guys know
who I got when is it all voted boys body
body body
anyways post in the comments let me know
how you guys brackets going who you guys
picked and if you watched any games this
weekend couple more vlogs coming this
week maybe two in one day
most likely we'll see what happens until
then
