hey YouTube there do you like bald heads
would you rather have hair or a bald
head what kind of milk do you like
YouTube fan I'm a boob man my stuff what
about you
comment below boobs cow go soy rice
almond out for the boobs if I were you
on anybody has to choose come in to -
hey guys so it is Wednesday morning I'm
pretty sure it's Wednesday yeah and
anyway today will probably just be a
bunch of random clips kind of thrown
together Sam's gonna be gone for most of
the day doing stuff for the viewing
tonight so I'm just going to try to get
some clips of what I'm doing today I'm
just hanging out with the rest of the
family um his second oldest sister just
got in and so they're on their way home
with our new little nephew and our other
little nephew and then the oldest sister
gets in this afternoon so it's gonna be
a fun day up until later this evening
when we see the viewing but we're going
to try to enjoy ourselves and eat joy
each other's company so I'll try to get
some clips for the day of our new little
nephew yeah we'll see how it goes
they're here they're here they're here
I'm so excited to see that well let's go
get them now we've been using for our
video churches and good to see you let
me see that smile
should we see that smile
oh he's smiling a Grammy oh my goodness
blue eyes I cannot handle it they look
more blue than his sisters I know you
may be alert you Bab Euler don't wheat
is that fun honey
oh yeah hi honey
ha ha ha see the smile this is my first
meeting guys this is me and uh this is
you in three months isn't he so cute
what's up bud
he was laughing earlier hungry hey how
does this make you feel I can't wait
that little guy like rice well you will
this is the other side of you look at
that beautiful a head but my brother
three very short months Sam big fast do
you think so fast oh you look like a dad
you're not go crazy soon you think get
out of my face everybody like you know
let us boys chill huh yeah just wanted
to say that my team one team stylist got
anything to say about that team saw this
for the win
half a boom is making you why do you
have a great pair like baby faces or I
could just put this on Kristy hey
YouTube them do you like bald heads
would you rather have hair or above head
what kind of milk do you like YouTube
fan I'm a boob man moustache
what about you comment below boobs
Cal go soy rice almond out for the boobs
if I were you anyway is enough okay
what's up YouTube fan wait I'll open hey
what's up YouTube fam
don't you think I kind of look like
Angelina Jolie and the Maleficent
trailers comment below if you think I
look like Angelina Jolie wait
well well that's what she said it's the
thing have you seen them Olympus insurer
that that's what she sings and she sings
hello wait you think I'm Angelina Jolie
hey YouTube fan isn't Angelina Jolie
playing Maleficent in Maleficent and she
sings this in the trailer wait aren't I
supposed to be moving around when I vlog
I thought I'm supposed to be walking
around like more like now I feel like
what do I do now first of all my arms
getting tired
guys vlogging is hard because you have
to hold your arms out and you have no
idea even you look great what if you
have short arms there's actually cameras
wait maybe things that face you like me
if I put my elbows kind of on my ribcage
do we feel we're intimate now yeah this
is what's why are you talking when is my
dear button what's up YouTube BAM
ah this is harder than it looks
oh do you have Trader Joe's what kind of
Trader Joe's snacks do you like do you
like the dunkers how about the caramel
sauce ooh do you know my favorites are
there's some in my purse okay we need a
purse cam
mmm look what I found in my purse Trader
Joe's dark chocolate Tahitian vanilla
caramel very satisfying and delicious
hey YouTube fan comment below in the
comments if you like Trader Joe's
Tahitian vanilla caramels it's a sweet
yeah I eat sweets I buy sweets look at
this girl she's eating a sweet right now
what's your favorite Trader Joe's
Reese's Cups
but it can't be Reese's with just peanut
butter to your Jo's cups Trader Joe's
peanut butter cups more like this how's
the baby like it love them how's my baby
like it Oh psych I'm not having a baby
because I already have one yeah what's
up YouTube family kind of Trader Joe's
ice cream do you like no no no no I'm
better I know spluttering serpent I see
myself as more of a
Oh Murray in Groundhog Day what do you
think how about the guys oh my god Bill
Murray in the founder and what about Bob
but the real question is what is what is
Riley thinking right now I'm thinking
about Chinese immigrants why but why is
it called Angel Island it's about
Chinese people cuz the name of the
island is called angel now it's not
right Chinatown's in Frisco is the best
Chinatown in the United States that's
true whatever I mean how do you know
you've been to every Chinatown running
food you are questioning German just
goes Chinatown right now hey guys
I mean one time we went to China tap
into New York I'm sanctum you know in
census for the better the next I said
I've been to New York's and I've been to
San Francisco's in New York's is worse
worse by far
wait worse how far it's not as good as
if Chinese population in San Francisco
is world-renowned yeah
we've been to both - what do you what do
you think so YouTube fan this past
summer we well I'm your favorite Chinese
house in this comment in the comments
below
vote on your favorite Chinatown New York
no Chinatown or San Francisco Chinatown
I mean Fun Factory we came to San
Francisco fun fact
fun fact my friend Angela grew up in
Toronto and their Chinatown was actually
full of Vietnamese people
Vietnamese which would be Vietnamese
Vietnamese town fun fact fun fact not in
general Julia Reilly samokov logbook
review ok if you had to read only one
only one historical nonfiction fiction
book what would you recommend our
YouTube readers because this is a very
literate group of people who watch this
vlog
yes everyone pause for thought of
YouTube fame in the comments below is
Courtney gonna get this right ish does
she know Riley well yes Team Coco
hashtag team Coco or hashtag no you
don't have to do the hashtag it's you
don't have to do the hashtag no hashtag
Riley's
historical non-fiction book that he
would suggest is the Bible King James
Version Wow okay do it occasionally but
if we reject all religious but what
would be the first other second choice
first second choice
don't eat on the camera okay stop eating
go ahead
um the Constitution what my mother when
were my mother grandmother more um come
on bunny food the life of Joshua
Lawrence Chamberlain okay let's eat your
life of walter mitty oh my goodness my
Palin's what's up yeah what's up YouTube
fam
don't you think that Lindzi and I look
like Maleficent Angelina Jolie Courtney
given everyone I'm sorry
these are Sam siblings these are a
family was awesome I would like family
Hillary what about Bob Angelina Jolie
every single movie especially Tomb
Raider okay yeah you wish animal de
Muppets
no I don't follow a birds oh yeah my
case to the face Julia might you have
Hillary said oh close up close up
million dollar babies using baby look at
these beautiful baby level oh my
goodness baby mama but America but you
gather we live like a von Trapp in yes
okay now I'm gonna say the thing
ah
dancing skills so dumb cutscene okay
so yeah he's also spirited answers
medical end or nice close up he's
thinking he's being like we can take for
you to feel capable with us like you
feel comfortable with Courtney I feel
comfortable wrong question
what how can it take for you to start
singing and dancing during me
okay to anywhere I have to see my back
how could anyone not join that I mean
people watching wanted to join that I
rejoin the family we're the only family
rule was don't sing at the table Jason I
know you're watching this what's it
gonna take for you to stand up and sing
doremi with us what's it gonna take for
you and Riley to just join in on a semi
phoebe or lolli if you're watching this
rewind 10 second
so Monica usually be a money well that's
what I was talking about but I don't we
went to college before the monographs
that's one of the worst questions to ask
a bansuri no that is my answer because I
told you he's not answer do you get the
on camera
cuz I was right so on camera we got
three different answers that country
stands on what you want to read and why
you're eating and what you're looking
for what per your gonna put it in your
Navy bag your seaman's bag the only book
you could polish it Alec I said see man
thank you
which is the correct orientation is what
one is the secret will see me so we've
come to the conclusion that Courtney
does not know Abby I said let you answer
Courtney had to answer that question
what would you think she wouldn't yeah
that's a better question Book of Mormon
I said the Bible and the second second
trace goodbye third choice Journal of
discourses Oh offers huh that almost
slipped after time but well I said it
was the US Constitution Jane Austen
no honey boring and this woman Wow did
yes
Thank You Tube fam I only Kegel here and
there cuz I forget hey we were just
asking YouTube family your favorite
child is my favorite child is the one
that is in the room right now told you
yeah I'll tell you one thing I am very
very proud of all my children and their
spouses me too
I'm very proud Sam hi my buns are
popping right off right now what about
its I'm so proud button is one busting
my buttons you could read one book for
mankind to read a nonfiction historical
yeah the Bible
non-religious time's up if you could
pick one fiction book for the world to
read what would it be
the tree grows right Rocklin Lulu that's
a good one
biography of Benjamin Franklin just
started this just started they all join
it
dad what celebrity do you look like Pat
Boone Pat moon Red Hat Boone Pat Boone
having some Robin Williams rip my oh my
what happens right in my cup you gonna
get thickness let's chat
Oh y'all had good times and a great
yes
