today's why it's a compilation of small
glimpses throughout the day from oh yeah
from siring to I'm Saturday to this is
Saturday ding yeah yeah yeah yeah so
just a sunny Saturday here in Utah
summer just to make unleashing my whole
soul on this camera right now don't want
anybody has to cheap
chick cut me into two it's a beautiful
day it's a beautiful day it's a
beautiful day on these steps i created a
new song that was me hitting new zealand
yes i love you yes i love you mom and
dad this is the provo temple for the
church of jesus christ of our they say
the full with the mountains right there
Oh panoramic happy birthday hello
wow I like it so bad knitting snacks
scriptures other books water sock
slippers more docs picture of Riley I'm
just gonna carry around the house all
day ipod speakers June carding the gift
Sam what is it I'm scared good jump out
when are you serious yeah I can ask yeah
hmm okay run Oh third-base bag is giving
out so many gifts bag back Oh something
to the lack of there Teresa no I'm
excited now no idea Molly be done
No
never cook in the Suites at a lynx the
revocation
I feel it ever since the long now we eat
it all time we're on vacation don't you
bend them back beats bulgogi yeah well
Jen would you just look at this already
know how you're gonna react ready are
you ready oh let's look so pretty look
at a blizzy look at this picture of them
we might be pushing some days together
this week day two that's right here this
is what being hums all about look at
these bagels I just look so inviting hey
mom what up J say you made us wanna hit
chipotle so we're here
and what I'm Jessica we're pretty close
to you right now I used to go to
chipotle like every day hit the spot Jay
hit the spot right court beautiful Peter
oh this is what Sam does when he comes
home you look like you're in a xenon
movie with that vest on go again imagine
if I followed you and filmed your every
move so but i'm sure a close-up is just
oh you look beautiful heck is here oh
great sounds like to introduce yourself
I'm rip we re birds hey guys we birds
Sam yes we are your rental units the
parental units the parents the rents how
do you are in quite warm oh that's cold
it's st. Patrick's Day wearing green
green hoodie this is so I've been
wearing a green hoodie like every blog
because I packed a certain amount of
clothes I don't have any other
sweatshirts so I just been wearing this
green hoodie but check out the snow
mound that is that my parents look at
this that's a basketball hoop for
reference a giant snow mound and it is
like all ice like it Wow all ice i would
say about eight or nine feet tall and
it's still here it's March seventeenth
today can't believe that the digit that
just shows a kind of winter that they've
had here I must climb it oh my I've done
it I've climbed Everest seriously they
look how tall this is I'm so high right
now
ridiculously high that's how much snow
they got this year it's crazy there are
no Illuminati's pizza i'm alumina-man
Lou Malnati's pizza when you're in
Chicago you gotta have some chicago
style pizza that's what they always say
so i'm here with my family eating some
lou malnati's chicago style pizza and
accept gin which is a thin crust and a
surprise and a surprise wings and you
gotta watch the chicago bulls in case
you were wondering what a vegan eats
when you get pizza what is that that's a
salad what kind of thing it's got to let
everything tomato oil hi olives
mushrooms looks good yeah what's this
bruschetta pin wings I'm surprised me
with wings
what kind of pizza is that it's Balu so
good cheddar cheese tomato mushroom the
live fast o.o where's all good mmm every
right there the back is kind of scary
it's negative that version of it so this
blog was basically a bunch of scraps
eclipse this is the problem with coming
home you come home there's food
everywhere there's homemade swimming hey
what's from the corner Baker and how big
that it it is so heavy you come over
here and you're like oh what's going on
Oh two bags of flamin hot cheetos my
mama knows everything like you open the
fridge tons of leftover pizza the best
cream she's ever in drinks and just
goodness it's good to be home it is good
to be here so we apologize if that is
crazy sporadic that just might be how
the vlogs are this week because there's
really no set structure or anything yeah
we're just enjoying ourselves spending
time with family and that's what's most
important yep it's been really fun so
far side note though we ate pizza
tonight what is your guys favorite kind
of pizza supreme pepperoni sausage to
count sure the catechol Chicago
chicago-style New York style thin crust
you know I can't not nothing you happy
we had taco pizza this weekend I didn't
film that though I was good it was like
nachos but it was on a pizza no the
target retard actress pizza taco taco
pizza anyways we'll see you guys
tomorrow barn
