don't know what more time when anybody
has achieved
magic cut me into two
welcome to shake so as you saw from the
previous clips
Jenica and I got on a plane today we are
not going home after the weekend we're
in Chicago as you can see from the paper
in my childhood home yeah
that's my dance I really white this
light so bright and we are here because
my grandpa who is 90 years old he turned
90 years old a couple weeks ago passed
away and so we're here for a funeral so
it's not like the best of conditions but
we're grateful that we are able to make
it home that it fits our schedule that
Jen's not too pregnant that we couldn't
be here because my grandpa he my
grandparents only live like 20 minutes
away from here
so I pretty much grew up with these
grandparents and they were there for
everything of mine so the best thing
that we could do was be here for him so
I'm not sure how much will vlog will
probably burn Avadh but nothing like too
personal yeah but my family's coming out
here we're spending time with them so
that's why this vlog is going up so late
because we were flying we were flying
all day all day baby boy took it well
though yeah I've really reached out this
week I really have it's true her belly
seriously has gotten like twice as big
and twice as cute you're cute
so throughout the week I'll probably
share some thoughts and stories you know
just good memories of my grandpa in the
vlog and I'm not going to do that all
right now but it's good to be home yeah
I'm glad we able to come it's good to be
in my
but I still call this place home yeah
this is home number one because this is
where I grew up yep so yeah maybe you
guys saw that on my Instagram I posted
something the other day about it so some
of you guys probably already know this
but for those of you that don't that's
what's going on right now and we're out
here we're back in Illinois the week and
that's it short little vlog today but I
hope it's understandable
oh the fifty nifty selling is still
Angelica's head anyways bad Wi-Fi so
I've been like I'm like really behind on
blogs blogs even our vlogs what yeah
what happens is that I had the blog and
then she watches them later
uh-huh and sometimes she's like oh I
haven't even seen today's vlog are you
sure it's well well how about Wi-Fi I
usually watch all my vlogs that's the
other thing we have a net internet for
like the past two days except on our
phone I was like using my phone to get
online and it's been crazy it's been a
tiring crazy past couple days but we're
back I'm happy to be here even though
it's not the best circumstances could be
family yep so we'll keep you guys
updated anyways we'll see you tomorrow
peace
