oh snap it's what's today Friday and I'm
back at which which again I just got a
shrimp po-boy the reason why I'm back is
because I have a gift card there and we
don't have one nearest so I just thought
I might as well use it as much as
possible so we'll see how this go let me
go get Jen some Jamba Juice too because
that's what she's craving come into it's
Friday
let me do a selfie did you just pee in
your pants no that's your cancer hole
we're using better at Target looking at
baby stuff and it's so stressful isn't
it Jen stressful
Jen's just stressed out this whole time
I'm just taking it easy because you know
what good tans
oh look who it is
well I mean I guess you get caught like
why are you looking at me
Jenna's taking this for a test run right
now
how's it feel oh oh there goes the baby
really smartphone friendly
that's testy yep you could watch him
YouTube videos while pushing the baby
rent that's all I care about right there
cup holder my hero
the things that make him do do you think
they just have him on the ground things
that just got a shout out my boy be a
kid GZ aka the Grizz who is currently in
Italy we said we should try out the v8
fusion sparkling juice gen which one
black cherry or sparkling lemonade it is
it's going down I feel like they've
really stepped up their game and with
Easter baskets and all that stuff
oh my goodness by the man mmm really
good
my girl these poor chocolate bunnies
yeah what happened to this guy poor guy
don't break it
we could happen to his friend eat it try
some what we don't like cookies or
sweets no I do like candy I never saw
like ham what's a candy candy candy is a
salt a sweet is a cupcake or a brownie
or a muffin if I had a dog I would
either get this duck or this duck are
these little wiener dogs not the open
guys this section right here is for all
the gluten-free and vegan pets
I see that moon that moon sees me we're
at dinner and the waiter pointed out
that we were matching green and green
red and red wow we must be married it's
not unusual to match your spouse that
I'm Batman is not unusual to match the
one you married to first her I the
Kourtney's way but are singing to me
that was your real singing voice you
know there's this girl in it and she's
called overly obsessive girlfriend and
she has really big eyes and so that's
what makes her super awkward and you
could totally do that face do this
creepy smile face gotcha
like healthy objective opinion no one's
ever given a name to every stage any
girl
Wow happy pi day it's pi day by day by
day by day by day this is made by its
smell good looks like what's that
pudding oreo cheesecake but she calls it
the pie that's officially paid a
celebration MasterChef stone cream
cheese is that the best you got
well guys it's been another day with my
sister would you say about that sis good
good real good
they're real good real good happy on
birthdays happy and birthday surprise
it's your birthday pie yes today's your
pie your Piper non birthday sorry for
all the funny voices it's just my sister
see you guys tomorrow with a one-take I
