siblings siblings wow you guys look like
you're in fast motion you must be
related this is all improv everyone all
improv on anybody has to choose
cut me into two so we're getting ready
to head down to visit our sister and Sam
has the burly negative
oh let's bring our TV um no our sister
doesn't have internet and so Sam says
let's bring the TV and watch movies and
he wants to bring this huge TV in the
car for the weekend you think let's do
it it was so funny but he will die
oh wait our Saturday oh well you guys
are seeing this later so you probably
need our name it's Courtney modulate
with this plugin the TV so Sam thinks
it'll be funny and awesome if we bring
our TV with us so we're bringing this
huge TV with us in the car
Sam always gets it in his head that if
we're driving we can just bring whatever
we want and just bring the world with us
sometimes we're driving we're bringing
the TV what's wrong with my TV yeah they
do there's a little box oh yeah it
doesn't work every Max box so we can
play xbox or something she's like oh
right I would love that but we don't
have a TV
so guess what we're bringing it let's go
oh my god oh gosh okay are you sure babe
babe oh my gosh I was out to drop this
camera so I could like help save the TV
guys look at this it's like all dry up
here on the side and then also near this
huge mountainous land mass of snow this
is so beautiful this is the drive that
we take when we're heading to like a
bigger city outside of where we live we
have to drive through this Canyon
honestly like you kind of take it for
granted because it is music
best in the fall because all of the
trees all these dead trees are all red
and yellow and orange and it's so pretty
but that's pretty one that land right
there it's wet right now but in the
summer it's gonna be dry okay
you guys know it's hilarious so I have a
station I like to listen to when I'm
near Salt Lake and it always comes in
we're about to reach the point where it
just starts to come in and it's coming
crystal clear you can hear I know it's
all static static static once we get to
this line up here oh come in perfectly
ready for this we're at a stoplight so
we're gonna have to wait a minute but
once we get like thirty feet after the
stoplight it just comes in crystal clear
you guys gravis static here we go I told
you I told you do you guys remember when
the Shaytards were heading back from
Christmas and it was snowing like crazy
and they're like and it was really scary
well we are driving exactly where they
were
clear road because it's getting over and
then snow was that crazy it was
seriously right here there's Salt Lake
City
look at that beautiful sunset ladies the
kid just doesn't do it justice
yo what's up going to which boots
because we love which Mitch and I have
to give card there and there's that one
where we live you know since we don't
talk about food and uh why don't I just
show you what a wicked looks like at
which which
my goodness that is delicious
my fancy like Jen bill moon I bring in
the man was like I don't know she's
gonna be mad if she's gonna laugh oh the
TV role a because I tripped over in the
table this isn't like the only gift are
you with another cousin they're kissing
no are they called
sama cos they called Sammy cos I'm weird
again we're gonna try them that's for
sure
it on time recording I'm doing this for
you that's tight siblings siblings wow
you guys look like you're in fast motion
you must be related this is all improv
everyone all improv
Oh oh wow
they're in it before even remain as you
can see we made it look it there's my
three sisters when they were younger
yeah I didn't realize how creepy it
might get saying hey what's my sister's
name of it all so all these different
names are coming up is that a chocolate
banana or a dead banana it's funny
because a lot of you guys were guessing
the names of my other two sisters the
real name of my younger sister is
Courtney Courtney and her last name is
hatch that hatches but I think Sheryl
was the first one to correctly guess
that so she gets the credit she gets
2,000 points some of y'all got a
thousand points but the true winner this
week or today is Cheryl what 2,000
points French I like this guessing game
that was really funny to read some of
the comments okay now kid so we don't
have internet here but I figured out a
way to get my phone connected to my
and use that but I don't think I'll be
uploading that way so guys if the vlog
comes up like 2m deal with it I'm just
kidding
today is actually Friday and I'm
uploading this today on Friday if
there's days footage which you just saw
today we're gonna have a great day hope
you guys come along with us and that
will just have to be until tomorrow okay
mm-hmm I'm talking like this because
there's a saddle up here a saddle bag I
feel like I got talking like this when
there's a saddle bag around we really
didn't have to drive far to get here but
I want to know what's the farthest you
guys have ever driven in one period of
time maybe actually it could have been
over a couple days what's the farthest
distance you've ever traveled by car or
bike or walking do you think we look
alike
