what's up it's Wednesday and I'm in an
elevator don't want anybody has achieved
cut me in two - happy Wednesday
afternoon to all you lovely people we
are just getting out at work and we
needed to get gas and we need some extra
points so we went to the grocery store
before we went to get gas and I decided
to try these goldfish Graham's french
toast flavor and oh my gosh they are so
good they're like really good like I can
only eat them with milk they're that
good they're really good our grocery
store is having major sales on goldfish
so this entire bag is goldfish and I
have a cupboard full of goldfish at home
but these bags like I could go through
in like one city they don't last me very
long you guys like goldfish try these
puppies out I guess the fancy yellow
cars like to distance themselves from
the ordinary cars so Sam and I are
officially done with work for the week
well it's finally it finally feels like
spring break cuz you don't wake up and
go to work tomorrow
it's so awesome we try to take Thursday
and Friday off to go visit his sister
you're down south a bit and we're really
excited because we haven't seen them in
a while anyways it's gonna be a party
cuz they're hilarious and they're so fun
and so we're really excited to go see
them tomorrow why so serious
coming gas is a serious matter yeah
serious things yeah I'd like to share
with everyone else what the serious
things were okay let's meet you guys you
guys I really have the best in-laws ever
my sister-in-law Lindsay Sam's another
one of Sam's sisters she like texted me
a couple weeks ago and said hey do you
want this just you know and I was like
yeah sure anything my turn you know I'll
take whatever and she kept sending this
huge box of stuff like huge box Lindsay
you didn't have to do that
and I appreciate it she just had a
little boy him in our boy are gonna be
about like six months apart so they're
super close in age and we're so excited
ah you outdid yourself Linds love you we
literally don't have to buy like any new
one close like a stack of little boy
clothes oh my gosh
oh my gosh I'm so excited this whole box
is like little boy baby clothes I'm
dying right now I'm dying
oh so many boy clothes salmon are so
long so much so much boy clothes in here
oh my gosh these sweats I am just dying
right now I am in heaven Oh little shoes
okay I just died look at these little
shoes oh she is the sweetest look at
these little sneakers I am just in
heaven right now thanks Lance we
appreciate it so much
this is just so wonderful guys we have
the best family ever ever look at these
little boat shoes seriously
seriously people oh my gosh this just
makes me so excited for him to get here
so excited for him to come in to wear
this little shark
oh so here's the dealio we're gonna wax
my mustache no or not I really do need
to shave it and gents is gonna put some
wax on and wax off here's what's really
happening tomorrow we are leaving we're
taking the next two days off and going
to see my sister and it gonna be a real
good time they don't need to see this
thing my younger sister is actually in a
vlog before do you guys know which vlog
it was you would have to be a long time
sanika vlogs viewer to remember which
fly it was because it was one of the
first vlogs we ever did a little sis but
she's like the same height as me
Jenica is currently 25 weeks pregnant so
it's a little bit over halfway and she
wanted to take some pictures today of
her belly because it just started to
really pop out lately and the cutest way
possible so I wanted to show you guys
some of the pictures so I'm gonna post a
couple of them
now
isn't she cute
cutest pregnant lady yo just so you guys
know I'm wearing shorts even though it's
cold outside but it's spring break and I
don't care I gotta wear shorts even
though it's actually really cold outside
my legs are ashy and pasty white Ted TMI
so those of you that have been watching
the vlog for a while you know that some
tierd always come by our apartment just
like hang out chillin with us and stuff
so we came out and shot those photos of
Jen yesterday we came out and they're
all just like sitting here it was so
funny I didn't have a zoom lens though
so I didn't get a good shot but they
were right over there and here's a pic
of that
it's time for a shout-out though Tabitha
and GLaDOS you two are the first ones to
guess correctly what the bearded man's
name was his name is Michael Murray one
of my good friends that just shows how
much you guys have been watching the
vlog I'm impressed I'm impressed that
you knew that honestly good memory
pretty awesome today's a 1000 point
bonus point question is what is my
sister's name did you say it done
already you did I don't know
well if she did we'll see if you guys
were paying attention double points for
anyone that can get her last name right
because she's married whoever gets her
right will get 2,000 points and a
shout-out yeah seriously if you know us
like personally come on come on no
guessing anyways we're about to take off
we're gonna go see my sister and have
some fun hopefully we'll have some
longer vlogs this week because I know
they've been a little bit short this
week with us yeah anyways we'll see you
guys later peace
