good morning sweet world Wow look at
this lighting it's because I'm using
this box right here I'm finalizing some
Star Wars stuff you guys saw the video
I'm making photos chips and a snapchat
or Instagram story right now and wow
this has been so fun to do it was an
insane time crunch to get all this done
but I had a lot of fun doing it and you
guys oh my goodness your comments or
tweets everything have just made me
really happy and excited I'm grateful
for all your support
so anyways no uh I gave you a challenge
what did I say I was gonna go work on
that when I came back I wanted you to
create something for me would you make a
lego CD
goodness you built doesn't say this
looks like an airport it's at the
airport then you got the subscreen you
got some skyscrapers here oh my goodness
that person has the corner office oh
yeah what's your favorite thing to talk
about bad guys going to jail that is his
favorite thing to talk about
lego city i don't know if he hasn't seen
lego city on netflix it was there for a
day and then dolls and it's gone I tried
to find it again ever you see how
episode are these guys breaking out of
jail and then they go back to jail
so yeah you really like those yeah Gosei
blocks a get them wet Oh give me an
update on scoop give me a oh oh wait
like this
August oh my goodness these bad guys
yesterday Noah excellently banged his
head against the wall it was an accident
I said if you you got to be careful
because you go to the hospital and
they'll have
like you'll get stitches or something
and he said oh I get a new head you
think if you go to the hospital you can
just get a new body parts huh yeah like
replace fingers arms I mean maybe in the
future but legs we at the hospital big
watches hearts they have that at the
hospital you can't just get a new head
if you're the hospital unfortunately
you're stuck with the same head and I
still have this scar right here well it
might be there forever
not to start wearing makeup in no I
really actually thought that would go
away maybe well maybe need to get some
cream hey are you watching Sesame Street
you just woke up huh are you feeling
okay watching some Elmo we have a fun
day and a fun week ahead of us this
weekend we're going to California right
we're still going we all need an assist
do you need a haircut breaking someone
at church on Sunday said that they're at
a chiropractor in their chiropractor
Brooke their neck I was like oh gosh my
chiropractor is my father-in-law it's
really scary but yeah
Monsoor think no no not gonna happen
today we're actually gonna head over to
Monica Elliot's and probably help them
put together baby stuff stroller crib
dresser
put it all together so they're having a
baby in like three agenda builder to
show up nesting Jen
they helped us so much with our movement
have helped so much in our lives already
it's only right that we go over there
we straight bill it off for now we'd go
over and help and regard this so we're
gonna do that
some kind I'm counting calories
I'm officially counting calories I've
been trying to decide with Jim I want to
join I found one that seems pretty good
anyways there's a lot going on it's
gonna be a good day
no it's downstairs in the kitchen yeah
seriously yeah nice all right
some things are better left to you so
tell ya like okay listen I will tell the
story no are you freaking kidding me
I have a picture look at this cute girls
outfit she wanted to wear her hat she's
so cute
so your hat do you love your hat she
loves her hat so cute she wears it every
morning when we go biking huh put your
shoes on dude oh you're cute we just
finished our life I hope some of you
guys are able to make it to it I love
doing ice creams I think they're really
fun now we are currently heading over to
Monica Elliott's - oh my gosh PJ Searcy
caught me right in the middle of my eyes
anyway okay we are here John the Builder
full-force building the blue thing that
we have only of the white version
she's performing are you performing hey
get out of that wait performer you're on
your stage let's see I can't so we can't
tell just let it go or Moana hey PJ are
you singing Moana or leduc or frozen so
tell us Jen what is this the most
difficult IKEA dresser known to man I
built this one eight months pregnant all
by myself and there's a piece missing
that they just messed up that was
something and then I was like I really
think that the right piece and she went
back and they thought there was Rafi's
he imagined building something okay guys
so I just talked to Rebecca she was so
nice thank you so much Rebecca she's
actually one of our viewers and email or
like message us and said I just build
that dresser let me know if you need
help because I call like key today and
he's like well if you think that's the
wrong piece and bring it in with your
receipt and we'll give you a new one oh
my go so I'm really things that they
like just screwed these holes like these
holes I think are screwed in the wrong
place I think they need to be in a
different place or the bottom one sorry
the bottom one I don't know because it's
just not fitting is all yeah yeah screws
and things so then she went back and
they gave her the right piece so
hopefully hopefully how are you gonna
finish this tonight
well the baggie it's cooking with love
it's with Noah
cooking with Noah hey do you want a
cuppa a t-shirt a little bit yeah yeah
that's okay no what kind of cupcakes are
they though I got the shell done
whatever I did that whatever I did that
and I did not do this
Elliot's dad this and it looks amazing
look at that they're gonna paint it
white though but the wood looks so
pretty is that look good honey no
doesn't that look good though the
shiplap wall your baby stuffs getting
done the drawers are the hard part cuz
there's so many there's four five six
seven eight drawers and they take so
long and then you'll sit for a week and
I did fall down I did really really bad
yeah I got big hours what happened
outside
okay what yeah wait but Noah you go to
the hospital can you get a new head or
no no no yesterday wait you saw some
money the hospital with a broken head
something that would give me anyone one
really fall off the bike when you're out
there someone fell off their bike the
pity knock are you looking a different
way baby
are you sure they got hit by a car yeah
show us what happened show us oh my
goodness let's go yeah let's go good
night my keep
see the clips you know was so people
taking over the Sleep Number Instagram
tomorrow
they picked a winner for the bed
notified the person the person never got
back to them then they picked someone
else and that person has they got back
either so check your email check your
spam folder check everything because you
could have won the bed in the odium you
don't even know yet check your email
