happy freaking spring break to us it's
snowing outside right now you probably
can't see it but it is it's snowing
that's how I feel about it anyways hope
you guys have a wonderful tuesday right
it's a Tuesday you not happy about this
girl hopefully you guys are having a
sunny sunshiny day wherever you are on
anybody has to choose cut me into two
really though really serious
looks pretty cool you can't really tell
but dense Wow dorma bruin that's all
rain back there it looks a lot darker
than on the camera thanks Jamie rain
clouds coming in right over the mountain
seriously wow happy Tuesday everybody
Sam's everything and he just looked at
me funny cuz he was about to play the
vlog and then he had a stop what he
looks like anyways I just want to show
you my dinner because I thought it
looked really funny it's a mountain of
cucumbers and a grilled cheese with
avocado that's no pointed anyways then
went up too much today same had a rough
day at work it was a hardcore blood was
involved fingers were ripped off for
their fingerprints were ripped off their
fingers I've no idea when session but
there was a lot of blood by various
people she has no what I do for a living
I killed people ok so anyway so now then
same one to shoot some hoops
and I went to get some like stuff like
face wipes and stuff and lotion remember
of b613 if anyone gets that reference
congratulations you're my friend I don't
even get that reference so I guess I'm
not his friend now we're eating dinner
Wow I think you need to join the YouTube
boy band okay you don't want this and
today I'm making SI racha minis which is
wonderful Oh looks like as it being
popped out how do you make this si racha
mayonnaise well you take mayonnaise and
you take see Roger mix it together mix
it together and then you have be Roger
marinate that's not the right amount I
can tell by the color is wrong oh yeah
actually looks good oh I mean I was
actually got I think the right amount of
mayonnaise and sriracha so it comes out
like that it's wonderful sometimes
people put that on sushi in this case
i'll be putting it on my sandwich was
just a really nice cake and spice
throughout to manage that easy yeah
we're having a simple dinner of
sandwiches and whatever else we want
nothing really planned so yeah we're
having benigni sorry not just pretty
little sandwiches we put them in a
panini maker I got him that first we're
at one time look at that we don't talk
about food on our vlogs nope that's all
we talk about anyone know what do you
guys watch our vlogs can get hungry
since we only have food but I realize a
lot of people always have food in their
blogs like people just or do you watch
our vlogs and get disgusted like on my
gosh fatso's daddy's know they their
mouth waters when they look at look at
these cucumbers how is your mouth not
why
I'm looking at those cucumbers with a
little Italian dressing I'm about to go
ham I don't really like him well I do
like it this is like the nice honey
baked ham normally 1214 I got a 1599
manager special i think they musta cuts
too much up because the syllabi d is 317
today for 1213 okay so great deal grazie
all I'm always about a great deal you
fall asleep watching me yeah Jenna's
watching YouTube videos and all sendin
just like ends and I don't hear anything
so I was like mmm she might be a 3 yeah
that was accident thank you what up guys
been a day and a good one at that if
anyone can guess my name they'll get a
thousand bonus bucks and tomorrow's vlog
see ya
change
