Sam google hangout with his friends want
anybody has for cheap
magic cut me into two it's my day first
real day of spring break and we're doing
what to work whoa so almost two weeks in
I'm finally getting my registration
renewed and it's not even my fault for
procrastinating I took my car to a place
to get it fixed and then their machine
to pass me got broken for a week so what
I was saying was basically that the car
place wasn't keeping their promises
they're like oh yeah the machine will be
fixed tomorrow oh yeah yeah tomorrow oh
yeah it guys coming down tomorrow and
then a week later it was finally ready
to go so then when I took my car in I
dropped it off I came back like two
hours later I waited like 30 more
minutes and they said it was done they
bring me my papers and they're like oh
wait that's not your car that's not even
your name oh we need to reprint out
yours and so then I listen I see my car
getting pulled into the garage and like
reprint know you guys are actually doing
the work now and then three minutes
later i got i was done but i'm never
going there again that's for sure under
Eve into Mount Vesuvius cool story
Hansel thanks Olof to make today's day a
little bit better since it is spring
break and we are still working i did
just go grab lunch Jenica and I I'm
gonna bring her lunch so gives us
something fun to do at least you know
change up the day a little bit hey there
you get over here I got some candy for
ya wat allure penguin happy Monday
everybody look at this beautiful salad
it's more cucumber than salad they're
all hiding under there mm-hmm I may eat
cookies and sweets but I also eat
veggies don't worry guys it's Monday
which means it's the bachelor finale yes
heinous Juan Pablo season of Bachelor is
coming to an end thank goodness because
it's been the worst season of bachelor
ever except for it's been the most real
because Andy freaking rocks and told us
what really happened in the fantasy
suite anyway
my friend Matt her Maddie she's coming
over tonight and we're gonna watch the
season finale who you guys rootin for
what her name's to forget the two
finalists Clare and Clare in someone
else that's so much I've loved this
season honestly I don't think any of
them are gonna win he's gonna go home
empty-handed tonight or I kind of hope
he ends up with Clare cuz they deserve
each other they're both weird goodbye we
were watching the bachelor who is he
gonna choose well I originally thought
that he was gonna choose Claire because
he seems to really hahahahahaha I almost
think he will pick either but then how's
it gonna end begin right that's boring
he's gonna end alone because he the
hussy oh I mean I used to really love
one Pablo but now i'm just not a huge
fan I don't know like he's not ever
seriously about you make me the earth
sex me nothing that's all she good oh
yeah me too
whoa what you just made me go through I
would never want my children having your
father like you oh this is not coming I
like you oh no are we in the bar we are
you bugging me you know her up damn rob
me broke they don't I don't like to you
can't keep seeing big see what was that
song Natalie usual to be loved by anyone
nothing that i know your video thing
let's say to you I Michigan State
Michigan dog I bet the whole go green go
white man go I was she drinking though I
won't know what's in the cup I do what I
do it don't say like a mob boss house am
because I'll hang out with his friend yo
beat check for my shoe fanatics out
there well guys we had a great night do
you believe in love at first sight
because I know I do no way I was
supposed to say I know that i do I know
I do I do William will you accept this
rose oh my gosh I saw the funniest
picture today it was of Nikki and it
said who is it say oh I yo I was playing
ball tonight I don't know about this
bachelor business you guys watch The
Bachelor did you see the finale last
night here is why is picture ever I love
this girl said no one ever and only
those of you who watched the bachelor
will understand why that so mine wasn't
evil laugh it was just so funny he would
not say that he loved her poor girl his
love at first sight
a real thing I know is wrong i saw you
baby do you guys know how a Jenica and I
met I don't think you do some of you
guys do those that knows personally do
we'll have to reenact how we met this is
how we met slow-motion life
do you guys believe in love at first
sight let me know do you even believe in
love do believe in love after love after
love after love after love after love
after love
