no what's up everybody it's Saturday and
I dropped my car off to get fixed
finally just the emissions tested the
machine has been down for a week I
finally was able to drop my car off for
the final time to get the emissions
looked at because their machine is
finally working and I just stop by if we
like her and get them shoes I picked up
some shoes for my buddy he's pay me back
he was at a wedding today so I got those
for him and I got me a pair too but I
don't know what I'm gonna do with him
yet so i'm sure you guys what they look
like an abit want anybody has to choose
come into two yeah special delivery for
mr. Murray what's up you look here you
go through CS i bought these shoes
jordan no I fix it to Africa suck my
waffle would you look at that just look
at frame out so over the air bubble what
are those haha yeah guys this teacher
says way too many jordans in here to
these babies out oh my i had these shoes
but i got rid of him so those are some
of my favorites Stephanie we found it
we're buying it orange
peach mango we got it in the car
it's time for a taste test
hopefully this is the right brand what
were you doing in the freezer guys
crazies guys is the unboxing of the soul
orange peach mango suggest it and thumps
up by you guys and Stephanie let's give
it a go yep give it a shake give it a
shake in the shake not for a long time
so I can't remember what it tastes like
guys here's an inside look of the orange
peach mango juice wow what a twister
happening in their QB % this is the poor
test it came out nicely give it the
smell test it's nothing again okay and
here we go pinkies up yeah now I
remember tasting this before no it's
good it almost feels like there's
pineapple in it yeah not to be honest no
it's like orange pineapple mango the
first ingredient is filtered water than
apple juice orange juice pineapple juice
peach puree mango puree that's why I
miss call it orange peach mango and
there's apples in it we give it a i give
it a seven a seven Wow hey I just love
like I just love my lemonade's des out
of 10 / lemonade's of 10 what's in that
Apple cheer its public 10 right now oh
my gosh studio portrait you can't trust
my justgiving apple juice and 9 out of
10 oh goodness my pregnancy palette is
different than my palate no I like Jesus
juice to me i love all uses you know on
a scale of 1 to 10 I gave it a date just
because the packaging looks nice it
tastes good it's refreshing a little bit
of sourness which I enjoy the acidity
just really fits the time well sir
Ramsey it's nice to meet you so it's
Saturday
I had a wonderfully relaxing lazy day
sometimes you just need those days we
were planning I'm going to visit Sam's
sister for a few days this weekend but
it just isn't working out we had like
our missions and like registration and
all that up to date and for some reason
the people that we went to go take it to
their missions things like broken all
week it's taking a while and then we got
it done today and then the sticker place
to get the new registration sticker was
close so things just don't line up and
we tend to get pulled over what have you
guys ever wondered how I smell we're not
lucky when it comes to cops so we're
gonna take the chance by the way that
you turn I got in the mail the other day
it's growing on me the smells granite no
but it's also time for another unboxing
mmm guys this is sam sings all the men
out there the boys Marc Jacobs right
there this is my scent if you ever want
to know what I smell like go into a
store sephora you know someone were they
selling Colo so far is that fancy fancy
let me tell you story I went to New York
one time and I was like I needed a new
smell and I was like 14 years old and my
sister was like all right let's go let's
go try some out well i settled on Marc
Jacobs I've not looked back since and
let me tell you gentlemen don't get it
off if you want to smell like a
gentleman oh man you guys it's bad he
even sprays himself before bed like he
really does he sprays himself in the
morning when he gets out of the shower
he's raised himself at night before bed
it's not overpowering unless you do like
four or five squirts I did one square it
was a fresh screws straight from the
bottle and look what it landed me look
at this liquid it landed me he does not
good enough oh please i'm really hungry
so if you're river wondering what I
smell like Marc Jacobs still got some in
here yeah it's diluted though there it
is trust me go smell it it smells great
even better on skin okay we hope you
guys are having a fabulous weekend and
Saturday
and that you're doing lots of fun stuff
or just chillin and relaxin like i did i
just read my kindle all morning and it
was a blessed morning indeed guys what
do you smell like do you spray yourself
with that access that you smell like
degree for men maybe degree for women
dove what's your favorite cologne or
perfume scent we want to know because
Jenica what do I don't mind she's been
thinking up the whole place you're such
a liar I wear light blue light blue by
who what is it I can't remember
pregnancy brain dolce gabbana light blue
burger what I don't score myself as much
Bannon huh so my perfume lasts a long
time because I ration it out okay if you
if you are a girl I want to know what
your favorite guy sent is if you have
one vice versa just post your favorite
scent cologne deodorant body wash
shampoo stop spanking oh hey that's what
my clone does and she's a good i'm
thinking it guys post in the comments
and let us know because i want to go
smell the next time I've had a fancy
shmancy little girly shop have a great
weekend see ya dog
