what's up everybody it's Sunday we like
to do a vlog on Sunday and then post it
the same day just you know keep things a
little real a little real time and this
is the first time we've been on a walk
on this path park it's a summer so
that's kind of nice because it means
it's getting warmer
staying lighter later spring is knocking
it's a little chilly we were both
wearing hoodies Jen's wearing here
winter coat but it's like 55 degrees so
the sun's not out but it feels good
there is nothing better than a Sunday
walk that's also on a Sunday when
there's no school or anything the next
day although we do at work yeah Sundays
when there's no school the next day are
the best when anybody has to choose
cut me in two - Dez that's a new intro
music Samuel Parker is a true gentleman
for those of you that note note don't
know the Bulls beat the heat today and
then he commented on a vlog and he said
congratulations to the Bulls go heat
Thank You Samuel Parker I appreciate you
for being a good nice gentleman but our
kid will never wear a heat onesie or
I'll make sure he has every blow out in
those looks like raging diarrhea and we
have to throw away this LeBron James was
kidding no that's it's funny last time I
was doing trick shots off that wall when
the basketball accidentally flew up over
it I think it's still up there I should
go get it if he has ever seen a pregnant
woman dunk before or a touch rim Jenni I
guarantee you touched that first
pregnant woman ever to touch the rim of
a basketball my pinky is numb kind of
fell asleep yeah if it's not waking up
and I don't know why have you guys ever
had your pinkie fall asleep this hands
more sleep in this hand back for that
nap do to you do I get that blood
flowing have you guys ever had your
pinkie fall asleep I can't say that I
have not just like one single finger
like that she must had her finger in a
weird position pinkies up what does my
sister call this Park PD what pba Park
people call this Park PD a park
that's why guys today is like a really
special day for us and it's because one
of our good friends we've actually never
even met in person feel like she's one
of our best friends because she's so
freaking sweet
probably like the best person in the
world yeah Megan I won't say your last
name for privacy reasons but Fagin it is
hashtag mega weekend and we would do
anything honestly my gosh
anything we would have done anything to
be in Florida let's put it this way
honestly I think if the baby wasn't on
the way we would probably be in Florida
right now yeah everything we do now it's
like we have to save money for the baby
because we're gonna be parents but I
wish we were in Florida we wanted to be
a part of mega weekend and we lived
vicariously through the hashtag and
posts yes we did seriously Megan you are
the coolest we are just so happy for you
and we wish we were there so hopefully
this vlog suffices happy May a weekend
well maybe we'll have to do a mega
weekend dance to end this vlog yeah
apparently one-minute vlogs have been
done before
well guess what they've been done sanika
blog style yeah yeah
by the weekend is relative
seriously Megan we are so happy for you
we're impressed by how awesome you are
we think you're the best so sorry we
couldn't be there but we were there in
spirit and in dance we love you and
we're so proud of you
that was almost a seizure moment by Jen
she does that when she gets really happy
so happy for you I'm just feeling really
hungry today
and I've already had four pieces of
chicken two salads and now I want a bowl
of cereal is that bad
Sam had like to please the chicken get a
piece of ginger four pieces of chicken
and it's all going there did you guys
know that Shay Carl
yes the Shay Carl from the Shaytards
knows who I am me this guy right here
seriously he knows me well not really
but he favorited one of my tweets
last night he tweeted about not having
to move his clock and I tweeted him back
and said I didn't have to judge my clock
while my mission in Dominican Republic
loved it and he favorited it check that
out your do we got favorited by oh I
have probably tweeted shaycarl I mean I
could count on one hand how many times
I've tweeted him because he gets a lot
of tweets and then for him to favor my
to me I was like what crazy so yeah he
knows me for the night sweet him I was
like hey Shay check out the blog but I
don't think you did but lark showed some
love and I appreciate that for tweeting
Shay Carl back and saying yo
for real guys we're like 802 subs strong
right now and you guys are all awesome
probably one or two you that are a
little sketchy but for the most part you
guys are all freaking sweet so coming up
in this week I was offered to have an
acting role in someone's YouTube video
we'll see how that goes I'm not an actor
ap's in it though - we'll see it should
be pretty good
there's also a strong possibility that I
might be flying somewhere for an
interview so in the comments below I
want you guys to guess what city or
state I'll be flying to it's one that
you guys could guess for real if anyone
gets it right in the comments
I will do more dancing
yes actually Jenica will do more dancing
we'll both do more dancing so yeah leave
a comment and guess and we hope you guys
had a great Sunday and that you continue
to enjoy your Sunday maybe you live
somewhere and it's Jenica is feeling
good what did you eat for dinner four
pieces of chicken
two salads and a bowl of cereal an apple
we never talked about food on this vlog
we love you guys we'll see
