I'm not starting to book in the car
today but I'm heading to the car that's
the first thing I do when I wake up get
in the door like sleepy so I got the
vlog up early today like 8am i said i
don't know if that's a good thing though
I've never put it up that early I don't
even know when the best time to upload
of values but it was up yes proud of me
8am break want anybody else to cheese
call it
chick cut me into two when's the best
time to upload a vlog tell me
hey guys it's officially spring break
delmas with school for the week and now
we're just cooking dinner it's Friday
and we're feeling good celebrating the
beginning of spring break with some
basketball um we're not really going to
be doing much this week we don't think
we're just gonna kind of play it by ear
it's like our first room breaker we
don't have like any major plans and like
our lasting break in college ever so
it's kind of sad that we're not doing
anything fun so maybe we'll go visit
some family in provo or something I
don't know we'll see do any of you guys
have sweet break this week and if you do
or don't whatever to have any fun plans
turn illogical and Cruz is doing crazy
things so what do you guys doing for
spring break when you have your spring
break today is my niece's 12th birthday
and we're facetiming her because she
watches the vlog every single day she's
the best and we love her so much
ha
Wow oh my oh there's a lot you guys are
sure you guys are all sure whatever
they're about to be 12 again hashtag one
direction hashtag Harry so handsome
hashtag one direction for our hashtag
you let up my world like nobody else
well um we just want got ice cream cuz
we never eat sweets we just don't buy
quicken or sweet and while we're in line
this kid came up like with the biggest
smile on his face like someone just told
me was going on a two-week vacation to
Disney Rodney's like dude where the heck
did you get those fire red 5s those are
so sweet he was so happy I was like done
right here right where we live he's like
oh man they're so awesome it's so happy
it is awesome do you guys hate this
sound both screaming of ice cream what a
nuisance I think this is the first vlog
honest seriously I think this is the
first blog we've had food in the vlog I
can't tell you what it can be used yeah
food and everything he'll todo stood oh
come on everybody let's go yeah I think
this is a sign we're growing old it's
Friday night elgin and i want to do is
just relax and rest mainly cuz we're
just exhausted from the week all i want
to do is go to bed now what am i
becoming i'm becoming a boring all worth
it i'm just reading my kindle how old
does that get grandma there anymore
today we facetimed with a lot of people
and it was a lot of fun just catching up
you know we all have busy lives so it
was fun to see what it runs up to
there's like big news shared
different people and it's like holy cow
time is flying by for real one of my
sisters gave me the suggestion that
maybe I should do a week of just one
minute vlogs and make them the best one
minute ever she said the vlogs can be a
little long sometimes so maybe one of
these weeks coming up will only do one
minute vlogs for a whole week what do
you guys think of that huh 60 seconds
will cut the intro or make the intro
only two seconds so does it take up too
much of it but we might do that might be
crazy might be different might be unique
unique New York what do you think of
that idea Kauai I don't good idea
alright everybody hope you have a great
weekend and I'll see you tomorrow p so
girls go see you later it's spring why
you're here movements made the camera
boy those read hope you guys have a
great spring break I know I will Mike
you'll see my sister tomorrow take a
little road trip a little to our road
trip say hi she got mad at me once for
saying that none of my family lives in
Utah which is really true i mean she
does but she's leaving with me not
together but at the same time for both
graduating but we're not twins fun fact
so we'll see what happens if you guys
are on spring break right now post what
you doin to have some foil k leave a ton
of the ball sorry it's getting late
transferring break oprah having fun we
will see you guys tomorrow Ruffo
