good morning YouTube fam today is a very
big important day for both Jenica and I
it is a great day on anybody has to
choose cut me into to tonight is the
night that Jenny cos art exhibition is
on display for people to come see it's
like a little party / reception thing
food all sorts of things the only
problem is that I have a really big
presentation at the same exact time in a
class that usually runs for five hours
whoo what am I gonna do yikes I'm gonna
do my best to get over there hopefully I
can tuck the teacher she's kind of like
intense though and probably won't let me
go but I'm going to try and get enough
of Jen's friends to go and get her a
treat or some flowers so that she feels
good about what she's done because
really tonight yesternight she's done
work she's the booth a beast in a nice
womanly beautiful creative artistic way
not like a manly boom so it's a super
busy day and busy days don't always mean
more vodka legit means that we're too
busy to vlog but we'll see what today
brings come join me guys let's go look
who I have here look who I have mirror
elevator
Olivia
guys check this out I'm here it's not
really the time to our chill but I'm
here checking it out I snuck in
so
oh I found here the artist herself and
their artists team again you can see it
you guys want to see a magic trick watch
this
if she is that artist herself we didn't
even plan this look at this so proud of
this girl I'm just whatever I'm proud of
you is awesome hey and today's your day
today is your day you're up to new
places you're off on your way
okay so quick update i'm recording this
on my phone i went to the art show to
see if it was open so I could go drop
out flowers Jenica was walking out when
I showed up and she's like hey what are
you doing here and that's what you guys
just saw anyways I went and just got
flowers right now I'm gonna swing by
right before my class starts and i'll be
there for right when the expo night
thing whatever opens and i'll give her
flowers so although i won't be there the
whole night hopefully that works the
gallery show has started come on Xena
silicates here now people are here Great
Terror lives here Addie's in the blog
now which is that you should put this in
your lawn now i am i've been recording
people
Oh actually this is recording hey guys
so I just got home from my BF a
reception show tonight and I think it
went really well we had a really good
turnout um the reception was the post
we've been on friday so a lot of people
thought it wasn't me on friday so we
were really worried that no one would
like read the poster and look at the new
date even though it says it right that's
on thursday but we had a really good
turnout there was a ton of people there
no faculty friends students um family so
it was really fun and I got a lot of
good compliments on my work and it's
really exciting i tried to get some
clips of the crowd throughout the night
so you guys could take a look at that
and it was just really good Sam couldn't
be at the actual actual reception
because of his big presentation but
that's okay I missed him but he came and
surprised me beforehand with beautiful
flowers my favorite chocolate bar and a
drink and I wanted to cry he is the
sweetest and I love him so much even
though he's completely stressed out and
had to go to class right then and like
work on this presentation and give a
presentation tonight he still went and
like got me flowers and made me feel all
special and he's the best and i'm so
lame and don't even have a vase so i'm
using this bottle and the flowers barely
fit hopefully they don't die right away
i try to sprinkle that stuff in there
then i tried to put him in something
else and then they it all splattered on
the floor so i don't know if you can
tell well that's all flower stuff I
gotta back him up so that was a fail but
they look really pretty and I'm so happy
and grateful that he took the time to
think of me today had so many wonderful
people text me messages and send me love
and so many great friends come to the
show tonight and support me in my art
and just really means a lot knowing how
many people care about me and my project
today in my big show so it went well and
I'm glad that it's over with because
that's just one more thing to check off
my list before I graduate so it was a
great night and I'm glad that I got a
little bit of footage at the actual
reception so you guys could see what it
was kind of about and yeah it was good
it was a good night oh and i won like
guys because so many of you guys left
great messages saying how awesome and
one of my work was and that means a lot
I've struggled a lot with my
self-confidence when it comes to my
artwork but I think I've made a little
bit of a breakthrough with this project
and I'm really happy how it turned out
so thanks guys for all your support too
I have so many wonderful people in my
life I just have to show these flowers
one more time they're just so pretty
they kind of got a little crunched when
I was I set them down like doing my show
I'm just the luckiest girl ever Sam is
the best I know all the time he's like
oh I'm so proud jenjen Sebastian's the
best but he really is the best he's so
thoughtful let me see him yay look who's
home after presentation go good yeah
enjoy a fifty-dollar certificate from
restaurant.com oh you're the best you're
the best too good to be true of course I
love my flowers I went through quite
through her deal trying to find
somewhere to put them so I put them in a
glass bottle Oh guys I I wasn't there
for the main part but I did make it over
I didn't drink I didn't record myself
going over but I made it you're the best
good reason tatian went good yep good
well this busy day is officially over
and spring break has begun
we had originally planned to go to
California for spring break but now
because of the potential job interview
that's happening next week and me flying
somewhere potentially spring breaks to
be determined we could be going anywhere
we could be coming to visit you actually
I have to work tomorrow at some spring
break a lot of you guys enjoy hot dogs
and a lot of you guys eat them in you
know normal interesting semi crazy ways
my favorite comment of the day was Brian
Hornberger who talked about Cincinnati
chili and has chocolate in it whoo I got
try that out though I know the chocolate
is probably very subtle in the chili it
just sounds interesting in all the
ingredients and flavor profiles yes I've
been watching my food network a lot of
you like hot peppers on your hot dogs
props that's all I got to say genic has
already mentioned a million times that I
gave her flowers today I normally don't
get flowers but I felt like today it was
a special occasion to make her feel good
she normally just wants like cookies and
snacks and treats but flowers were the
thing today what is your guys favorite
thing to get as a reward for example
after performance after a sports game
after a year of good grades after maybe
a promotion someone can give you one
thing to celebrate your accomplishment
what would you want but make it
realistic not like a Ferrari maybe it's
a trophy maybe it's a movie a toaster
anti-acid tablets man a chick-fil-a
sauce ice cream a trip to Disneyland or
Disney World Peace osteitis sleep a hug
or maybe you just want some flowers
whatever it is what is your favorite
reward let us know in the comments
hopefully they're funny interesting cool
but make them about you it's time for
bed we love you guys I don't like waking
back up after I fell asleep thank you
for watching until tomorrow we'll see
you later peace
