what's up it's Wednesday we're gonna go
see a little baby boy maybe kind of not
really but yes oh I hope so it'll be fun
to see his little face but we'll
probably just get a heartbeat don't want
anybody has to chick cut me into to my
chance we're not getting an ultrasound
looks like no ultrasound today oh well
next time maybe after the shot next time
they're like a love square that a set of
spirit right there I'm serious that's
what they say there's like a once legs
you that ah ok the ones quitters got now
the spirit has left us dreaded or drink
who loves orange soda kill loves orange
soda Jenica Laverne soda oh yes oh yes
oh yes is true that's for this is
nothing cover dated how do i do i do i
20 it's for just to check for justice
distinction all diabetes keke keke did
you guys know that pregnant women have
to drink orange soda it's gross okay
it's not orange soda it's for running
tests to see if the baby has some sort
of diabetes I mean know if Jen does why
did something new every day
so so no baby pictures but needed hear
the heartbeat which was good how was
everything my orange drink everything is
good how's the weight gain uh I think
good yep you want to give us the number
of total pounds you weigh now I'm just
kidding guys I wouldn't make a do that
I've being normal amount I've only
gained 13 so far it seems like what
normal so I was worried that she hadn't
gained 12 to 15 pounds but she has 13
way to go yeah it was I'd done it you
gave me yesterday you don't know donut
gave her the extra pen yeah
11-14 p.m. I'm exhausted and I'm gonna
do it all over again tomorrow vlogger /
student / hard worker / whatever life
and you just said Sam I just walked me
cooking hot dogs that way shouted you
out worst hot dog I ever ate roe deer
dukes I didn't know someone could screw
up cooking a hot dog but you've
officially done it i'm fully because
this is the best way to do it and if you
don't know now you know if you probably
just have the taste of lipstick still in
your mouth from that makeup challenge if
life is worth living it's worth
recording shaycarl an inspiration the
shaytards five years of logging happy
birthday shaycarl you're not watching
this but happy birthday and
congratulations out of five years of
logging seriously we've only been gone
for two months and it feels like a long
time but five years a long time and it's
like two months is a long time but
rather make it to our one-year mark babe
1 year 10 months away hahaha so much is
gonna be different a year from now so
much is gonna be different two months
from now and yang more is gonna be
different three months from now and for
its crazy a year from now we'll have a
baby that's almost one years old three
months from now we probably won't be in
this vicinity we won't even be in this
state hopefully hopefully so Sam was in
class and working on projects really
late so i just spent at home chillin
being lazy because I've been so busy
lately that like even just sitting like
doing nothing for a night I was like I
need to be doing something I feel I felt
so lazy even though I had nothing to do
and I earned my relaxation I just felt
guilty almost and it makes me think of
the future I was just talking the same
about this and when I'm a mom and stuff
because obviously I don't think I'll
have a full-time job or anything like
that or even a part-time legit part-time
job I might do photo gigs on the side or
whatever I think my
it's on I just want to be a mom really I
like sitting has nothing to do tonight I
was like oh man what am I gonna feel
like next year and this year when like
my whole life like I'm just used to like
well since I could have a job I've had a
job and I've been in school and so I've
been in touch you routine for the past
how many years of my life I don't even
know my since 12 years old it's gonna be
weird to not do anything but be a mom
and change diapers and do photo gigs on
the side for fun I just she doesn't she
doesn't understand yet what goes into
becoming a mom and being a mom cuz mom's
work freaking hard and they're the best
we carpool they clean up dirty bums when
dad's not home they do so much stuff
you're gonna be so no I'll like be fine
it's just I'm like getting anxiety
thinking about all the changes I are
gonna be happening to him and it freaks
me out I feel bad that you have to work
all day and I'm just gonna be having fun
with our kids yeah with that dirty bum
and all that barf and that spit up I was
sitting behind a kid yesterday at church
or not yesterday on Sunday they're all
like oh I kick your baby in like
literally mid oh he just like dad I
didn't see coming off by some cleaning
it up that was it yeah it'll be an
interesting transition it's just gonna
be a big transition that I'm not going
to be used to but I'll get the hang of
it good thing that we have good examples
in our life you can hang out with
everyone on YouTube okay i was watching
for you guys moms i watch talking about
you Cheryl hahaha jail a girl do I want
hot bun how about your have funds oh ah
oh yeah yeah oh I see a little skin Oh a
butt clenched okay okay limra down buddy
the Shaytards days are fine you're
blogging anniversary so they were just
doing live Google Hangouts like all day
long which was pretty awesome one part
like him in alley in Charles and Cecily
I think we're all like sitting there
talking and a lot of people I guess ask
them you know how do I become famous on
YouTube and he was just like you don't
go into like YouTube wanting to just
like get famous and
make it your living but you know like
Sam and I when we first discussed
vlogging I told him straight up Sam I
don't want to do this unless we have fun
and I don't want to do this just to like
have viewers make money and like all
this stuff I said we're not doing that
we're not promoting ourselves and we're
not going to like post it on Facebook
you know if people find that they find
them but I just want to do because I
want us to have fun doing it document
our lives because i personally love home
videos Sam can attest to that my family
wouldn't have a ton of Home Videos we
had a few but I've never see any of me
but I've seen all of the home videos of
Sam I literally watch all this scratch
the surface some videos oh ok I haven't
scratched your service but I've seen a
lot of them and i just love home videos
and i thought like oh i thought it'd be
really fun to like have all these home
videos that's how my mind took to
vlogging so I think you know that's the
reason why we do it and I told Sam you
know if we're not having fun anymore
then we're not gonna do it anymore guys
that's why we're hesitant to get a p.o
box me you guys are like hey you get a
POS when I send you guys stuff we don't
want to do this just so you guys like
send us stuff we want to like you know
we're doing from videos and the fact
that people enjoy watching it too is
what makes it extra stuff yeah yeah
makes it more fun for us yeah it's been
fun like all of you guys kind of you
know joining our little family and
watching us and it's been a boy and
that's how you make a hot dog in to
right click that gosh you put what are
those avocados an SI racha on it I'm
from Chicago baby this ain't a chicago
dog this is the same dog oh my gosh your
string of saliva how is it it is so good
anyways we love you guys we're glad that
you enjoy watching our videos because we
are having fun doing it we've only been
doing it two months who knows how we'll
feel in a year life's worth living it's
worth recording hey by the way how do
you like your hot dogs mustard ketchup
post in the comments what are you like
I'm like this you ratchet avocado maybe
a little Chicago style with some relish
of pickle hot peppers you know how they
do New York style let us know post in
the comments how you eat your hot dogs
and if you don't eat a thugs and you eat
corn dogs or hamburgers
something else or if you're vegetarian
or vegan post in the comments too we
love you guys booth see ya
