so you guys all suggested a bunch of
juice and voted on some of them will
some of you guys did general was the top
juice orange peach mango I don't know a
brand new Ocean Spray that was suggested
by Stephanie we're gonna go try that out
orange peach mango we just need to know
what brand to get so that we can really
get the full experience on anybody has
to choose
magic cut me into two well this is kind
of awkward have these repair guys just
working in the middle of the street
streets not closed at all and people are
just kind of finding a way around them
good thing it's not snowing or raining
guys check this out I love when the
clouds are resting on the mountains
these mountains like aren't that tall
they're not like the tallest in the
world or anything but when the clouds
are just like rolling a room for some
reason I just love the way it looks it's
beautiful
ooh baby oh it's Tuesday though what's
going on that right there is a canyon
and I just want to go drive through and
just drive through the clouds so we've
had a couple sunny days in a row I don't
know whether to fall for you like I
don't want mother nature to tease me
about this because like a feeling the
cold breeze right now but tennis teams
out there feel like Springs knocking on
the door so that's good because this
winter has been extra cold I'm just
ready for it to be over I'm not gonna
fall for your tricks though mother
nature I read today that Jenica is
supposed to have gained 12 to 15 pounds
by now so I went got her a doughnut so
she can gain a little bit more weight
look nice good you know hey look it's
your stuff I'm a doughnut how's the
doughnut so good look at I can see your
stuff guys it's closed right now so I
can go check it out dang it speaking of
don't
what are your guys's favorite pastries
or treats because I love doughnuts and
chocolate-covered strawberries post in
the bottom what your favorite pastries
are or treats I want to know longed on
jelly filled circle doughnuts
what just loves be doughnuts either
French don't ah sometimes you don't like
done it but I like chocolate over
strawberries this is bad news
let's go well this looks like a my
immersion single guy he's weird-looking
and also I like it I'd go with the mine
Mario mine genic I was really upset
because her Kindle froze today she calls
it kindy I know fancy she was like kindy
died and she was so sad well guess what
I just fixed it so I'm studying
technology guys watch your reaction
she's gonna be so happy yeah yeah how'd
you fix it how she fix it how'd you fix
it oh my gosh I thought Kim B died today
you happy yes my reactant of me wanting
her to survive know what hey in English
please
what's she dying I wanted this yeah last
night really Wow she's back i
resurrected her in time just how did you
do that no really no so I could know
next time I need me around that's why
you need me around if I told you then
you'd get rid of me
how'd you do it how did you do it he
told me then you get rid of me you'd
have recently so Oh even sweaty did I
mention that it's bye bye hey guys I
gotta head to class and wrap up today's
vlog so I hope you guys enjoyed it hope
you enjoyed the new interim to start
rolling out like a bunch of little new
intros that I'm working on and don't
forget to leave your favorite dessert
Danish donut whatever your preference of
choices so we can fatten Jenica up
alright guys I'll see you guys later
