there's no you don't wanna cry okay he's
a little cups player
so my mom just sent as a package it had
six onesies in it there's bulls onesies
a Bulls rookie basketball onesie a
pitching change no diaper change
Cubs although the Cubs need lots of
pitching changes as well little Cubs
onesie their Cubs baseball another Bulls
onesie so that makes three box onesies
three Cubs onesies and three Bulls
onesies what's this whole summer
wardrobe this is all he's gonna wear all
summer
mom I'm feeling three bears onesies
coming next one thank you love you
tena koe is opening I'm in she goes
they're so cute I just want to cry okay
just imagine Sam burping that little
bowls baby farts explosion diarrhea oh
so we will uh thanks mom
they're so stinking precious I want to
die don't die okay just so wow you have
like six babies on your shoulder and for
some reason my stomach's like lopsided I
think his head moved up when I was
working out it's bulging over here right
now you're the cutest little pregnant
lady ever guys she works out she does
aerobics twice a week she's got this big
old belly it should be more than twice I
think that's pretty good I feel like
most pregnant women just like lounge on
the couch just like yeah what's up guys
I'm just hanging out with my business
associates right now we've been talking
business all night you know we got Big C
right here
hey J see this is what I got to deal
with I'm trying to do business right now
I'm strictly business as you can see I'm
wearing my scarf my jacket and these
guys are just clowning around
for those of you have been attentive we
are taking down the spoopy sign sanika
vlogs is no longer spooky until next
October you guys might be wondering what
the heck that I just watched what was
that well I was just joking around no I
was doing a Google hangout with big Cee
Jay blogs ap Trevor a Pathan we were
just having it was funny man it's just
it's crazy I can't believe like two
months ago I didn't even know these guys
and now we're hanging out on this Google
hangout just laughing we've already like
developed like inside jokes black mom
boy some inside jokes someone I know you
man want to make you smile wouldn't be
your sunshine it's crazy it's fun though
so one of these times we have to do
another Google hangout and have you guys
all there cuz it was it was a blast if
you guys have seen Andrews vlog he does
six suits Sunday so we all put on suit
coats and we're like it's six suit
Monday yeah kinda had to be there hey
man I got you an orchid baby girl you
feelin swaggy again today is your
official nighttime shoot well it's so
big and comfy and I hate feeling
constricted in little t-shirts now Jenny
cuz this thing if she feels constricted
she's like a I feel claustrophobic I
could just I don't that's an
exaggeration I just like being
comfortable at night you know we all
want to feel we all want to feel comfy
when we go to bed especially I've never
been pregnant I don't know what it's
like to have a belly and this person
living inside of me yeah it's yeah yeah
just yeah comfy all the way and cool
sucks
belly update its whoo it's hard it's
still a little uneven from my angle this
part popping out we're trying get it or
anything can you guys see does it look
uneven at all what happened earlier
today with your belly well I think his
head got moved around in my workout and
he was like up here I still feel like he
is up here right now
he always tap dances right on my
freaking bladder on Wednesday we are
going in for another doctor's checkup
with
the baby we don't know for having
another ultrasound I'm guessing we will
right I think we'll have another
ultrasound because they gotta like
continually check out all the organs
when we went in for the other one they
looked at the brain at the heart you
could see all four chambers it's crazy
and so we're going in on Wednesday for
another checkup
it's been five weeks we should have
gotten last week but our doctor was out
of town so we put I'm pretty sure his
head is right here now he's moving up
we're super excited for the appointment
though it's always fun to see our little
baby boy and hopefully we have an
ultrasound I hope we get to see him
again and hopefully everything's going
well we keep praying every night that
this little boy will just keep growing
and being you know just everything we're
all normal healthy and so far so good so
we're just so happy and grateful and
hopefully Wednesday will continue to be
that way
because things can change from week to
week but we are keeping that faith alive
yep crazier crazy hair and she don't
care don't care cuz it's bedtime if we
do do an ultrasound I'll film a little
bit in there if they let me like I did
for the last one we had that's like the
coolest part about this some people
might be like oh man the soup so
personal dude I like going back I'm
looking that ultrasound is one of the
greatest memories I've had in the past
year yet I love my life and I have it
forever some of you guys have been
wishing me luck about my job and
everything my applications and all that
real world grown-up stuff and I just
want to say thank you because I feel
like I have so many people looking out
for me thinking about me I just feel
grateful for all that support and I
found out today I had a quick phone
interview with a company and they want
to fly me out to a pretty sweet City for
an interview and I'm just like so stoked
and so happy and so excited so I'm gonna
bring you guys along on the ride not to
the interview or anything like that
it's gonna be crazy it's getting fun so
we're out of juice and we need to buy
some more juice as well as other
groceries but I want to know what your
guys
reduces and if you have any
recommendations for me because you know
how much I love my juice post in the
comments what's your favorite juice or
drink I should try out someone mentioned
the comments today goodness I'm gonna go
look up who that was
they deserve a shout-out it was my boy
gimpy for 82 we're getting closer and
closer to having a thousand subscribers
that's a small feat on YouTube I know
the popular channels have millions but I
think that's pretty cool we have a
thousand new friends almost okay we're
like two hundred away we're still a long
ways to go I guess well guys this was
kind of a short vlog but that's what you
gonna get if it's gonna be daily vlog
some days we got busy some days we're
nuts so I just realized I'm still
wearing my scarf and suit coat for six
you Monday haha ap what's up that guy
jealousy my bro ap in that latest to reg
video right here no I promise I am will
have to go out again and later suckers
guys come out on your favorite juice
we're going to try it out the juice with
the most thumbs up that's the juice that
we're gonna get tomorrow so post your
favorite juicer drinking we will test it
out we love you guys thanks for all the
comments in love and Jenica really needs
to go to bed peace bye
