yo what up we back to just vlogging
this feels kind of weird except I always
film in the car in the morning yeah we
back on that strictly daily vlog
schedule how you doing good we are going
Sam chopping off at school because I am
hanging my BF a show that I've been
working on with my group so that will be
fun I'll try to get some clips while
we're hanging and stuff probably be
there for about three hours hanging
isn't easy oh yeah hangin eight so
yesterday I got our car look I got the
emissions and state inspection done but
it didn't pass emissions because the
service engine light was on so we had to
get that fixed which was super annoying
and stupid stupid dumb and anyways we
are living on the edge right now because
our registration is expired and we get
pulled over it's likely to happen
because lady cops are crazy pull it's
almost guarantee that we'll get pulled
over within the next like I'm gonna get
it renewed on Monday because I'm
supposed to wait drive the car a little
bit to get the emissions off here now
and then I'll then they'll pass it but I
guarantee you will probably get pulled
over so maybe I'll turn the camera on
for that no I hope we don't get pulled
over hate it we're hanging our show
hey guys so I've been trying to show
hung and things are not wouldn't know
how long I wanted them to end up having
to leave go buy new frames again and try
to get them working and now i have to
like reprint all of my parents and kids
they keep getting scratched it's not
going well but it's ok ok sounds like it
i'm placing right and tomorrow will be
easy just to reprint them and we make
them but this is the wall face here are
my prince
I think they're just going wrong
hopefully everything works out get this
picture I'll be okay okay wish me luck
we want to do the gift here so guys that
game was awesome stadium series they're
playing outside at Soldier Field the
snow was coming down the whole game
inches of snow on the ice that they had
to scrape off a shovel off it was
freaking sweet and the Blackhawks won
five to one was the Penguins wassa 12
seconds later so our show is set and
ready to go it looks great lighting this
ramik stuff it looks so great in here
and then my friend Rachel stuff going on
that wall frames and it come a time we
feel so bad some little delay shins oh
hello there little man so I'll just kind
of go through my friend Lindy's where
Madison sorry now you can't see this i'm
sure sam will will film some more stuff
on the actual show day I'm awesome
printmaking stuff lost ramik stuff
that's all one person's work too and
they need it to my stuff hidden on the
back of all sorry terrible glares but
it's hung and ready to go and we shall
see so locally on the night of the show
it'll be dark and blinds will be closed
and everything so the actual lighting
will like the pieces better hello I'm
inside of my prince I'm feeling pretty
good I had lots of difficulties getting
everything done I had some frames break
last minute
food is terrible so I have a lot of
things that I wish weren't going on on
the mat board and things like that like
this dang corner but there's nothing I
can do so like my mother-in-law says I'm
giving it to God yes no no so hopefully
people observe from here and now come
here I'll still see the imperfections oh
well oh no I'm just glad that it's done
it's come well and hopefully people
focused more on the image and not so
much on the presentation of them now
it's open all week until thursday and
then thursday is our reception night
what's going on guys it's nighttime now
you guys know that feeling when it's
been like raining or it's about to rain
and you can let you can like smell the
mist and it just smells like refreshing
and good well it's been like low 50s
high forties here lately which honestly
after having cold weather it just feels
so good and smelling that like misty
almost about to rain just rained air I
just keep smelling it it smells so good
so I wanted to get some fresh air and
just come out here for a little bit yeah
I'm pretty much just a peeping tom on
all these people's houses no I'm kidding
that's weird I'm seriously so proud of
Jenica though she has this art show that
she's been working so hard on she's been
in school for good amount of years you
know and she's been perfecting this
craft of photography that she's been
studying and now it's time to show off
her work and she's had her struggles
she's had moments where she just wanted
to give up but she's pushed through it
she's over five months pregnant just
doing work taking sweet photos getting
straight A's in her class and I think
that's pretty sweet so I can't wait to
check out her work unfortunately it is
the same night her reception as my
biggest class and presentation that I
can't miss I'm required to go to it so
I'm gonna do my best state over there
but I'm definitely know during the week
can't wait to see her work she is a boss
Jenica is awesome i'm so proud of her
and happy for her and everything that
she's done this year in all the years
passed in photography I'd love to post
some of her older photos and different
things so you guys can check it out
because I mean you know she puts a lot
of work into this so I think it's only
fair that I spread the word and let you
guys see her artistic ability she
doesn't do she's not into like the whole
wedding and family photos and that kind
of stuff she likes doing like
creative projects she's doing like
artistic things with like meaning and
it's awesome ways I just want to wrap up
the vlog thanks guys for watching thank
you for all your comments and I've been
thinking like shed you less vlogs what
should i do and see you guys comment and
say hey we enjoy the vlogs helps us to
want to keep doing daily vlogs because
some days are rough some days are harder
than others so thank you for that guys
post in the comments what you think of
Jenna cos photos and what you saw so far
but be nice don't be mean and hopefully
we'll get some more pictures uploaded so
you guys can see them like in high
definition and everything anyways hope
you guys are doing well tell us how your
weekend what'd you guys do what was fun
and we'll see you guys later puse
