in the needle Saburo SBS estamos aqui
estamos aqui vamos a bazaar in dos
minutos
you
hello hello hola hola como estas two
minutes can you hear Jane rip headphone
users guys we're here can you see this
that's us in the picture on my computer
- hello hello what's a good guys can us
watch this this is the first no video
Hey Qi Katie Alan there's video this
video so just likes to be funny can't
hear can't see can't see you can't see
you okay I feel like this is super good
we can't see you
we can't see you this is the first time
that we're doing this on my laptop can
you still not see us oh yeah okay okay
so there's our first time we're doing
this on my laptop and I don't know if
the audio is gonna be good and I don't
know if the video is gonna be that good
it's just kind of a test I just hooked
it up five minutes we said we were gonna
do a livestream today so here we are
the the lighting like it just really you
can see all my pores all my sweat let me
adjust the lighting a little bit hi
everybody
you guys here bug tomorrow we talk about
how Noah wants to put everyone in jail
lately oh we're still live what's in my
potty people happy Labor Day to everyone
right the United States happy regular
visit Monday Monday to everyone else
around the world totally want to see
third baby well they're guys well
they're almost I seriously got hit in
the forehead
I think PJ scratched cod my face we were
doing flips you were doing flips
she's not very happy no third baby right
this second I can tell you that I'm not
pregnant
no maybe next year sometime
what's up from Florida hello from Egypt
so cool and Florida is really cool too
sorry okay
so how is that it's a video like a
little bit better audio is are you okay
yeah we good this could be crazy no we
didn't take a nap today
PJ took an hour a nap she's very unhappy
she's watching Elmo Sesame Street
something right now or something and
here live in the flesh
don't mind me Noah's just my hairdresser
right now give me a hair twins hi from
Salt Lake City Utah hi from Houston it
looks and sounds good okay I do I'm
video really awesome so I hooked this up
really quick
we'll definitely fine-tune it it's just
soaked up to my laptop I usually stream
on my PC so this is a little different
Jenna the cropping is weird that's
because the I'm not thing up tough well
it's not during the full screen because
my laptop only lets me do you like 720p
I could actually go like this and make
it bigger now we're like full full
screen okay good work in progress I like
it why is artist anyways welcome
everyone to our stream today has been
let's see anything but a day off I just
filmed some stuff and also took some
pictures and I have to take another
picture and then we're gonna head over
to Monica and Elliot's in the next baby
stuff yeah we're gonna they have a lot
of baby stuff and the baby could be here
any weeks could be here any day oh good
today we're gonna talk about this in the
blood do it can I can I teach you
Spanish will you let me we should learn
oh we're at each stage you should watch
Danny's book Danny and Valentina
it's so crazy every time I see a picture
of Carter I'm like look like Noah but
guess what me and Valentina have the
same name we're both Guerrero's although
I'm pretty sure she's moving to LA and
I'm from Argentina so here's a good
question Tiffany Cooley so we've been in
Arizona two weeks now yeah is it only
been two weeks it feels like it's been
months at the same time there's only it
feels like it's only been a couple days
yeah because we got here started unpack
I took off we have so much to do so much
still to do we haven't really like
diving into our Arizona plans as far as
exploring absolutely the summer like the
heat like right now it's a 104 degrees
outside
so it's so pretty hot we usually go
outside in the morning the morning and
then at night when it's super hot but
we're excited for the next couple months
where it's going to be more mild is this
instead of a blog yes this is instead of
a blog today I just was easier for us
and we like talking to you live like
enough off the couch so what's your
favorite thing though so far there's
enough my favorite thing so far I just
love that it's new and different
I've loved honestly even though it's
been like really hot it's still been fun
to like go outside and like going bike
rides and stuff so you could have we
could have moved to anywhere that's Joe
Montana the newness Jen just wanted a
change of scenery I don't know yes I
can't describe why Arizona it just felt
right and it still does and I'm glad
we're here like I don't have any regrets
on coming to Arizona yeah it's crazy
we're at church yesterday and I guess
all the people have been moving out of
our church like boundaries the people
that go to our church David I call I
tried calling in faith time in you
yesterday or the day before and you
didn't call me back I was second to
Andrew on the phone I was like I have
not talked to David I call again I tried
calling you right David I tried
facetiming him if anyways people at
church were saying they were like
for more people that come in their area
and then in the past three weeks there's
been a ton of families so that's kind of
cool I really like our new I love our
ward and I like I love yeah I don't know
I know was really enjoying his preschool
I'm glad he's doing that opportunity I
know we could do that anywhere I don't
know I just I'm enjoying Arizona I don't
have to do it I think let's see whatever
I enjoyed so far we're definitely in a
more populous there's like it's there's
more alive yeah I loved looking for
school and stuff and I love dita but it
just feels different out here it's like
I feel like a new table there's a lot of
like the same and here there's a little
bit more different things and new things
for us to explore Trader Joe's has been
great there's an amazing bike path and
running path near our house and I think
my favorite part though absolutely
favorite so far has been seeing Noah
grow so much in such a little time two
weeks yeah
killing it at school and just being so
good you know that's been pretty cool so
I'm really excited for everything else
I've have a list of tons of things you
want to do I have actually not been done
yet no because with the move I didn't
want to get lost in the mail like
getting back to me well you could tell
you could have really need to do it now
that's true
I'm gonna do it this week I'm winded
this week I just I'm there's so much to
my mind people commented in the vlog
saying that actually like my talking is
just so frazzled and it is I guess my
brain doesn't shut down so much
yes it's hard to me it's hard for me to
tell no I do you like straight whenever
we ask to know what I feel like serisone
he says says he misses a blue house but
it really deep down inside I think he's
a lot happier here the sun's suck they
do who cares
better than the Bulls Rena Oh a Z meet
up oh how to focus out of focus unicut
you're gonna cut mommy's here seems like
okay doesn't like me there hey just get
a little bit no but they can see the cut
on my forehead can you please tell no uh
I really need to say Stewart's torch
jeez so high what would you still say
starch what are you saying that Darth
Vader he's a story if he says he doesn't
like it let him have his own opinion
that's the thing is like he does like it
it's not it's one of those things when
you ask a kid to do something and then
they do like the opposite because they
think it's funny like he does like
that's yeah you definitely but we all
miss our friends and we do miss Utah but
yeah I'm not trying to let her or
something to have our same opinion no no
like I just can tell like he's been
super happy here he there's just more
space for them to run around and play
and they even play soccer every night
and we just really super cramped in our
last place yeah and we stand we FaceTime
I we FaceTime Totti and Te'o once or
twice a week
tell me them so that's Kelly inspired
thank you
awesome job I'm gonna spiro promo thank
you so much I was such I don't want to
say I rushed it but we shot that and
liked it there was a very quick like
three hours and it just was like this
this this I was a night editing Bing
Bing Bing yeah this is really going
crazy
I just wants to like focus on something
we're using a different camera than we
usually is for the live stream um so
when I asked to uh about an Arizona
Meetup
I think we're definitely doing we're
leaving this weekend and we haven't
really planned the date we want to make
sure it's a solid date so it's like Sept
about September 4th we'll do it when it
cools up a little bit maybe we'll do it
next month in October thing that'd be
more enjoyable for everyone
David how do you feel about kids engage
of it oh my whole mg hey if they're
happy I'm happy for them yeah Rhys
they've been dating a long time I'm
happy to just put the camera on PJ you
want say hi guys she's not happy right
now
she's watching some baby kids cartoon
there's like little red cream Tony
actually going back to Todd this month
for our friend's wedding will be in Salt
Lake and
when we back up for that oh it's trying
to focus on the backlit area that could
be like how did you get so good at
battle exams baby Oh a cam I plated them
Matt Philly's brother lots of practice
are you doing special things to keep the
Scorpions of the house we actually I've
seen three I think in the house well
we've had I mean total where the one we
moved in there was the dead one I saw
someone I saw one somewhere else I just
want to say where it was where it was
not in our room see it was not upstairs
where it was downstairs where I'm not
going to tell me you saw another one do
kill Noah knows right when we moved in
we're in the toilet and I was kidding
no it's downstairs in the kitchen area
seriously yeah I said some things are
better left to die you don't say I like
that he died you're freaking it was like
right when we moved in like the same day
and oh yeah I'll tell a story store any
time story time because I cut it you did
kill so it was I don't want to say we're
okay listen and we'll tell the story we
move in first of all you I saw this
scorpion over sitting for a few weeks
empty dollar Monica's watching right now
scorpions can fit through like half a
quarter size in space like tiny spaces
the house is vacant for three weeks
it's hot I'm not surprised that they got
in the house has been sprayed in
probably a month where did you see that
it was pretty funny though because like
so many people that have been here have
either never seen them or they have a
lot and I guess this neighborhood does
see him in certain areas he also doesn't
go looking for them every night I do he
like
Dibley goes and looks for scorpions you
guys this is the question do you guys
want me to do a scorpion hunting vlog or
that'd just be gross where do you find
it interesting I feel like it'd be kind
of cool
you still it's weird that like for some
reason I don't think I would notice a
scorpion as much during the day because
I picture scorpions is glowing
do you know where did you see it finish
your story I wish we had the vlog on
though when I was right by my ear okay
so here's the deal
I could actually take this on there I
could pick this up and take you guys to
the place okay okay so same week like a
couple days before I left I mean the
same timeframe okay
it's like 11 o'clock and I go into the
pantry no I have a picture can I check
every name I check every name let me try
it okay it is sitting there like that
okay before so they're nocturnal they
come out at night I saw it up here right
I saw up here are you kidding I could
take you guys there no don't take him
there and I saw it there and I grabbed
something that we've been using to kill
I can't remove it was it more than the
crutch yeah I was for the crutch I mean
you seem like the crush
I have her bone hurt bone can't talk
anyways scorpion king yes thank you Andy
and I take it and I go back and ate like
it's juicy they dumped on the top of the
wall and it's like and I'm like I got it
like yeah too
double kill and I hear it drop and then
I listen I hear like no are you kiddin
cuz they like kind of like scamper
almost and I was like oh crap it's like
still moving I thought I'd head shot you
know and I get up I got a date I gotta
see their chair I see it a chair I put
it in there and you're upstairs and I'm
trying to do this quickly I don't want
you to know about it cuz you know I'm
just trying to protect you
this is why I haven't been able to sleep
at night and I go up there and I start
removing items and I remove this I
remember this everyone this remove this
no scorpion I was like oh where is this
scorpion where did it go I couldn't find
it it disappeared and I was like I've
got a huge you can see the guts on the
wall almost like it's juicy and so it's
gone and I was like oh man so I go in
there like a couple times every couple
minutes like make sure you're not yeah
they want you to know and it's I don't
know it is I removed everything up every
shelf like picking everything up and I'm
like okay here we go
and then I go in an hour later and this
dude City under the shelf tail out ready
to strike ready to get you so I had to
get him I got a paper plate and I caught
him in it
I took him to the to the sink garbage
disposal I totally had all this I wanted
to eliminate the problem and then I
could bring it up with you because it's
not a problem anymore so now you can
share the story and I put them in there
are you serious in the garbage and I
made sure I had that thing running for
like five minutes
oh so Scorpion King baby and we have not
seen a scorpion inside the house ever
since and we got sprayed after that so
yeah then we got sprayed sprayed in the
pantry
that's why you ask why if you double
check to see me did I didn't think of
anything in there Oh where's and I will
return for them to go in for a bag of
chips again you've never seen one during
the day they come out at night usually
I've been checking every night I go in
with the black light I look everywhere
I've been queuing anything outside like
all my shoes are still in a box because
I'm terrified to take them out of the
box so I'm afraid of school wouldn't
climb in my shoes I have been taking my
shoes cuz like people like every time I
put them on the ones that I leave near
the door but we haven't seen any more
inside the house we sprayed outside the
house I wake up every night and I see
something glowing what is no this is the
first time you've sucked on your thumb
and chewing on it so how Stanley
Stanley's dead Stanley the scorpion
Thank You nd MooMoo do you say Jen
perfect that it's crazy though cuz I hit
like these are the scorpions people put
in rocks they put in their scorpions
suckers there's all sorts of scorpion no
thanks I was like maybe we should start
their own business but who likes who
likes to hunt scorpions and bugs with me
not me to anyone here ya know what do we
do let me tell you about this guy let me
tell you about this guy you see this guy
Hey look at that camera look in the
camera say what's up people we are the
scorpion on guys scorpion guys bug guys
bug hunters right me and you go get our
lights go get our lights no more lights
hi every night we can't show them until
night should we do a live stream at
night we can't it's still light outside
so no and I go and hunt bugs every night
we didn't last night we've been playing
soccer every night for like an hour it's
been a great workout like it's been
great but yeah squirt being gay Oh
anyway other questions um so I have to
leave it open I'll be seriously clawed
my face so like I read the next book
sort of glass comes out soon she I mean
I follow her on Instagram and the next
book is coming out soon
well I read it yes guys oh they make
good pets know how you feel about not
having daylight savings time I think
it's fine I don't know I've never
experienced it so we'll let you know
how'd you meet Monica Elliot Elliot and
Sam serves the missions together and
then they yeah they live together for
nine month at Hertz semis for like nine
months or something and then their
friendship this is our bug hunting
lights nor has my black light and do you
guys remember that TV show short again I
see someone's question yes mo again this
is like an older TV show it was on MTV
and they would I think it was like a
dating show had one of the parts of it
what was the show called someone help me
I hope someone remembers this they would
be dating going like a blind date or
they'd be someone they're already dating
I can't remember exactly but they'd
always go over to the room or their
house and the funniest part was always
like alright put down the club now I'm
gonna pull off the backlight like
looking around the whole room with the
backlight you guys remember that show
joy be cameras pointed more towards me
now what was that show called I'm so
funny
let's see which probably should wrap
this up guys
room Raiders Thank You Ashley Langford
room Raiders you remember that show I
saw had a couple times and that's all I
can think about when I see this black
play him a bit yeah it would always like
Project Runway those are my two favorite
right now and I haven't watched his new
show called the good doctor with I don't
know the actor's name for his name but
that one looks really cool so he's like
he has autism and he's like a surgeon
and it looks cool I'll probably start
watching that then what would you do if
you two didn't make this that's a good
question probably the same thing I'm
doing right now no I don't know I never
saw myself doing videos and stuff he
always made videos my whole life but
it's funny you guys have been so
supportive of some of our brand deals
lately just loving on the stuff and
saying such nice things so much guys and
Sam works really really the cool part is
like the brand's like we've been working
with these really high-end brands that
it's been such a blessing honestly if we
hadn't had that stuff it would be very
hard to be continually doing social
media like YouTube instead because
though as we've said many times we don't
make that much money off of like YouTube
it's when we do integrations that we do
make money and we've always tried to
make them at least as time that was gone
on to make them more fun for you guys or
just more enjoyable and I would like to
bring some of that higher level stuff to
the vlogs it's hard to sustain that like
every single day and with kids even just
moving with kids is like insane like
toddlers and stuff and a baby I don't
know do something like this I think one
day I want to work in eSports
Sam would really love I thinking we're
really cool who's Charlie Charlie so
Monica had a realtor friend award and
she helped us a lot finding houses when
we were coming out here and she has a
son named Charlie and they're they're
gonna get the same soccer team that's
who charlie is he's Noah's age I'm there
hi mom di oggi um he's an OG no you
might see you in G this weekend I think
yeah when PG turns 2 or 3 we'll probably
sign her up for something dance sir
whatever she wants to do I don't know
probably do dance first she can run
around do you watch Game of Thrones who
do not watch Game of Thrones I didn't
see I haven't seen any nemesis I want to
watch Game of Thrones but there's too
much though we're like and people
watching on be danger but I just have a
I don't care the pirate beats the
Pirates be the coastal oh yeah that was
I watched the first two innings and I
was that guy I'm not gonna be here day I
took a the birds loss or still get high
og kids guys yes some guy a serious
thing like that you probably won't that
he will in his own that's overtime see
how we reacted hey soccer do you like
living in Arizona no do you like pizza
I think thanks guys good
you know like pizza oh you do like pizza
no did I wish too many other fight yeah
yeah okay we should probably wrap this
up cuz we got other things we had to do
I think we've been left for like 30
minutes
and it's so fun I like going live yeah
yeah I do too
you should make a book club Jen my
brother actually is doing a book club he
and my sister are currently reading the
Harry Potter series no no I can see
himself yeah
we have articles we're out here in
Arizona I feel like we've started some
of them already would you say hi oh hi
hi where's PJ she's hanging I feel like
we're off to a good start
no no that's good that's good yeah we're
excited not like I mean follows my
favorite season I love fall in Utah so
I'll miss that but oh baby baby will you
open up your box
probably not I don't think will do I
don't know I don't know like it's hard
there's so much pressure and I don't I
feel bad like I don't want you guys like
feel obligated to send things and I just
honestly it's just I don't know I have
mixed feelings yeah anyways hope you
guys enjoyed our live stream noah say
what's up can you say bye we're gonna
wrap this up thirty minutes of peace
quiet livestream that's pretty good
we'll see you guys we're gonna look blog
tomorrow for sure and say i'm looking
like a proper dad please
