how do y'all it's Sunday and we're
watching the Oscars and they're eating
pizza which makes me want pizza right
now how about you then I love Ellen this
is hilarious what would you do seriously
I could go for some pizza now even
though we just ate a couple minutes ago
but it's Sunday we're watching the
Oscars yep we are do you want pizza no
it's just fine that they're eating pizza
I want pizza look at that pizza look at
that looks good anyways today marks the
two month mark ish of when we started
vlogging can you believe it no I feel
like I've been doing a lot longer than
too much I personally feel like it's
been fast but the same time it's like
holy cow a lot of stuff has happened in
the past two months lots and lots and
lots no more stuff is gonna happen Jen
was just telling me about the countdown
to how many days until Sam jr. that's
not his real name is coming to us to
live here with us in this place well
actually we might not be living here Sam
jr. that's not how many days 116 116
days guys that's slot thinking about
that number that's a hundred 16 more
days that would get to sleep in and then
it's over until we're like 60 every
month that passes that we're vlogging so
this is only the second time that we've
done this we think about the past month
and what we enjoyed what was your
favorite walk of rain um I'd have to see
say not see your great luggage it'll
speed skating thing video the
interpretive ice dancing thank you
perfect
member
that was that was good samick olympics
for fun i also enjoyed the day that I
was buried alive guys I don't know where
I am right now this is kind of freaky
I think I heard something
hello
I gotta get out here
it's been awesome two months of logging
hope you guys are still having fun
watching us why are you laughing at
thank you let's see what month 3 has in
store I was thinking for the third month
we might cut the vogs down maybe like
every other day three to five logs a
week Shaytards are doing it everyone's
doing it I don't want to post something
just to post something each day I want
it to be enjoyable for all parties what
do you guys think should I cut it down
35 vlogs a week I don't care we've made
a lot of new friends in the first two
months of logging a lot of shoutouts all
the cool people hey Sam akka I love you
man y'all channels awesome samick vlogs
I've been watching them lightly I gotta
shut up my guy Sam Anderson my buddies
in Anderson ingenico so sighs oh my god
Sam man the vlogs are entertaining I Sam
you asked for hey Sam Anderson they're
good and they're probably better that we
are sanika vlogs Jenica and Sam samokov
logged users gradual cool samick of
vlogs that's pretty and we're looking
forward to the next coming weeks and
days and months impossible years this
has been cool so far it's been a lot of
fun it has been cool there has been
shoutouts there's been even fanart dpu
the man I want to give a shout out to
someone that follows the vlog he is
awesome he's married to really cool gal
and they live in Texas and they started
vlogging this like week practically they
just started I've caught almost all
their vlogs I need to watch the rest
tonight and they are funny cool I think
you guys would love watching channel is
catch you on the pill side i'm going to
post a link in the description and put
an annotation here you guys seriously
need to check them out if you think
anything about us is relatively
interesting they are ten times more
interesting and funny so go check them
out this is how real man starts fire
oh man do these red looking for lynly
you're too much today's go subscribe
giving thumbs up comments and trust me
you're gonna be glad you did also go
check out my brother-in-law aP's new
video that just went up it's a youtubers
farting if you guys like YouTube which
you do and you like youtubers yay all is
good and right in the world I think
that's a yes give me hug love you so
fine whoo this will crack you up it is
well put together it's creative and
funny here's a link to that go check it
out how about a sneak peek of tomorrow's
blog and then you get to my stuff hidden
on the back of home since we've been
watching the Oscars today we want to
know what was your favorite movie this
past year what was mine I like saving
mr. banks my favorite movie was probably
I don't know what my favorite movie is
last movie sounds like the lego movie
I'm kind of excited to see flight plan I
think that it's called the one where the
guy's like hijack the plane or blamed
for it on with Liam Neeson gravity was
pretty good and they seem to be winning
everything right now we'll see you guys
tomorrow
you
