hey guys what's going on it's Friday and
it's pretty early in the morning not
really it's mid morning and I was
walking out of my house and I look over
my neighbors have like cookies just like
pouring out of their mailbox someone
must have come last night and just stuff
their mailbox with cookies I thought it
looked really funny but it's a nice
surprise and sure you I'll show you guys
my mean lucky hey it's Bonnie hey Bonnie
what honey Bonnie what are you doing out
here it's raining in Bonnie don't get
hit Bonnie get back inside get back
inside good job see you later we'll see
you later back on the daily vlogs how
was your still looking at the video i
uploaded history of the samek olympics
final event and for the first time in
like 10 days we got one thumbs down one
of you guys is a team Sam hater that's
all I got to say that's the only
explanation for it right who's the team
Jenica person giving the thumbs down
there's probably Jetta cut herself she
gave it a thumbs down after that long
it's right yo a lot of you guys were
like hating on me in the comments for
you know missing that shot in the diaper
challenge saying my ball skills should i
come and play guys I had just gotten the
phone call that kind of like didn't
rattle me but I had my nerves on the
edge it was a job phone call so I was
thinking about that during the challenge
I mean you guys need further proof that
I can hit a shot check this out
you good what's up Oh laser it wags wags
wags wags wags aren't you my cookies
cookies make me fat we don't buy sweets
we just by chicks ahoy with reese's Bob
cookies before now we might cook sweets
oh we just don't buy cookies or sweets
this girl right here daughter's
pregnancy problems guys I'm having for
having ways I'm having a baby when she's
having a baby I did not tell him to buy
those cookies but now I have to eat 1 X
whacked reg yeah let's try them out
Bruce food well guys the cookie looks
nothing like the picture but it tastes
pretty good it's funny it's like a
cookie is already kind of bad for you
and then let's just put more candy on
the cookie to make it even worse for you
why not write a slippery slope those
cookies stop buying cookies tell us
about how you got the shirt where's this
from well you see we go on the front
strip every year two years I don't know
hey guys mercier Yellowstone having a
good time beautiful beautiful America
Old Faithful that way horse over there
mom and that water's muddy a gene
sandwich some waffle fries a real good
time shooting some guns this fire yep
babe I dep honestly I just I say look at
it I can't hit it I look in just would
you just look at oh no he's setting up
the target please leave it bring it in
my bag with this thing put mag button in
the thing we had our friend fizzle
what was the competition for a moment
longer hard work tomorrow let moss we
got them all are you just being the best
that weekend I was the most lavish
Jenica one that shirt for being the
coolest and the best that we can made up
points made up games and she wanted just
ate we're here at the cabin this is a
real world versus road rules so far the
points have been divvied out I don't
really understand the point system I 130
points playing basketball 50 points for
getting second place the winner of the
card game Egyptian rats raise screw
let's see what's going on over there
Dwight Howard to Houston
what a great prize thanks fizz it
finally fits I can finally wear cuz
there's something to put in it kind of
out of the routine of daily vlogging
because we're doing the challenges so
like you've been doing all this stuff
and we even recorded any of it so we
need to get better at doing that again
good things are on the horizon though we
got spring break coming up in a week
crazy I can't believe that's already
here this year's going by so fast I'm
giving a shout out to someone tomorrow
on the wall but you guys have to check
out maybe I'll do to shoutouts we'll see
and there's a couple other good things
that are coming the cars about to take
off team road rules I have five sticks
of deodorant is that excessive but you
guys know a bunch of them are free so I
guess not it's the freakin weekend we
just did like 10 loads of laundry we're
folding it all up you bed ok gentlemen
it up while I take care of other things
don't act like I haven't done anything
today babe Lions Batman but Jenna has
done a lot of stuff so anyways we will
see you guys tomorrow it's been good
it's a kind of short vlog but like I
said just getting back in the routine of
things yep hope you guys stick around
see ya until tomorrow guys a better day
a better vlog and I'll see you later
peace
