what's up peeps is Thursday it's raining
as you can see but on the mountains it's
kind of snowing it has been such a busy
week the sweet and today is my busiest
day so let's get it guys check it out
moving the globe heading outside cuz
Jenica brought me pizza she's the best
seriously I mean yeah the best first off
apologies for the late vlog I was at a
bachelor party for a friend tonight we
went out to eat had a good time and then
we ended up playing basketball for a
couple hours
crazy right that's what he did so I got
home really late and now we're about to
film the last part of the sanic Olympics
are you ready
welcome everyone to the fifth and final
day of the same akka Olympics
it is currently tied two to two and
today will decide it all the pressure is
on prime-time television coming at you
there's the deal we have one final event
winner takes all the winner will be
proud as the sanika Olympics champion
and will receive this trophy able to
voice I win sleeping with me tonight
baby like a boy I started that too boy
let's start here oh my gosh seriously
guys is that not a boy dancer so we've
left you hanging on with the fifth and
final event is it's really not that cool
but it's fun it's good for both plates
gonna be good it's equal playing fields
we've been doing the Kleenex box
challenge but with a twist
whoever can pull them out as fast as
they can but we will both be blindfolded
yes so we might have to look at the
video to see who wins cuz we might
finish so close are you ready for a
Jenica win dedicating company guys for
the last time show your support for team
Sam let's do this I just got nervous too
I just got really nervous we both
decided on this game together
Jen thought by doing Kleenex blindfolded
if we're both blindfolded it'd be more
fair and I agree
I can't see it all I'm nervous
we're really close to each other I know
my final ball Oh hold on my breath
that's a bad idea
this is it guys hey
I just want to give a shout out it's all
the people that believed in me khlo
Parker I wanna shout out the haters
Travis Travis it home to shout out the
haters Trevor hey you know as you put
the field in my fire when I get I wanna
give a shout out he's lovable for always
being there for me
hey soos Maddie do a Disney Romano
reason
so you can pay off
I Knight you the first champion I don't
know how many people watch this Kofi but
I wanted to be a fair sport so we have a
second-place trophy that is going to
Jenica Anderson yes I met you as second
place of the semicolon pics too bad
speech please please
this sheep trophy goes out to all my
Jenica fans and my Jenica supporters I
read my heart forever and I really
appreciate it
dancing behind me well it was a fair win
it's a fair fight we'll only be able to
see how it really went down when we look
back in the footage see if you cheated
it all at one time big one I feel like
so I can't remember one in the chemists
pump in looking at the Friday
Hoan does not simply stop dancing when
getting scraped or scrapped cheese balls
one Kleenexes guys we hope you liked the
last challenge we thought it was pretty
fair as intense
we built the know if you're like did you
like the same a coulombic did you have
fun watching it i know it's five crazy
days of sama : bazaar oh yeah we're
gonna get back on the daily vlogs but
did you like it I was thinking maybe we
could do like a sanic Olympic challenge
once a week or once a month what do you
guys think should we do one once a week
or once a month post in the comments if
you think we should do a sanic Olympic
challenge once a week or once a month or
Never
I do like the same Felix I wasn't too
hard I got a little hot-headed sometimes
competitiveness was brought out but
behind the camera and behind the scenes
we always made up at the end of the day
I got you babe I got you babe and this
guy ready okay well guys it's been good
we hope you enjoyed it I hope you had
fun with us because we sure had fun we
will see you tomorrow
thank you
