hey guys it's actually Wednesday and I'm
putting this in Tuesday's vlog which is
going up on Wednesday if that's
confusing enough and I just wanted to
say that last night was really fun I did
a Google hangout from where I was
playing basketball with Jay blogs Big C
Rebecca
Jessica Tate logs and it was honestly a
lot of fun even though I couldn't be
there the whole time
there's awesome meeting people on
YouTube and it was like we already knew
each other it was crazy and they are
seriously some of the nicest people I've
ever talked to I mean I just had a
really good time I can't wait to do it
again that just shows you how cool
YouTube is you can meet random people
yeah I mean you got to be safe but
random cool people like them it was fun
hanging out with them it was fun hanging
out with you guys the other day and I
can't wait to do more hangouts cuz it's
just it's just a good time beautiful day
and there's this
it's country
and kind of creepy time happy what's
today Tuesday that's actually Wednesday
if you're watching this though it was
nuns guys this is our backyard these
mountains snow-covered mountains but
yeah I think of that what do you think
of those mountains shaky another low
shake you wanna help me find a puppy or
something creepy bands come on it's your
phone up oh I'll give it a can if you
help me oh you're creepy
thank you that's what my like people
always talked about when we were kids
like don't talk to strangers
oh hi guys tonight is day 3 right the
green of the Seneca Olympics and we are
doing what challenge sir the what's in
my hand challenge this challenge is
basically that you think whatever you
want and you put it in the other
person's hand and they have to guess
what that object is and they need to
know that bit to say the name of object
so each of us have picked three items
that we are going to be sharing with
each other blindfolded for each item
that we get right and we pick it'll be a
point you have to say the exact name of
it we know the names of the things we
might not know yes we picked items up
the other person should be able to guess
I have a couple items that might view
it's harder for me standing up with
girls and he's very observant and but
he's a very boy boy so he knows
everything about boys stuff and
everything about girls stuff so only
after let's do this so comment below
before you watch the video to see or
make your gifts of who's gonna win it's
gonna be me me me since I went first in
the cotton ball challenge
Jenica has opted to go first this time
she's currently blindfolded looking to
smell my breath Oh Roger I've had no si
Racha today smells like comments by Co
master 30-second time limit I'm gonna
give her one item I'm gonna show you
guys what the item is and then nervous
you guys will go first I want to know
what these are the Sam we got said
they're hard ok here's my first item 5
in doesn't know what it is timer is set
for 30 seconds I'm putting it in her
hand she's a lot of smell it feel it do
whatever she wants you did go oh this is
the top of a deodorant
I mean yeah that's good stealing sealant
okay my gosh I said I washed it with the
water to get over the sea yeah be nice
and be nice
no that's hard here is item number two
ready go I know it's a game for a device
15 seconds oh okay it's either Nintendo
know it's a game is it Gameboy three
seconds okay - okay boy game one we take
off your blindfold 64 memory card no
it's a memory card I don't know
no yeah and you would not know what that
is because what do you think I bet some
of you so no girl wouldn't know that's a
cheap one beam let's see how hard years
are okay not fair
okay people watching was that one fair
no that was not fair come on here's item
number three ready set go
you feed me a seasoning seriously boy
there's a couple you could guess and you
probably get it cuz you know I think
you're good to get it sir six seconds I
have no idea I like this game way too
hard of a I guess for seasoning no I
mean I arranged to give you it rosemary
no not rosemary
No maybe so no not salt like not a I
know this mom I I said rosemary I'll
just say rosemary it's wrong okay take
off your blindfold
give me let me do this together let's
marry yes I wouldn't that's right I
didn't way easier than that guys okay a
nintendo64 memory card those don't even
exist anymore now it is my turn to guess
three items
Jenica got two out of three one was
cheap my first item go okay oh my - eat
it
come on you know what it is just say it
it's a cough drop I was way too nice -
you may open yes there we go my are
gonna be boring him because he's gonna
win because he gave me a freaking memory
card from the 80s well maybe it's better
to go last
thank you here's my second oh where is
it where is it
here's my second I don't okay give the
timer is this gonna be toxic I think
it's in my mouth yeah what's your guess
I yeah you got a couple inches okay you
need is eyedrops is it is it good I look
oh my he knew the whole time that is a
big container ready to deliver no I
seriously thought I was like eyeshadow
primer or something but what it didn't
have a smell and I like the consistency
see
oh wait easier than yours that was item
three you know what it is don't waste
time just say what it is a bobby pin
well guys it looks like I'll be sleeping
in the doghouse tonight I'm going to
just make my bed right here Sam echo
Olympics have been canceled until
further notice it is with great deep it
is with great regret that I have to
inform you that the say Michael epochs
will be no more that Jenica has
withdrawn from the same
oh stop it
I'm just being a poor sport the things
that are unfair this was the worst idea
we ever had
so off-camera I gave her one of these
this is what I was gonna give her
instead of the memory card it's my phone
battery and she was filling it around
and she said an iPod
we don't have an iPod but what if I you
keep so many knickknacks that's true so
I don't feel bad about the memory card
anymore cuz this is what I was gonna do
instead of the memory that it's probably
a little easier than a Nintendo 64 but I
couldn't get either of them ladies and
gents okay because all of yours were a
lot harder than mine but comment below
if you think his run fair no so she got
rosemary I picked a spice that we use
semi frequently so she new hobby paint
rosemary I picked eyedrops the I dropped
I seriously didn't I was his eye drops
are like a primer of her makeup and that
was I thought it was a nail polish at
first like that's like not selling my
fingers we should have gotten a little
bit more creative with our items I had
so you and I wanted to give you you were
created no do you know what I wanted a
deodorant packet packaging I walked into
work yesterday and inside there was like
a cigarette that had been barely used
and I was like I'm gonna bring the
cigarette and it's you she's gonna give
it you probably would have though so the
moral of the story is that Jenica is
only yourself to blame for my takeover
as future champion of the semicolon fix
i'm currently up to two one tell us to
redo this game because you cheated do
you think this was fair I believe so
things like I knew what the things were
that you were giving me I thought you
did we've played Nintendo 64 before I
have never seen a memory card guys that
was the least satisfactory when I've
ever had him
morale the story it's not always good to
beat your wife it's never good to beat
your wife physically or in games
another sanika Olympics day in the books
event 3 is over in tomorrow we have
another activity coming for you it's the
baby diaper challenge and that one I
better win because I've been changing
but since I was 11 or 12 I better win if
I don't win that challenge I will be
done forever anyways you look really
comfy down there guys it's winter go
home for Jenica we're good I'm just I'm
just kidding she's not kidding yeah we
can sleep out here daily
oh we're both winners now see you guys
tomorrow
bye good job Sam I'm so proud of you
