yo what's up YouTube fam I just got my
haircut I might look a little different
right now it always takes me like a day
or two even a week to get used to
getting a haircut but I just got my
haircut
I'm heading up to Jena cos work because
we are going to log on and hang out with
you guys so I hope some of you guys are
showing up so we can have some fun
answer some questions and have a little
dance session I yeah yeah what's up
what's up what's up we just had our
Google hangout with all of you guys it
was a lot of fun it was awesome
seriously my face hurts from smiling so
much because I was laughing and smiling
the whole time Trevor was there and
echoes there Karen is there an AP and if
you guys haven't seen it I'll put a link
in the description you can go back and
watch it we were planning on a 30 minute
hangout and it ended up going an hour
and 30 minutes so if you guys stayed and
watched the whole thing
props to you guys cuz I can't imagine
that was that fun
or maybe it was I don't know we had a
lot of fun so thanks for watching guys
that was really cool
Thanks so I was just talking to Trevor
from couple loggers about hot dogs and
it got me hungry for dinner and I'm
having some Angus bun length smoked
uncured angus big Frank's Trevor these
aren't the ones that I've had before but
I think they're all beef and I want to
try them out so I'll tell you how they
taste because you know cuz you're the
hot type King this is how I cook my hot
dogs though butterflies down just wait
you got to hear the sizzle that's I'm
talking about that's the sound of a nice
wiener my friend's mom used to make
butter fried hot dogs and so she would
put butter in the pan and then butterfly
don't like that word fried yeah and they
were so good good idea
so my portfolio book just came spent way
too much money on this but we have to
it's like a final capstone class before
yoga class we have to get a very
expensive portfolio which is really fun
so I just got this black the front is
kind of like a matte finish kind of and
then the inside is really pretty and
glossy I haven't gotten the sleeves yet
but
that's real nice portfolio whoa
and this just means I'm almost at my
school halfway there whoa I mentioned it
in the hangout today I got this sweet
hot pepper mustard it has habanero
jalapeno cayenne and Chipotle now I'll
be applying that to my hot dogs it's
gonna be delicious
welcome to Hut gam whoo so you guys know
we love juice and now we're gonna start
juice of the week now is king but really
this is a good one mango juice 100% it's
like real juice it's like crushed shaker
picked taste yeah but you know I always
gotta have my apple juice we also have
this apple juice in here oh that's good
juice in here oh that's good and we also
have this juice we just got today to try
lemon juice the week next week any of my
old school apple juice that I just have
a girl that girls juicing for the
Olympic someone needs to test her for
peds because she's juiced yo quick
juicing six and a half hours later today
someone told us that they eat flamin hot
cheetos with cream cheese
who said that Jen Karen so we wanted to
try it out and here goes nothing oh it
tastes like Oh sick you're ruining my
cream cheese is it good I don't know I
can't decide it's just like making one
fatty food fattier I know Trevor hates
crunching yes I've been I got the less
fat I did a little dip and chip it kind
of melds up the flaming happen but if
you were to choose would you just grab
the bag of flamin hot cheetos or would
you grab it with the cream cheese now
I'm like I really want to pound some
calories
hello everyone I have taken over your
broadcast system
my name is Kiev I'm a Russian spy from
Sochi my hostage is not cooperating but
I'm here to say that team Sam is winning
one to zero
are you ready for event - yep
what is up guys it was that guy today is
day two of the semi-colon vixx - it is
currently what Jenica won 2-0 for me
team Sam hashtag team Sam today we'll be
doing our second event which is the
cotton wool challenge the cotton ball
challenge for those of you that are not
familiar with it is a game that is
played with two bowls cotton balls a
spoon and what's the objective to see
how many even cotton balls you can get
into the bowl it skips here you get five
scoops wow she's already cheating and
practicing neither of us have played
this game it's a cheating just like
yesterday the winner of this event will
get one point which will go towards
their point total and thus amico
Olympics now in the comments right now
before you watch this and do not cheat I
know which one of you guys are cheating
in the comments we want you to guess how
many cotton balls each of us is gonna
get before you watch how many I'm gonna
get in and how many Jenica is and
rubbers closest will get a personal
shout-out from us from Jenica from me
post who you think is going to win this
challenge
it really is anyone's this is a lot of
luck yeah it's all yeah so if you know
anything you know it aside with Jim Sam
and thank you for my lovely lovely
supporters I heart you all it's on
y'all ready
if you have to see anything how big is
that bull how big is the spirit let's do
this thing
I'm very good I can't see usually okay
sorry I'll do more Clinton scoops oh my
gosh I think there's nothing more out B
I don't like this game so nervous I
don't this is terrible this is a
terrible
no yes that's right
No Oh Oh my toe I seriously need to
apologize to my team members team Sam
because that was just outrageous one
cotton ball but see how I do I'm nervous
I did not okay let's go let's go
zero to on you don't know how many you
got
that was Miss
I'm not gonna get any I'm here to win
okay you freakin mashed potato okay
let's show everyone how many she got
home where's I was so prepared for him
to do a victory dance just now
well guys I can't believe that one day
two is in the books
Jenica won fair and square I seriously
didn't even throw that like zero
seriously I was so nervous I felt like I
had zero all time once you make it three
are like your third your second really
number one number one
dammit all tied up at 1:00 1:00 tomorrow
we have another day of events actually
event see you we're doing the what is in
your hand
challenge so get ready for that it's
gonna be crazy it's gonna be fun
and I'm gonna win it's tied up now let's
tie it up it's tied up everybody
don't worry balance back pounds back I
won't let you guys down but wasn't it I
am just built for the once in that hand
challenge whatever get ready guys we're
coming at you tomorrow thanks for
hanging out with us today at the Google
hangout and right now we will see you
tomorrow
see you later bye hashtag she's sleeping
on the couch
