hey guys so I'm just up at school
printing my next project hopefully
everything prints out great printer sir
can be a little iffy sometimes but we
shall see I'll keep you guys updated and
show you some of my final products but
they're just kind of fiery whimsical
kind of it's kind of hard to describe
describe them but there's like faces in
in the pictures anyways anyways it's
kind of hard to see them can't really
seem that well but I like them I like
how they turned out so hopefully photos
my class and my teacher most importantly
all right now I'm going home I'm here
for two and a half hours printing
welcome to day one of the sanika
Olympics
welcome to day one Samak Olympics I'm
Bob Costas and but I'm really not I am
Sam I understand and we are doing the
Oreo cookie challenge where we'll be
placed in the Oriole RFA's and wiggling
it until it enters our mouth I first
want to do it will be proud one point
for day one of assamica Olympics have
you ever done I feel like I've done this
but I can't remember like wide enough
planes on my face to do it I can feel
like you have a lot more room for the
cookie to travel a lot more space for
the okay what if it falls I have never
done this I think it's the eyeball
yeah its eyes on me I don't like that oh
man I'm gonna destroy you
alright guys are you guys ready for this
it will be a background okay okay after
further review it appears that the
cookie must start on the forehead I
don't know and make its way down into
your mouth
now in the case that could be breaks we
have extra cookie each which we will
have to have and use because you can't
do all right guys before we start get
your guesses in post in the comments
before we do this who you have team Sam
our team Jenica show your support I know
your cheese right
there you have it
1.14 Sam puck was too easy
he's gonna replay of that when it got
stuck in my eye like this and I couldn't
move it you know every let's do this
challenge oh man
yeah finish it off let's see I don't
know what kind of things they were fine
no don't give up come on I'm waiting for
you to cross the finish line
just flick it up oh okay it only took
four tries so after one day it is one I
would yay team Sam 192 Jenica 0 get
ready for Tuesday because we were doing
the cotton ball challenge win this one
yeah oh thanks for watching guys until
tomorrow
peace hashtag team Sam hashtag team
Jenica and baby hashtag team Sam hashtag
you're sleeping on the couch
