I'm on my way to go get my hair cut so
we'll see what happens to these long
walks of hair because I want them to go
bye-bye
hi I got a package there's something
about getting a package even if it's
just paper it's so fun to open i love
packages me too I got a package it's
just photo paper hate fine the school
supplies yeah you guys don't want to
know how much that paper costs yeah kill
me you guys don't know how much less
four years of five years of cost hmm
Bertha guys stay in school if you're in
high school middle school elementary
school or preschool or your if you are
in daycare right now stay in school go
to college it's the best thing you can
do for yourself so what is all that
paper boy oh this paper is for all of my
projects yeah so I bought my own paper
and then there's a printer that we're
getting rid of soon and so we're just
like using a pen ink so we off the paper
ink right now so I'm like okay yeah
definitely meet my own paper cuz it's
cheaper so I'm printing my projects on
it and my shows stuff on it jen has an
art show coming up you guys want to go
to it with me all right we'll do it on
march six march six guys come on out
we'll go to the art show together and
not i'll just bring you along with me
i'm gonna give you guys a little
exclusive sneak peek as to what I'm
working on so here's one of my favorite
oh that looks terrible on the computer
screen yanks just kidding that's a
terrible and we didn't kind of see the
creepy ghostly image oh you'll have to
wait to see when it's printed sorry look
good i got si racha chips sure enough to
put me in the doghouse for bad breath I
can guarantee it we don't ever buy
sweets no I don't buy them I do
notice that they're really random
variations we just don't buy cookies or
sweets group you're free love love no
good chunk go to Gillette you do see Oh
lucidity don't say the leche loose it I
should have a better actor blogging what
is that butter sugar and bananas butter
sugar and bananas like a night pencils
and eraser you're using the hope out of
place in 10 on my way here said I'm not
hungry at all i got it acid reflux and
now she's eating this to anyone up there
on youtube that has a fifa account come
challenge me any day with my partner our
name is black Santa Santa black Santa
black Santa black five anta challenges
you will never beat us cuz we are the
best morning everybody it's Saturday
yeah saturday morning um and I'm on my
way to go get my haircut so we'll see
what happens to these long locks of hair
because I want them to go bye-bye just a
little bit so we'll see i'll show you
the after all right i'm running late by
some youtube fam i'm on my way to foot
locker right now to pick up some jordans
there the powder blue jordan tens I had
these as a kid they even been out in
forever look at these photos I dug up
there's me and my Bulls gear where my
Jordan tens powder blues with what's
this guy's name Dumb and Dumber now
Tweedledee and Tweedledum swag baby i
can't wait to get these cuz i haven't
had him in forever i think i solved my
pair at home but i couldn't find him the
last time i was there so whoo so i
showed you my before when i was in the
car my hair was really messy and stuff
you guys heard of seen it but this is
the after I like the length I just don't
I just never get my bangs cut the way I
want to get them cut and I'm like shy
and I know I should tell them because
I'm paying for it but this guy didn't
make me feel very comfortable like I
just
click with him so I didn't wanna be like
no I don't like that guy should have I
know look beautiful and you're not even
wearing makeup but I do like the length
I like the length and it feels really
healthy guys she's not even wearing
makeup and she looks beautiful this is
how you true test of beauty this is how
I know I cut the bangs runs if I pull my
hair back just like this little piece of
Bing is what he cut and I feel really
weird but that's okay that's why I never
my haircut because it I never give wrote
down right now that is something that I
can side with that's my kind of person
right there guys here they are papa
20 years since I've last seen me well
actually I own a pair and I think
they're still my house I couldn't find
him the last time I saw him check those
burgers out who this is my favorite part
on the sole of the shoe it says all of
Michael Jordan's achievements up to
nineteen ninety-four or it says beyond
that's when they came out I remember as
a kid always looking at that and trying
to remember it all and memorize it so
that I could know every single fact
about Michael Jordan it's kind of cool
right there so there they are the powder
blue tenz retro jordans pretty cool shoe
I'm feeling pretty nostalgic right now
holding these babies good good memories
what are we making cookie kind of
cookies you're making sweets we never
eat cookies we just don't buy cookies or
sweet Reese's peanut butter and
chocolate chunk premium cookie mix we're
making them for our good friend
Stephanie Bert Murray I don't know if
that's the middle name she goes by yeah
she I think she does and it is her
birthday today she's my good friend
Mike's wife and she is my good friend
too and my good friend and my good
friend and tonight later we're gonna go
over and celebrates birthday Steph happy
birthday miss stephanie marie feliz
cumpleanos so many birthdays this week
let's see how they think okay well
here's the ones remain no they look I
it's no good I want I want to ready go
yeah also I know the USA lost I just
don't want to talk about it there might
be a special something in Sunday's vlog
for all you Canadians out there we'll
see hey guys don't forget about our
google hangout on Monday five PM eastern
2 p.m. pacific time and i will be there
san will be there couple bloggers and AP
from high if i take it easy so hope to
see you guys there toodles i'm loving
the ideas about what we should do or the
loser should do if they lose the same
echo olympics don't forget that tomorrow
sunday could be right now today sunday
so later we will be announcing the five
events that will be doing and our vlog
can be fun to be a good time and there
might be a trophy involved i'm looking
for one on monday we will post the first
event in the vlog will be part of the
vlog and you will see it so show your
support team Sam hash tag team Sam I
know you I know you guys are in for me
hey team Jenna Kat team Jenna Kat and we
will see you guys tomorrow I love y'all
purse
you
