oh my gosh you're weird guys save me
did it yep okay now dance on the table
indeed my friend Lindy just as a photo
shoot whoa flowers and models and makeup
and pretty stuff helping you this was
easy so I just the pictures look like
they're way better looking mom let's see
a tester where'd you get only for your
camera away yes show me a tester true
your favorite Lindy oh yes one's my
favorite oh wait hold on focus on it
wow so Top Model I have proof of this
message you yeah good job Lindy her way
to puppy I know i'm catching the wild
Sylvia in a natural element she needs to
be tamed okay what are you reading so
Leah how to break into the industry
commercial sorry okay start number one
be a team player what does that mean to
you Jenica that means working well with
others or polish your portfolio and five
make your PO port folio hopefully is
make your portfolio accessible boom
beautiful thank you that was story time
by sylvie Sylvia is watching ice skaters
far olympics video ok watch I just want
to get your reaction why were you
laughing
there's no happy we believe so much yeah
hey everyone so I just got home from
school and work and everything long day
all good he's actually pretty good day
Sam's in his late class tonight and fog
that you're supposed to see today it's
probably really short so I've been
trying to film more today cuz yesterday
we just didn't have any time to film yes
I just got home and I'm gonna eat some
dinner and I wish I could watch a TV
show or something but Sam likes me to
save dance moms throwing he's home yes
he actually does watch Dance Moms with
me he won't let me watch it without him
now it's quite hilarious I was gonna be
a huge bowl of cereal pretty large bowl
and it's completely full for one of my
dinner items I don't know what else I'm
gonna eat yet sure there's something
around here I can whip up but yeah so
I'm just gonna hang out and wait for Sam
be done with school and then we'll see
him in the next clip if I don't film
anything after this so sometimes it's a
challenge to like film during the day
and like at school that's why most have
seen my like our vlogs are at night when
we get home and I museum PJ stuff like
that but I did try today to like film at
school and like with friends and things
like that so hopefully you guys like
that and you see a little bit more of my
day cuz a lot of times Sam will it put
in clips of him at work and stuff but
cool days are just busy so it's hard to
film but we're working on it oh my gosh
this is so fun I can't release is on TV
right now how many of you guys watch The
Brady Bunch it's a good one it's classic
I might just leave it on this background
noise oh I cannot my computer I say my
favorite character was always Alice she
was hilarious so makes me giggle
everybody don't forget like I mentioned
before on Monday this coming monday at
five pm eastern 2 p.m. pacific time will
be doing a live google
out if you have any questions or if you
just want to hang out get ready it will
be on couple bloggers channel but i will
post a video on our channel that will
lead you to that channel when we do it
the minute of it will go up someone just
mentioned in the comments and asked does
Jenica know how to drive because Sam is
always driving why am i driving because
I don't have my license just kidding
haha Jenica knows how to drive what
happens is that I don't want my pregnant
wife to walk really far to her work or
class so I drop her off and then I go to
wherever I need to be yeah it just
happened that this semester Sam can drop
me off every day cuz thus the last
couple semesters that we like drop each
other off every other day the town's
been the past couple years but I got
lucky this semester so he gets he can
drop me off every morning yeah I'm not
gonna make her walk in the cold I'll
pregnant self get code and you know so I
drop her off jenica does in fact not a
drive and maybe we will record that Sam
might be a little better of a driver
than me but i do drive and i've had my
license unseen all 16 or whatever 1.4
Sam and the sanic Olympics ever
Oh
ladies and gentlemen viewers of sanika
vlogs the semicolon pics are coming on
Sunday we will be announcing what events
we will be doing for the same icon
Olympics now what's going to happen is
that we're going to do five events well
on monday tuesday wednesday thursday
friday and a champion will be crowned me
know there are way too many team Jenna
cos i love you guys I love you guys team
jelica guys I'm not cocky or confident I
just know what's gonna happen here said
that's right the room for the underdog
babe there were a lot of good ideas for
different events that we were doing the
same echo Olympics you guys will find
out on Sunday what they are it's gonna
be fair it's not gonna be all physical
events because my wifey pregnant she
prego okay so it's gonna be fair but not
really fair because if it has to do
anything with food his mouth is a lot
bigger than mine as I'll make sure it's
fair I mean I don't a beater 50 give her
one team Jenica team Jenica also guys
you guys gave us a couple baby name
ideas well funny enough there might have
been one or two that we were actually
thinking about in the comments already
our baby's name might be in the comments
right now that's a possibility we're
slow saying it's gonna take forever to
the side we won't decide till he's
popped out already it was a belly update
let's see okay you're not mommy come
with that okay guys so if you have any
other event suggestions keep posting
those in the comments but we do need now
is we need to decide what the loser will
have to do I think something like
humiliating no I don't know what if
you've any ideas what I should do if I
lose post in the comments if you have an
idea for what Jenica should do post in
the comments if you have an idea for
both of us like either or post in the
comments not by 2 milli ating aight cuz
i'm not worried about it anywhere around
that yellow confident about it i'm gonna
win you're too confident
think about that bye bye guys I'm
excited about this a mecha Olympics I'm
excited to win I will be training oh my
gosh you're weird guys save me do it
sorry about the white fog it's going up
right now but everybody
