Oh
Oh
Oh
morning everybody we're just on our way
to school Sam's ups dropped me off he's
currently watching the hawk you oh hey
you s hey hey watching the hockey game
on his phone I'm watching the road I'm
listening and then it when there's stop
lights and stuff I look down look at it
anyways we hope you guys are gonna have
a great day USA is up to 21 er now and
jenica just said that guy totally just
checked that guy they're playing the
Czech Republic good one Jen that was
unintentional to mention I'm just
remembering right now that there's a kid
in my class last semester and what my
groups I was from the Czech Republic he
was super nice he liked rooting for the
Blackhawks cuz they have a couple guys
from that country and I was just
thinking each probably ruin pretty hard
for the czech republic today well go USA
so that one front I know from the Czech
Republic I ran into him no joke 45
minutes after the hockey match was over
and he was like it was that man I was
like hey I was like did you watch that
hockey game and he's like oh I don't
want to talk about it it was awesome
come on the timing of knowing one person
from the Czech Republic well and then
running into him right after the game
priceless you guys Sam always gets most
random free things in the mail and I
came home today and in our mailbox there
was this little thing for mac and I was
like what in the world wide Sam King
free things for mac and so I texted was
like hey can I open this thing from Mac
he's like what is it and I was like I
don't know and he thought I had met like
Matt like Apple products and i was like
no like Matt the makeup so I clearly
opened it and inside was this little
paper that says thank you for being a
fan on Facebook we hope you enjoy your
complimentary trial of zoom lash then I
open this little package and Sam got
this freedom tiniest tube of mascara I
don't know what he's gonna do with it
but I know what I'm gonna do with it
it's literally the tiniest little free
mascara ever I don't know if I will
focus on it so tiny it's just so funny I
don't even know how that even happened
or maybe you just forgot that you gave
Mac our address I don't know but it's
hilarious and I got a the teeniest
tiniest free mascara out of it so sweet
thanks babe oh snap the putting the five
guys in fat boy problems here I come
here I come here I come
yo what's up girl hey what's your name
oh hi hey guys we're at the grocery
store and I'm watching the bulls game
don't you just love the year 2014 where
you can watch anything you want on your
phone at any time I'm gonna know the
grocery store watching the bulls that's
the best let's see you dance to you
don't put that camera on my butt sir
let's see you dance God prove that
so it's eleven o'clock and i don't think
i've really vlogged at all today and I
know Jenica probably didn't do too much
because I had the camera how about those
hockey games today I know there's some
Canadians that watch the vlog I feel
like with the Canadian the canada vs USA
match coming up on friday morning we
need to have like a wager of some sort I
don't know what it would be but some
sort of bed if you're a Canadian and
have a good idea of a bet that I can
have with you because USA is going to
win post in the comments and we will
figure something out I'm trying to
figure out if I'm going to watch that
game delayed or wake up and watch it at
530am that morning correction guys the
hockey game really doesn't start at 5am
anymore so i will definitely be watching
alive i feel like i can't i have to
watch alive it's gonna be such a sweet
game and the USA is gonna win I was just
trying to figure out how loggers vlog
while driving because I want to be a
tent and looking at the road especially
at night I think this is the best way to
vlog Trevor from couple lawyers I think
he puts the camera up here in the left
corner so it's a little more stable it's
almost like it's just floating there
except I'm bouncing around a little bit
is this how i vlog while driving I don't
know I'd rather nap vlog while driving
because I want to be a good driver so be
safe out there y'all I don't know who
you guys are subscribed to on YouTube
but I watched a video today that had a
news broadcast feel to it and it
reminded me of another news broadcast
that I've seen before what's up ah you
can only show two seconds of the clip
saying know which clip you're going to
show them and I do not approve I only
approve of two seconds you guys are very
lucky to get to see this two seconds is
all you need
hello everyone and thank you for tuning
into this evening new cast report I'm
her host Jenica Guerrero and this is a
special edition new cast about space
Jenica and i like to compete so I had an
idea today that we okay I like to be
Jenica and she loves to be me when she
does which is only when I let her beat
me and so I was thinking today that
we're gonna have a sammy olympics in
honor of the winter olympics what's
happening right now and we are going to
be doing minutes when it styled games
against each other the winner will have
a bet of some sort something humiliating
will happen to the loser cuz i don't
need to worry about that so everyone
that's with a team Sam show your support
in the comments I know there's more team
Sam than TJ you're such a turd team
Jenica whoa guys the same mcculloh limp
Ock's coming very soon
Oh
if you guys have any ideas of things we
can do in the San Macau Olympics please
post them in the comments whether it's a
game challenge or something we will
probably do it that I will win but I
won't do anything gross so don't even
with gross things this gross thing so
that's just a point for me but I'm fine
I'm not gonna do it i'll gladly give you
the gross ones give us some ideas guys
Thursday's are crazy hope yours is going
well love you see you later bye guys hey
we're gonna be at
Oh
