got a little buggy with me biking today
we're doing a slower-paced short bike
ride but he's doing well come over into
the shade buddy he need some water it's
hot today how you doing hold on sissy I
just wanted to know what you doing great
you're doing good this morning we were
getting dressed for our bike ride Noah
was hiding under my bedding under my
comforter I was like what's he doing I
thought he's just playing hide and seek
so I throw up the bedspread
he has my foundation let me repeat that
one more time
he has my foundation and it's everywhere
hey foundation doesn't come out of
anything
I couldn't clean out with water I don't
know what to put on it maybe some she's
like spot couldn't shout but there's
foundation marks everywhere luckily
they're only underneath let me know if
you have any ideas on how to get
foundation out of stuff because yeah
it's everywhere we learned that we don't
touch mommy's makeup without her
permission she just was like really
fascinated by it
what
hi you both need haircuts he's very
fascinated by my foundation I don't know
why usually wants to put on this face
like okay fine good to us mom you asked
mom for help
you don't go hide I know he's up to no
good when he's hiding I've told him so
many times like don't hide just tell me
what you want and I'll tell you if you
can have it or not
yeah but he's gotten better at not
hiding but there's certain things like
that one was like dude it's like Sam go
talk to him
I can't I need to have him at mommy
timeout and just sit here anyway
on the bike ride my arms tired woman
scammer up though so I'm gonna continue
in the background we're making ourselves
gotta be kidding hey where are we going
to right now yep okay
Noah's start soccer in a couple weeks
three weeks so it's the end of the month
we want to start practicing they're just
getting used to it and stuff getting
comfortable kicking the ball you know in
the best place and there's a soccer
field that's semi close to our house so
hey let's go get some cleats today we
can practice tonight
have a good time get some exercise every
night no appraisee goes that's my soccer
and my bat baseball team soccer team we
found the area having a realization that
they might not have is Ness here because
he's pretty little this is like the
first opportunity you get to play
did they make us this
found the toddler area might have to get
cleats online there dude out hey yeah I
don't know if they'll have pleats here
oh my gosh this might be to some these
might be too big though what's that size
what's he like 8 or 9 what size footer
you know your foots growing ya wide feet
he's got very wide
with all the big you don't have to be
too big why are you so cute that soccer
cleat on come here daddy's gonna come
right back he's just going in a circle
assist I gotta see if that your foot
fits actually I mean his big toes right
here gonna have some running space in
there if you like um I mean your toes
right there those would slip you gotta
have the spikes on the bottom see the
bottom of that shoe there's spikes on
the bottom
I think she would do well in Disneyland
first of all taking this beautiful
sunset I actually don't think that does
it justice it's supposed to call right
now but what there's such might end up
passing it's a big statement I'm just
saying I think it's just the dust and
stuff every single night it's like
incredible sunsets incredibly well if
they capture some those get them on the
Joan alright first soccer practice is
underway it's us
it's the Anderson family soccer press
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go
can't get him baby kick it in celebrate
celebrate Noah is going to join soccer
as soon as you could join soccer ever he
could have signed up for baseball but
we're gonna wait six months yeah
season but he's joining soccer they
don't have practice I thought they might
have practice we'll have to practice go
over the rules a little bit I'm afraid
that he's gonna body a couple kids just
like with his weight no I don't know I
don't know how he stands up against like
other kids as far as weight goes because
people are telling him what to do he's
just gonna stand there or he's gonna
like yeah I just think when he tries he
might accidentally knock over some kids
but you know that's bumblebee soccer
that's how it all goes see this over
here yeah just flailing
oh you'll fit right in with soccer Noah
yeah he guys okay here let me get me
versus him hi little angel go get the
ball go get the ball
I'm gonna transform that goal now that's
far away try to get it
Wow they don't know he ants you can't
use your hands
goli pj just don't get I think the girls
will be miniature Sam was actually
really good at soccer as a kid no this
is like best sport I wanted to play
soccer as a kid but I couldn't do much
as a kid I had the worst worst growing
pains
I need form of running or anything in my
adolescence I was just painful like my
shins my knees everything just hurt an H
you played football too didn't you
tackle football
Sam played everything know what's
already tired
oh my you missed
look at this kid if you're gonna run go
get it oh hi angel
so cute what are you so cute you're
gonna get eaten alive by bugs so
unfortunately the mosquitoes out here
are alive and well out here in Arizona I
didn't think that there were mosquitoes
in Arizona but let me tell you our first
week here I got my legs just ah I just
got one I got just eaten alive our first
week out here okay let's go down here if
he decides he wants to play if he
commits if he puts it in there if he's
not stubborn and doesn't act like it
three-year-olds okay great really good
keep going keep going keep going
oh man oh man where is he gonna go keep
going keep kicking it kick it no one to
run all the way from that goal how long
yeah don't nail him
Oh over the top so far so good I can't
wait for the first game Wow
put the kid in go okay right there it's
good baby
today was the coolest day we've had so
far was like 98 degrees this grass field
is also about five like three to five
feet down below the ground huh so it's
like 10 degrees cooler any water can you
open it by yourself can you help those
kids gonna come out of games looking
like a tomato okay 20 for me if you miss
$20 from me
 friend this is a brave duck he's
coming closer
peaches now on my lap she's so terrified
of this deck right here
