thank you
it's Tuesday I'm feeling good I'm
feeling good I'm feeling great I'm
feeling grand she's feeling good right
there we got the spray truck spraying
stuff all over the ground who knows what
he's spraying I'm guessing possibly
quadruplets
guys you probably didn't see that but we
just drove by like quadruplets being
pushed in strollers and it was crazy
thank goodness for only having one we
were very excited to have one you know
normally I'm president state genic and I
would go somewhere do something sweet
but we decided to be more fiscally
responsible since you know we have a
child on the way I gotta save those
bucks for them diapers
it's a miracle it's warm enough today
that I'm not even wearing my jacket 45
degrees is the new 85 degrees I just got
home and I have some mail and I'm not
sure if this is a sign from speed stick
but I got two things of deodorant for
free guys we're trying to say to me that
I stink
I put deodorant on day and night man
first poo pourri and now this I got some
fresh force and clean peak and guys I
promise you this is not a brand deal of
any sort I got these because of I have
no clue why
it's kind of like foresty malva it's
like fish I don't know didn't love
smelling my armpits
proof that I don't think you can stink
that I just want down dang girl
I'm just kidding I don't
Hey
apparently it's new so I'm gonna check
it out I'll tell you guys if I smell
anymore yo yo yo yo yo yo what up peeps
I think I saved peeps a lot tomorrow I
have a presentation in my folklore class
we learn about urban legends and it's
awesome we just don't buy cookies or
sweets sweets we just don't buy cookies
or sweets okay
ever okay we eat sweets but only when
they're around like we didn't buy that
Twix we didn't buy the Snickers we
bought the Oreos and we bought this our
I can't I just can't say anything cuz I
know
we don't have put it we will just have
we don't have footage we'll just have
Sam dance because it's most entertaining
thing we could do
so anyways back to my project sorry had
my phone call or class were each
assigned like an urban legend and we
have to study it and do a little
presentation on it and then what I chose
is called the Kentucky Fried rat it's
basically just about how people
supposedly
like in their bucket of fried chicken
there was a fried rat that had gotten in
it's really gross and fascinating and
weird but that's mine and I couldn't
find anywhere if it was actually true it
just says it's a legend on the web sites
I went to and everything so it's
interesting if any of you guys have ever
gotten a rat or another weird animal or
bug in your food let me know cuz I I
find it really fascinating because most
of the time it's just hearsay like oh my
friend's friend's mom sister and you
know found a rat in her Kentucky Fried
Chicken bucket no one really knows if
that's like true or it's just hearsay so
I find it really fascinating I really
enjoyed this class it's interesting
there is an actual story though I found
a true thing a woman did find a chicken
head in her McNuggets but it was like
when they were trying to do chicken
wings instead of chicken nuggets it's
actually a picture of of it which is
really gross sorry tell you vegetarians
and vegans she wanted to like like sue
McDonald's and everything but they
couldn't because no one actually ate the
chicken head no one actually got sick or
anything like that so she didn't get any
money but be pretty disgusting to find a
chicken head in your jeggings
anyways I'm gonna stop being gross
because you guys are probably all
gagging now hopefully none of you were
eating while I'm telling you all of this
stuff but anyways yeah hopefully that
goes well how many of you knew that I
had a moustache in December during
Christmas raise your hand if you knew
had a mustache you don't believe me
check this out though welcome what I'm
doing today is taking you around do you
need further proof
here's another pic I had a mustache I
know you're probably thinking why did I
cut it off and mom made me do it it gets
competitive with who has a harder edge
on ballsy hair right now let's make it
like higher this is know a lot of people
have been asking what is your guys
instagram name yo Jenica what's your
Instagram name some of you have found us
and I'm quite surprised don't know how
you did it but my Instagram name is
jenna Caray so funny I don't know cuz
it's not like anything crazy it's my
name
je and and i ka ra e and mine is at the
showcase well did you know I was once a
rapper known as showcase
it's the game Laurie a weak player and
I'm in the Hall of Fame representing
sanika vlogs oh okay you've gotta warm
up the pipes before I rap I think it's
time for a little head-to-head action
one more time
then you give up okay Jenica gives me a
hard time because i have not agreed to a
name yet every night when i'm about to
go to sleep she's like alright baby
names for the day I don't get mad I'm
just
baby names for the day yes I know you're
almost asleep but how about fool ah no
no okay no I don't get mad I just want
him to participate for fun because I'm
the only one throwing names out there
come on guys what's rename our baby if I
like what that we actually like okay we
have a handful that we like do you guys
have any better names
maybe you'll guess a name that we are
thinking about it's really hard it's a
lot harder when there's an actual kid in
the womb yeah Jenna alternates to use
like Latin names like whatever no mommy
what the board name nobody back on oh
it's your father this down who have a
quick update I just submitted a lot of
job applications in various parts of the
country Texas New York City Arizona
Georgia maybe you live in one of those
areas maybe we're gonna come live where
you guys live and I
thinking about sending in an application
to maker studios as well not to be like
a youtuber but to work for maker studios
I found a couple positions that I think
look cool so I'm like why not you know
why not see if we can shut down this
vlog the other alternative words alright
guys see ya know you messed up dang it
alright take two
alright guys see ya tomorrow
you said see ya like one word nah see ya
ya know see own Athiya know a chair
howdy guys how's it going okay round
four okay what's up guys how you doing
tonight with life yep hope hope you ever
liked this one okay see peace you
tomorrow
you
