good morning peeps it is Monday more
when the afternoon now we kind of slept
in and we are going to get some lunch
from this great place called Aggie
stationed it's Mexican food in a gas
station but it's so good all right path
with me this apartment me I was being
built because this the front little
plastic thing it describes it says
Decker hot tub he's gonna have a double
decker hot tub there what's a double
decker hot tub anyone know I have no
idea two-story house that I'm pretty get
you hot tubs on two different floors I'm
curious as well hey cuz a double-decker
bus is a bus that has two floors is this
like a two floor hot tub
perfect Oh super I got a question of the
day for the world what is a
double-decker hot tub also everybody
today is a very special day because of
it is a very special woman's birthday
she know who she is it is that that that
she knows who she is and it's my mom
happy birthday mom going out to eat some
food day lunch birthday lunch right now
oh man she took the day off work today
as well even though she wasn't good
enough for the holiday to celebrate to
her day of birth and I'm happy for her
and we will be calling her shortly to
sing her happy birthday also my mom
wrote a children's story called there's
something sticking my shoe and if you're
interested you should go look it up and
see if you want to get if you have kids
whatever it's a great book it's a great
children's story so i should mention the
children's story and get to use your
imagination and it's great and you can
find out at barnes noble calm and
amazon.com and it's a fun read so if
you're interested go check it out
there's something sticking my shoe by
Rhonda Terrell we're gonna sing happy
birthday to my mom
holy cow the lighting is strangely good
right here you look really cute hey guys
it's president's day we had the day off
today yeah yeah he like have done a
potpourri of things does that make sense
sounds like a poo pourri have you guys
tried poo pourri I got a poo pourri from
my father-in-law and we also got it for
a brother-in-law and success dad says he
they use it every time I go now it works
guys if you have stinky doodoos you
would not believe the mother lode I just
dropped go get some poo pourri look it
up on amazon or her website i wish i was
sponsored by poo pourri i wouldn't even
be ashamed of that and that's how i like
to keep it leaving not a trace that I
was ever here let alone that I just
birthed a creamy behemoths from my
cavernous bells we don't have it
personally but we got it for people as
gifts and they said it works great so
Andrew from hi-fi take it easy smelled
his sister's doodoos me a different
sister and they smelled like flowers
because of poo pourri so if you stinky
bum bum you do go get you some poo
pourri we're going on a walk right now
before dinner it's kind of chilly though
Jen feller should be wearing a jacket
I'm wearing a thick sweater and I can
use you hey guys so I just went to the
grocery store to pick up some groceries
for Jenna can I and there was a guy i
filmed them right here i don't know if
you guys could see he was wearing Bulls
pajama pants and his shirt was like a 25
anniversary bowls shirt and it's like
you know you've ever any of those
moments where you like this is a
stranger but I feel like I should talk
to them and just say what's up I just
had that moment right now I was like
this guy has to be a die-hard Bulls fan
he's wearing the most obscure like 25
anniversary championship shirt plus
Bulls pajama pants
and I regret not saying it's something
to him I don't want to be like creepy or
anything cuz like we keep we kept like
crossing paths and I was like dang it's
like we were supposed to say tionally
knew each other and we never did my
fellow Bulls fan next time I'm not gonna
you know I'm gonna say something whoever
it is that I crossed paths with guys
it's Brooke it was filled to the brim so
I had to you know eat just a little bit
of it so when overflow in the fridge
guys were about to watch tonight show do
we felt I was trying to think of a new
name for sorry guy could want to say
late night but it's not the late night
anymore it's The Tonight Show and we're
so excited because we love Jimmy what's
the best way to cut an apple I'm used to
having a little thing that you you just
couldn't let used to just cutting up no
don't go peepees I'll cut it I'll cut it
I'll cut it yo for real we r OG jimmy
fallon nights we've been watching jimmy
fallon since them SNL days and now he is
on The Tonight Show and we are so happy
for him because we feel like he's a
really good guy a good person in this
world and I think he's funny he's got
funny skits he's good with people kind
of awkward sometimes I'm kind of awkward
sometimes hey good job you cut those
pretty well I don't know if Chef Ramsay
would approve of your cuts though
they're not all the same size I wonder
if it's gonna be the same intro here I
come Oh new intro new song I got chills
oh it's awesome alright guys I gotta go
I gotta enjoy this so Jenica and I don't
really fight that often I mean probably
just like three times a day I'm just
kidding but as you can see here meeting
some spicy hummus I got some nice
strokes nice even strokes Jenica goes in
for a cracker and just dips it straight
in work it out oh my a dunker not as dip
nas Cooper let's be real make it pretty
good it's the same amount it's the same
amount of huh there you go I like what
it's like just coated it no that's guys
help me out are you a dipper or a dunker
or something else Cooper or as scooper
let us know you know what I think I
could win a gold medal in the thing with
the broom curly Harley yeah yeah yeah
guys we had a conversation this weekend
we said if you had four years to train
for an Olympic event which event could
you get a medal in I was thinking
possibly bobsled luge skeleton or curly
what do you think will smith things he
could do curling to maybe you guys
should be on the team and that's no
disrespect to any people that do that I
just feel like if I dedicated four years
of my life and that's all I did I feel
like I could maybe get good enough to go
to the Olympics in that curling yeah
Will Smith you're watching this which
you aren't let's start a curling team
together we're going to the Olympics you
said third-quarter your life let's do it
mmm curling is about your attitude you
know ya know like how do you sweet yeah
yeah well with you mr. team did you know
that today is Jenna cos mom's birthday
and Michael Jordan's birthday the big
five one is training today so happy
birthday Michael Jordan although I know
you're not watching this either Jenica
gets mad at me sometimes for holding on
too many clothes and items cuz I
sometimes whoredom not in a bad way
though but this is something that I'm
glad I've held on to forever it's two of
my michael jordan jerseys that i wore as
a kid and now that we're having a boy
someday he'll be able to wear these and
be the coolest kid in the world this kid
is Gemma crazy I've pedic literally a
thousand times today because he's on my
bladder I mean I'm just drinking a lot
today hashtag juice life we are
officially like a couple weeks into
Olympics I feel like they've been going
for a while now what is your guys
favorite Olympic sport been that you've
watched so far this year my husband okay
either slopestyle or the cross the
snowboard cross those have been really
cool anything with all the tricks I like
at all mine has been ice hockey men's
hockey that russia vs USA game was off
the chain nose grease he's not tickling
me I know that's kind of lame answer
because hockey is always going on it's
not like the coolest Olympics / i'll
give you another answer tomorrow but
that hockey game was the most intense
like moment I felt so far the Olympics
oh yeah and we watched a lot of Olympics
surprisingly my boy Caleb just said
sleep is for the weak hashtag not ours
crew yeah my mama used to always say you
can sleep when you're dead that's
because I wouldn't get out of bed yeah
how about hashtag you gotta wake up
early to go to sleep now club but to
thank you for huge feel like you guys
you know what time it is thanks for
hanging out with us today it's been a
good time but it's time to go to bed
cuz I'm about
