also be ready cuz it's gonna be crazy
local
hey guys it's monday and i'm editing the
vlog right out and i realized that we
barely filmed anything on saturday or
this weekend we kind of relaxed a little
bit we were like we got this three-day
weekend we're gonna relax take naps
watch the olympics and so we didn't
really get a lot of footage so i hope
you guys forgive us those of you that
are watching this how'd you like that
background hey we're in a new shirt now
I think I might wear this tomorrow
anyways i just thought i'd show you guys
some of the footage that we did get most
of the footage that we have is me
reacting to the united states russia
hockey game so here's a little bit of
that let's go let's go let's go let's go
oh here we go oh my come on come on come
on yes yes sir let's do this ah stop em
no goal oh shoot come on we need this to
keep it going we need this yeah oh my
goodness oh stop it stop it no man I
don't know if it's gonna happen this
time come on come on come on oh my
goodness oh my laughs oh my wow what a
stud right now come on get a stop please
please yes oh she let's do this get it
ah he gets this we win he gets us we win
he gets us we win let's go please oh my
come on stop it again stop it again
no goal I can tell I couldn't tell Oh
guys oh what a save ok I see ok a couple
times he holds onto a little bit longer
he's got it let's do it come on come on
come on come on come on ah yes yes what
it's done oh she Archie crazy shoes what
a win against the homeland Russia so I'm
happy illumise yeah I am the
photographer the Olympics what does that
taste like cookie down it's actually a
good deed I hate all the different
flavors of Oreos and this is good it
really tastes like cookie dough no oh
exactly like i said better than regular
oreos but not quite cookie dough that's
true make a lot of you he eats a lot of
cookie dough he is the master of the
cookie dough here Sam with not the best
dance moves I'm all these incidents
hands look huge they are huge boobs
danznewz like you're an old man
yo fo sure I mean cookies oh my god he
play bass smaller no you just spinning
this the ball on it seems really funny
you're always going around you guys
watched the austenite dunk contest and
all that jazz done by john wall though
it's good a good dancer dha'fi guys
let's be honest we've been slacking a
little bit this weekend it comes to
bogging sorry we've been a little bit
lazy want to enjoy our weekend but hey
we made you that ice dancing video
wasn't that enough
and we got a lot of cool things coming
this week seriously ok about that so
what are we doing that's so exciting
Jenica you don't know how can you not
remember guys we're doing a google
hangout I don't know how many of you
guys were online today when we did the
test hang out there are a couple of you
and we went live we started talking me
couple of loggers Trevor and AP and it
was kind of fun here is a short clip
from that hang out that we did today oh
my goodness well I can you know what's
watching oh yeah big season oh he did is
wrong it as a baby demonical Jenny's not
being a lurker so on Monday februari
24th at two p.m. pacific five PM eastern
we are doing a google hangout me and
jenica Trevor and Karen from couple
vloggers and AP from hi-fi take it easy
we'll be doing questions will be doing
whatever will just be having fun telling
jokes maybe some ghost stories maybe
there'll be an improv dance session you
never know but you guys should tune in
and if you have any questions for any of
those people you can ask it that day and
it'll be answered live all you have to
do is type it in you'll see what I'm
talking about those of you that were
online today when we did the google
hangout I thought it was fun it was fun
to communicate live with the YouTube fan
so we're gonna do it again but that was
just the test today in a week it'll be
the real deal so be ready cuz it's gonna
be crazy loco guys stay tuned for a
great week of vlogs it gonna be a great
be great
member
