happy Valentine's Day everybody feliz
dia de san valentin i think so he said
it's friday morning and me and Veronica
I named her Veronica are really excited
to meet up again this afternoon and
vacuum are days away in baden veronica
see i named her this morning veronica so
excited happy fella thanks dude love you
happy Valentine's Day look guys so the
surprise went over all rights because
Jenica hates when I surprise her and get
her stuff because she feels bad that
she's not getting me stuff what kind of
wife is that like most wives are just
like ah I just never pull through for me
you just never done was good and then
said Jones like I get you something
that's a sign of a keeper she's thinking
more about other people than herself
she's so cute look how low the clouds
are today though it's pretty crazy guys
so I just went to the grocery store it's
you know like a marketplace they have a
florist they have all sorts of things
and you guys would not believe how many
guys are there getting flowers and
different things right now I don't think
that's like last minute because
obviously you want the flowers to be
fresh Jenica has never been a flower
girl though I gave her a vacuum for
Valentine's Day and now I just picked up
some lemonade and some candy we don't
ever get sweets like she always says we
just don't buy cookies or sweet but I'm
gonna drop off at at work so for the
moment I am working alone today which
isn't a big deal I don't have too much
to do i gotta stop by a few places and
install a connection to the internet
will run somewhere and also install a
switch my first gonna stop by and drop
this off with jenica real quick i got
her some treats got her some
strawberries some candy that she's never
tried but she loves cookies and cream
and a lemonade or food she likes knowing
her she'll probably just get mad at me
again and like babe I didn't get you
anything we'll see special delivery
oh I love for valentine's Day is you
Thank soon we should put the
strawberries in the strawberry oh
especially that'd be good you never had
a man I think have you been no try one
yeah you never buy sweets or candy we
just don't buy cookies or sweets no i
didn't buy candy you buy candy we just
don't buy lots of kinky sweet like
cookies they're bigger than my mother
and you yeah yeah I believe you little I
thought they would be the size of a can
I met him mm-hmm they're really big Oh
you guys is basically a day in my life
internet I control yourself in I'm like
Bob the Builder yeah I don't know what
this mess is I don't know who did that
usually keep it clean and then someone
came in and did that guy's that's the
future right there online PE classes at
a location near you all right this is
the first time that Jenica is going to
use the vacuum and she's been so excited
to do it
I think the smell of vacuums is terrible
but this kind of smells good so we
stopped celebrating Valentine's Day like
12 hours ago because we're celebrating
Nora and Cheryl's birthday get some ice
cream and Raquel's birthday amrik
ellsberg hey Raquel Nora and Charles
birthday we're celebrating your day not
Valentine's Day yeah it's good
Valentine's Day happy birthday ice cream
please complain yours helado would you
get we hope you guys had a wonderful
birthday this is turning into another
food bog bog she would you I got
chocolate ice cream with raspberries and
brownies I got a fudge it with fudge
with it and can't remember with
raspberries all I do is eat eat eat no
matter what happy birthday feliz
compleanos we already had our
Valentine's Day festivities we weren't
got dinner and stuff whatever birthday
there's so much better birthdays are so
much better because ice cream is the
best ice cream is better than cake and
if you don't believe me or trust me
you're not with it guys you know it's
things about the olympics since they're
in Russia there's the time difference
and everything I want to watch a hockey
game USA vs russia tomorrow morning but
it starts at 530am so i'm recording it
I'm gonna do my best not to know what
happened but I liked watching things
live I like knowing that it's happening
right now you know firstworldproblems
i'm recording it I'm gonna watch it when
i wake up i wish i could watch alive so
guys we also got a 50 millimeter lens
i'm pretty excited about it's a really
cheap ones and something we can just
fool around with it's not as nice as
Jenna cos other lens but it's fun to
play around with so this is what I've
been working this was for my shoe I
don't put him on a computer yet kind of
hard to see them but i'll show you again
when they're on my computer is from
issue yesterday really love that one too
we that girl is about looks like
surround her I also took some photos of
Jenica today check them out right here
sweet look at this one awesome guys what
do you think of this selfie I took of
myself awesome right guys thanks for all
the nice comments seriously it's so fun
to read what you guys have to say some
of you guys comment like everyday other
people here and there we are remembering
these comments we remembering you guys's
names I even write down pronunciations
to people's names and a little note on
my phone so I can remember you guys if
we keep vlogging we will always remember
you guys is the first once watch our
videos we hope you guys had a fun
valentine's day whether you had a
valentine or not doesn't really matter
we just hope you guys had a great day
yeah and happy birthdays to those who
have birthdays today happy weekend see
you guys tomorrow by later players peace
Oh
