good morning YouTube family you might be
wondering why I'm always wearing a hat
lately it's because my hair's getting
longer and I'm not a hair gel there's
certain hair gel that I like but it
costs and cost money and I'm trying to
get it on sale so I haven't gotten yet
it is a Thursday late busy day for both
of us you will soon see that but we
wanted to welcome you to our beautiful
Thursday morning on days like this when
people are walking in the rain I just
want to say guys hop in the car I'll
give you a ride for 50 cents not really
I mean cuz I'd hope someone would do
that for me
hey hop in the guard I hate rain unless
I'm inside guys I kind of like rain I
kind of like the relax and feel of rain
yes yeah well of course I don't like
getting wet especially thunder which it
doesn't do lie here but it always said
that a lot at home I'd love to get
thunderstorm as long as it didn't strike
our house I've decided we're gonna do a
better job at recording in the morning
and saying what is up everybody welcome
welcome I hate the morning I'm really
not a morning person I'm a night person
that is for sure
good luck hey guys so I'm back in my
home away from home studio time another
shoot tonight and we're gonna try
something a little different so we'll
see how it turns out there are little
complications because my photo
department is doing like a little
Valentine's Day shoot thing tomorrow
they're doing like it's highness but for
those of people and their pets pull in
their pets should be interesting
hope they get a good turnout I can't
help out because I have work all day but
we shall see how it goes and hopefully
my shoot goes great tonight hopefully
I'll get some shots during my shoot but
she'll see also this kid is making quite
the appearance right now look at that
belly
oh you they might all dancing for me
perfect what you eat a successful shoot
equals an ice cream cone and getting out
of class at 9 o'clock instead of later
means I get some food - that bullet
problem
I'm a fat boy baby lean back lean back
I'm a sucker for hot spicy sauces
whatever I went to McDonald's I usually
get a hot and spicy something like a
dollar but on their menu tonight that
said they had some habanero ranch sauce
and I was like shoot Oh me I gotta try
that I never get Nuggets and McDonald's
especially because everyone says they're
disgusting because they have slime and
gooey and whatever they grab but guess
what it's a habanero ranch kind of night
baby let's cue the unboxing music as you
can see here we have the cold and juicy
meat something ten chicken McNuggets 20
in total with the habanero ranch sauce
let's open up that spot and see what's
inside oh did you juicy chicken
McNuggets and the cool taste of creamy
ranch sauce not today it's habanero
ranch and I got a nugget thief maybe I'm
in the wrong place a little kick to it
guys the juice is the best ever it's v8
and I really like v8 but most of them
contain high fructose corn syrup but
this v8 refreshers has no high fructose
corn syrup and it is so good
guys this is kind of turning into like a
food blog the original name of my
channel and the name right now is Sam
food and my review on the nuggets and
habanero sauce is that it's pretty good
it has a nice little spicy
it keeps me wanting more it's so spicy
hey nugget theme I wouldn't say hey go
out and rush and get it but if you're
getting some nuggets get the habanero
Ridge cuz it's like hey guys so I just
took the trash outside because I wanted
to record this and I also wanted to take
the trash out Jenica and I just had a
huge conversation inside talking about
how like I was like I'm so sorry I don't
have anything for you for Valentine's
Day this year and she's like oh I'm
sorry I never have given you anything
and she was talking about how she wanted
to get me something and everything well
guys guess what I do have something for
her she has been wanting a VAT
Hulme for like over a year and vacuums
are expensive we bought one that was
just crappy and it didn't it's just
garbage like there's some items that you
need to really spend money on i think of
vacuums one of them and we've learned
that the hard way so I just got my tax
return you know which isn't a lot of
money but now that we do have a little
extra cash I was like I gotta but I
gotta get this vacuum before it's too
late
and before like I don't have extra cash
to spend you know so I ordered a vacuum
and I also got this cheap nice little
lens for her camera and I don't think I
can wait till Friday so I came home
early today I ran home
I put the vacuum together I hid it
underneath the bed and I put the camera
lens in my drawer and I don't know I
think her reactions gonna be crazy I'm
gonna try and record it because usually
she would get mad at me if I get her
like presents and stuff
but I think this one she'll be like oh
my gosh we finally have a vacuum and
it's the one she wants so we'll see how
that goes tonight I'm not sure when I'm
gonna pull it out I'm thinking like when
we're in bed like about to go to bed
like hey can you help me or something or
something like that
I don't know hopefully she likes it I'm
kind of excited slash nervous / yes
happy Valentine's Day everyone
can you guys hear that that listen
closely so for the past couple like
weeks maybe a month or two the pipes
have just been making so much noise I
don't know if it's because of colder
water or what it isn't knowing it sounds
like we got people shrieking in here we
got our own case of a Moaning Myrtle do
you like the new pillow I got I picked
this one out Jenica wanted a different
one but I won I want to go back to the
store and show you the pillow that she
wanted because she's like everyone would
choose my pillow over your pillow Yeah
right
nugget thief turd nugget another juices
that's my favorite apple juice
grape juice then went shopping the other
night and he happened to be thirsty and
he came home with just juice and I loved
it you know how they say don't go
grocery shopping when you're hungry well
don't go grocery shopping when you're
thirsty else'd coming home with a lot of
his youth he did and it made me very
antsy Raja yes I finally got my si Racha
back how many of you this is really
turning into a food blog we'll try and
fix that hey what's for dinner tomorrow
so is this knitting or crocheting this
is knitting what are you making I'm
making a scarf I got this pattern two
years ago one person's Lea so not lot
this past Christmas with the one before
Christie gave me this pattern they
taught me how how to knit and crochet
and I'm still working on it
from a year and a half ago but you've
made other things in between I'm just a
hat yeah well I've made a few things in
between I made myself a hat yeah but
it's like a really hard pattern but it's
really pretty and I just want to finish
it but have this whole ball to get
through and a whole nother ball to get
through looks beautiful right guys
doesn't that look beautiful
Chili's name better president
happy Valentine's Day my love I've been
waiting I can't wait somebody I can I
cannot sleep with that underneath us
what do you think you wanted this so bad
my god why did you get this
the neighbors picked it up I ran home to
install it and then had it are you
excited I'm so mad at you
I'm so happy but I'm so mad guys it's
2:00 a.m. I know crazy late I couldn't I
I had the show where I just had to it
was Valentine's Day why aren't you
excited aren't you excited even wanting
this so bad there are not a lot of
people that would want a vacuum for
Valentine's Day or find this as a good
you know I wanted this for Christmas and
I didn't get it this is all she wanted
for Christmas I did give it to her it's
too expensive it's something that we
both needed why because I have my
retainer in I didn't know you were
filming this look at there's more no
this is just that
check it out dust away attachment some
pet stuff number one top rated vacuum on
Amazon I've been wanting a shark our
neighbors upstairs have one and I always
borrow theirs because our vacuum sucks
no pun intended
it literally does not suck anything up
well I said that you shouldn't buy
anything fancy or expensive for someone
on Valentine's Day this is abnormal and
I'm not doing it to show off because
this is just like who wants a vacuum for
Valentine's Day it's something we really
needed like I explained before love you
love you still in the doghouse
I'm terrible gift giver and I didn't get
him anything for Valentine's this is
practical you're gonna buy a gift get
something to eat both can use like a
washer or dryer or vacuum I just want to
wake up early to vacuum but I'm tired so
sleepy
you know are you making faces at the
camera are you singing no job you do
good again you guys he love surprising
me but he never lets me surprised never
let me I'm like surprising I don't need
to be surprised I've never been just
something about anything like I know
it's surprising you know the joy you're
feeling right now your bed Valentine's
Day is the what it's okay it's the worst
today we will not be celebrating
Valentine's Day we will be celebrating a
good and great person's birthday a
follower of this vlog Cheryl she is
supermom
oh and your friend and Raquel she's my
best friend the longest friend I've had
since I was four years old it's her
birthday today and she's between 25 25
so anyways we were celebrating Cheryl
and Raquel's birthday Valentine's Day so
when we go out tomorrow night that's
what we're doing celebrating your
Valentine's Day we're celebrating your
birthdays thanks for watching guys we
will see you later
happy Valentine's Day birthdays happy
birthday happy birthday we can sing that
tomorrow at dinner well sing happy
birthday for them
ha
