this this is a test
hey guys so I just got home from my from
school and classes and things and I came
home through this huge package I have
like the best family ever like my family
is awesome by really lucked out having
like amazing in-laws like all of them
and my log in lost siblings and this
package is from my sister-in-law Christy
with a whole bunch of attorney clothes
that she didn't want anymore so I get up
I didn't have to go shopping yay I'm so
excited it's like christmas and i love
it because Christine I are very similar
sizes were pretty much the same size so
I'm so excited I hope everything fits
this Hubble boxes full of clothes this
box also came perfect time because I've
been like complaining to Sam that my
shirts like aren't fitting and I just
like don't want to stretch them out
because I want to wear them like a fremp
after I have the baby so I'm really
excited to have some actual maternity
clothes because my gut as you can see is
growing it's still just a little belly
but my regular shirts are getting
stretched out I don't like it seriously
best box ever I off so many cute things
thank you so much Christy like I am set
with so many things to choose from oh my
gosh I'm so excited and happy to wear
something new it's like I went shopping
but I didn't christy is very stylish
she's very stylish so I'm very excited
have these I love hand-me-downs Thank
You Christy love you I turn around for
one second um guys I'm actually not that
bad of a cook I just don't mixing the
salad with this a hint good actually
poured too much out my hands clean huh
well not anymore but oh my goodness ah
actually looks pretty good though about
the lettuce in that bowl oh babe come on
oh no no wait no just pour the rest of
that in there there's a little mixer we
good oh my goodness um he just dirty to
bang us
turn healthy lifestyle 18 that avocado
and it will be delicious okay okay well
clean your hands you crazy okay I will
no no lettuce see you guys it looks
great I even put avocado in delicioso
out gusto I think someone was making fun
of my Spanish hola como estas que lo que
manito omenita como quiera what's funny
is that he's actually flew in Spanish he
really is dimelo let me loose but he
needs more practice he hasn't been
practicing yeah de la boca I'm just
kidding because we don't eat enough on
the vlog I'm gonna put you in the salad
cam ready salad and salad game guys how
was it South cam cool or never again
probably never again i bought these for
sham so you can have a treat on Sunday
to keep himself awake we just don't buy
cookies or sweet but I end up eating
them all this week we just don't buy
cookies or sweets and then Sam had like
maybe five earlier today Trevor from
couple lawyers texted me and said you
guys have to check out the spit game
that we did a while back so we watched
it and here's our reaction or a little
bit of it what's up Trevor and Cara
what's going on we're watching a video
here we go unfair prob osh without doubt
oh gosh oh god bird oh gosh cookie Oh
that's so mean you sure of that first
before that kids Karen I feel so bad for
you she better retaliate with that
applesauce seriously okay babe sup guys
hey check out my new camera guy isn't
that cool any guys going on I'm begging
you I'm facing you guys sup YouTube fam
just checking out your comments right
now there are a lot of good
recommendations for TV shows to watch a
lot of people said arrow a lot of good
shows on Netflix let's see a lot of
these I've already seen I will not watch
vampire diaries the lost bring bed maybe
your best course would be to tread
lightly my sis had major crimes on TNT
the Martin bros made a good point that
you know with YouTube you don't even
need to watch TV it's true I could go
but I could just watch youtube videos
all night and I do that all the time i
watch you guys youtube videos i watch
other YouTube videos I got my own set of
people that have subscribed to that I
really enjoy a lot of you guys said
arrow maybe I should check that out
Jenica seems like it there are so many
here I feel like I have a great list I
need to check some of these out maybe
watch the pilot of a couple of them and
then be like hmm which one am I gonna go
with I'm gonna finish off Brooklyn
nine-nine and then check one of these
out I'll tell you guys what I'm watching
when I decide so by the time that you
watch this vlog it will be Thursday
which means valentine's Day is the next
day do you guys have a Valentine I think
this is one of the worst holidays not
really can't say that i like i like i
like i like Valentine's Day there's
definitely more pressure on the guys
though Jenica says that she doesn't need
anything if I was doing anything for her
I couldn't say anyways because she's
gonna watch this on Thursday and then
she wouldn't know Jenica just said if
you do do something I'm
to kill you now that's the Valentine's
Day spirit do you guys do anything for
Valentine's Day I know you probably
don't do the same thing every year
Jenica and I pretty much keep it you
know we keep it pretty chill I don't
think Valentine's Day has to be like a
day where you spend tons of money or
anything though we like to avoid the
rush get takeout bring it home do
something fun together maybe get a
little and I'm just kidding ah but you
don't have spent a lot of money there's
many different things you do to be
creative and not spend a dime by serving
someone so many ideas I just can't even
say him there's usually a present from
me or something but I don't know about
this year she just said she doesn't want
to present she just wants me you can't
hear him but she really just said that
but I'm gonna tell you what I want for
valentine's day I want a baby boy and I
got oh there's always a little extra
pressure on the guide it you something
crazy cool creative awesome for the girl
but there's also that pressure for other
people just to have a Valentine so you
know it's kind of a silly holiday it's
just made for your consumers made for
people to make money that's what I think
you should treat your loved one with
love and respect every day of the year
the best gifts and surprises come on
days that aren't planned that aren't
expected it's getting someone something
when you least expect it serving them
and doing something good for them every
day that's what I think I don't think
you should just do something good on
Valentine's Day but there's so much
pressure to do something good I
valentines day and then everyone shares
it oh look at these dozen roses my love
glid for me as he warmed up the bath for
me and put some bubbles in it in a TV
with the latest episode of Gossip Girls
streaming on the wall you're supposed to
say yeah yeah so you know what do
something for a loved one every day do
something cool and Valentine's Day
whatever but do something every day I
guarantee your life will be better but
also if you do have a Valentine don't
make them feel left out on Valentine's
Day do something a little extra special
form so today's while I might seem like
we did absolutely nothing but it was a
really busy day I work class in the
intramural game Jenica went to a
birthday dinner she got a new wardrobe
which I think he saw did you blog that
yeah well but yeah she a little
bit of that and I went to work all day
class yeah I was a busy day but
sometimes you know you just don't have
time to whip out the camera and film it
will do better tomorrow we love you guys
goodnight guys it's been a minute since
we've done rock paper scissors so let's
do this one round best out of one winner
takes home left-handed with my eyes
closed whatever good night
dot
Oh
