hey guys it's Tuesday here with the Sun
salmon kabobs
I'm just feeling great this morning so
sam says won't you welcome everyone to
the day so welcome to this new day
everybody
I got enough sleep last night for the
first time it was great so I am chipper
this morning she's also vlogging with
her left hand now cuz supposedly that's
a better side for her to vlog food
you're not just to tell them that babe
well I'm just see if anyone notices the
difference no don't say if you know
there's a difference
don't say anything
have a wonderful day see ya
it's a nice little view say hi to all
your people hi my people ya know just
hanging out in my corner office my new
digs check out my sweet laptop dang hey
what's up if you own a jeep this is what
you do
park on snow hey everybody it's Tuesday
yes I keep forgetting today has been
terrible I have forgotten so many things
today I had to have class this morning
and that just threw off my whole day not
when a class is canceled it's the best
thing but the worst thing at the same
time because then your schedules out
throwing off anyway I'm supposed to go
to my lab hours in the BFA program at my
school were required to work for free in
the photo lab and I've completely forgot
so oops so I'll have to make those hours
up anyways nice to be home earlier than
normal tonight I am making some dinner
yes I'm cooking tonight and I'm making
an old classic from my family my grandma
she's Argentine as you guys know she
made this dish called tortilla that
Papa's which is just basically potatoes
and eggs but she always made it so good
it was my favorite dish my entire
childhood I always would sneak it when
she was done like making it earned and
she would make like three batches for
all of us because we just downed it
dough is just made it's like perfect and
I've never been able to make it as
perfect as her it's so frustrating
anyway that's just potatoes in oil and
you just like let them cook through and
then you just put eggs on it like you
like whipped eggs as if you're making an
omelet pour it on top and it's like a
potato pie and it's delicious and I love
it so I'm going to make it tonight
okay so I have cut the potatoes and I
always end up with so many extras anyway
then then you just put it in your pan
with some oil and you just let them cook
you wait until the potatoes are cooked
all the way through and then give him a
little fry guys my computer's my finger
I didn't do this so I've been cooking
the potatoes for a while oh ouch hot
I've had a cover on top of them while
they've been cooking so they cook faster
and now I'm gonna let him get all fried
up and then we'll put some eggs in it
you guys this is the best I've ever
tried the potatoes YUM now I also forgot
to mention that the amount of eggs a
minute it just depends on you I don't
only know I never gotten official recipe
from crap we'll see if this is enough
right you don't like a ton I just like
it it's a coat potatoes and then you
pour the egg on and you wait for the
bottom to cook and then I might throw it
in the oven or try to flip it I usually
just spin the oven solidify the top a
little bit
this looks like my best batch yet so eat
it anyways Wow okay this is my prettiest
one and wha-la tortilla de Papa's nice
and crispy and golden feel free to try
this is true we do stuff yeah this is
what we're made having for dinner I
think we're gonna eat it with some
avocado yeah you can put everyone's your
same we'll put on put some Syrah chew on
it yeah I think my grandma would be
proud of this batch final verdict it
tastes so good I'm editing the blog
really quick just got home from work
yeah thank you it's good guys sorry
about the hair I've been wearing a hat
all day guys this is Kate Hansen she I
believe she's gonna meet ah I don't know
but a lot of our friends know her and
it's so cool
so we're rooting for her and she's up
next she's up right now and she got
called out for dancing as her warm up
but Beyonce reposted it she dances to
warm up they big move and Beyonce
retweeted her or something the announcer
is criticizing her come on
she just fielded it yeah heel in the rib
yeah so we hope she does well right now
run okay go away go away lose time when
I don't know if she'll play stranding
but it's pretty cool that she's in the
Olympics
I just wish I had my home washer/dryer
okay
we're doing more than just laundry we're
trying something
cookie dough Oreos you guys tried them
yet are they any good to try right now
hey guys this is the unboxing for the
cookie dough Oreos and every computer
made with chocolate chips limited
edition let's see okay you try one first
yeah she's really been wanting to try
one so here we go
like 10 seconds the you know hmm
doing this it's like a flavor it doesn't
taste like cookie dough there's a flavor
it doesn't taste like it's not like a
cookie dough it's like a spice like a
nutmeg or something random
right what's up over there good
I just can't told the waitress what I
mean so it doesn't taste exactly like
cookie dough I wish there's like cookie
dough chunks I can see where that kind
of J's I could eat up
well I think I'm gonna try one where are
you
so I wouldn't say it tastes exactly like
cookie dough but you know I can I get a
little a little Bob to cook you know in
there it doesn't make me want to drink
water and I think they are better than
regular Oreos
I usually don't buy Oreos that much not
because I don't like them we just don't
buy cookies or sweet watermelon sour
patch kids those are ball this one has
my heart
we just don't buy quickly they're sweet
has anyone watching this vlog ever eaten
that high chew they just buy crackers
and chips and salsa because he ever
noticed we never bite so we have you
rate it out of 1 through 10 son right
have you belly Gus seven seven and a
half you think people should go out and
try them they're good they just don't
taste like cookie dough if you buy
cookies every single week in the new
like Oreos I would say go out and try
these out don't go out of your way don't
be searching it restored because they're
not that amazing but they are worth
trying you guys hear that Elton John
well do I have an Elton John story for
you seriously I don't have to tell you
that John stories up there
put these cookies in the fridge or the
freezer because I think we'll be better
cold actual ice cream cookie dough
chocolate ice cream cookie dough or
Yochai got ice cream oh good my hair's
like this you know what it means hey now
all night all night so yeah guys do you
like Oreos what are your favourite
cookies our snacks
have you tried the cookie dough or rice
krispies treat Oreos that just came out
I better try another just to make sure
that you know I got a good taste the
first time we are entering our busy time
of the week ah love you guys peace
