check it out they yarn bomb the bench I
think it mighta missed I got it you got
it we're gonna try to record the yarn
bomb bench again there it is Christy
glass a shout out to you my sister young
stuff all over town do you guys know
what yarn bombing is your bombing is
when you yarn stuff all over town yeah
yarn bombing is when people put yarn
usually it's kind of cool they put it
over like a bench a street light or
something in public and instead of it's
like graffiti but it's yarn that way
it's easier to clean up it's also kind
of cool you can jaan a tree you can
you're the mailbox you can young it a
bridge or a shovel I could figure i need
to run with mailbox rocks or you can
your mom rocks Shh we saw a lot of it
when we were in San Francisco if my hard
drive wasn't messed up I could pull some
of that footage up right now
my sister did this road trip across
america we tagged along for part of it
but she basically yarn bombed America
you have something that's yarn bombed in
your yard or neighborhood it was
probably her it's a beautiful Monday
morning and everything is awesome Oh
what is that in my eyes or could it be
the Sun the Sun oh good baby Jen said
look at them you the mountains from our
door did you know anything different
today what the Sun will come out to Jay
hey but it will go back to the hush a
hey I thought you were like talk about
your appearance I'm like what you do cut
your hair in the lunch break the sun is
out today no the Sun will come out today
oh my goodness yes it's a miracle the
sun's out kind of feel warm and the snow
is melting
it's no longer slushy
I had a dream last night and the only
thing I remember is my sister got her
hair cut and one side was really short
like a boy that had two layers and the
other side was like an a-line bob turn
shin and you dyed it black and she loved
it that's all cool story bro now the
real phrase is like cool story Hansel
what is it cool story Hansel thanks Olof
so guys it was brought to my attention
today that I offended someone with the
previous vlog and I don't want to bring
attention to what it was because the
whole point of them being offended was
the attention was brought to it so I
just want to say that we are sorry and
we never try and offend anyone sometimes
we make mistakes sometimes we have
lapses of judgment and maybe do
something that we shouldn't have but we
try to keep this real and we're not
perfect so I'm sorry and we love you
guys yeah i mean really worried don't
mean to offend anyone but this is our
everyday life so it's gonna happen
especially it's hard to please yeah it's
hard to please everyone without changing
yourself we're not trying to please but
we really do feel bad when we do offend
someone so we're sorry these logs were
really originally just for us as like
home videos so I was anticipating people
actually watching them and though like
stuff that's in them is stuff that we
but to be honest it is a lot more
enjoyable to have people commenting and
watching because it makes it I don't
know it's fun I just forget sometimes
that other people watch them and can be
offended yeah guys where our normal
selves did it dipped it there are a few
subscribers who are combating most
importantly khlo hey girl you have been
wanting some aura Sam dance moves and I
love that because you guys before we
started logging like I seriously always
tried to film Sam dancing because he
just dances around the house so it's
really fun that he lets me film dancing
to help for your crisis entertain
but um he's got to give you guys a
little show so here we go okay oh oh
you're so lucky that is a Sam original
dance move right there khlo and YouTube
fam I can't show all my dance moves in
11 go so I was just a little taste of
what's to come
just imagine what kind of dance moves
are gonna come out when that baby is
born obviously I won't be holding the
baby during the dance unless he wants to
do like unless he wants to be like a
collaboration might need him straight
out of the womb straight out of the room
mm-hmm I wouldn't doubt it he's already
swimming there lots so Jenica attends to
film like this I just each don't see
those clips they just don't make the cut
I tend to do this he tends to cut guys
this is my face because Sam always cuts
off when I'm not done talking annoying
it's more annoying than a tilted camera
sup guys I'm Jenny hey guys I'm Jenica
give up your mean she doesn't mean that
Jude loves me per night guys Jenna cos
laughing about something and the worst
part is you will never know what she's
laughing about because it will not be on
the blog uncut version uncovered and I
don't want to offend anyone guys we
decided to watch Brooklyn nine-nine
tonight the first time we watched the
pilot and would you think it was funny
it was something but Andy Samberg is
hilarious a lot of our friend have been
watching they're like you gotta watch
this it's so funny and we said you know
we've been really picky with our shows
like we'd haven't got a lot of time to
watch show so we've been picky like
Dance Moms bachelor Juan Pablo your OC
so we watched Brooklyn nine-nine and we
thought it was really funny and now we
want to watch every episode so we got to
catch up do you guys have any favorite
TV shows right now we are kind of
looking for new ones to watch I feel
like Jenna has already seen everything
but I haven't so what is your favorite
TV show on netflix or currently on TV or
whatever what should we check out let us
know and um don't listen icw exciting
watch all of this a CW know the CW shows
yeah
if people watch CW they'll know what
shows them talking about AKA Vampire
Diaries the originals rain arrow are too
much more but I haven't so if you still
like those shows tell me what's up
because I need a new show with Brooklyn
nine-nine to watch we probably shouldn't
ask for shows cuz we need to focus on
school this is for like when you really
need a break when you wouldn't need a
book anyways YouTube fam I needed a new
way to sign out because apparently hand
gestures and different places major
things that door was open that was gonna
creepy anyways this was probably kind of
a short vlog I don't know yet we'll see
when I edited it but today was a good
day because everything is awesome
everything is when you live in a dream
you look green peace out see you guys
Oh
and
