you guys can't see it but Jenica span
searching about right here and there's
they usually go up to it here okay this
right here is a button and this is the
whole she's at that stage where pants go
bye-bye yeah wonder when you wear those
again the end of June oh dang know what
end of June are you kidding
July that's so soon maybe like September
October as a kid go I don't know I just
tried this dry blood orange sew it up
it's actually really good it's a lot
like they like the seltzer water stuff
with flavoring but better cuz it tastes
sweeter sometimes that stuff is really
just that kind of bitter good yeah no I
just want to try the cucumber wine guys
you remember that salsa gone and one day
I don't know if I'm proud of that but it
is dang good what up YouTube fam what up
YouTube what up YouTube bam bam we are
currently heading down to my friend's
house who wants some pictures taken of
him and his two daughters to give to his
wife for Valentine's Day and this girl's
taking him ah some of you guys live like
basically near the mountains I know Sam
and Jen you guys have amazing views hey
Trevor and Karen here's our mountains we
don't even have to zoom in just kidding
it's only because we live on a mountain
but they are covered in fog in the
closet yeah like that view right here
from where I'm standing is just
beautiful
some of you guys probably like have a
way better views than that here's our
Mountain Tanya would you get such a nice
blanket like so nice look at this and
made and it's like the Miki fabric and
look at the shape their little giraffes
are cute it's so cute I love it
I'm obsessed with it you guys I'm
obsessive baby clothes right now okay
how cute these are look at this little
tiger bum what happened what happened
nothing there's a little big I'm a size
12 and everything cool here's like a
size eight like my toes at the end when
I push on forward they're just like ha
they ring pick socks then they don't sit
but they're like half an inch too big
might be worth it considering I can't
find boots anywhere Sam's sister would
love these wiener dogs the punish
sandals we have cat dog but yeah I can't
clean it up clean it i heerd car would
look like this - if you owned a border
collie oh wait my border collie is
smarter than your honor student
Oh Border Collies Jim just went up to
the window to get a chicken sandwich
they forgot she said we got it with
their we're coming blood blood blood
blood too bad that I feel like food is
extremely late then they should give us
something for free home free yeah wait
for like 15 minutes her stupid chicken
secret world fatty problem yes and I was
like oh well you know Lisa probably give
us something for free but no they didn't
give us anything
first well fati problem baby we're going
to see a friend that I haven't seen in a
while he's a really good friend he's the
coolest guy he's the Iceman pow wow my
mouth shining like a crystal ball and my
other buddy just brought us two things
of salsa likes more salsa I kind of want
to sneak it into the movie theater cuz
we're gonna go see a movie tonight the
lego movie Lego Lego Lego Lego like a
movie roof everything is awesome guys I
was a couple and she was like two feet
taller than him that's where she might
be so you feed those we just like the
lego movie and we had to check out the
whole things from the movie oh I was
like hey that's from the movie genius
idea genius idea I guarantee they're
gonna sell a ton of these oh yeah
ninety bucks right I had a lot of Legos
growing up too and they cool sets like
the police station and all these
everything's Chima Chima I'm not
familiar with legends of Chima
so here's 20 bucks
yes I would have fun playing yeah I make
a little bit more money holding guys you
remember connects I never had him but
I'd friends Adam and I remember the
commercials can't believe I still make
those we had a loan Moreno hey we felt
funny about Bonnie and Clyde they're
back they're back bunny
oh no he's disappearing oh you were
behind the house maybe you guys have
been like I've been watching from the
beginning yeah you know that we've
interactions with here everybody saw
them tonight they came back they're
looking for us Bonnie and Clyde yeah I
named him that even though it might be
two boys and a girl out guys it's like
12:30 we're watching the Olympics live
got more salsa we're streaming it live
online right now we could be watching it
on TV probably but I was just sitting
here watching the 80s high five take it
easy bugs oh man you didn't get it I
can't believe it
