guys I just found my newest moves I'm
gonna learn how to cheer and dance check
this out you ready for this whoa hey
well still snowing working at the
stadium today for the basketball team
plays
they're actually practicing right now
but it's closed so I don't want to get
in trouble for filming in just another
snowy day it's snowing like crazy ah you
believe this no no it's literally been
saying for three days shonali huge
flakes but this keeps coming down three
days it's been doing this though yeah
little flakes but literally gotten like
10 inches in three days your socks are
wet you got to get boots that in see I
try though I just want to get the
two-hundred-dollar one since I feel like
I've spent two hundred dollars on bad
boots the passport yeah you gotta get
good boots their expenses well the good
deep plaster I know but and I wish I
would have would you get a package from
your mom I wonder if it's baby clothes
you already opened it it is I have a
feeling it's gonna be a bull's onesie a
Black Hawk swansea just can't have no
idea oh oh my hockey goodness they're
all the same cute on the outside tough
on the inside oh my goodness look at how
cute these are these are adorable thanks
mom we love them thank you look how
little that body is just a little guy so
guys we're gonna go out tonight but we
decided to stay in because genic is
really tired and the winter olympics are
on the opening ceremonies the best part
is that we're gonna make tacos tonight
and I went to a place where I just love
getting burritos I found out this week
that they sell salsa there so I went by
and bought some and oh my goodness I
wish I could just send you all pack of
this salsa it is so good deliciosa
seriously this is a deadly thing that I
found out that they sell this also I'm
enough to get it all the time now guys I
feel so bad one of those snowflakes
doesn't open oh they have horrible
bathrooms and I clinic gether snowflake
open I really do feel bad though Oh
they like I've been working so hard on
this Stan wore a jacket like this to
prom mobster Sam literally a war without
we're just really new coach Jenny I
actually got a got my prom out sorry
that was accident I actually got my prom
outfit too late one year it so I got
this super fun jacket that had to wear
maybe you can find a clip to insert you
guys we found a straggler 00 greece is
first no wonder they put her it for the
flag look at that babe hello Greece is
it just me or did a lot of you guys
think that was their hair I thought the
fur was their hair they had fake mullets
or something it looks hilarious hey guys
if I were ever in the Olympics would be
for curling but if I really in the
Olympics this is what it be for this is
the best part yeah yeah ooh kill'em oh
jamaica hmm the best if they find their
gear I'm moving for them for a metal
guys I just found my newest moves I'm
gonna learn how to cheer and dance check
this out you ready for this whoa hey oh
yes like guys amazing holding a glass
Russia they know how to dance guys give
me like two weeks and I'll try and
figure that one out more like a lifetime
guys who excited about Jimmy Fallon
coming to the tonight show excited for
Jimmy he's one of my celebrity crushes
we love Jimmy Fallon he is the best
that's who we've been watching for years
anyways so now that he's going to the
tonight show it's even better better
time for us better time for everyone
yeah they're playing that one song
this was my reaction then so it begins
live athletes can only see the fireworks
from the projectors your own side
they're outside Oh Oryx inside to let
the games begin the hug the Olympic
Games you guys I thought the first legit
baby like kick like it was like the
biggest movement ever and I like saw my
stomach move to and it was so weird
because like I've been feeling like
movements and him like squirm and like
push and like tap and pay a little bit
but it was like a kick and it was
bizarre and then I tried to film it and
he was stopped of course I'm so excited
my lover boy is taking me to get some
ice cream and I don't really want to
tell you what time it is it's like I
love looking skinny me oh god I just
imagine you replaying last in the video
i just read you replaying that over and
over again please the bestest all i did
was walk into the kitchen I just went to
get a hat his stealthy moves and always
freak out I'll move what always so still
thank you normal we live in a SAP
apartment how can I be stealthy that I
love that guy hashtag little image the
snow right now is perfect snowball snow
because it's kind of like wet out here
these would be good packing yet perfect
packing snow this is perfect
no you're not thrown on our neighbors Oh
samsung snowballs at it he's gonna freak
Jody out oh my god i shouldnt arm we
can't really see it kind of dark out to
the main under there's like just
snowballs all over their windows now
abort mission abort mission don't really
think that some reckless teenagers we're
running from the scene we're running
from the scene guys Obama's here look
how perfect this snow is out rides are
so cool Oh perfect snowball snow we're
going to get some ice cream for my
spinning some ice cream are going to get
some ice cream because my pregnant wife
is only for us babe and I do not want
her to scream back at me she wants ice
cream so I'll get bit or her the okay
lame is easy ice cream ice cream ice
cream oh but I can't do this all the
time this is like a one time thing what
i have i love the snickers tonight some
hold down my skirt no no no no it's a
little man Darius very of Greek the
Greek yogurt ice cream it's my favorite
ten little cartons later oh because I do
not want to put on extra weight more way
than I have to good thing I work out I
work out just gonna be that ice cream
yes that's edgecomb of all time Greek
strawberry shortcake that's what I'm
good ice cream so unfaithful to Jimmy
Fallon is ice cream oh we don't know
about that
no that's just good that's that's not
Conan that's Kolbert this one has my
heart waiting hands i prefer the private
selection because it's good tasty and
cheaper ask caramel hazelnut floods
truffle what a moscato cafe come meet
you guys I always pushed off button
instead of the record button every day I
do so many moments great moments are
lost because Jenica hitting the power
button about keeping the camera straight
you guys I'm learning I'm a newbie I
didn't yeah okay this is how can this
out J to go towards the camera me sorry
guys I'm really working on it guys the
best flavors are always in the back
because everyone takes those ones what's
the flavor what's the flavor denali
extremely attracts fudge filled cups and
famous denali denali moose tracks budge
done Jen's been craving cucumber so much
I wonder if you'd like dry cucumber soda
what does he enjoy blood orange soda
what does that even mean guys what's dry
soda to understand this is what I wish I
could drink I grew up on your birthday
not this pop real bath day from South
America it's my blood Sam how to acquire
the taste once he married me boo Gulf
boy perfect symbol whether she asleep it
does not give us Tim just said I'm
having fun I'm like a little kid again
he's so cute Oh Jimmy good night show so
exciting can't wait you're gonna cry are
you crying sam says he's a little
emotional kind of a long blog hopefully
not too long we'll see you guys later
purse I didn't do that too bad
you better thank you
