still unpacking the little messy
Oh this past week has been kind of nuts
I came back through two really big
projects ones that take a lot of time to
just think about create edit one of them
is actually on Instagram there's more
content to come
there's also another one that I might be
posting Sunday or Monday that's
different but thank you guys for all
your positive feedback y'all are the
best for real we've lived here for two
weeks now two weeks has it been two
weeks already
one half weeks one week I don't know I
haven't really been able to enjoy like
time with the family and exploring we
did one thing that you guys are gonna
see but anyways it's a I'm just excited
to be a little less busy for a couple
days I think Saturday afternoon we're
gonna do something fun so I'm gonna cut
you guys up with the vlogs this vlog
might be kind of all over the place but
I just want to get caught up I can't be
behind anymore I want to be in the
present day we just need to get back to
present day just will feel so much
better I feel like there's just a
collection of random footage and I want
to get back to actually know where we
are so enjoy today and then tomorrow
let's get back to it
oh oh I don't know if you can see this
is my new rug took forever to find which
rug we wanted and I still don't know if
it's most likes dick out I don't know
how to rug this work I really just I
don't I think looks great I really like
it it's it's like light and dark it's
like it's like two-toned almost so it's
like it won't show the dirt if it gets a
little dirty which I love the one
downfall like literally the only thing I
don't like about this house is that the
lack of lighting downstairs which like
our number one thing was a house with
good lighting upstairs is amazing
it's just downstairs and I know like in
Arizona that's kind of hard to like get
a house with great lighting because
honestly people don't like a lot of I
feel like people want darker because it
stays cooler in the summer especially
like it's hot and I don't mind it it
would just be nice to have a few more
lights in the living room or a fan or
something there's like
thing up there so I think that's one
project we are going to do I'm not
anyway I think me and the baby you're
gonna go from a little bike ride it's
pretty hot out right now but it's only 9
o'clock it's like 40 in the 90s it's 9
o'clock in the morning but I went
yesterday with both kids in the back of
the carriage
they've been waking up like super early
like 6:00 a.m. 6:30 7 o'clock early
which is early for us I know some kids
just wake up at that time and I I'm so
sorry for you bearing to 1/2 those kids
my kids don't usually usually they're
like 8 o'clock or 8:30 most like 8
o'clock so yesterday they were up so
early we went on a little bike ride cuz
we live kind of here a bike trail yeah
let's do it
it's just a little tired too - asleep in
the car anyway it was really fun and
that go nice it was a good good workout
so I want to start doing that in the
morning ok let's go out there so I'm
gonna start doing that with the kids in
the mornings because it's awesome to get
out of the house and get them some fresh
air it's been a good workout for me and
it's not like strenuous on my like knees
and stuff like running it has been in
the past no just because I I just don't
enjoy running and when we go to the pool
up and swimming laps let's go outside
it's gonna backyard and go for a bike
ride
one last thing we are get starting to
hang up some stuff we're not really sure
we need to get some new stuff but I've
got that little thing hung up we've got
those two over the table that's about
all we only have one over the thermoset
over there we gotta get some new stuff
hey I was preschool today what'd you
learn about
the letter D I thought you said yeah to
learn about dogs or donkeys I can't
remember you told me Oh dogs today we
are filming that very very fun secret
top secret project we've been telling
you guys about can't say much about it
except for this except for this and this
beautiful turtleneck she's got the
cutest baby bunt on her head look at
this it has to do with Noah's favorite
movie yes
and it's really really awesome and honor
and privilege to be able to make this
content Twitter get ready
hopefully it's super good I'm hoping
it's awesome it'll be great
oh yeah Sam's magical and on that
computer you can throw anything together
no it's hard to like force creativity
and things like that and so sometimes
when it's rushed like this is actually
pretty rushed project mm-hmm I just have
to get going it starts coming together
understand that we're here we wanted
everyone to be involved in the shoot
today Jay was gonna wear her
stormtrooper it's a little too small so
seasonal its back so we have the dirt of
then so in the turtleneck with the bike
turtleneck and the Darth Vader sissy Oh
yeah yeah and right to be rain it's so
cute
look at that little ray outfit they're
both gonna be a little big though
24 months might fit better than two t
though oh you won't be Leia are you
gonna be rape she could care less which
one do you want you get to choose Oh
lay it is a classic dude how's the
filming going so far that's been fun
you've been loving it you've been even
directing part of it huh oh my goodness
look at this one who are you oh do you
want put your hair on - I think your
body looks pretty cute - with your
little pigtails yeah high five high five
yeah
Yoda Leia oh okay I finally have a
helper over here smearing around the
olive oil we've got this one done half
all of half cheese and I'm just using
mozzarella and a little garlic salt is
on the bottom good job okay keep going
you got to spread it around the crust
mouse case so smear it up can you do
that part okay good job and then this
one I might put half sauce
and I'm just kept Roni and then yeah I
know it's okay then just cheese again I
saw my car so bad at home
good job my little sous chef should get
it everywhere we're gonna have to put a
little bit more in a minute am i max you
really excited about this it's okay baby
I've got some splatters on me too oh my
gosh I just look over know what I mean
since he was in something funny and I
didn't realize she was in this bucket I
forgot that I had this bucket over here
hey no just pull it on the carpet not on
the ground
okay the verdict is in the sauce pizza
is way better than the no sauce pizza I
just can't get it right like they do in
the restaurants and pizza places but
this one that is really good oh excuse
me mom the very next evening look at you
mungus I've never seen avatar I've never
seen it I think it's just too long I
don't care - we were gonna eat at the
food trucks by our friend's house but
there was only like one food truck out
and it wasn't even like food it was
waffles so we had to come to some firm
Joe's farmhouse something or other not
really sure but it looks really good and
I guess was on Gavin's driving some bars
or something
humongous trees but it's kind of funny
to have scientists say don't climb risk
of falling and scorpion stings huge high
the yummy awesome Oh baby
whoa-ho-ho-ho those are the chicken
tenders they look really good those are
for PJ yeah he wanted corndogs
oh yeah whoa okay I got a veggie burger
and it looks amazing and sweet potato
fries oh look at how great this looks
I got a veggie burger right I haven't
been completely ledge attained and many
times already
I'm when I actively sometimes choose to
not eat it this is vegetarian - mm-hmm
fries oh yeah I'm like a hot dog I'm
like the hot dog veggie dog with veggie
bacon veggie jalapeno veggie everything
those crazy food reviews hot wow those
are the price melt good you know the
place is good when you walk in and they
say we want five stars on Yelp our
garlic fries I might want to try one
absolutely okay cheeseburger
ooh this is Nora Nora now am I supposed
to you two
and she though slow dances this is so
gross but I thought some people might
think it's fascinating for my birthday I
had seemed gave me a slip band but I
just didn't tell anyone
and we didn't a ballet slip and but oh
my gosh
my stomach is dripping sweat I've been
wanting to wear it this whole week I've
been biking but I couldn't find it
hidden all the packing best oh my gosh
though I saw my friend Alexa she trains
for like bikini body competitions and
all this stuff and just like super
awesome and super intense and she was
used to work out with those I love she
still does she might it was like oh how
about my house to see if it works
oh my gosh my whole stomach is dripping
as wet right now it's so satisfying but
really nasty at the same time anyway let
me know if you guys have one of these
things I literally just got on the
Amazon I don't know what the Brandt
I don't know waste sweat I don't know
anyways that's gross I also went on the
bike ride I took Sam's bike out this
time without the kiddos know that
preschool PJ I just left here I'm
feeling so much better
I've been going to bed early and I've
been working out every morning sleep
guys does wonders for your your mind
really for your mind it does wonders
window get some lightens downstairs
house yeah last week was a really rough
week for me just mentally I've just been
so stressed out with the move so I
started going to bed earlier also just
because I was so stinking exhausted that
I just would pass out but I've been so
tired from the kids waking up so much
earlier than they usually do oh thank
you for that nasty chewed up cracker
they she gave it to me and didn't stick
it somewhere else for the ants to get
I'm gonna stop rambling careful
the whole thing for the lyrics movie
karaoke
goodnight ever feels like my
