guys I'm back feel like a flappy bird
right now between all these pipes
BRR yo it up I got a break from my class
so I went and got a sandwich and I'm
watching the Martin bros check it out
there's Martin Bruce
there's my meal it's nice to get a quick
little break so I can catch up on some
vlogs and actually eat something on this
long day that goes till 10:30 p.m. so I
actually have to eat and walk and this
sandwich has apple slices on it has a
turkey bacon lettuce and apples mmm
tastes pretty good but yeah my break is
super short stuff to eat and walk in
this frigid cold weather so one of the
backs bigger
buy one get one free after APN these
look delicious
yeah but don't know what you guys get a
twist a nice dream so I I love donuts
but we don't get them often Sam gets
them for my birthday but it's a little
late
so how hard 68 cents for two donut
that's a steal feel like I'm robbing the
bakery turned Donuts a sycophant
Franco problems
Snickers at 1016 at night I'm pregnant
I'm allowed I've missed my booboo
seriously this week I feel like I
haven't seen Jenica at all my little boo
boo my baby boy and my baby boy well
it's me nobody seriously all right guys
we decided on a name for the baby I want
to tell you what it is your name shall
be we don't have a name we have multiple
names and have the longest name ever to
be like 20 different names
Juan Pablo they lasted a long bath cause
they look at me they Jenica is a big
tall back
huzi arson will not be a hussy guys the
Olympics started today the Winter
Olympics it seems like just yesterday
they were in Vancouver
thank you for that's really where are
you guys to be watching the Olympics
this weekend I know the opening
ceremonies are happening in some other
events
that's guess who I'm rooting for I say
what are your favorite Olympic events I
think I love figure skating speed
skating I'm hoping for USA versus Canada
rematch in the finals of hockey again
some people doggone figure skating say
it's boring I love the drama the corrupt
judges the there's nothing more dramatic
than being their center eyes by yourself
just waiting to do those triple axels
what are you talking about we must not
watch the same sport but you're skating
interesting how do you know we were
married last Olympics yeah she's about
to see a side of me that's never been
seen before
let's see some of those skating moves no
ice skating oh yeah there we go put
their leg out one of those a spin in
their leg comes out no just put your leg
up
seriously guys what's your favorite
event what is the one you really look
forward to my freshman year of college I
decided to take a curling class the
first day of class we faced the team
here at the University and we beat up
no but really we won and there was a
newspaper that I was taking pictures of
us and then we were in the newspaper the
next day it was pretty funny it was fun
I did it with my buddy Mike my brother
and another friend Adam and it was an
interesting PE class so he took don't
sleep on curly you learned this how to
keep track of the score and everything
else it's actually pretty good stuff
what's what are you looking forward to
what event this year I really want to
watch some bobsledding stuff and when
they go down headfirst and I really like
speed skating - did you hear what
happened to the Jamaican bobsled team
some people say you know them can't
believe Jamaica we have a bobsled team
they had the internet like raise a bunch
of money for them so they could go and
then this year that's like the movie
yeah and then their gear got lost on the
way so they have they have their sled
but they don't have anything else that's
uh it's like that Disney movie from back
in the day I know I want them to win now
Cool Runnings Cool Runnings
I loved that movie guys there's some
weird stuff going on in Sochi like the
bathrooms that are next to each other
the toilets the weird water spent more
money on this Winter Olympics than like
a ton of them combined and it's still
not ready okay I'm gonna go tonight and
she just got back from serving LDS
mission in Russia and she said that
everyone she talked to either was mad
about the Olympics being there or just
didn't care and they did it on the black
sea or the Dead Sea or whatever like
right on the ocean where it's hot so
they had to import all the snow when
it's Russia and it snows half the year
and they should have just gone to the
mountains to do it but no they had to
like bring in snow is what I learned
today so there you have it straight from
Jenna cos maps they bring in the snow
they bring in the snow and people aren't
happy Russia I'm just kidding
I have nothing against Russia is there
anyone that's I guarantee there's
someone watching this video right now
from Russia speak up
seriously if you're from Russia let us
know and we're gonna root for you and
for Russia and the USA but seriously I
love the Olympics they are the best I
like watching the little countries on
opening ceremonies night we're like the
only one person in it is like carrying
their own flag it's just like it's
pretty sweet
I mean there's some sweet stories with
each athlete and I like falling in one
the next couple days are gonna be great
it's the weekend I can hang out with
Jenica I can watch the Olympics I can
eat whatever I want but I love how light
it is when there's snow like Andrews
like dude how do you have night vision
on your camera I was like I didn't put
night vision it's just light outside
because of the snow guys if this isn't
hashtag vlog life then I don't know what
is my internet was being slow at home so
I ran over to work it is still snowing
like crazy and I'm sitting in a little
Gator cart right now I don't know if you
can see me and uploading the vlog can't
even see out of this thing underground
vloggers unite got to do what we got to
do to get those vlogs up you know I'm
saying I know you guys know what I'm
saying
I know you've been there Trevor you've
been there driving to the parents house
every day I couldn't wait 58 minutes get
this vlog up it's got to be 10 so I came
over here and I got four minutes left
what did I tell you Andrew Andrew do not
include anyone else in this call Andrew
up dare you how dare you hey guys it's
Friday this is going in Thursday's
footage of vlog anyways I wanted to give
a couple shout outs I was thinking about
doing like video shout outs once a week
or something like that and today seems
like a good day I just got done watching
Jessica Dave logs
she did a vlog on flappy bird it was
pretty funny she does a lot of videos I
also know that she watches these videos
so anyways I'm gonna put a link to her
channel in the description if you guys
want to go check out her videos they're
awesome she has some fun ones and yeah
go check him out I also wanted to shout
out Peace Love lark Abul now not
everyone has their same YouTube name on
Instagram or Twitter so sometimes I'm
like trying to figure out who's who I'm
guessing this is you though she tweeted
me out last night and said Sam and
Jenica I can die happy now she got a
high score of flappy birds of 112 112 I
don't know how you got that far but I
think you have gotten the farthest than
anyone that watches this vlog so right
now you are the leader as far as five
big birds goes and congratulations
seriously I just want to get 100 and
then I can die happy lastly I wanted to
give my sister Christie a shout-out she
made a hilariously cute video of my
niece we call her pickle that's not a
real name but we call her pickle as a
Cabbage Patch Kid a real-life Cabbage
Patch Kid it is seriously the cutest
video I've seen in a long time I'm gonna
put that in the end slate so you guys
can watch it go check it out if you like
cute little babies and cute videos this
is it seriously it made me think for a
second man I should've gone for teen
girl yeah so yeah guys I don't know I
don't know which days of the week I want
to do it but everyone so now I want to
give everyone that's watching the video
shot especially if they post videos I
like watching them I yeah we're gonna
keep doing this I'm not sure which day
exactly but it'll be a weekly thing
anyways hope you guys having a great day
have a great weekend and enjoy the
Olympics go USA
