good morning you look cute circle skirt
you look cute circle skirt I made it you
guys my task for the day at work is
insane I have to see if I can shoot like
take photos could I take photos of old
books that can't be scanned and they're
too fragile or whatever too old I take
photos of them and other students scan
other ones that can be scanned and I
have to try to scan these books let me a
little closer cuz they are huge I don't
think I came to the first one thickness
yeah gotta try to see if I can get that
flat that's gonna be fun
just look at the scale of that book this
is my hand that's the book I don't know
if I can do it and here's the size it
sounds like not good but how big this
book is they're huge wish me luck
I love the snow but I hate walking into
class in the snow it's so cold
another day another dime not work on my
lunch break and you can't even see the
mountains today it's no I'm pretty bad
out there but you can't really tell you
guys I just realized today well sitting
you're eating lunch
I'm officially 20 weeks pregnant I'm
officially halfway through my pregnancy
I can't believe that it's finally going
by faster the beginning it felt like I
was taking forever but now it's like
whew halfway I can do it and yeah I
don't really feel super pregnant which
is good I'm hoping I don't get huge but
if I do that's okay and I feel the baby
move about everyday and exciting stuff
look who came to visit me on my lunch
break
oh he looks scary cuz it's just
just that an exam and I thought that I
have another exam three oh there we go
two exams in one day and I yeah good
times good times
oh but my exams are numbered only a
couple more until I graduate and I'm
done
your hair looks crazy right now I'm
super tempted to put 75 cents in just to
see what I get if I click this one it's
the mystery drink I bet it's a 7up yeah
oh there's nothing there and it will
save people I don't have 75 cents hey
guys so I've been known for a little
while just chilling and relaxing I'm
actually getting ready to head up to
campus because I have a shoot tonight
for a project that I'm working on it's
more of those multiple exposures things
so I'm pretty excited but yeah so it
should be fun hopefully keep your
fingers crossed it goes well and that my
teacher likes them who else it's
frustrating
Sam's in class still he's in class until
like 7:30 tonight so I don't know when
I'll see him he stopped by to visit me
at work that's a long time I've seen him
today I'm gonna have to school and we'll
see if the next clip is my photo stuff
or not so yeah what's up it's almost 8
o'clock
I finished my two tests I was walking to
the car and then I realized Jenica is
shooting for a project right now yep
welcome to my kingdom look at all these
lights I need to rush home and eat
dinner and have a meeting with my group
because I have a basketball game at 9:30
so it's been a busy day but it's all
worth it
miss Janica I'm working in heaven
okay beautiful how is your experience
modeling in the studio Jenica the woman
behind the camera all evening this is my
very very good friend Rachel an avid
vlog watcher she's so funny
burn photo together and I just love her
she helped me through my whole shoot
what's going on YouTube fam is Thursday
morning I'm probably gonna put this in
Thursday's vlog which is Wednesday's
footage I'm running a little bit late
for work in class because I got home at
like 11:30 p.m. last night
hopefully this vlog is up before
midnight again but we'll see hope you
guys are doing well
having a good day we got a lot of snow
we have a lot of snow last night snow is
deep see how deep the snow is this is
for my car driving earlier this morning
it's a good six seven inches probably
maybe eat it's days like today that I'm
thankful to have a gas-guzzling
four-wheel drive boost mini beast it's
not only a beast it's a mean mini beast
mode so I didn't have any time to talk
about it last night but we lost our
intramural game by one point we couldn't
make our free throws and then this kid
you know you guys ever played against a
kid that's just like super annoying I
don't mean to be rude but he's just like
it's almost like he's trying to get
people upset
he's just rude and always talking just
complaining whining yeah that kid banked
in a game winner and
that's a worse time that kind of stuff
happen it's only intermurals I mean some
people try and make it like as if it's
the NBA Finals and we had one second
left I chucked the ball in and it hit
the ceiling it was pretty funny but I
you know I don't take it that seriously
anymore I want to win I want to compete
but when people are just like out of
line like that I'm just like whatever
Jenica also had a photo shoot for a
project she's working on her final
project of her college career she's
talked about it already before it's
dancing and movement things like that
pretty cool I just have a couple of
models she does these crazy shots that I
don't even know how she does it but
they're pretty sweet we have both been
really busy we haven't been getting home
until like 10:00 11:00 p.m. leaving in
the morning so if you guys could just
imagine how hard it is to get a vlog up
every day it's pretty hard but we're
doing our best and like I said before
another vlog thank you for your patience
because sometimes I know the vlog gets
up late but hey it's there for you in
the morning when you wake up it's
snowing pretty hard coming down I feel
like the weather is cold and snowy
everywhere in the United States even
Florida again at Florida but wherever
you live in the country or outside of
the country what's the weather like
where do you guys live you don't just
say like an exact place but like what
country cuz I feel like there's a lot of
international viewers is the weather
nice there do you like cold weather warm
weather do you like Four Seasons or
would you rather just have more mother
yeah even though we're busy we really
like vlogging we're having a fun time
it's fun to talk to you guys it's fun to
post a little video each day that
hopefully is entertaining but yeah we're
gonna keep doing this
so anyways hope you guys are all having
a good week I gotta go I gotta get to
work
I will see you later
you already know yeah like three or four
colors and the couple was got me so much
Ito's in the Lippmann name Chris
