like that's just a good song
this cop is pulling over this car but
the part took the car forever to pull
over because he has snow in the back of
his window so you couldn't see the cop
pulling him over and I guarantee he's
being pulled over because he has snow on
his window isn't it ironic hey so we're
on our way to my friend's surprise
birthday party she loves her birthday
and we love celebrating her birthday and
her husband is so a surprise party and
she has no idea and so we're about Ted
over there so hopefully we catch her
reaction on the camera she's a very
special friend because she was my very
first friend up here at school we've
known each other for five years now
something like that anyway we have been
friends since school started and I love
her dearly
happy birthday Shelby Feliz cumpleanos
so we're gonna go surprise her right now
like that's just a good top
guys I don't know where I am right now
this is kind of freaky
I think I heard something
yeah
hello
I gotta get out of here
hello
our ladies right here you know so pretty
you guys have no idea why I watched this
terrible show he's such a hussy he's
like oh I don't want to kiss lots of
girls coz of my daughter and then he's
straddling some girl in the pool and you
know what I bet they go skinny-dipping
Oh Juan Pablo eel so it's one of our
very good friend fish's birthday
tomorrow he's one who's getting licked
by the dog morgue attacked by the dog in
the other vlogs he's one of our really
good friends and Sam every year
photoshop's his head on a body usually
Macklemore because he looks a lot like a
lot of guys notice that and this night
someone in the comments of the other
vlog where the kid was getting licked in
the face by the dog was like dude that
looks like Macklemore getting licked
last year
hey Photoshop Tim adds Macklemore in the
third shot video it's hilarious
this year I'm photoshopping me and him
as Macklemore and Ryan Lewis on the
cover of one of their albums I still
haven't fixed me it I put my head there
now I have to photoshop it so I look
like Ryan Lewis anyway we get a kick out
of it and we think it's hilarious and we
hope this thing's hilarious because it's
really fun happy birthday fizz cuz
you'll you might watch this yeah you
might happy birthday fish how long have
you known says what what what what how
long have you known phys time salmon
Braden his real name's Braden with pump
is BAE grew up in Chicago together and
they've known each other since like
middle school or something along so
happy birthday fizz we love you bye
so this was the album cover and here's
the new album cover I make a terribly
ugly Ryan Lewis
my boss sauce playing flappy bird and
he's just laughing at how dumb the game
looked or I should say he thought it
looked easy so I said I guarantee you
cannot be - this is what happened hmm
guys I apologize sometimes the vlog
uploads late in the day the truth is I
just can't put the vlog always ahead of
my regular schedule and I said that at
the beginning when I started this so
sometimes the balls go bleeped I'm sorry
about it but I do my best and try and
get him up as fast as I can when
something comes up I'm never like sorry
guys I can't go I have to edit the vlog
I go then I come home and rush and edit
the vlog really fast and then put it up
that way there's a vlog for tomorrow
because if I just edit the vlog then
there's enough luck does that make sense
anyways YouTube fan thank you for
watching and thank you for your patience
we really appreciate it we'll see you
guys tomorrow
love ya
well into the cloud you already know
yeah like three or four colors in the
couple was me so my toes in the lemon
named Chris
