she has watched Super Bowl last night
Oh
how to score oh is it yeah no it's not
you said your high scores for I beat
that like two times ago huh I'm feeling
a high score coming right now and North
Duchy that's that's that's my view
during lunch today looks like it's gonna
snow hey guys it's really cool this last
Sunday a lot of people in our church
fasted for precipitation and like in
California and Utah and I'm sure other
places Sam what is fasting best thing is
when you abstain from eating food or
drinking water any liquids for 24 hours
or 2 meals so everyone in this area that
goes to our church was encouraged to
fast it's not like you have to and they
were fasting for precipitation so they
were going without food and water they
are also praying for you know this
precipitation to come because we need it
here in a dry area so that the crop
season and everything else will be well
and guess what it's snowing outside and
the other day it was rainy in California
which is really cool guys this is
amazing it is snowing like crazy ever
since Jennifer class this was just
yesterday that weird nice thing for snow
and look at it it is coming down like
crazy ah some people might find that
idea kind of crazy but we believe in it
and we've had lots of great and amazing
blessings that have come from it so I
don't know it's pretty cool
No
we're lazily hanging out before I go to
bed playing a dreaded stupid flappy bird
and Sam just said I was a good leader
that's why he's better than me is
because he was a guild leader do I need
you guys know what a guild leader is
comment below if you do but we were
killed leader for what game listen Terry
guy for what game then what game no
sixties big no I miss Maggie yeah
yes thank you every my onesie we're
rotating now because it's really comfy
it's my night I wear the onesie three or
four nights in a row and then it's like
when you're wearing the onesie you don't
even need other blankets it keeps you
warm itself
I was so toasty and warm we usually
sleep with three blankets I had one
blanket on yeah I'm feeling good but
every night that I've worn it all three
or four nights I've gotten up in the
middle of the night and started walking
in my sweetie did and I woke up once and
I'm like babe what are you doing he's
like I might come back to bed music come
back to bed freaks me out every time
seriously every single night that I've
worn the onesie I have this I remember
guys walking around
that's like by your side of the bed I
was holding a knife and I was like where
it now I feel like it's curse take it
I'll get him it I don't want to stab you
in your sleep
I know I didn't have it I made up the
knife part it's too big for you
that's your dance how about you dancing
you with us on no it's cursed now I got
to take it off okay oh wow
you're completely red now maybe it is
cursed you're making
get up
kill them with the camera yeah sorry
little guy
but Jenica doesn't like you look how
small it is compared to my foot is that
anything to be afraid of oh my god it's
like the special cameras at the Super
Bowl coming in on the ball look at that
good
I gotta clean that camera my friend last
night posted this to my facebook you say
great energy on the stage just now
because I look like Bruno Mars
definitely don't look like Bruno Mars
but I do know who does my buddy Alex the
Grizz eh-eh-eh
I need to cut my hair I probably won't
cut it for like two more weeks because I
just lazy slash busy and I don't know
what to do with it I kind of want to
change it up a bit think about maybe
getting something like this like longer
on top short on the sides
that's longer no no no that's like Jimmy
Neutron
maybe I should buzz it or should I grow
it at again just like how I would I want
to change my hair crazy you don't like
it I don't wanna change my hair crazy
Jenica wants to cut her hair like this
no I don't know I'm saying I said she
should buzz it no I know I buzz my hair
ever what do you want to do with it I
just wanna cut smell off I know what I
want to do with it
should Jenica cut her hair what do you
guys think should I come ere should I do
something different different with it
that sounds really weird for me to ask
but what do you think as I was watching
back to vlog yesterday I was thinking
some of you guys must be like I would
tanyka what you put that in the video or
doing a little first of all she agreed
to that second of all that is why I love
her because she is amazing she doesn't
care she is awesome she is beautiful I
approved because it's real life I happen
to be waxing my upper lip unfortunately
I have to do that exactly and you know
what I've been a lot of you women out
there do it I was the first time I did
it in front of them guys this baby's
bottom don't be ashamed if you have a
little tournament
although we always should be didn't we
do some people may not realize they do
check it out in the mirror just in case
tomorrow we might do me because I need
to get rid of it hurt so bad
can I put me wax your lip I don't know
about that
let's just do one little piece and see
if it works then it would grow back and
even it goes back already I think it
would rip her hair out it's too coarse
however if your soul patch out no I'm
going for that polenta no no for the
Olympics Jenica can't get enough I'm
terrible hate this game I don't know I
play it I hate it with a passion Trevor
from couple vloggers told me that he
installed the game played it twice and
then uninstalled it that's how fast he
was done with it come on Trevor
reinstall it you know you want to play
it you know you want to beat my high
score which one ever he's being a turd
I'm not a turn around let's see who's
winner of the night bring it do this a
champion will be thrown today as we go
to bed good night moon here goes my
first way into the first round
Foster Foster on the offense
she celebrated to earlier the winner
good night to everyone I'm going to
sleep a winner yes until I look forward
tonight because that's what losers like
on the floor love being the winner of
something may not want a floppy bird but
I want a rock paper scissors didn't I
think about YouTube fan
to a cow rollin to the cloud ha you
already know yeah like three or four
colors in the couple wat me so my toes
in the lake
