Mike you just won the Superbowl what are
you gonna do next I'm gonna go to
Disneyland Oh
hey do you use pain okay I'm not ashamed
I'm lying
you don't even much - okay well at least
I'm taking care of things I wasn't lying
when I said beauty is paying people I
accidentally left the wax to hot on my
skin and it burned my lip tore guys you
gotta appreciate those girls who put in
the extra effort I mean I'm not much of
a girly girl but you know I know and I
need to take care of some things that
kinda hurts here this better lighting to
see the burn so I've literally been
cleaning all day long I don't even know
what time it is what time is it I just
finished I just had the vacuum it feels
so good I'll let him do its homework he
didn't have to clean today he did dry
the dishes thank you I mean our house is
like kind of dark and stuff so just
looks kind of dirty but it's clean
there's nothing on this chair I feel
like I look at watch all our vlogs and
there's always a pile of clothes on that
chair and I clean the whole kitchen
booth back we swept I never sweep I hate
sweeping I just want a vacuum that can
vacuum over carpet and laminate floors
one day I will get one I clean the
bathroom I clean the toilet the only
thing I didn't come with a shower I'll
do that later or I'll make Sam do that
burn my lip super fun yeah I even
organized Sam's packing room
quote-unquote stacked all his crap over
there this is the one pile of clothes he
still needs to hang up you can walk in
here for the first time in months a lot
of you have been wondering where Sam's
room checks have been he hasn't been
doing them in a while
I'll do it for you clean clean clean
clean clean clean clean that's just
dirty basketball clothes clean clean
clean clean you just have to put some
clothes away on the bed but I did find
that he's still using this little box as
his clothes - should we see how much
closes in there
so technically that would be on the
floor over there if he wasn't stashing
it in that bin but that's okay I
wouldn't have that if it's all on the
floor but today was a successful day
yeah tell me where you get that body
from
I know where you get that body from oh
my goodness that van it's in with the
snow oh yeah Lois smell like a dog peed
there girl I don't even care about the
pain it's yellow like o MJ ill so guys
there's a TV show called food court Wars
and they're filming it just down the
street from where we live today we might
not stay for the whole thing we're gonna
go check it out because like they say to
bring a book or something to do I don't
know if we want to sit there for hours
but we just want to go see you know
what's going on see if Giada is there
she's not there but like Billy play
Bobby play you know shut out the Bowie
Flay so we're just gonna see how the
crowd is there's a lot of people and if
we want to stick around guys I'm not
supposed to be filming this there's the
restaurants there's a security guard
that's making people stop filming but
Jen's standing in front of them the Chi
restaurants facing off are submarino's
and Molly's bakery and what is it
there's a really nice bakery I mean I
don't get it
what Super Bowl number is this 48 Super
Bowl xlviii yeah versus Broncos got
alright guys heard I formation
right down the middle let's do it on
three one two three go
I'm really excited about tonight's game
wish you the best of luck you twice
they're all things go well a great
program guys we we're on a football team
in the country I can't pick anybody if I
pick the worst how does that feel this
comfy interesting sup guys
Tyler's walking in right now I think so
I just met Tyler Florence if you can
call that meeting someone he's really
annoyed by me
I'm sure barely any one's come up to him
so he's probably not annoyed yeah he was
walking around and like no one was
really recognizing him and Jen just
bought this bears beanie this is who I
support in the Super Bowl yeah maybe
next year I gotta keep my allegiance not
wearing your Broncos gear let's get the
yellow beanie and snowing Hot Cheetos
and takis
we are trying the famous talkies I don't
know if you guys have seen the music
video hot cheetos in tact
Hot Cheetos and takis you can catch me
in the hood
I love how she goes so does Jen but we
wanted to try talkies because I don't
think we ever have great you tone - yeah
you challenge first
how's it going like sourness to it it's
like the insides all lemon lime and
outsides all chili this spicy yeah see
you got a little punch in the face by
the lime tickles your tongue a little
bit my pre-dinner snack above of be
enough um berries how about strawberries
like good ones for a while so I'm really
excited that they had some this kid may
like hot cheetos and not really talkies
hot cheetos and bad things like that but
he also really loves fresh produce which
is a happy medium
I'll take it no better mo better tell me
something better
it's first time in Hawaii mo bettah is
how is it it's not very good chicken
very good steak how do you feel about
the brown rice to that girl this dog
can't be beat
we came out with her this dog thinks
ahead of you
is that the buns you want in the pants
what are you doing would you like that
oh yeah oh yeah I feel fun you guys know
what's deadly having a basket full of
candy and stuff
we just found a sack full of candy that
we had from Christmas and we put it in
there and every time I walk by I'm like
I don't even like candy that much I do
like candy but I'm not like candy more
than chocolate candy use charge no I
like like candy candy
yeah I like sour stuff more than
chocolate what about you guys do you
prefer like getting chocolate bars or
something like sour patch kids
watermelon watermelon sour patch kids
those are ball has anyone watching this
vlog ever eaten a high chew I think
they're an Asian candy but they have
like mango all these different flavours
in there so it's like almost like eating
real fruit not really but it's candy
fruit it's really good so we've been
hanging out with friends all day because
we got friends in town we went to the
place where they were filming the TV
show but decided not to wait in line
forever to be in it you guys have a
little clip or the guy walked by me to
host the show he was also the host of
great American food truck race he's on
the Food Network all the time Tyler
Florence nice guy I probably annoyed him
though he was nice enough to say what's
up man girls tonight supposedly did this
little test to see how many kids you're
gonna have and what they're gonna be and
Jenica got boy girl girl boy for kids oh
the last two possibly twins I don't know
what they were doing some sort of old
wives tale the pencils string I don't
know I feel about that
what's up guys just got home from work
it's actually Monday but there's a
Saturdays vlog I'm gonna edit really
quick and
upload Jenica is making no blow back but
I wanted to show you my floppy bird
score because I told you guys I would
get past when I was before and then no
one will be my new high score if you
look at my high scores right now you got
me with a score of 59 baby you see that
50 months my goal is to get to a hundred
and then I might just retire I got to
play for like 25 minutes today at work
while I was waiting for someone to show
up can you be 59 I don't think so
I don't think you can I think you can I
can't but you can see about that anyways
hope you guys like that yeah
- a cow rolling through the snow you are
ready go yeah like three or four colors
and the couple was me so my toes in the
Chris
