happy Super Bowl Sunday YouTube fam
today is the Super Bowl and it is the no
it's a CX rest of the Broncos but Jenica
is a loyal Bears fan wearing her bears
gear today this is home routine for the
Super Bowl which means no one disk'
maybe next year who do you want to win
Oh for reals um probably see how it's
just because we know people on the team
yeah
I'm torn I do you like painting but we
do know two players on the Seahawks
Bobby Wagner and Robert Urban so sweet
yeah play basketball yeah Utah State
come to Utah State whoa
and bears nation bear down
so as you guys know one Sundays we
usually go to church and relax a little
bit so we do a little get a one take
what is it get a one take get a one take
get a one take get a one site get a one
take again a one take is when it's like
a one take but there might be some clips
from throughout the day ill except maybe
not today yeah this one really might be
just a one two yeah well I mean we turn
off the camera turn back on that's what
I mean by it's not a real one take yeah
if I'm like like this Super Bowl xlviii
yeah versus Broncos you got so guys
we've officially been flying for one
month it's been a month but some of you
guys probably don't even know how we
started logging I was forced we were
forced I was forced we were forced I was
forced how did we start blogging well
the holster and laughs for a camera bag
for Christmas and I got a camera instead
she asked for a camera bag her brother
gave her a camera and said look at this
I spent a little bit of money you better
start walking
and I didn't want to but we started
vlogging so literally we started
vlogging the new year yeah without even
really planning on it no yeah we're just
turn into it a little bit and now a
month later we have 500 subscribers that
means that more than one of you enjoy
watching these videos yeah so one month
500 subscribers we decided hey let's
give month to a try
let's do another month well doing
another month guys should we do another
month no I can't say that cuz you
already said you were doing a year yeah
we're actually trying to do a year but
this whole month we want to see how did
it go and it was pretty fun so we're
gonna keep doing it was it was fun I'm
okay that my brother forced me into it
now what has been your favorite vlog so
far her moment
um I think be able to go back to the
ultrasound even though I have a
horrendous double chin and it still
makes me laugh is part of that banana'
like all the time this week I like the
basketball game cuz I feel like you
could just like feel the excitement
through the screen you could actually
kind of feel how we were feeling there
that was pretty funny
so yeah guys we've been vlogging for a
month we got a couple new subscribers
what's up guys and uh we're gonna keep
volume ah we've really enjoyed meeting
new people and chatting with you guys
even though I'm really bad commenting I
do like your guys's comments but it's
really fun interacting at the guys so
Titans shear 11 commented on the videos
and said that they were the 500
subscriber Hey so the Superbowl starting
soon we're going over to hang out with
some friends and watch the game they are
diehard Seahawks fans from Washington so
it'll be the Sea Hawks Nest most likely
we're gonna eat some good food do you
guys do anything for Super Bowl Sunday
you watch it with your family friends
what do you guys eat wings dip artichoke
yeah we're bringing some cheese and
chili dip that we're gonna make
I've been cooking some chicken in the
crock-pot okay maybe you don't watch the
Super Bowl maybe you watch the Super
Bowl for the commercials maybe you watch
it for Bruno Mars in the halftime show
maybe you watch the Puppy Bowl instead
maybe you don't even care and you're
about to turn off this vlog because it
stinks
most likely the Super Bowl is already
over so you already know who won what'd
you guys eat I want to know cuz I love
food my favorites a little Smokies side
note maybe you guys played flappy bird
on the iPhone Android or maybe it's an
iPad 2 it's terrible the game basically
is you're clicking your thumb making a
bird go up and down up and down as you
touch it and needs to go through all the
pipes but it's kind of really hard and
it's so frustrating the most basic
annoying frustrating game that exists
yeah you guys should try it it's free
but it's kind of a big what's your head
score 5 mine's only 16 if any of you
guys can beat 16 post a photo or
something in the comments because I want
to see it by the time that this video is
watched by you I guarantee I'm farther
than 16 I bet you guys can't beat me
I have faith in you guys get past five I
can't beat you but they can anyways we
have a fun vibe coming for you guys
tomorrow that happened yesterday we met
someone famous who do you think it was
I'll just have to wait till tomorrow we
love you guys
happy Super Bowl Sunday
