hey guys is my Josh grobin cover of
shaycarl covering princess start
covering do you want to build a snowman
do you want to build us
dude so what's it like to be famous and
on YouTube I guess it's cool not things
people want more of you and the videos
that's like you think on my jacket yeah
take it off hey cutie hi cutie my sister
I showed this a long time ago in one of
the Christmas vlogs during Christmas she
had gotten us a little baby outfit and
this was the little boy one and she gots
a little girl one in case it was a girl
and so we'll probably just keep that one
until we eventually have a girl but
we're so excited to have this little
outfit and then our sweet friends try
and Joanie they live above above us
they've been in a few of our vlogs hey
guys these little shoes and they go so
cute with the little outfit that we
already have boy clothes are so adorable
I've literally been on like H&M calm and
all these stores looking at boy clothes
cuz I'm just so excited having a boy and
the clothes are so cute for boys I was
trying to show them to Sam but he's not
very interested in to the clip in the
clothes yet I probably just want to get
them Jordan clothes or something we're
so excited to have our little alien baby
boy video games and athletes like Bowl
or something it's gonna be a bowl that's
good I canceled do they choose to do
what's up YouTube fam today is the
Chinese New Year I knew how to say that
in Chinese I would do it
go see BOTS hi happy Chinese New Year
I'm wearing in Asian like shirt I think
it's more Japanese it's like the lucky
waving cat maybe it's Chinese too
I don't know we're gonna go with sushi
which is also kind of Japanese and
Chinese gosh I need to get my Japanese
Chinese history figured out we're gonna
get some sushi in the celebrate the
Chinese New Year the sushi isn't really
Chinese I don't think they're Japanese I
didn't really that's why you miss
resonated in Chinese no I did not
registered I pretty much didn't I
haven't won this year in like three or
four months what's that
you sure okay thumbs up I didn't choose
the thug life thug life chose me
yourself killed guys check it out work
of art pregnant women shouldn't eat
sushi ladies and gentlemen we meet again
look at the Pinewood Derby floor talk
about dirty beautiful and shines with
turpentine oh and and who is this guys
it was another ball night three ball
nights in one week can you believe it
it's because I got friends in town and
my friends come in town
ladies hanging together and the boys go
play ball this situation right here
it's gross it means it's time to get a
haircut so guys I was watching a video
today and it had me thinking I think I
have a couple tips for Karen and Trevor
in their wedding in the future I was
watching a wedding video and I was like
gosh we should have done our wedding
this same exact way so I think the next
best thing is for Trevor and Karen to
incorporate these ideas into their
wedding oh definitely I'm going to show
you guys what I'm talking about the best
idea ever ever ever first off you need
to incorporate lots of fireworks and a
red carpet and a big goofy fireworks so
close that yep a little man needs to
move him for you whoa there we go hello
and make sure it's in a basement yeah
make sure this is all happening indoors
whoa look at that face right there okay
let's keep the camera rolling the next
step is to almost at the bride in the
face with the cork Wow oh there we go
for the drinks
look now and the drinks over that's
awesome music plays yeah you gotta keep
that flu rolling awkward sip in three
two one
mmm it's time to dispose of those cups
what do you say let's go oh don't give
you guys a wider gaiter boot there we go
part three look as uncomfortable as
possible well it's time to bust out the
roman candle anytime you see a guy with
a cigarette in the back of his ear you
know you're in for a good time you know
this guy's probably the best man this
guy with the cigarette in the back of
his ear yeah
scared oh man this is all part of the
wedding ceremony and have the people who
are helping with the roman candle have
no idea what they're doing exactly they
have no idea of a candle to Grandpa
inside and a lot of just wave up Yahtzee
there we go
step three of your wedding day is almost
complete fire those aroma candles off
inside the house to a grandpa who just
doesn't give a crap about anything well
this clearly does not care about
anything
fearless fire yes I'm guessing the guy
with the cigarette also set up the
tables buzz berries so if you want a
successful wedding follow all of those
steps there you have it trevor and Karen
three steps they'll help you to have the
most successful inglorious Widow it'll
be beautiful beautiful trust me you'll
live tonight
literally did you see the faces of those
people they were just having a wonderful
time except for maybe you could have
crazy cousins like throwing the candles
you guys so there you go you're welcome
guys
how cute is rock tard I feel like
Jessica and I gonna have maybe a rock
card combo going huh no no no I hope
that I would love it rock cards Chris
I'm probably not but I mean seriously I
mean he kind of looks like he could be
related to you okay I guess not you
ready for someone to say hi dad
yeah that's like three years away isn't
it two and a half I don't know
hey guys is my Josh Groban cover of
shaycarl covering princess start
covering do you want to build a snowman
do you want to build us No
do you want to build a snowman so yeah
guys I got friends in town I got some
boys in town some boy friends that
sounds funny
see you later vloggers we will see you
tomorrow we love you good see you later
guys
