first off I wanted to apologize to
anyone that watches our vlog because
I've been so busy the past two days
yesterday I was just taking in
everything and I had so much to do at
night that I did not edit the vlog that
was for yesterday until way late got a
way late Trevor from couple vloggers had
just post he's like dude I thought you
were dead I was like me too
because yesterday was even tonight I
just got home at like I don't know 10
o'clock and I just edited the vlog
really quick it's exporting but it's
those 31 minutes and it's gonna be done
then it's gonna take another like 20
minutes to upload I'm sorry I'm sorry
but it's worth it I think I don't know I
threw it all together so hopefully it
looks good anyway Krista he knows the
way to my heart and that's through my
belly and chips so anyways we're so
excited that we're having a little boy
sorry the vlog is sitting up late it's
just been crazy he's still very very
excited as am i but we're really excited
to start buying a little boy things he
told me Jen if this is a boy we have to
go buy some baby j's or something so we
got the little Jordan kit that we showed
you even though they're not real Jordans
it's still cute also I suggested to Sam
that we may be considered cloth diapers
this is his reaction absolutely not
he says absolutely not doesn't even give
it a thought okay just absolutely not
around a child I'm not gonna name names
and nobody knows this child I couldn't
name a name and nobody would know who it
is let me just say that child has a
cloth diaper and constantly is pooping
and it smells so bad
it smells like any poopy diaper smells
bad though it's just so much more
affordable
I just wanna research into it I'm just
suggesting me looking into it
we saved like thousands of dollars I
don't want to be holding on to any
doodoo in the bag well you hold own to
do in the trash can
I'm not address gain I'm not putting a
dirty cloth whatever in my bag I'm gonna
take that diaper off wrap it up and
throw it away well yeah at least has to
consider and do really moms out there
have you had cloth diapers how'd it go
did you have disposable diapers out that
good do you want in your bag poop in
your bag you have a special bag that are
smell proof I don't want to grab a cloth
diaper and scrape out the feces Oh swing
it into the trash can No thank you for
the first year if I'm breastfeeding for
that long you don't need a scrape when
you do that's you know long oh my gosh
according to some sources the poop from
breastfeeding is like these are even
more absorbent than real diapers the
more blue cloth diaper experiment would
only last like a day and then she's like
all right reg throwing it up I just want
him to consider it as an option that's
all I'm asking yes he will do his
research and we will consider this
option because I'm the one carrying the
child hey guys I just spent on YouTube
all night cuz that's just what I always
do and I was like looking up videos
about you know just like everything baby
so like breastfeeding and things like
that and I came across the his
video about breastfeeding it's called
teach me how to breastfeed music and
it's so good it's so good
no but this video is hilarious I'll just
give you a little sneak peek teach me
how to breastfeed take me take me out of
those babies
guys dedication right here it is
midnight I got home late
I edited the vlog super quickly
uploading it right now and it was gonna
take like 40 minutes at home cuz it's a
longer vlog so I was like man I'm just
gonna run over to work because
Internet's super fast there it's taking
forever to process though so see this is
dedication for for everyone I just want
to get this vlog up I feel bad that I've
been slacking let's see it's been
processing forever it's just 2 minutes
remaining two minutes and this vlog is
up you've probably already seen it I'm
man I can't get over yesterday it was
such a good day and I really just wanted
to get this ball up I've been slacking
it's been laid-up loads but that's
because my wife has just been it's been
crazy I've been busy I've been really
busy with school work and everything so
I hope you guys were able to watch it
I'm sorry for the late upload but hey
it's up guys it's snowing I have my
laptop sitting there uploading this baby
and processing that's what I call the
hashtag vlog life vlog life baby gotta
give this vlog up anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog if you haven't
watched it yet I hope you enjoy it
Jenica and I had a great day it's one of
those surreal days I've had like many
best days of my life one of them was
getting married one of them was finding
out that we're having a baby yesterday
finding out that we're having a boy was
another best day of my life I think
you're gonna have multiple best days of
your life you know those days that just
peak above everything else there's so
much better than any other day you've
ever had that's what yesterday was I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and if
you haven't seen it yet I hope you enjoy
it anyways I will see you guys later
