well guys today is the day so where are
we going we're going to see what a baby
is
did you sleep well um kind of I woke I
was up late but then once it was time to
sleep I was out then I woke up an hour
early and just tossed and turned for a
while my alarm went off no drinking
water and preppin yeah I did some
movement okay around wake up baby wake
up one 16.9 fluid ounce bottle down I
can drink full here we go this is crazy
we're leaving in just a couple minutes
get there early so we're gonna sit there
for like 30 minutes until we get
actually helped out and met but it's all
part of the process
so I don't know how much we're actually
gonna be able to film because my sister
told me lots of times they don't let you
from a lot of stuff and if you guys just
watched Casey and Kiwis well I really
went to the doctor and had an ultrasound
they really weren't able to feel that
much so three we might cut to something
really big right now it's snowing coming
down it's coming down so where we going
we're going to see what up baby is okay
well we're checking to see if it's
healthy but we're gonna find out the
gender honestly I'm pretty sure it's a
girl I wouldn't mind a boy but I have a
feeling it's a girl so if they say it's
a boy then I probably won't believe it
not they say if it's a girl you won't
believe it cuz know
no but it is but it is but it is if they
say boy right off the bat I'm not gonna
believe it and be like no it's not a boy
because I'm like pretty sure it's a girl
pretty sure it's a girl if it's why
that's exciting too
I'm excited for either one can you tell
how excited I am
of course it's snowing well guys here we
go
can you tell what it is pretty easily
like positively oh my gosh I'm the last
Anderson and my family that takes that
so much pressure
oh oh that's so no one's gonna believe
that I'm the only person that thought it
was a boy no yeah girl I'm shocked so
crazy to me yeah every oh my goodness
hopefully those are athletes in US oh
wow
the miracle of life I'm shocked I'm
seriously shocked I cannot believe that
guys I'm not shocked at all you also
decided with my beginning I was
definitely a wiener that dope sensor
definitely I know you didn't want to
show his face while we were looking
every time they put it on his face would
turn around yeah used to that camera
real quick
Wow our moms were so certain it was girl
doesn't knew the whole time I did it I
thought I was a girl this morning when I
woke up I knew for sure what was going
down I celebrated this morning and I was
like yep I was a girl our moms are not
gonna believe us go Sue's Sam's mom and
told me it texted me a lot yesterday I
was like don't let Sam tease me and
she's gonna think it's easier yeah I
don't think they're gonna believe us but
and who did she say determines if it's a
boy or a girl really knew the boy that's
why everyone should have sided with me
in the first place a little mama's boy
big job yes seriously we only had like
girl names and not because we thought it
was a girl Jenna thought it was a girl
but it's like all the names you had
actually was thinking about a girl -
girl names yesterday I was like those
names would be awesome so now we got to
start brainstorming
hashtag teen boy you really kind of tier
enough I was because I was shocked even
before it even before we knew it was you
really know cuz you got I got to see the
baby yeah moving around like his dad
that's for sure I was a lot more nervous
for our first ultrasound just because
everyone's always like blah blah blah
this one I was like excited I was ready
to go yeah heard the heartbeat but the
baby like always moving around it was
like la here except she couldn't get it
because of all the sound waves yeah he's
well they just blast it with the like
waves and he's probably late yo chill
out bro he's just chillin in there
dancing like it's bad he's like going
crazy can I forget him some J's I can't
believe it
I still cannot believe it we're having a
boy a boy I am in shock still even
though there's clearly a wiener in that
picture I am shocked
our family is not going to be really
quiet so take a chill plane now that
worked out we can go crazy my gosh she's
so excited to have a boy look at this
look at this and that's how the baby
moves inside of me just like that he
gets it from his father no one is gonna
believe us no one not at first are you
boy yeah yeah but there's a problem
we both go I just wanna do that
when we first like got pregnant I was
like oh I think it's a boy like I just
really thought it was a boy it sounds
like a dream like
your dreams it was a boy and but we just
really thought I really thought it was a
boy but then all of our family members
like oh no it's a girl it's a girl it's
a girl and so I kind of let myself
singles girl and then I honestly thought
it was gonna be a girl
like I was anytime someone inside of the
girl no I'm just letting ya I was just
like no I really thought it was gonna be
a girl I'm like so excited because I
thought it was gonna be a boy in the
very beginning oh I can't even I can't
talk anymore now that I think of names
no boy name we only came up with girl
name those only means that Kate they
came to us because you can create so
many different girl names Leticia
Leticia like a salad - and Latoya a lot
were yeah and then the boy name is like
wait I honestly have no idea what we're
naming this kid no idea no idea no idea
it's gonna be fun I'm so excited oh my
god Thank You Batman Anderson I'm so
excited tell everyone she's gonna pick
up yeah Oh how's the how's your day mom
mom no mom I were argue right now I
tried to call the house and you didn't
pick up okay well are you ready I was
shocked I was shocked everybody else
like it out there it's time to bust up
the boys you can call us back later and
we can scream together
why are our parents answering like
they're busy with wives there's
something yeah it's like the world
doesn't revolve around our cold it was a
girl but it's it's definitely a boy well
we're gonna go eat lunch we'll call you
back later
hey we'll talk tomorrow maybe it's a boy
I don't know we just wanna like no we
just want to like dwell on it boys about
to take over this family he's so excited
yeah
we're currently at our little cash value
mall Bernie go look a little Jordans for
babies well BJ's yo it's a little kid's
closet little kids you know thing that's
kind of big but someday we're officially
having a boy like a little mini MJ
through your nose huh go now she went
the other day I know his act didn't have
room for and she was like really upset
so I said hey go buy some nail followers
or whatever the heck you need nail
polish and you just have a grand old
time at home and just make those nails
look good
and it was quarter of the price yeah
well name him Derrick Jordan Anderson so
my mom texted me and she's like my
grandpa's been really sick we're kind of
it's been an off-and-on he's been really
really sick lately just kind of like of
old age you know he's about to turn 90
years old my mom just texted me in an
inn he sleeps most of the day now hey
guys today is one of those real days
that's like everything else that's
happening in the world and everywhere
else like doesn't even matter cuz all we
can think about is how excited we are to
know that we're having a little baby boy
Jenica is late for class I'm late kind
of late for class I don't know we just
can't we seriously cannot stop smiling
today it's been so fun to share our news
we are so excited I don't know it just
it became so much more real today every
time you go into an ultrasound and you
see that baby moving it's unbelievable
it's like spiritual it's it's the
miracle of life if you haven't
experienced it you know it's something
you will experience and
if you have you know what I'm talking
about it's just unbelievable I love it I
don't know I can't even describe it it's
so cool take care of that little boy
I've just been sitting in the car for
the best like 30 45 minutes just
thinking about this kid I can't get over
it
it's like so real now I'm so excited I
was think about like the camp outs and
the fishing and playing basketball and
going to sports events and school and
whatever like man I'm not even the
parent yet I mean I'm kinda cuz like the
he's alive but it's just so crazy to
think about I'm so excited can't wait
for this like next stage in my life to
be in it's gonna be crazy it's gonna be
hard at times but I can tell it's gonna
be worth it
