guys it's been a productive morning the
heater and garbage disposals are fixed
my hair
our landlord was super nice he came over
this morning and just looked at a couple
things I think I could have done a lot
of it myself
sometimes you don't want to risk messing
things up so and now Tenneco is gonna be
really happy and a happy wife is a happy
life
remember that fellas guys this morning I
woke up I felt dead I like could barely
open my eyes I had to like literally be
like but anyways I'm feeling so much
better now that everything's fixed I
talked to my four-year-old nephew please
his fourth birthday I can't believe how
much time flies it seems like he was
just born the other day and had enough
to work and that lunch were getting
crepes and hot chocolate so it's gonna
be a good day yo what's up I'm back for
round two macdaddy yo hope the creeper
this is always kind of hard to figure
out 10 for $15
am I getting a good deal no except for
$15 she's gonna calculate that math in
their head so hard this is the get
excited about tomorrow because you to
find out the agenda of the baby jiggle
in there make sure it's legs are open
yeah well you better find out tomorrow
you needed me I'll go get a coke if I
have to
is that something people do yeah
seriously caffeine make some hyper is
that sure people drink dr. pepper and
coke to get the baby moving yes well
don't drink it because it's caffeine it
makes the booze heart rate faster 60
cents go buy a coke welcome to dinner
with the Andersons hmm
so guacamole was on sale today they like
handmade walk more this isn't just like
preservative one more bath guacamole
ever it was on super sale so we we're
gonna leave one and then have some other
stuff but we're already going through
the second lap baby like I love
guacamole and mashed potatoes yo what's
up YouTube fans tonight was yeah tonight
it's gonna be boy I miss it it's a girl
yeah it's gonna be a boy it's gonna be a
boy
little fuzzy coolie on candy crush level
30 7 pretty excited about that haven't
quite open up the owl levels they Sam
keeps raving about you don't have access
to Elgin
guys the owl levels don't know how I
feel about him sometimes owl he'd be
your best friend or your worst enemy
yes by candy crush you know what I'm
talking about well a senator guess
tomorrow what's happening where girl boy
full time I didn't either but just
because do you take my answers no no no
no no no no no no Mike it's a boy hands
down it's a boy I'm gonna coach it in
Little League baseball yeah there I'm
always at the grocery store that's why
having a pregnant wife does for you sort
the laundry man right now I'm catching
up on vlogs are now watching a couple
vloggers from today
what's up Trevor and Jenica is watching
it tape what up J bugs it's almost
midnight
this place closes at midnight we're
literally gonna be done on the dot then
we gotta go to bed because in nine hour
nine and a half hours we'll be heading
no nine hours we'll be heading to the
doctor's office
an ultrasound to find out if we having a
boy or girl I only said that a million
times that's because we are so excited
yigit day long mocking her now did you
Matthew mocking me about loose you
didn't think it was cool till I did it
that's what's up yeah dude you got more
hello the rhythm that I do the longest
time this was Jenna cos go to move she
saw John Wall do this when he was coming
out for basketball show that's what you
could always do yeah put a little more
into still eight they have this bin of
lost socks I don't know I'm not like a
foot person he person so I don't think I
can ever go through that link to my
socks I'd be kind of grossed out even
though they're clean just kind of gross
to me this is what happens when you're
in school and work all day
places lots of clothes this also happens
with Jenica the last-minute goes I need
clothes it's like Christmas night
no Christmas Eve I'm so excited about
tomorrow morning I'm just glad that it's
an early appointment now we get to go
early find out the beach it's not Sam
feels about it
we all know how much you guys love those
dance moves so the heater is fixed but
Jenica felt so comfortable last night
but she's back in the onesie now I know
why everyone gets onesies now you know
why they made Snuggies my mom bought a
Snuggie and I tried it on once and like
it wasn't the same material like this is
really soft yeah this is right
so soft that's right her snow you just
wasn't it was kind of like rough now
what kind of jealous is there any room
in that onesie for me guys when does
eating healthier vegetables become
unhealthy immediate cucumber a dippy
enriched okay nope it tastes really good
I guess what's better than eating fries
and to be gettin rich yeah so today I
had an idea I was like I'm gonna post a
picture and just tell people were gonna
find out about the baby tomorrow so I
photoshopped this picture it's hard to
see it but it's me and Jenica in New
York and we're holding miniature me it
was funny enough that this is the text
that Jenica sent me this is pretty much
how all of our conversations go someone
says something and then hahaha alright
so I said that in the vlog I would give
someone a shout-out if they guessed
Jen's ethnicity right well none of you
guys got it right it was even close
I guess it was kind of cold some of you
guys were kind of close it's kind of
funny some of the answers you guys got I
mean I could totally understand why
you're saying the things you're saying
too funny enough
Jenica actually can't speak any Spanish
but I can doesn't really make sense but
that's how it is let's look at some of
the things you guys said I got Brazilian
or Mexican Brazilian Spanish European
Mexican Spanish Mexican Salvador and
Guatemala Honduran Brazilian Filipino
Mexican another Mexican Mexico
Portuguese let's see what else
Hispanic or Mexican Cuban Cuban anyways
majority of you guys said that she was
from Mexico Brazilian something like
that so where is she from so Jenn nobody
got it right except actually since this
vlog is going up super late
Sierra guessed it right yeah so what are
you well okay so my dad's from Argentina
but his he's it's Italian descent
so he's Italian Argentine but my mom is
white and Native American TVD Native
American
yeah no I am we just know how much you
have half Caucasian half Argentine
basically so Sierra guessed I was in
time you heard guests came in a little
late yeah those guys like Hispanic are a
lot in like thick though laughter I mean
yeah I guess I need to be more specific
so there you have it today is Wednesday
I actually know if the baby's a boy or
girl already I already know what the
results are but you guys won't find out
till Thursday unless you follow me on
Instagram and if you follow me on
Instagram and you already know Shh keep
it a secret
anyways we love you guys so yeah guys
I'm gonna edit yesterday's vlog really
quick throw it up tonight because I was
busy literally all day just got back
from my inner mirror best ball game and
then you'll have another vlog coming
later today Thursday so it's me like two
blogs in one day and you're gonna find
out if it's a boy or girl or should I
tell you right now all right I'll tell
you it's uh
