daddy's home have your hands on your
eyes close your eyes did I bring you a
surprise oh I'm actually wearing makeup
for the first time in what feels like
mmm-ma more um this morning is my friend
Monica's baby shower I was so excited
that we were gonna be out here soon
enough to mean it go so I'm gonna drop
Noah off with her husband Elliot and
they're gonna hang out I wasn't shot
both of them off but I was like PJ poops
or something I think I like would
totally freak out
so I'm gonna take her with me you're not
fun huh whatever you're so excited they
just like want to go right now and it's
too early but they're our friends
we're just going for them to be okay
fancies baby shower I've ever been to
I know so cutely they're making a quick
stop at urban necessities to sneaker
shop there's actually like a crane game
key machine thing in there that you
could try and win sneakers that are
really high-priced up to like 5,000
6,000 7,000 8,000 dollars so let's see
what happens
we just stop saying that when I run into
I just
what
like a sneaker shop
oh these are like like these
watch out Ian's gonna put the whole game
over man intensities let's go baby what
do we have here
she was terrified of it did not want it
Monica's mom made all of this even the
paper she made she said everything
everything
you let go it's this place called tacos
al forno tacos and the word though so
this was recommended to us I got Joe D
so the day glad that you got some more
across the Atlantic
soon a pi√±a colada format when iam go
tacos are Gordo tacos are good point six
serves on Google beat the elevator
cilantro so
guacamole like pico de gallo kind of
thing
okay we just got caught in our first
haboob a bow no it's called the boo I
don't know oh my shoes I'm breaking out
like a freakin teenager right now
Oh stress dust storm her boob is a dust
storm we're we were getting on the bike
rides too hot so we went to the pool and
it was fun we we I met Sam Matt on our
first day here second day here I don't
really know he met a really nice family
at the pool when he was just driving by
and then I've seen her a few times as
well the family and they were at the
pool it was fun to chat with them and
next she introduced me to feel the
people from the neighborhood so friendly
and I'm glad we live here
and everyone that I met they both they
all had two kids booing girl and roughly
the same ages as smell piano some of
them the exact same ages that's gonna
help you know so it's really fun just
now everyone in the pool in Philly just
like oh yeah I think we're - huh boob
right now I think we should cool and
head home it was a so dusty my eyes are
a little dusty they're all seeing like
allergies out here like really bad we'll
probably all have bad allergies but who
knows anyway we're gonna get cleaned up
rinse off probably just put pajamas on
honestly and then have some dinner
hi for the main event Mayweather vs. my
girly kind of a joke we had to watch it
I'm gonna die
this kid throws the ball in a spiral
every time we're the other ball go every
single time was like a bullet you guys
it's Abby throws it better than me like
I'm not even joking
good job BJ oh you're doing so good you
came in so oh good oh oh she's trying so
hard put here put here and put it on top
like that
see no one's making you over okay
daddy's hands on your eyes close your
eyes did I bring you a surprise okay
there's this first Oh who's this first
sure you can help ease first her nose
okay okay
no wha ready he's been really obsessed
with airplanes and white white and it
comes with epi so much Chuck
Danny of his car any u-kiss airplane
over give me a hug look you say to Daddy
Wow and your sisters Oh jamika
love you so much pizzas close your eyes
how's your
close your eyes your eyes close your
eyes I have a surprise for you ready
nothing sissy Katie thank you Dad yeah
she's no one we let go around thanks dad
thanks dude give pepper hugs oh wow
dad is so nice to come home with bright
with presents oh yeah what a black light
flashlight look her let me see sis you
show me oh oh it's so pretty
do you like yours buddy are you so happy
we got the pickup geez boy old homes mom
never comes home from trips with prizes
only daddy ups me through what do we
take the planer and for you I I was meet
you thing by the American yeah I
wouldn't gotten mad I just was in like
every to do much money on home decor
okay we've met a lot lately so yes
where's PJ race meeting he
oh gosh
Sam decided to go ahead and buy a
freakin black light to go scorpion
hunting even though we are getting
sprayed tomorrow inside and outside and
he found one my plan I'm gonna take you
guys if you want to I'll do a video
exclusive vlog scorpion hunting we all
find them not just in our house we'll go
around the neighborhood oh gosh yeah see
this know anybody okay which is how easy
it is to spot they light up like the
night sky no joke isn't insane I have to
you what's that white thing right crazy
stay here said stay right there I cannot
believe you found work being that's
crazy
daddy kill it do it thank you
so that was the size of the one in our
house too so I guess we do have about
here one if there's any of those back
walls this battery's gonna die soon good
night
you got the fragment well once an
decides to I say the red Octobers
actually you the best chance of winning
value those aren't there this game
