as I'm taking a risk we're gonna have a
chicken tikka masala tomorrow and
instead of like cooking it on the stove
I decided to put it in the crock-pot
with the sauce I don't know it's already
pretty foggy and hazy in there but
hopefully it turns out we'll find out in
seven hours I'm attempting to make
Indian food today
and the whole house smells like curry so
I think step one is complete this is
what I got so far
ooh just fogging the camera right up
we'll see how it tastes though it's time
for a ghetto one take on the 16th Sunday
shout out to AP and his vlog so this is
how the meat turned out it was really
good I got a couple extra bags that I've
set up to eat later maybe for lunch
tomorrow or a little snack later tonight
we also made some naan bread and there's
some crescent rolls you never go wrong
with crescent rolls rice was a hit had
some friends over ate some linor
it was delicious I loved it Jen how was
the food really good it's so good it put
her straight in a food coma this is our
ghetto one tape ghetto one take goodra
Wooper we got home pretty late last
night we went to a basketball game it
was a black I'm gonna post all that
footage tomorrow and this is a really
big week for us because on Wednesday we
find out if our baby is a boy or a girl
a lot of you have already guessed I feel
like the majority of you are with
hashtag teen boy you know I'm saying we
are seriously so excited to find out
though if it's a girl I will be a static
the boy I'll be just as ecstatic I'll be
so happy
either way can't wait to find out
sleeping Jenica do you think it's a boy
or girl
so it's about that time of day we were
I've really gotten any sleep genic I've
barely gotten probably taking a little
nap on Sunday but you know a power nap
so we can make it a nice restful day
just like Sunday you know this is our
ghetto intake so there might be a little
clip later of us and the day before I
upload the video how you guys doing
how's your Sunday going do anything fun
today you go to church that little dance
that's was for you the Grizz aka kakie
so that's what's up get a one-take babe
it's 5:30 babe
apparently I fell asleep at the phone in
my hand what an interesting yep Sam
tends to fall asleep with as fun as him
because he's always shutting off his
alarm were pushing snooze for like five
or ten or 30 more minutes so that's
probably why it was in his hand I call
that multitasking in my sleep just
working in my sleep here's a sneak peek
at tomorrow's vlog I want to savor you
want a sweet
did you catch it if you haven't made a
guest head on if the baby is a boy or
girl feel free to do so in the comments
if you've already made a guess and you
changed your mind feel free to do so in
the comments
hashtag teen boy hashtag team either
hashtag team bully room update still
clean still clean still green anyways I
love Jenica I love the baby and I love
you guys see you tomorrow
happy Sunday peace
where's my wallet
