where's my wallet
it's a balmy nine degrees and the
sprinklers are on so look at that gotta
make sure the grass give covered and wet
so it's green in the spring really
though weather sprinklers on come on
that's crazy you see that mm-hmm yo
seriously though whose watering the
grass spine degrees it's 9 degrees
outside so what's worse a stinky burp or
a stinky fart
you know what I'm talking about ah
camera shy Hey
sticky Berber sticky part which is
better which is worse this is work well
thingy far sprite better a sticky 5
primary because I don't you really don't
know the taste of it man some stinky
burps whoo I just had a sushi chicken
fruit punch
well rap song burps up your nose like
and blows on your face you know you're
not gonna enjoy that Buttercup you're
nuts for a second like a taste of a fur
baby's mother laughs forever
man you have a stinky burp everyone's
taste in that stinky burp but give us
the fire give us the fire give a
speaking fire every taste next photo
about the burps when you have a good
meal and then you burp again and then it
tastes like the meal you say and it's
like yeah blamin yard happens me all the
time
a room-clearing fart is more common than
a room clearing bird but no pun intended
I had a scary dream last night that I
was pregnant and had a little boy how's
that scary well because I was a terrible
Montag teen boy I was I was a terrible
mother he didn't have a name I didn't
have diapers or wipes for him my birth
certificate was empty no I we just
didn't know yet we just didn't know what
to call him yet and it was really sad
but we were talking about how he look
like our niece
we're gonna let YouTube name our baby so
good guys it's not so good like
chick-fil-a chick-fil-a hey hey you guys
probably think we're fatties the truth
is I got to pregnant with we got two
pregnant women in the same room food
trucks how far along are you guys 14
let's be really good for taking pictures
come out
I have a question for you
what's worse if it's in your face as
stinky they're like if you were to burp
right now yeah where's the new partner
yeah oh man we talked about this I work
today I go with the fart that's worse
stinky fart to Bachchan the Shaytards
yes what's your favorite chicken rocked
our was my favorite sheets hard for the
longest time but I think Sun tart is now
because I kid is just a stud ready you
ready that's had three all right Paper
Scissors shoot I got in your head I knew
that one I knew that what I knew you
doing yes yes I knew exactly what you
think I knew exactly what she was doing
paper scissor shoot yes yes in her head
in her head I was really gonna do paper
and then I switched last minute I would
have won that round I'm being a
gentleman though whatever uses gloated
three-and-out okay I'll do one more one
more
we're not gonna get she says I can't do
five in Rio I'm no you're not forever
the winner guys we have great friends I
feel like some of you guys on YouTube
commenting and doing all that jazz are
becoming our friends too I feel like I'm
getting to know some of you so thank you
thanks for watching hope you guys had a
great Friday Saturday right now when
you're watching this but I hope your
Friday was great and they have a great
Saturday today who's
