the worst thing about having late class
on Thursday is by the time Thursday
rolls around I feel like that is Lyme
the most tired Thursday mornings are the
hardest to wake up just because I'm just
worn out from the week but the Sun being
a fool you it's 11 degrees she's me oh
my gosh good girl feel my heart it's
pounding he scared me i was counting
numbers I'm so scary well that voice you
use yes I'm just being proper excuse me
I didn't want to he's a guru use of deep
voice I want to alarm you you tried to
scare me you did that on purpose cuz you
got the camera to see my reaction my
back is in sore all day I just need to
crack it oh so I was just walking into
the art building from work cuz i have
lab hours now and literally saw some kid
in shorts a t-shirt and flip-flops it's
only 21 degrees out right now people are
crazy but one cool thing is my work is
in the glass case here on campus for
people to see cool go ahead there's my
stuff there was a dude perfect if we we
I'm at a gallery show
I'm an ego oh and it fell blitz holy cow
forgot about this game 30 yards needed
for a first down I seriously forgot
about that here we go oh my gosh so fast
oh jeez this game is great
this is such a good game yes I'm
bringing in blitz back yep I'm gonna
follow you don't care the people at all
someone go for a nap if you cannot see
you at all you should seriously just nap
in there no one will ever see you so at
one of the galleries tonight it was
supposed to be a poetry and like photo
gallery and you're able to like listen
to the people's poems them like reciting
the poems and on one it was rave music
and we thought it was hilarious because
we're like oh yeah this is a sweet show
if I it turns out that it wasn't
supposed to be playing music someone had
switched mp3 station hey we also think
this looks like a movie and Harry
Connick jr. ok editing in jimmy johns be
for us this has to give me four until
ten-thirty
it's a good it's a good buddy I'm going
for school it's the rain boys coming
down steep decide your body mama mine
much can shannon drown thank you thank
you very much so as a part of arts make
people are decorating these little
records I just have to come across this
one it's hilarious um free free foam
bless day 3 room tech war yeah still
clean oh stop youtube fam guess what I
got a Christmas present today this hat
right here 1992 NBA Finals chicago bulls
mitchell and ness I always make good
product should I keep the sticker on her
off oui si I'm fun I'm gonna take it off
do you like it thanks Haley this is our
first hug of the day and it's 1152 p.m.
and it's an awkward hug so there's some
games that are meant for men I'm just
kidding we making play fantasy football
you guys play fantasy football well this
is the trophy of our league right here
and a beautiful
I did not win this year I'm gonna ship
this Hawaii so the only year that I one
was in 2009 mighty name is BIC stocks
did it like big dogs like in homies not
as dogs I'm the og me I have rented a
doggg yes and I've been mixed on the
rear sense but you know I had a bad
season is here so i think i might have
to switch it up every year we try to add
an element to our fantasy football
league and this year having a
custom-made license plate holder that
says i finished last in my fantasy
football league gotta be bright pink the
letters are just going to pop off of it
so that everyone driving behind you will
know that you're a loser so whoever is
in last place ever hear is gonna have to
have that on the back of their car for a
full year do you guys play fantasy
football is there anything crazy you
guys do for the winner of the loser I
saw a group that does tattoos they're
like huge of like Justin Bieber and
Miley Cyrus on a wrecking ball all sorts
of things I'm not that crazy but do you
guys do anything crazy look whose
clothes on the floor I knew we're gonna
say that but hey you you have my floors
clean my floors clean you found a new
hiding place no no no no no this been as
your new club it's the closet I just put
a hoodie there put a hoodie there guys
workout clothes can I put a hoodie there
please back me up well I just hung up
when your shirts that you left on the
bed yeah it was still in a hangar cuz i
was think about wearing it this morning
ended up had to get through good night
what a stinker is late it is time for
bed who's
