Oh
hey guys so I just got off work and I
had to join a last-minute PE class for
some credit that I was missing not PE
cut it but just I needed one more credit
back out so today is my first time going
it's just in a row booth class that
hopefully won't be too crazy but we
shall see I get winded very easily
nowadays so I just got back home for my
workout it was actually pretty good
usually aerobics I'm usually like I like
this teacher and it was actually pretty
hard haven't done anything since like
the beginning of December and I feel so
lazy and so it was pretty hard today
it's like to the teacher and just have
to modify some stuff since I'm pregnant
but then that it was good not feel good
so I was just sitting here in my living
room
Sam still put classes I was just
watching a movie on my computer and just
hanging out and eating and then I swear
someone tried to open the door I thought
it was like it freaks me out cuz like
someone like jiggled the doorknob once
and Sam's not supposed to be back until
like 7:30 and I was like what in the
world I literally was just trying to
break into the house they only tried
like opening it once and then I heard a
car drive away and so I opened the door
but no one was there and nothing was
there it was really creepy but I saw a
car drive away I'm buying a gun I don't
know if they're trying to get into my
apartment or the apartment next door or
what but that was straight-up creepy
hopefully they don't come back
hello so day hello
it's good we got basketball tonight all
night round - all night round - all
night bout - and suddenly it's us that
is the size of a dragon fruit size oh
the link but some jelly get the dragon
fruits are different in size hey Barry
so which you know what I realized today
I'm forgetting how to write I had first
of all I didn't have any paper on me
I just weird I do everything visually
now I had a coincident I had a borrow a
piece of paper and I was writing my name
down and it was like all scrutiny I
forgot you're mostly on the computer I'm
always on the computer I am forgetting
how to write my penmanship is terrible
that's main thing my signatures get
though from signing all those bills yeah
what's up YouTube fam just got home from
my intramural game we won by like 23 25
we actually played a really good team
but my team just vomited been at work
and school all day exciting if you've
been watching the vlog for a while you
know that Wednesdays and Thursdays for
me are just crazy I have class tomorrow
till 10:30 so if you've been watching
for a while you already know that so the
vlogs my black a little bit on
Wednesdays and Thursdays but I do my
best I do my best
they're busy days there's not a lot of
time to edit what you see is where you
get and some days will be better than
others once in thursday's might be a
little mediocre so there were two of you
that correctly gets the picture those
are my sisters and my mother do we look
alike
this was from a little family shoot we
did when my sister came home from
serving a mission in California this is
one of my favorite pictures we always do
a jumping picture so shout out to Darren
and Sierra we've guessed it right I
didn't think was a hard of a question
you guys got it right it was pretty easy
you can tell they're related to me more
than Jenica just by physical appearance
they all have blue eyes I don't have the
blues the bias but Jenna's brown eyes
I guess Lindsey has brown eyes too so
then maybe maybe that threw you off they
look more like sisters it's a fan so
there's kind of a lot of pressure on me
because I come from a family
women as you can see and I have three
sisters
I've zero brothers my dad had only
sisters so I am the last Anderson and my
family no pressure
yeah I don't know if you hear that but
Jen said she never had to tell me to put
the toilet seat down men if you leave
the toilet seat up just start putting it
down believe me your life will be much
better and aim right but there is
pressure on me to have a boy because I
need someone to carry the Anderson name
now will that be this baby we'll find
out a week from today six days from when
you watch this video and this beautiful
crazy lady is my grandma what's her name
Bella actually BAE yeah okay yeah okay
well which means beautiful experience
say abuela when we were younger we know
one could say oh boy laughs we all call
her Bella yeah how old is she she's
turning I think 86 or 87 this month hey
let me tell you she is giggity she's on
fire she's a firecracker she has so much
energy she's always speaking in
Spanglish she probably prefers the
expand ish yeah she's funny yeah I feel
first time I talked to her when I met
genic I had to talk to her on the phone
in Spanish it was so funny that's a nice
person she always comes up she's like
she's the best
speaking of Bella check this out it's a
watercolor I did of her yeah Jenica is
an art major she's an art major with an
emphasis in photography so she's taking
painting drawing whatever all sorts of
art classes it looks like a photo it
looks so real awesome I could do this
again though that's probably one of my
favorite things she's ever done I don't
know if I could do it again though she
could do it again I had her do one of my
grandpa for Christmas to give my dad it
was like last year was a year ago it was
awesome so if you guys want a watercolor
of your face good professional genic has
always been modest about her work she
does really good stuff and this is a
painting of Wrigley Field that I did
it's a pointillism each one of those
pixels is a dot that I did I'm just
kidding guys is more art that Jenica is
done censored
also a lot of you guys that have been
watching have blogs as well and when you
guys asked there watch your videos
believe me
I check them out there's big see right
there I just started watching him right
now after I came home and I'm about the
bunch of Bennett's so I just want you
guys to know that when you comment and
you say watch my blogs check them out
and I like it's good stuff for those
still keeping track two days in a row
clean four so yeah guys if things like
these are super busy it's hard to get
the vlog up there's barely any time to
shoot or edit you know what it's having
people like you that watch this that
pushed us to keep going Jenica and i are
doing this for ourselves but also
knowing that people are watching it
definitely gives us a little bit more
motivation to get a video out every day
so hopefully tomorrow is a better day
thanks for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow
mmm I'll be bye please don't wake me now
