we look so little that was like how long
ago three and half years
that's why years ago I was good I will
have to talk about that another day how
it all went down how I proposed
what up what up what up what up what up
just drop down effects cool for class
I'm headed up to work it's gonna be
another great bitter cold day the sun's
out feels like 20 degrees it's gonna be
a good day Weber State's in town for
some reason the inversion is in full
force Oh Mike could you could you ask
for anything else I don't think so
the pollutions out in full force I mean
just a beautiful day that dudes a nice
cream at 9:00 10:30 a.m. hmm just look
at that what you're tough and I've got a
parking spot told you it's gonna be a
good day shoot as soon as I stepped into
work I remember I left my lunch
everything all right kitchen counter and
I just bought some really good stuff
it's now I'm headed back home told you
it was gonna be a good day oh hey we
good now dang look at those igloos I
want to live in one of those that's good
Oh
a dreaded task of popping it open I
don't know I took the paper good job
got it sounds like dough ah sometimes
after a long day of work school or
whatever it's good to just hop in bed no
it's rest you know don't listen to Jen
do any of you ever get home and just hop
in bed and just want to lay there for a
minute or maybe an hour or two hours or
until morning and then maybe fall asleep
maybe take a three hurry up run into bed
as soon as you go sometimes I do well
our boats really comfy it's a memory
foam I was gonna take it easy
but I got my first intramural game
tomorrow so it's all night I mean hey
what's that fan say are you really a fan
of breastfeeding babe it's really hot
did you feel the baby kick today yeah
well I just I feel moving now I like
just like will feel that the same thing
its measured oh thanks I feel how many
times did you do it just throughout the
day like the same exactly huh that's
cool just got back from ball here's my
workstation I got it all cleaned up and
set back up with my Space Jam figurines
check those out Ben Wallace is feeling a
little broken no I got my John Paxson
and BJ Armstrong wolves guys oh wow
totally getting this thing decorated
yeah look at my little pictures on the
wall yep that was the night we got
engaged in Salt Lake City
we look
that was like how long ago three and
half years ago we'll have to talk about
that another day how it all went down
how I proposed I keep wanting to say
you're so weird but I realize I say that
a lot I don't even mean - it's okay it's
a good weird it's better to be weird
than boring right I'm so boring nothing
happened in my life today
whatever this is the girl I came
skipping to the car today and she was
like giggling and I was like oh how much
photo she's like it's always a good day
no that is not true
I didn't say good time photo that is
just always so funny in a good time
finding that is that I'm gonna remember
that the next time no no I didn't need
to say that it was just funny here today
that's Claire I remember things death
glares a better memory okay well you're
not pregnant
it had triplets in here I'd have a
better memory me death Claire gets death
Claire and I'm gonna go crack whore
mouth she can't cry I got her six bags
of goldfish tonight two big jugs of
apple juice that's exactly what she
wanted and cucumbers and five pretty
little pink apples or whatever they're
called Pink Lady Apple anyone that's new
to the blog looking at this picture do
you think those are my siblings and
mother or Jenica siblings and mother
whoever gets are right gets a special
prize also if you're new the vlog and
you can name the lady on the bottom left
you get a special prize how personally
know his name her name no no that the
prize is gonna be awesome
how is anyone supposed to know that
she's never been in a video
so I don't know if I'm supposed to say
this but in the future we might do a
little collaboration with a couple
vloggers and another youtuber that you
guys made
who think Jenica and I've played ticket
around like a hundred times and she's
beating me maybe once or twice there is
a while that every single night Jenica
and I would play rock-paper-scissors
like best I have three no no best out of
five no no no best out of seven and just
keep going and going ago we did it for
months like every night before him at
the bed it was hilarious like Jenna and
I usually pray before we go to bed and
one of us will say it so we play rock
paper scissors to see who would save it
for her I don't know if that's
appropriate but it is awesome
so we should start doing that Ian are
you throwing scissors at me she does
sisters let me enter without the rock
BAM for anyone that's keeping score at
home the carpet is still clean today I'm
keeping my resolutions okay also thanks
everyone for all the wonderfully nice
comments Sam is usually the one to
respond but I do read them all and you
guys are all so sweet and so nice and
sometimes I'm on my work computer and I
can't respond on there for some reason
doesn't let me but I'll try to respond
more instead of just him sorry about
that but I do like him and you guys are
great doodles peace out everybody until
tomorrow please don't wake me now
