you felt the baby for the very first
time
Jenica suffice to make other buy it now
I'm up buying it look at me hey
Jenica when did you become a pirate I've
always been a pirate baby
I haven't waxed the booty our room is a
disaster this is what happens when your
husband hones to money clothes and
doesn't hang them up and we went on a
trip school this pile is like let's try
to find the ground let's oh there's the
carpet I have any clothes oh my same
probably has double or triple them in
the clothes that I do they are hidden No
yes I will go around and show all the
know my stuff so this is all Sam's this
is all fans this is us to him
the top three shelves are his pants top
four shelves
Sam's clothes and Sam oh no guess that's
nice organize it for Goodwill right now
oh we're gonna organize the baby room
even my eBay room no it's okay this is
my eBay room I think seriously this has
a lot of sentimental value you guys 175
feet of bubble wrap it's not just a Papa
please think about it every Christmas
you have to have pajama pants with
Christmas trees on top of station wagons
I love you even though you're just a
little pack rat no just a little check
out my Nintendo games and yes see
further proof this is an eBay room
because there is tape and old-school
games this makes me look like
so today we have the day off but instead
of having fun today we've been cleaning
up to the max I said say Jenica has
really been cleaning up she's gonna
helping me out a lot she's watching a
movie I don't know what this is but I
got it for her red box when I went out
and I've been preparing my resume
LinkedIn profile and done smelling my
clothes this year they're dirty I've
gotta make sure sometimes this stuff
stays on the ground for a long time one
of my resolutions of 2014 starting today
is to keep a clean room and to fold at
my clothes every single time after I
wear them put them away put them in
there cuz I'm doing a lot of work in
here so he better start that I told him
I would clean the room so that he could
do this work stuff she's helping me out
though so even though it's a day off
this is the real world this is the real
life getting our lives cleaned up
getting a real professional job which is
luck guys would you hire me look it even
though I wear a flower on my chest here
we go point 9 seconds as long as the
cabbage that I think it did that's got a
cow that's got a cow is it out of his
hand before the light goes off I do
believe so
what the hell just like Jake and Vienna
making out while bungee jumping and
voila man I'm good little workout angels
I need to get on shayloss whatever okay
do push-ups with me on your back I lose
as much weight as you're gaining come on
you maggot okay try again come on I
barely I'm lifting my whole leg yeah I'm
jealous or shaking I love you just the
way you
aah your hair thank you you think you
can feel a baby I think I'm feeling the
baby for the first time well I think I
felt it again
seriously yeah I think you can even feel
it excuse me
it's so weird cuz I know it's not gas
it's way too well what does it feel like
it's like a I don't know it's looking oh
my gosh babies no I feel it you could
feel it really put your theory in the
right where - ah I'd recount just put
leave it there for a minute whoa did you
feel that yeah no way I'm having the
same movement in the same place over and
over it's not gas I think I just felt
the first baby worth it oh my gosh
keeping an x-ray yeah
yeah you felt that yeah oh my gosh
that's gotta be the baby whoa I might
cry oh that's so weird it's really
dancer I think you just breakdancing in
there right now seriously
that is crazy babe keep your hand I
already felt it I really think that's a
baby seriously see you see how soon
you're supposed to feel it do you feel
it anytime really
that's crazy different cuz I feel like
that most common most common is 20 weeks
but poor people feel stuff week 16 feel
feel stuff or even earlier he's all
right in there
oh he's not telling us something hey guy
yo but he's like solo I shoot the may
well I don't really see the baby wasn't
thinking that
I have a bad day I mean chaos their
birthday oh my gosh that's bizarre so
much Jenica was flexing her abs of steel
mark it down day 21 in the vlog first
baby movement though seriously oh yeah
there was like a little like tap like
kind of like a finger high-five like I
knew I was carrying low but especially
the baby just give me like a finger I
5oz wild I kept feeling it not like Sam
I swear this the baby yeah you know
better you got like hiccups in your
stomach that's what it felt like just
like can't describe it baby must have
watched The Bachelor tonight Juan Pablo
if I'm mostly my little Juan Pablo Fu
police dad oh my gosh that was so weird
he's a soccer player or a kicker is a
girl you're gonna make it very confused
if you're calling I mean it's a girl in
there if we find out in a week that's a
girl then I'll call it a 'seeing she's a
dancer right now she's uh it's it no I
don't want to confuse my child you speak
Spanish you can't understand me when I'm
talking like this hey baby do me play
this
talk like this yeah okay I think the
babies they're moving its moments like
this in life or you just like holy cow
life is awesome
that's crazy I can't even explain it you
know the surreal moments we've all been
there
maybe it's a wedding a baby best friend
a surprise ready I don't know but that
was crazy
that was awesome I was thinking today
though if you have a job right now if
you're watching this blog and you are a
working person
well there's 20 hours 40 hours why do
you work do you work to get by are you
doing what you love
have you tried to chase your dreams are
you chasing your dreams right now
because I'm applying for jobs and I'm
trying to play the places like I'm like
well I'd be cool to work at I would love
to work there I want to be happy but do
we work just so that we can get by and
then have fun in our free time or should
we have fun at work too does that make
any sense
I've been thinking about it all day I
want to love what I do I want to love
the work that I do and I don't think
it'll be hard to find a job like that I
mean it is so far actually it's like the
most stressful thing ever but I think
that's what I decided I'm gonna apply to
jobs I think I'd love to do I try and
start off on the right foot but at the
same time I'd be grateful for anything
it's hard to balance everything if you
know what I was saying today was a busy
today we caught up with our lives
cleaned up did boring adult stuff it was
a good day especially to end up feeling
the baby like that anything else you
want to say today do a good day well
yeah it's a great day I wish we had
every day off okay so I just as brush my
teeth and Jenica started singing a song
that she made up to the tune of like a
virgin she was like the baby by my very
first time move for the very first time
baby we found the baby very first time
so funny
so anyways please don't wake
now
