we're professional models today look at
that poses
we are going to help my friend take
photos oh yes we are marlo smith 20
minutes my clothes so we said like three
different times we go ice skating well
today it's happening look you outdoor
rink here and it's adorable
Wow talent
you're being very precautionary because
you are pregnant yeah I don't want to
fall and die you're here for the
photoshoot now for the skating
got a little so the word is cocoa paste
one little what's gonna save a little um
me we not bow raise some believers
girl you now
to the Train I'm not started but should
I be
it's this fate that half of the world's
me
successful state no Falls can of beans
can anybody want some bean I do so si
Racha is by far my favorite hot sauce
right now I can't find any at the store
here anymore so I had to get this stuff
it's not the same eyes does not taste
the same
no I thought for some reason that
someone said there's a shortage of Si
Racha sauce I can't find it right now
this is not doing it for me mmm no I
spicy enough no it's just not the same
taste why did you call it si Racha then
it's better than nothing Sam was salsa
and hot sauce and things a lot a lot so
much that my duty is read watch ticket
TMI but JK 5 DVDs I don't know ever
heard of this show but impractical
jokesters is one of my favorites it
makes you laugh like oh yeah it's
seriously hilarious you guys should all
watch it the both score hundred points
everyone gets Big Macs
big box Big Macs it's a Big Mac pony fun
babe I deal with Dance Moms yours no
don't lie don't why I'm looking at the
scores happy Martin Luther King Day view
a day off of work or school or anything
what are you doing today have a good one
