I hope you all have a happy Sunday
happy Sunday Sunday happy Sunday to
aviod a boy is Domingo we just got back
from church it's 12 o'clock Jen smells
like urine because like last week we
said we help out in the nursery so we
help take care of all the little kids
and maybe had a leaky diaper I didn't
know about yeah so she's like hey smell
my arm
Nyko and I'm like whoa that smells like
urine smells like pee I don't know it
don't smell anymore but anyways it is
Sunday the day of rest that they when we
rest but also do Sunday things yep like
watch football i watch the Blackhawks
vs. the Bruins like read our scriptures
and right exactly and eat Lay's barbecue
chips yes what's for dinner tonight
bet you can't guess unless you watched
the vlog last week because we're eating
the same hmm if you guessed chicken
you're right
oh my gosh oh why are you different
clothes so we were looking at the
guesses for if it's a boy or girl the
baby the little baby look at that little
baby bump
oh come on spaz how's the baby talking
oh wait not the boy hola mami histoy
comodo in this day my siento bien mami
como estas
we were talking up the count for who
thinks the baby's a boy thinks the baby
is a girl and so far people think it's a
boy I ten people have said it's a boy -
six people who've said it's a girl yes
but if you count like our family members
like your mom think it's a girl my mom
thinks it's a girl you think it's a girl
well I don't know what since Jenica
thinks it's a girl I think it's a boy I
want you there one no I want to know
what you guys do on Sunday do you go to
church do you visit family do you watch
sports you read a book do you do
homework you go for a little Sunday walk
do you have like a special meal
on Sundays they're like a Sunday
tradition that you guys do we go to
church same trip to the Shaytards come
home show a little bit maybe the other
church stuff and Jenny barbecue yes so
some of the viewers have been asking a
couple questions one person said how old
are you guys this isn't a question and
answer but how old do we look here to
guess you get one second okay they're
only really she's so young yeah how old
are you 22 by what you tell everyone
you're 23
well I forget how do you think I am 1825
it's born in 1988 yes he just has a baby
face robbed the cradle right here with
this girl no you did it I was an adult
and where are you from I'm from Southern
California I am from Chicago that's why
I love the Blackhawks balls and all
Chicago sports
that's his hometown Chicago yes but we
live out west
we met in Utah the most random place
ever
well not really the most random place
ever well to some people some people and
we want to move when we graduate in a
couple months we're looking for a job
somewhere else but you know what's gonna
happen I'm getting a job here and being
stuck here for it no we're not gonna be
stuck here we're gonna get out forever
for it's crazy though there's a good
chance we'll end up in the East and the
West End in the south anything I can
think of places where we end up like
Texas California in New York all over
the place well we'll see where you get
hired baby yeah we'll probably be stuck
here forever
no I want to leave now so yeah happy
Sunday I might record a couple more
things before we upload this is the only
day that we upload clips from that day
like today is Sunday and I'm uploading
this today so to get a ones ink to get a
one-take dinner is served
don't it is not that this is a buen
tiempo a buen provecho
waiting for vigil get a one Texas
chopped and screwed that sounds that
sounds really weird well that's the type
of music it's when they slow down the
music it's like that's all you should
need to help the ER come on come on
cucumbers every single day I want me to
cook you what okay looks good so happy
Sunday guys
