today is officially move-in day my back
and head clothes
wait what's worse the sir spider this
for sure I'm keeping it which I named
him nose obsess PPS everybody just to
explain things real quick fantasy
football
Cecilia to some important tethers fun a
way to connect my friends and I we've
had our league going for eight years now
eight years I've been playing fantasy
football for longer than that but this
leak with these friends eight years some
of my best friends from college people I
lived with people I grew up with people
I studied with people I've experienced
life with most of us are married with
kids now we live far away people flew in
from Hawaii Washington DC Utah
Washington state Arizona we had this
plan four months to do our fantasy
football draft together a couple days
reminiscing I think the wives will plan
their girls trip next but it's good to
catch up and we had her draft some other
things here's a couple of clips I can't
get included it all ladies and gentlemen
this is the eighth annual
we're here in Las Vegas a penthouse at
the top of the Bellagio it may not look
like that to you but it is and here we
are for our live auction draft Devin
right here I'm capturing I got it yeah
we got the draft we got we got we got it
going on let's get to it
okay we're home from taking Sam to the
airport the kids hello arm and now we're
playing hey that's going to show you
guys the loft today I bought this new
little organizer I know a lot people
have these from Ikea I just got mine at
Target it seemed it was cheaper and it
was really easy to put together none of
that really hard IKEA stuff anyway I got
some bins although I kind of enjoyed
just got in solid pink in solid blue but
they're cute got this awesome chest I
was trying to find something for like
stuffed animals and this is a fold-up
container all the stuffed animals and
dollies and that this part is magnet and
there's little grippers and it's just
like the perfect size I was so pleased
with that purchase so all of those
things are from Target and then it was
nice to have like extra shelving because
I was able to actually put out toys that
they couldn't see another toy house and
other little closet under but in our
kitchen or whatever so now we have these
and each bin has whatever I actually
can't keep it open dick get the toy out
you want
okay so there's like cars
PJ's toys down there all of this like
Star Wars stuff all like all people and
like critters and all the little things
are in there this is a whole bit of like
bags of different types of Legos this
bottom one is animals got the grill
we've got just bins of toys I might end
up putting in his own closet nice
storage and then this was in Noah's room
it was his our very first little toy
organizer but I might just leave this
here until I don't know yeah for a while
if visitors come we might stick the
Train stuff in his room put this in his
room anyways so that stuff goes there so
double storage now because this wasn't
quite enough bins over here some that I
already had that and have to buy
anything else and more shelving to put
his other thing is stuff don't make a
huge mess up it's kind of nice that I
can just leave the train table like kind
of has like up a coffee table in away
and ottoman almost PJ let him play
welcome to welcome to Las Vegas the city
program the dankest hosting the CNF
there what outrageous wanna see football
fever is so contagious oh my god thought
I was stepping on a animal we brought
our brown couch upstairs which it fits
perfectly like it fits perfectly and
it'll be nice to like have a hangout
zone no we're just playing with these
ones right now that's enough no it's
almost bedtime and we're gonna take a
tubby if you're gonna cry about it then
we're going straight to bed so we put
the actual ottoman in those closet his
closet is ginormous so I put a lot of
storage stuff in there so this is really
fun I love that it's like just open they
can go all the way around it it's so
crazy I just I'm so grateful that we
have this space like and for the price
that we got like the RET we're paying
it's just like it's incredible and I'm
so grateful and we're so blessed and I
just love this place so much I love it
more and more every single day like the
very first day we came was really hot in
here and like dark there were some
lights and I was like mmm
where we going we'd be moving in too but
now like it's starting to feel like oh
man it's like weird because no place is
felt like so we've never felt so
comfortable in a place so quickly but
it's great we really like it so tyreme
I'm so happy to have this for when
people come and family come to visit cuz
we're hosting Thanksgiving and Christmas
this year
so I love that we have so much extra
hangout space this is a Kids Zone and if
its disaster it's a disaster I don't
care no one can see it downstairs so
although we will have regular cleanup
and then the the Reading area is right
here I couldn't find a great place for
it I kind of wanted to in that corner
like the reading nook but it's just not
gonna work right now so this works I
still have to unload my last box
that's books that are gonna one there
and also guys I'm gonna apologize my
horrendous built filming in the past few
vlogs like I shake so much my hand and
I'm just all over the place and I'm
trying to try to get better and be more
aware of how steady and pulling the
camera how fast I'm like twisting the
camera because it's awful and I
apologize if I make any of you motion
sick because wait I make myself motion
sick watching that sometimes but
sometimes I'm still very uncomfortable
holding a camera even though I've been
doing it for so long we had a quite
exciting season but Adam win ensure was
not that reason a tattoo new members to
the fold with the counter guarantee that
we go now it's time to have some come
some cannot Awards so don't know why
they didn't take Cory's Accord
I've never played that have the greatest
boba please sit back and enjoy the show
Noah's room is coming together I still
haven't put all their clothes away but
man there's just so much space it's like
no other room was just like so tiny that
it's like there's so much every space I
had the white thing there originally I
might move his dresser there we might do
something over here I don't really know
I don't know if visitors come we'll pull
out the extra mattress we might just
make the extra bed but I kind of just
don't really want to do that because
then if we ever did leave we'd have it
would be a pain but I say staying here a
while and Noah's closet has can't become
storage like the Ottoman stuff like that
toy storage I'm hoping he doesn't see
that stuff right now that can't wield
whatever then there's still like space
for me to walk in here and hang up stuff
Sampson I can't give a full-on tour
because you want to make a house tour
vlog this next week if we get everything
unpacked yeah we're just really happy I
was thinking of putting like a TV on top
but there's not enough space and if it
got pushed or knocked or anything it
would just go bye-bye down the stairs
and that would be really bad
we originally
wanted to put the couch on this side of
the room but then we're like that's not
safe because they could totally jump
over the couch and onto the stairs and
so we had to put the catwalk though just
then it's our pleasure now to have Sam
give us a video presentation so we're
gonna pause very briefly and I'm gonna
share this video with you
oh yeah well can I just say something
please come up soon please help say from
here this is a tribute to someone
special as much as he does no one man
should I don't know this is like 30
minutes before this is happening let's
get to it
the rb1
hey Sam with TMZ sports how you doing
there brother how you feeling this our
drafts about to start how do you feel
going into it alright 2009 to see NFL
was founded at the time it was an 18
League and in my friend member serves me
well and it always does
half the team's really don't even exist
here today half the team barely updated
their rosters throughout the season it's
really maybe a four man leading at best
the league equivalent was what is found
in the competition black these days
doctors say luckily our league has
evolved and so has the competition
gentlemen please welcome to 2008 2009
see NFL Kiwi champion
yeah whoever knew so much sense the same
did not mean they'll take care so you're
just gonna do this yeah well we could
you could put him on a conference you
get have one phone over there check up
the deuce let's go any questions you
have about formalities is gonna be our
nominator let's do this okay Church the
NFL 2017 Las Vegas it's great to have
you here great dad Dubois
with this as well yep and please Ezekiel
Elliott oh I won $5 $25 26 Sam you said
35 35 35 yeah I'll go 36 she's gonna
keep her next year he comes back and
kills anything we don't that's true 30%
30% that counts for you going twice sold
to Kevin boy Doug Baldwin 32 bright and
early we're starting the morning off by
going to the pool it's already bleeding
degrees out hot hopefully there's
someone there with us and our key
doesn't work oh my gosh you guys our
neighborhood pool is amazing I like you
not put this and that Park over there
that's covered it looks amazing
oh my gosh it's beautiful and huge and I
love it always like outside edges are
shallow which is what no that one's deep
just kidding this one and this one are
shallow cool where they start coming
here every morning before naps because
it's already freaking hot out and it'll
be nice with it clapping have fun Tati
Trish whoever else wants to visit us
look at this pool come visit us hi sissy
good girl
are you swimming with Noah oh there's a
little ledge - that's awesome
good girl oh good job buddy you're being
such a good big brother helping her do
you like this new pool Dane this park is
awesome what in this jungle gym my only
complaint is that it is sand and not
just the foam stuff I wish it was the
foam
I just have to beasts and these things
are amazing oh my gosh amazing I think
you taught you to have these too when I
was younger at the playground that we
live by had one of these and was my
favorite thing in the entire world
so I may not really know the city I live
in but I know how to get to Target in
home without my GPS so that's saying
something um we've it's just like when
you move house there's so many bits and
bobs that you need again like if I could
start all over in some ways like if
things cuz you know sometimes like
shower curtains get gross or like bath
mats get gross or no actually pops on
one you know you have to throw it out
and you know you'll see a new one soon
and then you get another extra bathroom
which kind of sucks there's I mean it's
awesome other store bathrooms in here
well three and a half bathrooms in here
like I kind of wanted like freshen up
our bathroom and anyway things just tack
on I've spent way too much money at
Target sorry Sam but I'm just gonna do a
little target house haul for you guys
starting off my target oh don't look at
that price everything although I did try
to get clearance on as many things as I
could get clearance on um so I got this
little house Matt hurry you're here I
thought it was cute was on clearance it
was like half off I'm really into blue
shades of blue right now blue and grey
but whatever I thought it was really
cute so that's gonna go in the front
door because right now it'll be a deer
and I just don't like it
the kids needed a new mat because like I
said we got some poop on one of them and
it just stunk ins not weird so even
after washing it so I got them this cute
one it was fun all the colors I wanted
to get the whole set I got looked a
little brush your teeth thing that kind
of matches it with all the colors oh my
god get a new track backs it up here
honey I got Sam and I a new bath mat
because I'm gonna stick our bath mats in
the spare bedroom so I
this cute one and I was so cute goodbye
the shower
I just love pom-poms and then I got
these to kind of match for by our seats
they match the tassels oh that was cute
got her some toothbrushes how'd you get
them little only one of these because
there's toilet just fell apart
see annoying stuff guys lotion for the
baby I wanted to get these for the
chairs not no fallen museums I probably
will just hate like the screeching I
should have bought them from my last
place because dink chair scraped up the
ground
skinny skinny nails totally hang up some
stuff I don't know and then like I said
some of our cups and bowls got ruined in
the move so I just got some of these 79
cents you guys 79 cents each so I got
and then I got matching plates 79 cents
Monica's baby showers tomorrow and I'm
going to it and Elliot is actually gonna
watch the kids for a couple hours they
have a good time thanks Elliot so I had
to get her a few goodies they're doing
like the diaper raffle and he's just
nice to get someone diapers anyway
because diapers are going to buy and
then I asked her what she was like you
want more clothes if you want like
necessities she's like I want this stuff
that I don't need no I need okay baby
mins didn't know she had some still had
to get some clothes and these sleepers
they're not like my favorite print but
they're really cute and they're like the
nightgowns that I swear by I love those
boogie wipes my favorite baby lotion
aquaphor I love this as diaper cream
they just worked the best on my kids so
I just give it to everyone to have them
try it some hand sanitizer spray some
infants tylenol and oh I got myself one
too
and I think that's it so I got her
something cute and then the necessities
I couldn't find gripe water but that's
okay hopefully hopefully her baby
doesn't need the gripe water
okay I still might return my rub not
sure I kind of want to roll it out
tonight one more time and decide it's a
white it's gonna get dirty but also
really soft and really pretty and I
really like it and Sam really likes it
it's just that like since the whole
floor is tile your feet pick up the dirt
more I feel like so I don't want like
feet print all over it like I would join
me insane I'm like a waste of money so
Noah is being so brave and just won
there's a group of kids playing in he
just like I'm gonna play with them so he
just walked over all by himself to go
play with all the little kids over there
and this little ladies just sitting in
the sand we're back at the park because
why not go get out of the house for a
minute I thought the complex was like
there wasn't very many kids but I
haven't been outside at this hour
because we've just been so busy inside
and packing everything and just having
dinner and then I've just been so tired
from all the unpacking so it's just
stayed in the house or gone somewhere
like after dinner we like Vonda just
like home stores and stuff so it's fun
to be outside right now because all the
little kids are out playing together and
it's so cute so you know with all the
kids makes me think of when I lived in
apartment complexes although this isn't
like
my complex okay like a town home complex
but their houses just really close
together they're not even like townhomes
who they're not attached no just making
friends with the other neighborhood kids
Oh
