what's up guys
hello hi so today is Saturday and this
is actually Friday's blog that you're
watching which I posted today on
Saturday and we just wanted to give out
a shout out it's more than just CVC
trevor and karen they gave a shout out
to our vlog on their vlog yeah was it
yesterday first of all you started off
doing happy feets i'm gonna do happy
hands that's for sure and anyways we
just wanted to say thank you it's kind
of fun to know that other people are
watching this now we have like a support
system and people think Jenna's funny
Trevor and Karen are great people CPC is
the bird I like their bugs a lot we just
started watching it the new year and
we're hooked yep I don't think there is
any group more loyal than CDC they came
in hard when dude said Hulk smash she's
Hulk smash and I'm like button it was
crazy
so shout out to all the new people that
subscribe they are on day number 144
today is 18 I think Wow it takes
dedication so it's nice to know that
people are watching and when people
comment it makes you even better because
it's like oh we're not the only ones
enjoying this like just for ourselves
there's other people that think this is
kind of fun so thanks everybody
yeah thank you I've noticed anything
about YouTube and doing this so far in
just the 18 days is that people on
YouTube are super nice there's a lot of
fun and meet people to meet and it's fun
to talk to you guys in the comments and
in the videos so we're gonna keep
blogging day 18 thanks guys a couple
vloggers you guys are best and Jenica is
wearing matching socks with the matching
sweater wow color coordination happy
feet you've got happy feet happy you
know it is a crazy man think about how
many people woke up today and on their
way to work or school or something
began to sing it's Friday Friday gettin
down on Friday I don't think anyone
anyone singing that thank you
I'm the only one I guarantee you're the
only one that video is super old but I
guarantee there are at least 10,000
people with it in their heads today I
guarantee it I bet one of you watching
this video had it in your head today or
yesterday because today's Saturday and
yesterday was ready in your head now so
it's - that is - of the 10,000 I've
estimated only could be forced there ha
and it wasn't even in my head you just
started singing them for it they for it
before us me to say yeah any other
person watch this video which is like
see your fingers today well these are
the only babies I found in my backpack
a little mustaches I know hey guys look
at me I'm Jenica at work what's that
face that's not a touchscreen just let
me make that face and voice you sound
like such a tool that's so funny I get
night
that's how padded a room is throw stuff
against it through my body against it
make sure it's really padded in your
office looks like a psycho word like at
the jail people that are violent I just
like throw them in here early it's for
sound I'm gonna start calling you DJ
Jenica
the downtown down there they down down
duppa duppa
deep in the heart of Texas so Hank we're
in Texas tonight why shouldn't that
everything is ultra sized we had a gift
card to Texas Roadhouse and instead of
just waiting in line forever to eat
there we decided to bring it home and
we're gonna watch the Blackhawks game
come on come on come on come on come on
come on come on yeah
ten probably won't much luck I came so
probably read your Kindle food coma
excuse me which I'm totally cool it
which I'm totally cool it is on TV but I
wasn't watching don't have the channel
but I'm gonna watch it I apologize in
advance to all the vegans I watching the
game on Fox 142 the Ducks are so good
they've won 18 of their last 19 games
but tonight not tonight
right now you can tell how stressful the
game experience was by how red my face
gets during the game and after the game
it's a little red right now cuz I was
getting just way I always know heart
rate spikes when his cheeks get red his
face was bright red after he talked to
my dad to ask for permission to marry
whatever that was like four years ago
hey check out our racist shirts man you
sorry it's this what kind of Gatorade is
that cucumber lemon or lime well it's
like lemon though it's really good I
can't believe they have a flavor for
your craving
