good morning I just look up and this is
what I look like when I wake up and this
is the genic it looks like when she
wakes a beautiful Marvy with makeup I
know she is a morning person I am NOT
have to be because you are not ever this
is what I have to deal with every day
you you me oh there you go here or Anne
Burrell ere you pick Ingraham Hanna if
you watched the Food Network or anything
like that but this is what her hair
looks like all the time I'm gonna put a
picture ever right here missus but you
look tired too I'm so tired
do we look tired like straight out of a
scary movie I love you so it's all clear
all up here like the sky is clear
everything's good and then you come down
here and it's like literally driving
into a cloud crazy driving into a cloud
of this pollution precipitation coldness
can't see anything it at me guys I don't
know how many of you play candy crush I
was stuck on the same level for the
longest time like three or four weeks I
swear it was in the our levels I don't
want to say what number was okay it was
level 43 it sounds super weak but if
you've been there you know what I'm
talking about
and last night I finally beat it yes I
was seriously getting so frustrated and
then you know I wasn't even giving it my
all last night and then Austin boom
killin more of the story never give up
bunny dreams even if it's candy crush
well see what's on the schedule today
hmm
she's not here
I call this the green room hello
everyone I'm happy to announce that I
think my presentation today went really
well
oh got a lot of positive feedback which
was excellent and yeah it wasn't
terrible and I was anticipating terrible
Sam is having his late late night so
he's not done with class until like
10:30
thanks five-hour class or something felt
terrible for him just moving me home
tonight so I'm making a little mac and
cheese also I did something really
embarrassing today I take a peeler to
school with me because you know I eat my
cucumbers every day it was just a
plastic bag and I want to grab my bag
out of my backpack and totally picked it
up by the grader and sliced my fingers
this one's still kind of bloody that's
kind of gross I felt so dumb because I
cut myself on a peeler who does that I
do that anyway toodles
also in regards to all amazingly
wonderful sweet things my dear husband
said about me the other day in the vlog
I only try to be those things because he
really is those things honestly anyone
who meets him can say all of those
attributes that he lifted off about me
are about him as well and he's just the
best and I love him and really what you
see is like him like that's him in real
life as well he's just the most sincere
guy and he's putting everyone's needs
before his own and making sure that
everyone's okay and happy and I just
admire that so much about him much he
genuinely cares about people and his
family especially and I just love him
and hope you guys all find someone that
makes you happy and loves you that like
you need to be loved Thursday's are the
worst every day is a great day but
Thursday's are the worst of the great
days you started the blog Thursday's are
the worst last Thursday it's the 10:10
day I work from 10:00 and I get off at
10:00 but I have seven hours of work
five hours of class so twelve hour a day
ten to ten and I don't eat until I get
home if you eat dinner at 5:00 you're
hungry by 10:00 or in class that's the
worst so on one of our videos announcing
the baby there's
some comments lately saying Ellen
brought me here which Ellen Ellen
DeGeneres and if you go on her YouTube
page the Ellen show and you go down to
Ellen's favorite we're there there's
their video it's kind of cool hello
Ellen
I don't know if that means Ellen has
actually watched it but according to her
YouTube page where some of her favorites
she's such a good person in the comments
below who is better that's for Ellen
well I didn't grow up watching Oprah i
watch Ellen so yeah Ellen illustrations
Oprah I watched Oprah like late night
the re-airing at like 10:00 p.m. yeah
but Ellen appeals to me way more than
Oprah
yeah well Ellen's this Jen this
generation is Oprah there you go she
does all the things that gives away to
good people and yeah I'll just love her
she's fine she still anything she's
something
Oprah scares people Ellen scares people
ya know Ellen doesn't scare people
oh she likes carries them when they oh
yeah that's funny
