excuse me okay
oh well hello Eddie
we've been here all night
yeah yeah doing lots of fun stuff not
have a project due tomorrow presentation
full-on powerpoints and images printed
and the artist even written we have to
talk for 15 minutes straight have an
artist talk for 15 minutes and then the
class is going to talk about us for over
an hour it's gonna be super fun here's
what I'm working on
here's some of my double exposures Oh
scary multiple will not even double
these are lots of exposures digitally
but editing his that's alright but I
will improve throughout the semester yay
we're almost done Adi we can almost go
home it's not even ten o'clock yet
boohoo
this is what's something me artist
statement shown what you're working on
Adi she's doing a nineteenth-century
process which is I don't really feel
like explaining right now and she is
putting landscapes on body parts wasn't
wasn't it that's it trying to guess what
body part that is mixed with the going
Gate Bridge I spy a belly button super
cool and then she's gonna expose them
she's made digital images she's gonna
process them like this it's called a
salt paper process salt fever process
pretty colors and justice expose them
for a long time the fermentation welcome
home
Thanks you're finally home two weeks
from today we have a baby ultrasound
yeah technically the 20-week ultrasound
was 1909
whatever it makes we're gonna find out
if the baby is a boy or a girl
look at it I'm really punching out
tonight yeah a little bit it's time I
just - some people would like to look
like that
any day including me because look at
missed you all day long so apple juice
if you watch these videos in the
comments guess if it's a boy or a girl
we're not gonna fall for two more weeks
but let the guessing begin now Jenica is
he's confident he's a girl I'm dating
the girl it's a boy just because Jenica
things to go well I'm building it's a
girl so I'm gonna say it's a boy because
that wouldn't be bad either
I almost gang meeting my Opie nut butter
and jelly come on
because I was like eating it it wasn't
tasting very good it was kind of
squashed and then I like thought about
it and I'm like this he's really gross
and like I like Carly could swallow that
last bite and I clearly almost gagged
this is coming from the girl that eat a
waffle fry out of her shoe last night
but also test the ground and that she's
gagging on days because it just would
even did it tasted different pilot of
the day go hell of the day having no
troubles printing because there's always
trouble when we print and I didn't have
troubles printing my highlight of the
day was not even surprising but it
happened actually that's my it happened
the shaver visit me know because I visit
her I don't work you like traveling in
your stationery I am NOT mobile je
m'appelle jenika so Yuna artista
no no this is my artist time combining
multiple languages together in one for
my project
how's the word flux sound flux in
dance sounds look sounds very it's a
movement flux but it could count bad
there was an art exhibit called flux
would you see it sounds terrible
no oh okay I see right now but I wasn't
thinking I mean a title in the comments
below come over tomorrow morning at 9:00
which is later than this video yeah by
the time you see this video I'll be done
with my hour and a half on presentation
and you'll be so happy
who
oh it's me
