it's not so good hey hey hey
so guys I'm at the grocery store and
there's this really cute girl behind me
on a fancier right there do you see her
let me go
hey good good good
is AP calling yo what up dog yo what's
going on dog
yeah this is the best sauce in the
entire world I think it's even better
than fry sauce in my opinion check play
sauce that's all there is to it one time
oh my gosh five and then one time he
came home with a whole container of
chick-fil-a sauce and I was dying
look at all this chick play sauce
pregnant lady you ever do that normally
what so if you're gonna go out and get
fat and eat fast food Tuesday night
college night chick-fil-a it is the best
late-night chick-chick-chick play night
when Jenny becomes a mom soon a couple
months she's me a dance mommy go away no
I know these ladies are crazy you saw
those recording said dance mom no no no
no I'm about to go play basketball she
enjoys it good just like he watches The
Bachelor with me too
yoky pleasures for this boy so I just
watched the video that is kind of gross
and scary I guess but I know the
reactions will make Jenica laugh so hard
she's not gonna want to watch it at
first but her reactions I guarantee will
be funny and this is gonna be her normal
self okay it's okay it's not real oh my
god just be the reaction to make you ass
the cloud in the sky nothing I see the
birds they fly it's the Sun baby
