oh gosh I just realized I laugh way too
much in these videos and they're
obnoxious laugh and I need to control
them better but how could I not laugh
when he's doing this how could it not
laugh he's weird
hey guys so I am up on campus at the
photo studio and I am preparing to do a
little shoot tonight I have a little
project part of a series due on Thursday
so I don't wake up school and I'm a
project due it's crazy but I am me
shooting tonight so I will take you long
for part of the ride I suppose I might
film a little bit during the actual
shoot to show you kind of like what I'm
doing
we're gonna dance series right now long
exposures and things like that so
probably don't know what that means but
I will show you a little bit later when
my mom's come literally yeah look at
that
hashtag sorry completely forgot to film
while I was shooting sorry so you didn't
get to see anything of what I did
but maybe I can pull up something on the
back my camera I shouldn't work on my
lighting because for some reason when I
first did this type of shoe it was
amazing and then it wasn't but I'm
working on like multiple exposures at
once and digitally I don't know we'll
see what happens
doing in there
hey guys it's just been another long day
for us you got back from school and work
a little while ago and now we're making
dinner and then I have another class I'm
making some crescent rolls but popped
open and we will see how they turn out
so we're eating with soup tonight sounds
so delicious soup and rolls so I've
honestly no idea if I'm doing this right
they don't look like they're rolled very
nicely Oh we'll see
Malcolm smell can cheesy chicken
enchilada soup looks like barf
smells like greatness did you make these
yep they look kind of funny but they
taste like heaven
so someone today was telling me that the
vlog is a bad idea because what if a
future employer googles my name what if
they find these videos this is who I am
if someone doesn't want to hire me for
who I am I don't want to work for them
you know there's a lot of things that
aren't in the vlog it's only like a
couple minutes our lives each day you
know the Internet these days it's like
people post a picture it's like a
two-second glimpse into their lives it
looks wonderful great and yeah you know
what the vlog it might be always
positive because you know there's
moments you don't film I want this to be
real this person told me that they've
met a lot of bloggers that they looked
up to or like famous bloggers and stuff
like that and when they met them they
weren't anything like their blog or what
they sculptor their life to be at least
on the internet would have looked like
they were people think they are what
they share I'm just trying to keep it
real someone doesn't like it that's fine
I'm sure there's people that are like
man they're crazy and I don't really
care I like being myself I like trying
to be creative here in there you know
I'm compassionate about things you know
what you see is what you get Jenica is
the most amazing person I've ever met
she's the most humble person she's the
most loving person I swear like that
girl she just you know if she doesn't
even worry about herself she worries
about others the whole time it's amazing
I've never met someone like that that is
so patient loving she has so many
attributes that I admire that she is
what you see she's funny she does some
things she makes us she makes me laugh
and you know this is who we are we are
having fun vlogging
it's a minute here two minutes there ten
minutes another day for the time being
we are going to keep vlogging because
it's fun I would never do anything if
Jenica didn't sign on this is a joint
effort she's a class right now so I can
say whatever I want about her but we're
gonna keep doing this honestly like I
feel bad almost because Jenica worked so
hard she works 20 hours a week she goes
to class almost full-time she only has a
couple classes left
she works hard and she's pregnant she
doesn't complain she gets up and does
work she's amazing she's gonna be a
great mom so yeah there you have it we
are doing this first house so that's it
that's my little ramp you're still here
love you people will always judge you
that's just how it is to judge on sneaks
