you guys save just did this to me watch
you guys Sam and I are unlocking the
date night survival kit and we're going
to get some wings because we're gonna
watch the Seahawks game with some
friends so we're gonna eat some wings
while we do it and also I was thinking
about this deer and then if they are two
boys or two girls or whatever I think we
should name them next time we see them
and I think we should name them Bonnie
and Clyde yeah they're sneaky little
buggers going around our yard so I hope
we see them again the shots for Sam he
hates this cutting edge with the K I
just realized that on Monday or Tuesday
or something this week I'm out of my
fourth month of pregnancy so that means
that I'm hopefully keep your fingers
crossed out of the headache stage
because headaches are terrible but I've
had a full successful day yesterday with
no headaches and it was amazing and
glorious so starting the fifth month
which is crazy I'm almost halfway there
I look that way they're almost over
it'll be amazing so hopefully there
won't be any headaches I know they're
crazy symptoms I'm really thirsty all
the time like for water like I just want
water all the time I think that's why I
crave fruits and vegetables that are
like raw because they have more water in
them the cucumber all the snow is making
me like super thirsty driving home right
now filling the hot wings I'm thirsty
anyway that's random
if relative who lived in cold areas you
know the smell of winter like he go
outside smells like like fire and like
trees smells really good right now
Oh dinner for champions right here
dinner for champions
some people say never go to the grocery
store or hungry for me it doesn't matter
whenever I lose sir I'm always hungry
after
so lately for some reason we always
forget to buy groceries for Sunday and
it seems like Saturday at like 11:30
were rushing to the store to figure out
we're gonna eat for Sunday dinner Sunday
dinner actually always ends up to be the
best meal of the week
or always rush when you get it planted
like this potential hot by take it easy
yeah I want to watch a piece black box
too but what you're telling me is you
like frozen better than tinkled he's
frozen he's literally frozen I find this
one to be a little bit more neutral from
the reviews it looks like to be the most
popular of all the naked palettes so I
just knew I couldn't go I swear we have
the best friends we do yep I hope you
enjoyed a glimpse of what our friends
are like they're the best best friends
for ever o killem
we've got a new video at the bottom and
a vlog at the top so check them out yo
