yeah yeah
hi guys this is your first time seeing
this big it subscribe if it's a second
time welcome back this is our one take
some day vlog and it might be cut up in
editing so it doesn't look like one tape
we cancel it it really is one take look
at this chicken smell the video
we don't need better resolution
definitely you know so it's some day and
that's Sunday we go to church and we
come home from church let's see no we
got it you take it out we go to church
for three hours you come home from
church and sing we go to church for
three hours and then we come home and
take a nap for three hours and they were
do homework for three or more okay now
well homework it's not advised to do it
yeah whatever but we go to the same
church as the Shaytards not the same
exact building today for a winner we're
having chicken mashed potatoes and gravy
yeah we made homemade mashed potatoes
I'm just freak eating them yeah yeah
those are homemade they were made in
that curtain that's homemade and I'm
done too so someone in the comments
yesterday said hey we need to be vegan
stop cooking so much meat don't buy me
well my dad's begin that count could be
vegan by association without actually
being vegan being vegan is intense I
don't think people understand how much
of a life change that is that's like
yeah but vegan people are healthy so
yeah it's a good choice maybe someday
hopefully no you'll never never be vegan
know I really respect people that are
being there
my dad does it and he's expecting
probably well I understand my people are
vegan I think it's a physical and
spiritual so guys this is why we vlog
because I got on my computer I could do
a blog like this and it's all text in a
mic Maracaibo cool video is a better
version of a blog blog blog video is a
better a better route better video is a
better version of a blog I think I like
video pictures better thank you say all
of your siblings have vlogs and your
mother and dad your dad and I read them
every day but I look most forward to the
pictures the pictures are better than
the words depends my friend Jenny moths
had a great blog today ok I'm not hating
on blogs I'm just telling you that the
words thing enjoy it but it's not for me
to do I'd rather do video but I do love
blogs I seriously I read my family's
bought blogs every single day so at
church we are in the nursery what's the
nursery nursery is where the parents
drop off aw baby it's 18 to 3 years old
and we basically babysit them yeah we
basically babysit them and I swear half
of them are afraid of me I just don't
get it
no I'm just kidding me nothing they like
me but I want to make things clear that
yeah a vlog that's can happen tomorrow
I'm wearing a Seahawk shirt yes I bleed
orange blue I'm a Bears fan to death
there's just a couple Utah State players
that are on the Seahawks and my buddy
likes to see X so it's just showing some
love to him you know just showing some
beloved right here this is where my true
happiness comes from as far as football
goes so don't forget it it's basically
every Chicano team but the Sox
yeah that's the truth I didn't know I
liked White Sox I mean like whoa Black
Hawks they play tonight they got a ready
she is ready to eat kids hungry
the baby's hungry feels like literally
bland but
chicken will really spice it up so what
fixes everything
so yeah since some days are kind of a
different day to us we like to keep it a
little bit more relaxing restful will
probably always do little little videos
like this little short videos maybe
they'll end up being along because we'll
talk forever and just rambling rambling
ramble on but you know what this is what
we're doing this is a day in the life of
Sam and Jenica and yes we are married
why don't people keep asking that isn't
it
check it out come in for three years
years there you go happy Sunday
happy Sunday but you never seen a
one-take before
lay it down like this because I'm the
one take master get a blast coming right
out of your speaker than the radio this
is a disaster
happy Sunday guys
