you think you have fast internet you
have no idea
you ready for this thank you ready for
this here we go boom oh my goodness
926 925 925 download speed it should be
a gig actually let's check out that
upload boom that my friends is fast
three ping 922 megabyte download speed
937 upload speed that is fast
the Internet's the interwebs today guy
looks scary but master would say would
you look at that look at that snout and
look pretty
nothing like some swag drive-thru mickey
d's at 10 o'clock at night after a long
day of work it every day of work
five-hour class that goes to 10:30 only
thing left of you to get a hot spicy
hmm I don't care if the hot spicy is
made with chicken guts it tastes good
yeah one dollar menu hand spicy hi the
home alone reference but he says one
large cheese pizza oh yeah
even though you in said home alone how
does it taste great like heart disease
finest program like a baby
I need someone over here he's in this
yard he's in this yard oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh its eyes are glowing at
me oh no that's that's my reflection
they're back I just screamed like a girl
hold up onto our street know what they
were oh my gosh there's so many deer
around geez someone's gonna crash into
these boys ok toodles
away from me tomorrow figure so we've
been vying for 10 days this is the 10th
day of vlogging and there's one thing
I've noticed other vloggers are pretty
cool they're pretty nice for example Jay
Boggs dude I guess the man this dude's
as real as it gets so thank you Jay
Boggs okay you're officially why devour
your own oh is it the water bottle me
baby bump bump baby bump bump baby but
one thing we've done since we've gotten
married is whenever we see a photo if
it's not too expensive we take a picture
you thinking what I want excuse me like
take four just like look at all these
like photo booth pictures we did it's
refund weddings we thought it was funny
that when we
got our baby ultrasound that it came out
and the photo booths we just added
it to the collection does anyone know
anything about mega red omega-3 krill
oil I got the sample sixty soft gels I
saw 90 soft gels for sale at the grocery
store for like $30 so I feel like I
should start taking them they gotta be
good oh shoot I have one minute to get
in bed seriously here it's in the gym
every day
well I they say about the last two weeks
of the last year that was one of my
goals right every single day and I
failed the last two weeks of December
every single day except the last two
weeks almost there's nothing third she's
back at it here's my journal what's that
have you ever sweat in your life I
dripped sweat walking to class today
good night world what's up what's up
what's up with Thursday's are the worst
so long especially from a vlog
standpoint then I get to come home to me
the end of the day we are so grateful
for everything even though we have to
work and study all day but isn't that
what life is I guess I'll get better
once you graduate
