just mouth like a freakin good time
hello everybody
hey what's up
snow snow snow snow I wanna turn that
nanana Enzo
dear in our backyard right now look it
we just pulled into her driveway and
there's a full-on deer
but it can't be alone right oh my god
it's just chilling in our yard whoa I
wonder if there's me more coming up
behind us where in the world did that
come from
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh yeah it's so
pretty look at that but that is so cool
see the sign language bridge now what
are you in now folklore I can't ever say
that word full cluck cluck Leah was your
day your first last day of school
hey mom my first last day of school even
though it's six o'clock at night well
it's like all day work and class all day
but it was cool and I'm excited to use
this tonight it might be a date night so
we're gonna go ice skating tonight but
after thinking about Jen being pregnant
we decided maybe it's not the best idea
to be sliding or how that is while
carrying an infant you know the body is
built to protect the baby but but but
it's cold you would slip because you
slip when you're just looking hey maybe
we'll use the date night survival kit
which my mother gave us my mother and
father
which includes gift cards to all our
favorite establishments so close no
excuse not to have a great date at least
once a week I love you how many days
have you been pregnant now 112 days 112
days in cravings any still hot you
terrible I just really like hot cheetos
sue me and I really love cucumbers of
lemon that's
well I just want any fruit and like
vegetables Lederach save the date night
for like a weekend when we can really
celebrate maybe we should just go get
some rock much love them stuff yeah but
I won't fill me up that's like that I
want the baby to be filled with
nutrition and be strong and not flaming
hot cheetos although that's what i'm
filled with and look at me i mean come
on i'm i don't eat them every day just
so the bags god that's oh yeah just
veggies for dinner
no no there's stuff like what don't
worry about it Jonesy okay now we're
talking eating healthy oh there's good
not of a we have met our nemesis one
more time my mouth salivate I shouldn't
do it I'll show you up this flavor that
cheetahs it's really funny I like them
too so maybe I have already influenced
the baby to like them and this happened
of course we're just getting you new
dosa I'm gonna get full court with Mike
and Mike says number one husband
number one way no another one that's bad
I think noodles is your favorite I see
you can pick one restaurant that's cuz
we went here last year remember I'll be
good this is the best thing about
noodles in any establishment like this I
love pop and like this is the dream for
any personnel is hot like that you click
on those flavors and then you can decide
if you want maybe some orange or
coca-cola which I don't do
colder today in our class there was a
guy I was saying there and Kevin and I
my friend we look over and he has a gun
holstered a like not concealed or
anything just absolutely this is me
trying to capture it and we're like is
that legal I mean campus state's packing
heat
I guess this is what it is like the
things you see in our license like I've
never not everywhere you bring a BB gun
to school is in there you can't go to
high school but in the cowboy country
you got a little mad at the teacher for
a second and I kind of raised his voice
and I like oh my gosh like fighter fight
fighter fight don't pull the gun out
that I'm not trying to joke about that
but it's kind of like
this is weird but I was planning oh yeah
so many options just go with regular
coca-cola how do we feel about that
spelling words like that cutting-edge I
don't like the whole like hey let's use
a K instead of a see I'm never gonna go
there because they spelled cutting with
a k well that's good it's probably
really expensive you guys literally
snowed Oh
all day today well would you just smell
that just mouth like a freakin good time
hello everybody hey yellow yeah hey
what's up what you gonna do about it
can you do about those spring me would
you look at that some people are gifted
others are just God's gift to this world
look at that handwriting look at that
right from that hand there was a day
that I worked at Aggies with my brother
people call this the brothers I was the
younger brother
you wanna worker tried try then this was
my older brother when and a society
could be a family it could be us as USU
students it could be people who are
interested in Jordans yeah anyone for
any group that's defined by like at
least one oh yeah you guys you too I
know yo sells shoes and legs interesting
machine what do you call someone that
studies your feeding and battling
electric nail is the real thing well at
Rene least I'd watch Annalise smile at
Rene oh yeah right yeah oh it's a black
male yeah and you can City willing the
type of light Renee Leah Uriel periodic
is so classifications of people that
study a graffiti in bed yeah but there
are specific types of graffiti like the
messages and they keep going and these
are wonderful
subtopic of Lateran Elia that people
will suppose their map of the best
legend alien probably high schools dude
you know the first floor urinal in the
library
yeah places the golden oh yeah yeah that
blew my mind that girls would write
nasty stuff look at that that's smolder
we took that picture I did I love that
it's still on your friends that should
be at this forever look at that Jesus
model tada
just another day in the life babe camera
bud how are you too bad ok you don't
know John you want me to carry you too
bad oh yes I will pick you up with my
you just took my blanket you are now
ready for ok I think you should have
been a - you'd have done a better job -
full suit so let's go keep singing it's
great so you guys bored of us yet the
top video is yesterday's like at the
bottom video
oh stop the car
