I'm freaking out what's on our clothes
wait what's worse the sir spider this
for sure I'm keeping it which I named
him let's name him today is officially
move-in day and we're super excited I'm
ready to lift a million things get my
workout on hopefully not sweat too much
but we're so excited to get into the
space guys the house I think will be
perfect for us we were getting ready to
move we were trying to figure out what
would be the best way to get all of our
stuff from Utah to Arizona I was think
about driving my own truck but really I
wasn't that interested I was actually
gonna find my dad out to help me pack
and drive it together
a lot of people had suggested you pack
to me in the comments so I went check
that out I watched the videos I was like
this seems pretty good they dropped the
truck off at your house for a couple
days you fill it up they pick it up and
then we just drove here so I send them a
message on Twitter actually and they
said they would help sponsor our move in
today's video so shout out to you pack
for that the truck just got here
looks like the same truck that was at
our house in Utah I think everything's
in there - yeah
this was the students we thought it
would make it mm-hmm Tuesday a lot of
people were stressed out about the
packing job I did I thought you did a
great packing job some people thought we
should have cover things probably wait I
felt the same way but anybody for the
reveal a brand new Oh
I see your basketball hoop and stuff
boxes sounds office just full oh oh just
know his bed it's empty just like that
whatever
there's many sweaty men here so much
stuff look at all these boxes for the
kitchen Wow
didn't seem like that many when I was uh
putting this stuff in the boxes but I
got my new carpet it's beautiful I think
tomorrow I'm gonna go and order that
great couch that I really liked the
brown couch fits perfectly in the loft
it's great up there really great grand
holidays will be two places to hang out
oh boy wish us luck everybody Sam what
do we do do
what did we just do we just bought a
massage chair how we did it
no we put our couch up in the locked
area and now we have a couch to put in
the facility but made me nicer yeah -
awesome and no food on the new couch
cooler on my lap look at this it's a
good new couch you really like it I like
it a lot
it's great I have this really pretty rug
although it's probably a dirty with
these children's dirty little feet but I
have the entire kitchen done you guys
there's so much storage I have like
empty cupboards stuff I don't know where
to put that is not going to stay there
Samson working I'm getting this TV
hooked up kids have been PG just took a
really good nap and Noah's just been
hanging out starting to look good though
anyway I think we should put that table
like by the front door I'm starting to
feel homey I have the pantry done but we
don't have much food right now look how
much storage there is guys there's so
much storage it's just like insane I
have someone to look at her coming to
look at a fridge because left water but
it's just kind of like in hard-to-reach
spaces like over there under here in
this drawer it's like all up there it
was all over the shelves and all in here
and I'm worried that it's in there so I
want them to look at it and
in the ice maker I need to open that up
you don't want mouldy ice so that was an
unfortunate setback and the very
annoying setback at that I just didn't
realize the issue was worse and the
property managers didn't know that there
was something watering either they felt
really bad noting that this is going
smoothly we have the kitchen table up
I just freaked out all right we're still
unpacking as you guys know and I moved
the mattress trying to put a mattress in
the office and what do I find
gosh could it just attack me I thought
like my head was right there my back and
head my back and head right against that
Jen how do you feel this is a first for
feeling dizzy
okay I can't come closer to you right
now clothes
wait what's worse the sir spider this
for sure this cuz I can't miss come me
get a shoe me see I know it's my pet my
office scorpion get the string I just I
can predict the comments if there's one
there's more all right we're moving back
it's been good piece I've seriously
always heard that if there's one tour
pin there's a ton
like if you find him they just keep
going back I'll have to get it sprayed
or whatever bust out some ortho I
literally like what's backing into it
though Oh freak yeah I'm gonna keep it
though I'm keeping it what should I name
him let's name him Stanley
damming yeah yeah we can take it for a
walk people let me tell you about my
best friend it's Stanley he's a scorpion
let's go for a walk
all right who's grabbing him Jen put
your face up to oh come on thumbnail oh
let it pinch pinch your cheek
no no second day here and we see a
scorpion model but ain't no I was just
saying hello
say what we did Monica if I fight
anymore
you're killing it we should we should
figure out why the last fence moved out
because
taking off first guys fantasy football
trip weekend oh my gosh we've had this
plan for like a year
yeah an actual date for and I did some
some bumps because I I've been so
looking forward to this weekend but I
don't want to leave I mean I'm excited
to be here with you guys I just love you
guys so much I feel like we've bonded so
much during the Moon
and the kids just like everyone's like I
know once I get there with the guys it's
all my guys that I'm really close with
from college and we made it wanted to
make an effort to always stay close and
see each other and it's really nice you
know like our family like extends across
the United States so I know like once we
all get together and hang it up they're
like oh yeah I'm excited to be like I
had the same time it's like bittersweet
right knowing that he was leaving this
weekend move in pay is only three nights
to be honest the timing everything and
we have the house intact
there's a couple things we have to
organize but we are almost more impact
than we were in our old house yeah and
we're all done it's gonna be so neat s
our last house did not have enough space
for all of our things
storage storage sounds making a rainbow
dad it's pretty important I have two
linen closets like it's amazing oh man
certain things on my list the honey it
already feels comfortable I feel
comfortable being which is great but
I've been blinded and it's a good it's a
good friends
I see it honey yeah we see it buddy we
see it and I think tomorrow we might go
to the pol no that's not for a couple
weeks just Disneyland
oh it's PG a week okay good we're going
to a point a couple weeks for wedding
anyway it's good it's good we'll just
walk around the house make sure feels
good okay I just feel really good here
it's nice yeah Mitsy Oh see you soon huh
hey buddy I love ya
I unlocked it already
everybody
hey that's what I'm gonna bring you my
surprise when I come home
I see I find it you yes finally you be
nice to hear plain nose obsess PPS
everybody
see things were getting
goodnight ever feels like my keep
Sam decided to go ahead and buy a
freakin black light to go scorpion
hunting even though we are getting
sprayed tomorrow inside and outside
