all night
again again Jen yesterday show this guy
that parked over here like this look at
all these open spots but now he's got a
parked like that got the car I guess you
gotta do it right
I thought I was being really sneaky by
putting the bread in early before it was
done preheating but I wasn't because it
came out like this and the bottoms were
completely burned in the tops didn't
cook all night
Sam's going to play ball we are in week
16 of pregnancy and it says in week 16 a
lot of people have headaches
all right night sometimes you're like
just let me see your hand for some
reason they're always cold at night
mm-hmm I think it's time for bed it's
only 9 o'clock
I had a resolution to go to sleep
earlier this year like before midnight
or be in bed by midnight hopefully
trying to fall asleep by around midnight
how's it going good he's finally every
night how I have evened up feeling like
two or three I can't help it it's just
my it's bad habits my best ideas come
late at night you're editing logs to
like 350 that's not you didn't I
yesterday there is one night I stayed up
editing a vlog cuz but like today I
edited the vlog in a couple minutes at
work so what did I do last night what
what did I do last night
remember see cuz as soon as her head
hits the pillow she's just like
hey you - mu look at that good little
belly look at that guy that's cute that
my bellybutton squishy cuz you're skinny
you know cuz I already do good a bit
early are you doing
we're night owls people the girl that
stays up all night reading your kindle
oh just one more page one more chapter
no I haven't started a new book so I
could go to bed early this week so fair
now she's gonna be up all night
practicing her sign language I'm droppin
that class what are you gonna take it
said ol car colloquium I think open
legends supposedly someone today like
her this week or sometime killed Bigfoot
well yeah they're like gonna stream on
this play I'm going about that you
should write your paper on that got
everyone convinced swag swag swag swag
swag yeah swag yep good bye tomorrow is
my first last day of school we've always
said that 20,000 times in the vlog
tonight what's ball night and Sparty one
water bottle is running out of coldness
I went into this mess to thinking was
gonna be easy breezy beautiful covergirl
and I'll just graduate but now I didn't
realize that it was my capstone classes
and they would be really hard I have a
project already due next week but you
know what this kid over here
okay the week's gonna come it's gonna be
do whether you want to be do or not you
look like hell there so you just gotta
do it and have a good attitude about it
cuz it's gonna come whether you like it
or not
and I agree I agree I I agree so this
kid is helping you stay positive to have
a good attitude because my works gonna
be do whether I like it or not and it's
a lot of work but it's gonna be do I'm
not cold
you're gonna stay positive this semester
Sam has a five-hour class and he's not
complaining yet I like to three hour
classes tomorrow - three hour classes in
a row and one five hour class the next
day and another beautiful kill himself
you have a child you can't do that baby
I had a holiday hangover playing ball
tonight where I felt like I couldn't
even move until halfway through and then
I started feeling good again but man in
two weeks which means I need to work out
I actually think I might do shave us
really yeah cool yeah it's like you
fluids 4% or something I mean I think I
have 4% to lose I definitely don't I
just get I'm gonna gain probably 20% I'm
gonna do shave us possibly 85% chance
I'm thinking about it you lose weight
loss and I gained shayloss I need some
motivation did you show us the child
there it is hi I'm Ron he's a shameless
expert yes
good night world see you later day 8
Jenica do you saw headache they don't
you just said you didn't have all day oh
goodness how many more days of this do
you have
