War Eagle
that's first day of school this morning
it's early it's really cold it's like 10
degrees 17 in Chicago but we're just
hanging up to campus
Sam's dropping me off and then he's
going up to work and it's out and we've
been here for so long and we don't know
where we're going I don't even know
where my classroom is but it's because
it's a sign language class and I've
never taken one of those before so it'll
be an interesting day Sam have no class
to say so that's nice I have one so
that's nice yeah that's first day of
school for you ever for you maybe I
would go back to school yeah I'm done
I'm done
sleep someone gets pulled over on the
first day of school where there is
center yeah and the most traffic ever is
on this road through Oh cops are so
annoying just let people get to class
you're making things worse for everyone
else till like the license plate lights
were out there's nothing else for him to
do Oh seriously look at this the two
guys pulled me over like baby thousand
times for nothing and he's pumped
maneuver right out of students so not
cool
and might be bad but my nickname for him
is tool because when I see him at
the gym he's always wearing muscle tees
like full-on like teenager muscle really
good guys yeah I mean he was nice to me
but still hey license plate light and
then kid this kid needs to get to class
traffic just get in school traffic
pretty morning freezing morning shout
out to shy Laska shy Syria or bunnies
are dairy because it's so cold last
first day of school
first last day of school ever and I'm
still sick I'll officially say it I'm
sick I have a sore throat you know I've
been talking about for like a week I
don't know it's going on I've been
drinking mate' every morning to try and
feel better and soothe my throat
hopefully it does something today Jen
loves things scalding at I'm more like
drinkable hot hmm well to that bit sorry
the year Bamonte I think I got from
Jen's family her whole family drinks the
stuff I don't know if it's like an
argent same thing
it seemed to help this morning so you
know whatever works it was good see they
went through it a little bit and you
leave me back enough slack in today so I
only got a ticket already the
regulator's are out Hey so I finished my
first day of school and I'm walking out
to my car and I see this this is how
students are parking these days I guess
there was no more parking spots it's
pretty hilarious
well first last day of school are you
not feeling it
let's see what you learned today yeah so
would you learn today let's just see a
little bit anything right just let's see
something I think something's like
brother and sister like mother s ay mi
think but it's out like that so out oh
yeah not curved
I learned no like this yeah so when you
finish the class are you gonna be able
to talk to people look like that's what
she said she's like class isn't like a
Spanish one class we get paid just fine
no not not movie that fluent they said
that you can have a conversation with a
person that's it's hard it was an easy
last semester no but what that challenge
when we challenged happy last first day
of school happy last first day of school
mine's actually on Wednesday not today I
just had to work today and work tomorrow
but first celebrating War Eagle
or are you rooting for that dang third
play the game believe this yeah we got a
burn or photo state
oh goody um I'll burn your Florida State
the underdog that's offering Oh so flora
state you want poorer States I want
flora State okay yeah I'm feeling like
Florida State this is like my favorite
food mashed potatoes and gravy if I
could eat one thing first my life this
brings comfy right here all right so
this guy's been jumping all game on the
floors they have a sideline that's got
to be the best job the Florida State
crowd hype man we just literally jumps
up and down with the towel pipe in the
crowd me baby so I sit in the one-take
vlog that I got a Secret Santa gift well
I'm wearing that shirt today and the
Secret Santa also gave me a book called
cooking for deep I started reading it
it's pretty awesome I just think it's
cool what I do is the second year in a
row I've done this Secret Santa online
on reddit it's to set a Guinness World
Record
and you also buy something for someone
you don't even know you try and research
him through their social media you can
look at their profile and read it kind
of figure out what they want and send
them something in the past two years
I've gotten sweet stuff I mean this
shirt that book that's like a $50 gift
and last year I got a Bulls Jersey and
this a Bears football cutting board it's
like over 100 bucks people in this world
are nice there's still a lot of good
people out there it's fun I'm gonna do
it next year I'm gonna do it for as long
as it's going on cuz I think it's fun to
give someone else out there a gift
hopefully someday I can give a bigger
gift because lately my gifts have been
20 to 50 dollars but people have been
super nice to me and I want to give back
so at the end of the first half Auburn
is winning I said I want Florida State
to win now I'm torn because I just read
an article about a guy that bet $100 on
Auburn at the end of last year if Albert
wins tonight he gets 50,000 no 51,000
dollars
I'm not saying anyone should bet on
sports but that's like a crazy story
everyone today was trying to get him to
put money on Florida State goes down in
Florida State wins he still wins a lot
of money it's called hedging your bet
but you know what he stuck to his team
stuck with Auburn he didn't put any
money on Florida State because he's a
loyal fan I love loyal fans
I kind of want to win now we'll see how
the second half goes I don't know if you
can actually see but I'm following mark
he's the guy that place the bet and it's
pretty awesome because he's live
tweeting his feelings and thoughts about
the game as it's happening you just feel
the emotion right now he not only wants
the money but like I think more than
anything he wants his team to win the
national championship he said an article
the money doesn't seem really it if you
meant so it's pretty cool we get rattled
she's going ham on Twitter in her sits
the match we've all been waiting for
FC Jack Gold though versus what's this
guy's name Barry Barry Barry
let's hit the pitch
all I wanna talk to you oh come on come
on get on it from me oh yes yes yes yes
yes
young man Wow
hanging out with my big bro watching the
game
you got to like watch this proposed
right here we go what's this guy that I
need those headphones sir
sir the headphones like what the glue of
the Chicago Bulls
Luol Deng is rumoured to be traded to
Cleveland for injured Brendan and a pig
and we're gonna weigh in Japan what is
nice I'm going because I read a lot last
night please get treated but it's
probably best and what are we watching
Juan Pablo from Pablo Pablo Pablo if you
cry the first night you're not ready for
the show today was a good day we're back
in our groove doing our thing yeah yeah
we're back it's good to be back in my
regular routine we'll see what tomorrow
brings
