hey guys we have literally done nothing
today yes the day of rest we've rested
we got home super late and I'm setting
the bathroom we're home really late last
night and Sam's still getting over this
little sore so we rested all day
did nothing but rest and get ready for
school tomorrow
yeah so this is probably a quick video
today like a little one take um I think
they were seen that anywhere a little
one taken something totally not
we're gonna go dinner upstairs with our
friends but we don't see them in a while
and then we'll probably watch you now
the bachelor or something get ready for
school Juan Pablo
tomorrow's our school and where's the
school okay yeah let's just do one take
but you cut it off guys going on guys
welcome to the yo 12 weeks in the house
look in the mail we got you can kind of
see your address look at this people
that up
best best president of Christmas right
here is he not the nicest guy we all
know yes seriously what the heck that is
amazing
nice note an Outback says you are the
man and my secret santa came last year I
did a Secret Santa but it looks like I'm
still missing a gift because I think my
neighbors stole it not these neighbors
put my other neighbors and they gave me
bullshit
awesome
that's so they seem real bachelorette
party
you
