today is a true test of patience
yeah look at everyone's face right now
we could everyone's face right now this
is as real as it gets because a couple
minutes ago the vlog that was gonna go
up today was completely edited only
during dinner footage from yesterday of
New Year's Day with a the true life of a
preacher's wife a peeping and guess what
happened I went up to go the bathroom as
I was about to export my computer felt
probably about how many feet you're
gonna have to eat dat effect from a
comfy surface to a soft carpet and my
hard drive disconnected my external hard
drive where all the footage is saved and
pretty much the last five years of my
life and I was like okay dang it oops
your guys's reaction was like what you
guys are all screaming I was like oh
don't worry about it it's all good you
know a slightly worried but it was a
cushioning Paul I come back I put in the
hard drive and this is the noise I hear
I'm not play it but I'm worried it's a
reason it's like the devil this is the
last time you hear and this is a true
test of patience not only that but but
the vlogs aren't going up because our
internet our brand new fast internet is
not working and so there's no upload
this is either a sign from the man above
from the man below the man below for
sure
I get more personal problems in this
Internet's down hard drives a broken so
basically I had like ten minutes of
footage of Jamaica and I talking about
how we're gonna blog every day because
the second day when I do it for anyone
except ourselves we just want to like
remember these times for the rest of our
lives it's a huge part of our life
basically we said there's some dancing
this is the were still there I have to
send it to someone and in my resurface
for another couple weeks so basically
this is what it is today
here's the thing though this is really
as it gets if we can even get the vlogs
up tonight we have seriously we have it
we have an hour forty fifty five minutes
before the day ends and now the camera
battery's flashing off you know we have
a lot to be grateful for and that's
what's most important this yeah there's
a little baby in there we're really
excited about that little things get
yeah it still yeah that count you know
first of all problems
peripheral to my legs tomorrow we have
the fridge from today tomorrow will be
better
yeah this is the worst I've had this
problem so many times where I have
edited an excellent vlog and then dies
and I'm like yeah and then I was all put
it doesn't just go this is like every my
life like it's like my life I was in the
photos I think use that I was still
editing from the summer my photos we got
yeah we got meetings on there there we
got a football okay there's a st. Louis
Rams boss we're not really excited about
it but hey we'll play table football no
no man
that's that yeah everything will work
out okay we're doing it to God yeah give
it together jesus take the wheel
giving it to God for sure it's been an
interesting day that's okay it'll be
okay let's try and summarize today
tonight actually the past 30 minutes and
one face each okay summarize the last 30
minutes in one face one faith phrase
face Owen
summarize the last 30 minutes in one
face what so what
summarize the last 30 minutes in one
face perfect so tomorrow today isn't it
cool today what's cool yeah today in
really go as planned did it no today's
vlog was actually gonna be really funny
not funny there's gonna be interesting
it was good it was real but what you got
was even realer but hopefully
everything's okay you guys can see that
footage another time yeah first world
problems at its finest anyways you can
check out day 1 vlog at the top a little
baby announcement video that we did at
the bottom left and a New Year's video
we made last year at the bottom right so
uh let me go yeah until tomorrow
