fool you're going to wear oh are you
trading preschool today yeah hey you
Monica special sous chef today you
helping
what are you helping your make okay
also guess what event is happening in an
hour
Eclipse yes the world women feel like a
sliver of the eclipse
but there's so many oven Logan it's
missed like two weeks ago a week ago and
I just know that be here but I should
have grabbed them anyway isn't Arizona
better than Utah yes
oh gosh people wore in the comment your
face out of that bowl good job
take a same castle Noah pancakes Castle
okay now you go for the water cooking
with Noah and Monica cooking with Noah
and Monica oh good mix of all the water
and the batter together you're going to
wear oh are you starting preschool today
coming over in the way over here so I
don't see you better okay please go with
my friend cycling dark soccer and
baseball light out not tomorrow but next
month they start sucking look at all
that he's so grown up got a new
back-to-school t-shirt do you pick out a
Superman t-shirt yeah only if you turn
around Superman hat I wish she wasn't
wearing to school day because his hair
looks so cute and some new sneakers
obviously 22 the side little superhero
sneakers because he's a superhero he's
so brave going to preschool today huh
that's doctor pretend I don't know what
that thing was I don't know Sam
let him have it it was discount on two
dollars so that's why huh
because someone's starting preschool
today are you excited
you look so grown-up today let me see
face why do you look so grown up and
handsome and so cute yeah I'm excited
for you know excited are you so brave
you have so much fun yeah yeah well my
feet your backpack is in the car huh
may I get you some snacks for your
backpack you have a great time see it
what's your sign first day of preschool
yes so Mike a lot of friends go here's
your thirstier waffle nutritious first
day of school breakfast we grab those
things take them in okay let's go okay
let's take your backpack off placing
each other you ready let's do this know
you'll do great
preschool he was a little nervous
himself so he's he Jeremy's like we just
come in with hands she's so sweet
you got his own little bucket first
backpack it needs to pick out an animal
to put on like to make sure he knows
it's hid she is just so nice and then
they had the little name game so you
could learn everyone's names and there's
lots of little boys in the class so
that's great I'll make some friends and
then cuz he did not want me to leave at
first he was like you you stay with me
it was like I'll just stay for a few
minutes he sat down and do the name came
in and I said okay I'm gonna go take
care of sis now and he said okay and I
left him and he was fine not a tear so
it's doing good oh gosh it's just so
so crazy that my baby's in preschool
it's like now it officially never ends
school doesn't end until he's how old
are you graduate college 22 or later
okay so now we're gonna go back to
Monica's no that gets picked up in a
couple hours we're gonna get some stuff
done Sam has to get to the house the new
house and then me and Monica are gonna
run a few house errands cuz we need a
rug
we might honestly guys we might get a
new couch for downstairs and put the
brown one up in the loft for like the
kid hangout so we're not sure yet though
because I kind of just want like a nicer
one for downstairs
that doesn't get eaten on and doesn't
get kids gunk on all right although I
know that's dumb and I know that will
happen which is fine but I just want
like like a gray couch or something just
more neutral than brown so I don't know
we'll see also have definitely like a
rub but it's all tile downstairs and I
think it would be nice to have like a
rug there it's so weird just to say oh
we live in Arizona my dad kept saying
dude it's so weird it's so weird that
you live in Arizona but we're excited
good feelings whatever he wanted to
preschool I was reading the Sheep last
night I was gonna reload things like be
confident say goodbye don't try anything
other than nothing so I was like yeah
yeah well he was nervous when I first
got there who was like really nervous
like no I don't wanna go I said okay
I'll go in with you
and meet your teacher and so then all
the kids line up and wait for all the
kids outside together so I was like
walking by themselves which is really
nice idea actually it's great and
there's another little boy with the r2d2
backpack and a little both of like a
lighting McQueen backpack it's all boys
and one little girl like yeah it's five
boys but everyone was big and then they
I went in and watched for a minute and
they got their own little bucket with a
little like and they couldn't pick out
their own animal sticker to put on it to
identify it as their bucket right no
technically this was the first wave
August but he's only this
like two or three weeks thought back oh
I did not cry I'll cry I'll cry when he
goes to kindergarten all day because
that's an all-day thing that was so
weird
that speaking our kindergarten was
half-day as well yeah but uh no opposed
to half-day I don't think he could
handle that but then they sat and did a
name game so if you learn everyone's
names they rolled the ball to each other
and I thought I thought the game was
like okay I'm gonna go home and take
care of sis and he said okay and I said
give him a kiss goodbye and walked out
and then I got Phil this little student
information sheet out for their teacher
I know it's official it never ends after
now school never ends no no this is like
a 24 year commitment if you guys you
know hopefully I'm hoping he goes to
college he was I think he's excited
though not only is there and he sees
that his teachers really nice and all
the kids like listen to her
yeah and they all were listening to her
which was great well at least while I
was there so I think it was it was a
cute set up - we have a preschooler and
I was getting him dressed I was like oh
my gosh you look so bright we out here
we're getting to home goods and I'm
really excited homegirls morning oh good
no boys are loud you know boys are like
nope here looking for a rug a rug you
hear me well that's a cute mirror Circle
America
that one's really pretty yeah it's not
huge
let's do me let's just go walk through
this cute girl stuff so much cute stuffs
there
Oh cute little elephant cute little
draft off with why you sent a picture of
this to me my friend Kaitlyn the cutest
little giraffe and a pink hot-air
balloon why why Robby's gotta be so
expand so my rugs got me so expensive
but see I feel like when this size might
be fine cuz it's just you know in front
of the couch right oh hey yeah not for
that price tag which rug do we get I
can't decide if I want something neutral
or something with some color but I
always pop color right however like this
one find all the kids to destroy it
which they probably would 50 which one
is that like it's nice I do like the
color of it don't cry just another
camera freakin Oh Noah up from preschool
right now but I have my celebratory pink
sprinkles donut
and don't homes for us because they
still haven't eaten any of the problem
your car seats in Monica's truck get in
my phone would you make a school yeah
airplanes are butterflies those are
airplanes would you learn about okay Wow
airplane oh if you enjoyed it did you
have a good time no one another airplane
Jeff um was fine I'm so proud of you I
told you we come right back huh and
we're here to pick you up it's a bit of
a surprise for you
happy first day at playschool what is it
Joey night that's so yummy
oh did you'd like it do you like your
teacher she's so nice huh miss Amy Oh
friends yeah no back on Thursday yeah
cool guys good night
today is officially move-in day
