ray bill Matt Bob in life the lights
just the power just turned off what the
Freak okay
scream like a little girl but the power
and literally just went off and I'm kind
of freaked out okay sounds like it's
still on downstairs though Bob forever
I'm strolling downstairs did I take the
power out with me
the power just went on upstairs I don't
know what happened I thought it was you
turning out the light trying to scare me
and I like you screamed in Oz filming
it's just I've wolf use up my freakin
sewing machine bobbin so my dad got this
tent went for Noah when he was probably
one or one and a half we really build it
much because our talent about that time
was like there just wasn't space oh I
thought I just got lost the poles but I
found the poles and we had always hit
the top of the closet and so today I
busted it out for the kids
they've been playing so well together
are you yeah are you in a tent yeah I
was watching the Olympics on my phone it
looks like someone's been enjoying the
Olympics oh my goodness
gold medal you just like say Angelica
you know it's pretty cool they didn't
want any part of it so I've just been
gathering up trash to take down putting
folding laundry I mean it's still kind
of mess I just do like vacuum up all so
I'm sorry I'm like a total greaseball
right now but I mean take a shower but
you know you can't do the clean up stuff
before you shower just then here comes
my favorite little human you couldn't if
every little human here comes my
favorite little human
love you I'm coming I'm coming
hey who is it my little string mean come
here what have you been doing yeah that
sin usually ends up in our house so PJ
what's up this little girl has heard
that he wrapped around her finger
she's making him walk all the way home
to get her car and he's doing it because
I just can't not do it for her you're a
good dad
Oh got that she's got him wrapped here's
a pike pike let's figure all the way
home
go get her pink you seriously went all
the way back for the skateboard that's
yes that's a new alert where'd you learn
papi huh happy what happy with our
finger come on easy
happy happy oh you're so cute happy okay
put your helmet on your skateboard let's
put your helmet on you want to get her a
new helmet that doesn't represent the
both probably do four new helmets
oh so sassy you better say thank you
daddy just took you to get a skateboard
she's gathered she's gonna clip her
herself to showcase there's a hole up
there go to the top
Jenny taking a little trip on the ropes
Noah come to the top now right this
seems unsafe to me though I've seen him
fall from like right there and catch
himself like a video game or a movie but
scary but I forgot and I didn't think I
would get this much done but I've been
working on my dress I look like flush
well hot it's a little dance so what
you're doing is kind of intense
anyway a poverty far I've got my skirt
done and I even gathered it you guys I
gathered a skirt and I have the top sewn
together and now I'm going to attach
this skirt to the top so I guess I've
literally been following her blog
tutorial like step by step and it's
really awesome she shows like little
pictures all you can't really see it
there you go
of like what to do you know I'm really
nervous for this part because I'm going
to attach the skirt to the top got like
a light fabric like lightweight fabric
because it's for the summer and it's
gonna be hot it's already hot I'm
thinking I definitely should have done
like something way stretcher but I'm
really proud of myself I've got a skirt
it's really cute it's currently inside
out okay oh okay where did you in today
what do you say is it I'm so happy happy
happy can you say I'm happy let it go
yeah we're gonna turn it on a new word
every single day this week what word
should we learn tomorrow see water
say people with little kids out there
with some good words for us to learn see
which of the words
tickle tickle tickle tickle
I love when you say tickle tickle tickle
tickle do you want to do any sanic
Olympics events what's something you and
an Penelope could do that it's fair just
for fun both winners play games you guys
want to do a race next evening all right
back at it again but with cleaner fish
boom I fixed my hands most of them
anyway I i hemmed the bottom of my shirt
so it's much cleaner now and I might
even just hem these or put like a piece
of fabric encasing it and so don't sew
that like it doesn't keep Franks I might
just keep it a tank top for PJ since
it's so hot here and just not do the
sleeves at all I'm gonna wait and see I
do I think I might need to make the neck
hole a little bit bigger so I have that
and I also rehabbed the top of my skirt
as well just like literally a centimeter
like not even a ton just that would stop
fraying and there were like just so many
strings everywhere and then I did my
gathering stitches sorry if I can get
better I did my basting stitches basing
I don't know basting whenever I say
basting and what I think of a turkey
baster I think this is the same name
though right basting stitch I don't know
whatever anyways I tried to do them ooh
focus I try to do them closer to the hem
and closer together and I think I did a
little bit
I'm not gathering it as much I just hope
I didn't take off too much
length by hemming this this is basically
how much I use the last tie or like the
night before
wish me luck guys I'm gonna try to
attach the shirt this to this and make
it a dress here it goes nothing
last night ended in disaster hopefully
tonight ends in success but also if
you're trying this pattern do not buy
this fabric don't buy this cheap cotton
yes it was three dollars but it frays
like nobody's business so if I'm
successful of this I might make another
one out of like a knit jersey or
something like a knit something or other
I don't want to think too thick I need
something stretchy moments later you
guys I did it I really did it oh my gosh
I connected it without it like going
crazy I did it I'm so proud of myself
nothing I'm just gonna go in and hand
the UM armpits all the shoulders I'm
gonna leave it a tank-top though I mean
like you can tell like some like I
should have gathered more over here but
you know first time not too shabby
okay so I'm gonna kind of show you the
underneath though so I've definitely
learned that I can do the base and such
is like way higher like this is my this
is where it's connected like there's a
lot of space left is that is that right
or should I have like SONA a lot closer
I don't know I'm still learning so it's
not too bad
I mean that's what it looks like
underneath I don't think it'll bother
her or anything I'm just gonna do this
part now and I think I'm gonna wait to
do the neck until tomorrow when I can um
measure excite just make it a little bit
bigger for her all the way around I
don't know we'll see how it goes I gotta
see if it fits her first my kids have
kind of big heads
with a congratulations
