guys we made it oh and this week has
been so tiring the packing the cleaning
the drive it just feels good to be here
take a little break before we move into
the house we first started a pack
actually wanted to have a fun breakfast
for Jen the morning up to kind of get
excited amped up for the move because
let's be honest packing isn't the most
exciting thing cleaning is even worse so
here's what happens at eleven o'clock
everybody's in bed resting I thought it
would be fun to surprise Jenica in the
morning with a nice little nutritious
breakfast I don't think she expected
because I really can't render gloss on
my mat or breakfast so it's only going
to take a couple seconds to repair
actually I'm going to try out these
overnight oats can you guys see em it's
a bunch of different flavors shout out
to quicker for sponsoring today's video
I'm actually really excited try these
out I've not tasted them before word I
seen them online very like trendy mom
thing to do so
a blueberry banana raisin walnut and
honey heaven toasted coconut and almond
crunch and orchard peach pecan
perfection so I'm actually going to do
is I'm going to put milk and half of
them and then the other half have almond
milk because Jen prefers almond milk
this is a new product it actually looks
amazing all you have to do is add the
milk to the line you put it in your
fridge it will get all good and
delicious during the night you wake up
and you eat it this actually looks super
simple there's a little line that you
fill the milk up to so to Lyman add some
almond milk because that's what Jen
prefers
I got money hid right now but I'm not
going to smells really good put the lid
back on and then add to the fridge for
at least six hours I don't know what to
expect I'm actually really excited I
will just leave you guys here I'll see
you in the morning I think they're done
ready not to find out oh Jenny
I've got breakfast I'm gonna try the
toasted coconut online crush there you
go my left I want to capture the first
place
zooming in oh gosh well this one really
good look good minority but there's full
almond tongue today hmm
oh here's you more though cuz there's
actually yeah
web site orchard peaches pecan
perfection it definitely needs you way
to have a fun nutritious breakfast if
you guys want to check these out I'll
put a link in the description you can
click on it learn a little bit more and
try it out for yourself tell me which
flavor is your favorite to try this one
right now we all slept until 10 a.m.
today was kind of awesome look at the
window looking um we said I would talk
last night and it was wonderful because
they only have one small window because
of nice and dark and literally all four
of us slept until today I said if
University in last night which is the
greatest Hotel in the country I'm going
to say that because when you get in they
give you free I screaming a little like
Kourt powders yeah little vouchers for
me go get them right there at the front
desk it's cheap it's like staying at
your grandma's house so fun so nice and
if you want to get into any room in the
entire hotel you have access right here
well go to all that there's actually a
fold the Internet
where I look internet set it up and yeah
yes with him no one went to clean the
house last night um and let me tell you
pulling cable through this building
black but we've already like say goodbye
to Logan and like the University so it
feels weird like seeing stuff on campus
like when we were walking through the
lobby were like oh but more our families
like met for the very very first time
which means this hotel lobby eight years
ago eight years ago seven oh the first
time we left it was easier to leave in a
way because I don't know what it was the
next step was like we were just leaving
school you know I mean like we were a
single bike like Logan not like really
people because we still saw our friends
when we hijacked we've been back for two
and half years again but this time we're
saying goodbye to like so many friends
and people and it's just like and not
just and Logan in like all of Utah were
like saying goodbye so it's a lot harder
this time
pretty weird but we've got a few a few
last-minute things to house to do and
then a few you see you laters and then
we're gonna head out I successfully
cleaned an entire house we did it it's
like we're like doing the last walk for
you know the spot but you missed the
night before we're done empty one good
locker
yeah I was ours guys it feels like when
we first moved in we do a little
flashback of Noah running around whoa
babe okay stay outside with the chip on
your face I remember that I was kind of
like just nervous
mm-hmm excited and these walls
I forgot this this house has like no
feeling or anything to me and that's
somebody wonders mm-hmm PJ's room our
room this is it guys oh my gosh
accomplice he got the Nell plush
bless that man this house is good to us
very good to it I so many memories I
can't can't help us smile throughout her
home to this house that's what we said
when we left our little apartment felt
like we brought NOLA home here and now
this is where we've got her home here's
Noah's little room carpets are great
they last a nominal and I would say you
later took a few people Ehlinger door on
the road where so I see them once if I
do our neighbors Caroline and Grady and
Marlene Lewis Marlene I just loved
talking to her every day you might leave
a chat saying it things I keep
forgetting have to do what's on the
front door in this area okay I'll do
that
not quite done yet DJ can you say bye
you want to get in these were our first
real life in the flesh anymore cuz we're
leaving us no really think about it
yeah three years ago we went out and got
pizza with it three had to buy yeah I
honestly and Jared from coming in a beer
oh wait crying she's asleep
the cutest baby and like you're just
who knew that all this was ahead of
another one today we talked about like
wouldn't be cool if one day we did
YouTube is living and now no fun but
baby bye good bye good bye cute blue
house no calls us his blue house you
were good to us
this house was good to us
this is that yeah I was Mira I felt more
emotional last night and now like I'm
ready by Blue Hose by tomorrow
we love you blue how many memories blue
house DJ was born there blue house
goodbye
okay and now one love see you later -
this kid are you really crying I'm kind
II know I like you I don't get a black
guy like never what ever ever you know
get emotional I like you did when we
gave you a laptop when we some real big
outs on great thumbnail bang that's a
great oh no I guess the a hot give me a
rose oh oh you want me to go with you
guys like I'm already packed off plots
mistake coming with us they love you
I love you okay ruff letting me watch
your kids although blue sea for the
holiday earlier need anything well I
want to take it away oh yeah I
definitely will come
now oh hi
we're at my brother's house oh my gosh
kami carrier on the flower not reading
Harry Potter everyone be proud this
first time proud technically first-ever
yeah so broken um we got here a few
hours ago they're letting us crash she
show my down here good hello my gosh yes
please of the decorate is hairstyling no
don't say that
gonna name it looks does it sir yeah
let's go here and see the city oh my
gosh look at that okay hopefully say
right here that's an hour's not what to
do oh my gosh oh my gosh
so so it was my free one because I've
done them before it's four dollars a
haircut I cheat and cuz so I'm just
budgeting so recently is my free one cuz
I got only stamps or whatever and like
my last time and of course it's the
worst I mean the structure was like oh
yeah that that looks real sniffing good
bro give you your America she's a
student they're like four months into it
five months into it yeah I've had some
really hype it goes to show you about my
haircuts like great today what are you
doing she's trying to flush this is
where you do weird people this late at
night everybody to go to bed hired John
Roman right now dude
I will hotdog Haley so bad
our cameras are broken the whole fat
glasses woloson Oh like I mean you've
used it pretty good
this is Haley my sister-in-law's sister
hi they're twins
come here Haley come to end okay
whatever you guys they sound the same
you end both auction all three of you
fellers even my mind let me pay missing
like anyone that have color how the
ability they just start talking thinking
that we were mom and we're like would
you like to speak to her mom oh yeah
Jennifer like when thank you anyway my
da anniversary date nights five
University Kavya and I'm trying to go we
saw any spider-man awesome pheromones
awesome patent it yet I want to see it
so he is kidding okay it's so mad at you
like that guys heard burglars click a
knight say see you an area not might and
Cara Lee when you come to honest I wash
the kid great growing power low and
unloaded the traffic way oh yeah okay oh
right oh my god Cara Lee under patrol
right so buddy okay good night everyone
good good night ever your guys Maya
you know oh my goodness Wow how the cue
ball turn to you why is one of your own
