20 guys oh well first time you're my
hero
oh she is just tails first time holding
PJ
hey girls don't go
by 1800 it's missed ya hey you saw any
butter your head still hurting that's
good
Noah slept until a grand finale of 11:30
yeah that's a cute picture oh my gosh
you guys I don't know why but I feel
like this packing and moving and
everything has been so much more taxing
maybe because I was pregnant with the
other ones and they don't have to do
anything except for the pack which is
another hat just like moving everything
out I feel like we've dragged it out two
days of packing and loading and packing
it's just taken a toll on our bodies oh
my gosh I've never been so tired but
that feels like I've walked at
Disneyland for like a week straight whoo
let's see it looks like these are ready
to go I'm just need to put the knives in
and that's it and then these two are out
of here limbs just about done Sam coming
back to seeing a dolly for the washer
and dryer and then we're going to move
out mattresses and the beds I mean
really so much I haven't found the cue
baby
oh hey you know what Sheldon I don't
even remember the last time I picked
this up 12:40 and we're on the last
stuff Lily's not left in my house it's
so stuffy throw on top you know just a
few things
yeah you can't even you can't even see
the work that I've done Sam did an
amazing job
loading this truck
it's like puzzle look I can't see
there's a that's probably three or four
layers right there yeah so many like I'd
in there
everything's in there we actually paid
at this point right here so we could I
think we can get away with just what we
paid for
I don't know look at how much does it
cost for more foot yeah how much would
one more foot costs $1,000 no actually
it's gonna be only play 500k long yeah
we need to figure out what I do know is
bed we're not sure where we're going to
put this thing and I hate that being all
scratched up should cover that
look at all of our ah your spine it
under there let me check first turn
around what uh yeah there's better right
frickin there oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
god yeah this is insane I'm so tired and
this is madness right now next morning
good morning sweet world
we move and Arizona clothing it a shower
like four hours of sleep maybe five and
the truck was officially back check this
act it actually guesstimated we would
only need to right here in the truck and
look it here it's perfect
barely barely push this in a little bit
we got everything kind of tossed some
things in right here but it's the
lighter stuff everything will be okay
anything good
happening I won't cry don't cry because
it's every cry because it happened like
it's filippo sleeping on the floor just
makes me look dead but okay another busy
day ahead of us
alright the trucks here to pick up the
trailer
cien Arizona stuff oh gosh guys I think
I might cry you're gonna cry I'm gonna
cry say a little prayer that our stuff
makes it in one piece
goodbye farewell we'll see you in
Arizona and look who just pulled up it's
going good our stuffs leaving he made
sure to check to make sure everything
was like locked in and everything so he
did it right yeah he took service we
were supposed like undone snapped it or
something yeah he didn't like one fell
swoop and I was like what's up a lot
harder this morning that's right goodbye
my stuff I'll see you again in a couple
days hopefully I have been cleaning
since 10:00 a.m. it's really really
exciting really good and really that
perfect I come here he'll be hearing
about yeah this is why I wanted to get
this like the cutting the car deal with
carpet gun I don't think my body's ever
been this tired I've been giving birth I
haven't been this tired because he
pushed the baby out for the newbie to
lay in bed I don't get to lay in bed
I've just been bending over panic hope I
had a baby I had you first Wow
it's okay it's a different type of pain
but this like mess every limb my
necklace everything is sore yeah Thank
You Austin
he was lifting all the hair like I can't
avoid camera hurts my arm I've also run
this like five times
that's good didn't endure egg wash it
every doing so he did shower today I
keep watching it there I share it and I
just need to shave once everyone was
down
I've got utility setup to the new place
but we could have been one day I got
internet soon I'm instead of a Monday or
go pick it up and it's going to be like
twice as faster than a
what's up good people today is a very
like bittersweet day ambulance guy
yeah dad my Jail oh wow the hot tub is
your Jail
it's pretty nice Jill yeah today is
bittersweet just because release and
we're excited to you know we're gonna
meet up with tail shaved ice right he's
going to the open house he starts school
on Monday you started school soon - yeah
you say that's not Aaron anyways
oh my both babies ran top the people he
didn't write the copy I missed it
everyone's a fan and what about me my
chopped liver oh my gosh I love her hair
like that are you looking all cute for
final a date night no don't because I
told myself I wasn't gonna cry but I've
already like gonna cry I'll cry I'm
feeling really emotional oh don't cry
I'm into like the crises Oh
oh whoa go homie
oh thank you man
Mikey I know I heard about it you get
that the mark you for our date night if
you looking up to look at all these
babies and it gave us anything like
anyone I am
so cute look at those cute kids playing
she was just saying that no was crawling
and now he's running and tail was Noah
sighs yeah it's so true the first time
my very first memory ever of you guys
you were walking to the park and he was
he was in his truck as a little push
truck and I would walk by you guys
working out but he's directly Trish made
Trish may talk to become friends because
I do happy she did I trade it I can
breathe bird and I remember I had she
loses clothes oh yeah that's how we
became friends you offered me off his
clothes okay hey galavant you can be
helping people I guess are you guys
going to miss the space let's look at a
close-up of this cute little put your
lips together yeah hi princess April you
gonna miss me do you miss an Chris
Farley Hall in your memories
it was hit again
there's now quite a baby go haha I love
Sam hi guys hi guys
you my best friend as you like thanks
Greg might be bitch like utilize
it so ray my watch feels so hey I can do
a stick Oh whoever cries oh well first
time you're my best friend tail oh we
love tail
yeah patty was trying pretty hard like
I'm trying to keep it together because I
know I'm just gonna cry like a baby when
we drive out of here don't you start by
lining is that crying already
okay don't cry because I'm gonna cry
okay
they've been really good friends to us
we're gonna miss them
I
Trish yeah I will buy some squared base
time though and just ignored planning
our trip out because that's a winter so
really good no queers got a hotel today
so now we're on our way there to hotel
for the night and then my brother went
with his kid to bed well I love this
another cool and then my brother's gonna
come sit and watch them while they just
stay with nicely so many things in there
speaking out after phantoms we're
tickled with a little rest first
we only have the kitchen last such as
well as you know less adjust the kitchen
oh that's quick distance we'll have both
of us doing the kitchen
juju Caballero Secada yeras llegamos as
fin de nuestro nuestra tiempo en esta
casa en mostest fruit arroz de todo lo
que kayak en esta casa okay with some
combined clean the carpets the guy did a
phenomenal job just phenomenal these
carpets
I really just suck in the oil and just
anything daily use even if no one was
wearing shoes it got dirty especially
with the kids
I know it looks kind of like funny right
there because of the shadows completely
clean we also had a little incident in
the bedroom one night Papa my silver
nail polish everywhere I tell you going
to take the time I think I look pretty
scarce kidding oh uh yeah red nail
polish everywhere we I just went
upstairs and he got that he did such a
good job such a good guy I was like
trying to hook him up with the stuff
some of our stuff with my man you need
like a shuffle I'll be gravy me a snow
shovel and
anything else looks good I walked I did
a walkthrough upstairs though and the
house felt empty it's like we've been
getting ready to move and throughout
life especially as a parent I realize my
happiness it's just it's right it took
you guys doesn't matter where we are
you know I just love this little house
so really good Peru and this
neighborhood
I shall fab like we happen to be here
when our friends are home soon as they
buy lean and Caroline yeah we're gonna
swing by in the morning do some final
touch-ups mop clean the floor up real
quick in the fridge and the fridge we're
gonna give David a bunch of food and not
today guys honestly though having all
the vlogs to is incredible
like the kids will forever remember this
time with this house and maybe that
original memory but they'll have the
video is to look back on left and blue
house and know he keeps talking about
his blue house I like my blue house how
do you like your blue house he's excited
said he's at the age right now where
it's not too traumatized but one thing
that was traumatizing was when the truck
pulled away today she thought it was
taking all our stuff and we were ever
getting it back yeah so he cried a
little bit also had a nap nose like not
feeling that right there yeah it's
bittersweet I make up bittersweet guys
so many memories so many things
documented the Stanback Olympics in this
kitchen
birthdays bringing the baby home
it all happened to I love boxing that
one time that's crazy is that we have
our house together that we learn a
little four-plex little bit of that five
courses curve is a result leaked out the
places from the procurement
no and then we do but not blog at our
house and then this house 404 this awful
places
dank memers lack next houses
goodbye yeah yeah I'm done with this
moving thing and each move though has
brought new opportunities bigger space
and this was the perfect place for us in
the perfect time and the people that
surrounded us and supported us the best
well that's it let's not good bye see
you later yeah I guess that's it some
rest
maybe we'll get sleep at a decent hour
it's only midnight
good night ever
