yeah-ah doesn't look like much but it is
trust me look at this
Petra's in real life in enough room for
me to sneak on the truck so this is the
plan you see my 24-hour challenges we're
going to be in a movie Church for the
whole movie yes no I'm cause you see
good morning sweet world today was our
last day at our warden church here I ask
now Encarna you got a car his little
classroom nursery like he's always
wanted to go with us and lately he just
he's like dad get out of my class he's
been good cackling he's been nice
aving he's growin up arriving there's so
many good people that we've met in this
area that I've been so good to us and
and honestly like I've never been like
really upset to leave award but like I'm
sad to leave the court yeah really like
I think when we come back to visit
especially from Logan we're here on
Sunday well to go back there because
yeah I far I think I'm here where
they'll be better it was it was my
favorite ward it's weird to think that
it was are like really our last week
like I don't feel like it was really
long and I did only like say goodbyes
anyone I hate go best see you later
we're showing PJ how to eat the sandwich
you hold it like this hey did you have
fun at church today yeah yeah you kind
of backlit but yeah and two months
you're going to be in Noah's class PJ's
given your question too much oh this kid
was used to nap today like literally we
tried for like over an hour and then I
decided to curl up on dad and softly to
prevent on to my neck pulled me and
rested his little head what does a
little Maui need to recreate that little
so that we're laying in my belly
so one of you one - oh really a budgeted
back-to-back home runs were playing the
Arizona Diamondbacks he was ok no joke
he looks still going up right now
sleeping on you like this he looks so
grown up Judy please this is my whole
kitchen right here done most of it I
have like a few little things I'm going
to check into one of the boxes but look
at this toy closet that I conquered
today
toys those two boxes are toys as well
but that's really I got rid of quite a
bit we still might get rid of a few
things like this and not sure what else
I got rid of quite a few stuff animals
but there's a few of our deaths I just
can't get rid of sorry I got all of
Noah's old clothes put away into a bin I
have like 5 or 6 bins of clothes most of
the most I just have like bins of stuff
that I don't really need but I don't
like it Riddick's I know we're gonna
have another baby I don't know if I can
be a girl or boy so I don't want to like
throw away the clothes yet you know what
I mean until like we're done having kids
but that just means bins and bins that I
just shoved in this closet so I got put
away all the small stuff so now all I
have to do is to chuck the stuff he
actually wears into like a suitcase
because we're going to not a suitcase
for a while
actually this is the week hi pumpkin
I cut a lot done Sam's going to try to
tackle his office tonight because we got
to get like his desks in there and stuff
we're trying to get all the big stuff in
look at it she's getting more confident
on the trampoline and it's so fun
jump jump jump only if she's the only
one though she doesn't like it that
other kids on here jim-jim jump yeah
you've got so much crazy Harry today sis
Kim jump jump uh-huh we took you high
yeah we'll see what else happens
tomorrow morning Noah's gonna go close
Jackson Ellie's like drop no off let him
play well you guys get the stuff out of
the house and then I only have to worry
about one although Ellie said I could
drop off both I was like no way that's
too many children yeah I just I was like
I'll be fine if PJ I'll just strap it in
me or something I don't know we'll stay
out of the way you need a new diaper
so we go change your diaper yeah let's
go change it come on
you are such a good girl I say let's go
change your diaper and she comes and
lays down huh good baby good baby hey
come here
would you build a sandcastle can you
show me you do it again if you do it
again what's that you're putting in
there this dance must be wet or dry wet
you guys built a huge one
no show me yours go proud of your
sandcastle that's so cool
your progress has been made boxes on
boxes on boxes we just got done stirring
out all of like the condoms like
everything that's gone bad in the fridge
got smells like the towels and winnings
packed up I've got the couch separated
and ready to move we've been doing work
happening tomorrow us today Sam's really
nervous that the trailers not going to
fit in that I'm very nervous very
nervous I don't want to like I don't
want to make the neighbors mad either I
know we'll see what happened where's
your slack towards our first day moving
stuff out of the house it's kind of
crazy it'll be exciting though sorry
accepted a family successfully man
doesn't foreign frustration holy night
thousands yeah yeah we sting oh that
doesn't matter
yeah you'll be at damage to get 2000
yeah you'll be fine
I'm just excited to like start clearing
about so it feels like so it feels like
I've gotten stuff done although I know I
have like the pantry is looking good and
we
I need to buy more boxes now and more
bins and I think good to go
it feels like all the boxes we had yeah
most on this filthy in the garage
there's like one or two did not make me
blankets to cover some the friends were
special probably that's why I haven't
taken up the Bears ways of managing
Susan I'm excited and nervous and
excited in earnest which is like the
next Norman moving day one has arrived
well the trailer has arrived and it's a
trying series and so nice and waiting to
help us pass or move everything but big
a huge all right the first step is out
the cash cushion and the Ottoman to
leave visit Bedford I have a friend
who's moving and her trailer was the
entire length of the street Wow no way
the ceiling it's like not hard yeah we
didn't wanted to put it in the backyard
stop it so big trailer I think we'll be
okay it's really tall and it's really
nice because it has the number on each
little panel so you can see like
basically we're going to pay for how
much makes potato you know hopefully we
don't take up all of it although we are
almost all of it yeah we did
we're moving we're here this is a what
hey I did I oh gosh what's happening fam
it's happening
pretty soon hopefully it'll be so crazy
how it looks like some like looking into
it it looks like a way farther distance
than if you just look at the street yeah
cuz I'm so much more in quick okay we've
been packing we just got showered and
changed and we're currently at brilliant
Derek's house to have a lot supper with
that who's that
it's been good friends to us very good
friends to us
so fun working with them and hanging out
from this I see I'm using you
thanks for dinner brief look at relaxing
yesterday so far yeah seriously and they
go into the good bounce slicing all the
neighborhood kids frolic to it they
flock to it come fill me going on in
guys
day can be 67 which actually feels
really cold right now they're safe or
something oh my gosh I'm pretty sure no
I think that I'm oh oh here you go
the question is no do you feel like you
have to be yeah I was just not something
like without her on it my head DJ's
landing the jump jump almost goodbye you
just
oh good jump is a good joke you did it
oh I love her jacket is it so pretty
really Wow wouldn't that be nice to have
this edgy dress guard dog if we let him
up here he'll be all these tomatoes okay
what do you say buddy this is like true
organic yeah can say thank you
pesticides what the hell
look at this hmm that's like a great
look at it I'm great it's beautifully
you can just eat it what the hell
wait wait wait what you got what you got
marshmallows what are we gonna make what
we made smores I wanted to share my
favorite memory with Derek and Rico I
think my favorite memory honestly was
like no just have it together like
conventions I've been really buff but
one of my favorite is when we got the
basketball hoop and it took us like
literally a possible no so we moved to
your house oh and we're like we're gonna
have a basketball game we're going to
film it have a good time it took us like
six hours not only that I don't even
think we built it right no no we're so
exhausted
we're playing anyways making this video
and then my camera actually
Oboro but it was such a good memory that
I didn't even care monumental night
because there's going to be a basketball
hoop in here soon no commit commit
commit commit oh my gosh Tyler alright
say let's go
little did I know just in case the term
how many guys does it take to put
together this best we live down so far
we have we have one two we got me three
four five Derek six seven zero okay
we're ready now so I came and dropped
and I think you're parable buddy Jenna
head but the camera like I had so much
fun that night it's all because you
still don t wanna come back I did you
wrong that's our mascot all right love
ya prospector ah I'm honest killed right
I have like a fun weekend good time like
oh yeah anyway just beautiful girl you
have to share a good memory when you eat
smarty yeah sitting around the fire
medicine where's the birds a guitar whoo
my house you s'more dude yeah Missy I
know why
okay so I have bag so that's just a cook
marshmallow I do my mine
I'll switch my hungry so good sticky let
me share face give up give us more safe
oh yeah oh my she doesn't usually he
does not stay with other people Bri this
is a big deal he did not like anyone my
mom are we positive she's not yours if
you know that that I thought you guys
hear that bye look at these baby
swinging look you do good girl are you a
big girl yeah are you big girl Cody yeah
kick your legs
pump pump we make weird if I believe so
far let her bum pass good far back to
perfect yeah look at these little
friends look as I'm swinging together
they'll be in the same grade of school
it's not fun cosy turns to this fall and
its use in the spring so they'll be
nothing grade and be visit specific day
your do big I'm so glad that we came
over to
come visit us in Arizona will go to that
restaurant okay yeah you might be sad
that you said that because you remember
how much I love that risk I'll be
popping hey we have a spare bedroom your
first salad of Arizona will bring you
the review live oh I need that see you
do Khaled what the college is better
than a salad suddenly suddenly salad oh
that's like what puts it over the top
oh yeah so with no rude thanks for
having us over
Oh miss you the belly neck-deep I just
want to get everything moving Oh Joey
yeah your head you look like a you pick
at 70 but you like work out the tractor
let's go ah doesn't look like much but
it is trust me look at this Tetris in
real life in enough room for me to sneak
on the truck so this is the plan you
seen the 24-hour challenges we're going
to be moving check for the whole movie
yes you're lying
that thing is right here we're going to
put the mattresses there all my fridge
free and I go pee through here you know
yeah yeah like like no arena yeah
Jackie so they'd like this that's some
serious stacking though there's still
more stuff we gotta put into this highly
very well put her in you put her in she
wants to come in so bad crazy three foot
I guess not
ah hey hey whoa - yeah I like David I
know she used to cry every single time I
look at her like a shrill natural you
want me to holder and cuddler oh hey oh
that's such a cute cuddly missing it oh
please uncle Dee okay
ha ha ha sometimes just warm your heart
oh that is actually fine but I'm sure
now she's all thank you Ricardo's give
him cuddle assist bjb stop you know I'm
like dirty gross breath in their faces
sushi breath I mean whoa whoa child
growing coffee now where are you going
hey Betty Jake check this out
Baja California son there's our favorite
or French kids okay with that
that's yours that's 20 years because
this one spicy that was mine those early
years that enough nothing and PJ loves
ramen
oh that was awesome I missed it we feel
like a music rustics now Wow choo choo
choo okay you got it
hey come on don't judge it just last
night sleeping in our beds here you know
a hike oh I love you guys give Noah kids
oh whoa yeah what about doggies oh I'll
get ekeus how much is just weird this is
our last night in bed and then something
about that
can I cancel your Maya
um yes coming soon the showcase showcase
Maggie I show cane and coupie say no yes
Paula's life
