five your laughs welcome to Big Show
ladies and gentlemen let's make sure
this is working let's make sure I'm not
covering the mic let me know when you
hear peep I'm gonna share this packing
and moving life okay the first one
didn't really work this one's working
hello hello hi Valerie - Valerie's one
with an IE one with a Y toxic war load
warlord Jessica White Lauren Jones Oh
Alexia see Royce hello everyone and
welcome to our YouTube livestream I
wasn't sure if we were actually going to
do one today or I I kind of wanted to
post a vlog today but excuse me we
packed all day yesterday took a break at
night went and had Derek went and had
dinner at Derek and breeze came back
pack got the kids to sleep kept packing
boxes and as soon as we woke up today we
were packing packing packing packing
background so flex that headband I'm
like so tired and so sore in fact I'm
going to pop open a drink my favorite
new Bramante lamination I like all the
flavors hello Shila bora Salina crystal
from Illinois
let's see what's going on the rear what
are you guys doing you got first place
yeah who are you playing against
he's playing as David the villager the
villager why did David make you pick
villager I do peer speech no speech no
I'm teaching I take no sympathy on
children I'm putting I'm putting on the
best purchase speech on the motorcycles
do what do you think I'm Mario car you
like it I think Noah likes picking the
motorcycle more than the extra race yeah
like picking out the rider and like what
they're gonna ride yeah it's cool the
new Mario Kart for switch which is
actually it's not like that new it's
been out for a while it there's like
it's catered to kids in a way because if
you're playing with a kid that doesn't
know how to play the rider will still go
and finish the race in the past you'd
like race race race and then you'd have
to grab Noah's controller and finish it
guys I just goal achieved 620 calories
my goal every single day it's regular
movement of at least six hundred twelve
twenty galleries wrapped up that because
last week I met it every single day uh
my husband marrying your sister Lizzy's
word wow that's so cool you just say hi
to them tell them hello from me let's
just give you guys Wow okay bye tonight
this is gonna be even crazier it doesn't
seem like we've done a lot but we
actually have let me show you the rooms
real quick my office is seriously empty
like this looks like there's still a lot
of stuff in here but my closet was
filled all the way up to the top of
stuff all packed these are like
miscellaneous things that are hard to
pack because they're too tall to fit in
the box
our CVX live poster and tripods and
things so we'll see what happens
Sarah random you have the same picture
is Aaron Lafitte on like Skype probably
put that in tonight all my findings
important documents in their
stormtrooper helmet I got at that packed
tons of bubble wrap clutch I solve this
up because I've been like emailing and
making sure you have internet and things
although I do in my laptop so I'll
probably break that down today green
screen bathroom I still got to put that
stuff away just showing you guys you
know having a good time we're gonna keep
the kids beds up our beds up until
tomorrow morning and then pack them so
no his room is actually all empty except
for that his bed and like stuff that he
loves at night his blue dog he always
gives like one of us that's nice to
sleep with but yeah look at this empty
we got to take those down of course with
the blackout curtains let's see here
this is kind of crazy still we have a
mattress here and like our paper towels
and things but that won't take long
I'm gonna see you over here
Penelope's room air mattress gotta get
that pack the bed frame you guys saw the
mattress and the hallway we'll take this
down tomorrow let her sleep in it
tonight but her closet is empty
completely empty and then our rooms kind
of crazy still because like we've just
been throwing things in here we still
like clothes clothes Jen like got this
started so that's actually pretty good
the saran wrap on the clothes I don't
know if that's how you're supposed to do
it I guess that is a lot of people like
commented to do that actually looks
pretty good so Wow
just got to get my clothes
Kelly my drone out and stuff because I
wanna get some drone shots before we
leave so we got to get our bed packed
tomorrow morning and the chair may be
tonight which is like the hardest thing
in the whole house because it doesn't
fit through the door and we can't
remember how we fit it through it like
seems like impossible
so that's upstairs guys that's like
seriously almost done
that's like only two three hours two
hours downstairs captain got the guys
playing games
sit down the new two bucks in that chair
we'll probably put the TV in our car in
the back on the trunk just because the
truck actually runs pretty hot and I
just so on I don't really have something
to put it in I don't have a TV box uh
miscellaneous items this is one little
junk everywhere I mean it looks like
crazy but like we're almost done yeah I
just did
why no I feel like we've done good I
mean it's how David look so handsome now
thanks thanks appreciate it wait you who
told you that we can both be handsome
yeah such angles someone came up to you
the other day and said hey handsome who
was that some stranger I feel like
excuse you I feel like I keep packing
things and then there's just some more
stuff it's like I never it's like that
trick that people just keep putting
shampoo on my hair in the shower just go
away
actually those videos are hilarious he's
eaten an apple yeah yeah Gatorade lucky
kid it's like all sugar hey what's up
Michael michael says he's watching the
packing stream I just got your text yeah
I'll text you back in a minute Michael
and Emily Oh what's up did I see your
your coming now look at the this
completely empty crazy let's see let's
see let's see Lucy I'm giving this
succulent to David
I'm kind of sad like I I grew this from
three poems giving it away I feel like I
could pack it but I want to I want to
give it to him as like a gift for
helping us with my mop day huh no dream
no screaming in the background this is
what we call witching hour where the
kids are the craziest throw that all in
a box we actually went through and got
rid of all the old food things
this actually is gonna be the hardest
part right here guys so you guys have
seen everything this oh yeah yeah I need
to get like a dolly or something
we these are like brand-new and I don't
want to mess them up so we gotta get
those and all our cleaning stuff in a
box it's all like all over the place
right now cuz I've got it yeah yeah you
guys when I see the truck you guys want
to see the truck or you shouldn't see
the garage is actually crazy too I feel
I feel like we've done a good job though
we we donated like five bags of things
to what's it called di like goodwill
seven bags and we're gonna donate baby
swing and we have a I think car seats
only last like five years the baby ones
and we're almost at three and a half so
I don't think we're gonna have a baby
and time to use it again but maybe we
should just throw that away let's see
Oh show us the Chuck this is a truck
give us a little Chuck tour check it out
guys they dropped it up hopefully let me
know if service gets bad I'll go mobile
should we go inside
give us a trip tour dude show us what's
up
okay wait stand there and look at me
real quick - Tom Tom what's happening oh
there's a dog ok yeah let's see no one
loves the Chuck we threw these in on the
way before dinner we're gonna organize
it it looks like there's not a lot in
here but we've done such a good job like
there's actually a lot luckily we packed
it tight so we'll have tons of room for
the big stuff we got to make sure
everything's stacked nicely like what
feels good in here now cuz that's a hot
that's that's a little smushed Boop hey
go
