dang it let me share this sorry I don't
know where the connection died though
guys I don't know what happened like I
switched to mobile when I was in the
truck and it just died I guess we'll
just we'll uh we'll look at the camera
out we'll vlog it so you guys can see it
tomorrow we back hello people we're here
the funny part is I could see everyone's
comments is hurt
is there a jammer on the truck dude
there's a signal jammer and they're
gonna they pick up the truck and they
throw us in no I'm just kidding
that's not gonna happen guys let me just
wait a second so yeah that's where we're
at
uh this is what happened though just now
I went in the truck and I tried the
stream in there and my Wi-Fi is like
right here at the door so I don't know
why it didn't work but I flip to mobile
and I could see you guys talking I could
see you guys like rip rip stream where
they go they left yeti-yeti-yeti-yeti I
could see all that but you guys couldn't
see me
so good times did it die again I can see
back okay
someone said to this leak the Sleep
Number bed was actually a winner was
selected I didn't select it Sleep Number
themselves did and they said they
contacted the person but the person has
not responded yet so maybe they're gonna
they're gonna select someone else I'm
not sure I'll I will email them and
follow up because I asked I thought we
were gonna like announce it or something
not too much no I do have to get I was
gonna set up my internet during the day
and the website was being weird so I'm
gonna set it up tonight
easy infant easy giveaway actually just
pack those in a box and once we get
there we have those and the Legos that
we need to do sister is going to college
and AZ sweet when do we leave
so we're hoping to be done packing
basically tomorrow and then they'll
probably pick the truck up early
Thursday and then we will clean Thursday
I have a carpet cleaner coming Thursday
nights like five o'clock and then we'll
probably leave Friday and get there
Saturday we might stop at the Grand
Canyon
I don't think we'll drive all the way
through so that's what's up
and then Sunday we'll stay with our
friends and then Monday we'll get our
keys and moving mm-hmm we might not have
our truck till Monday or she said oh she
hold this real quick yeah say hey hello
everybody I can't read everything you
guys I really really really really hate
packing and moving here at all oh that's
great um today we're gonna come with
Arizona Cardinals fan yeah yeah all
watching bears bears
I'm so tired there's still so much stuff
to do
Eclipse wait are you gonna miss me tell
everyone how we're best friends I'm
streaming on Easy Rider Arizona these
girls every single day try and race me
on my bike
who wins every single time who wins me
me me me anyways guys we're gonna finish
pack it pack somewhere we had to put the
kids to bed in about 30 45 minutes I
just wanted to check in with you guys
we'll post a blog tomorrow I'll take a
break tonight so I'll make sure there's
a blog there's actually I think there's
a we have a brand deal tomorrow I'd we
film something a long time ago this is
our I should wear my hair something like
a long time ago and it took forever for
them to respond so the video might start
out with that and then there will be
plenty more video after so don't get too
upset
just enjoy it enjoy the minute min and a
half uh this is like a hair tie it's
like Jen's hair tie but I did and it was
so stressed out that I did two men like
two two ties ha thanks for the good
vibes today from Australia we love you
love our brand deals thank you thank you
I don't think this one's like that
creative I was just really excited to
try it so it's like a new product new
food thing we gained a ton of subs I
heard there's like in here so I probably
is a lie thank you Alicia
that's very nice of you now I'm really
excited I think being a bigger space
would be nice to be
organized weight we gained that many
subs I don't believe that I think that
seems like era are you excited for the
Eclipse I actually wish we could see it
because we are pretty close to the place
like Idaho Idaho Falls where we are
right now we're only about 3 hours from
where it's gonna be completely dark for
two minutes but since we're moving we're
not gonna actually see that so it kind
of stinks
but I mean the eclipse will still be I
think is gonna be like 75% in Arizona in
Illinois where my parents are it's gonna
be like 90% and here it'd be 1995
special glasses I think so I've seen a
lot of glasses for sale at stores lately
but they haven't said like Eclipse
glasses it seems like a area I don't
feel like we have that many thank you
thank you thank you thank you
2000s here right now I just like not to
be like gross or anything but I didn't
shower today so I just put this as my
hair up all right Jen to deed goodbye
everyone we will see you in every sono
coming with packing tomorrow okay I
don't know about that I don't know hey
wow this is a very good camera what
iPhone is this 7-7 plug dang that's a
that's a nice resolution there that
color is very good as well B then your
bees are rose
pjsait by you invite what what is that
you want to hold it
I got turn it off I got turned off you
see by hi I don't want you to drop it oh
you vlogging oh that's fair
don't put your thumb under the camera I
don't want to make you cry but I have to
turn it on
still there
