good morning a little bit of a crazy
morning we went and visited I hate what
to do more dead or not I've been running
around too much anyways just beside the
point
we went it's all friends this morning
we're at the park for a while and
Kayleigh and then we raced home now our
friends the Wilkey waves are coming to
Logan today and we're going to go to
Bear Lake hopefully we find lake to sit
on and that's not just water because
people have been telling me that I could
luck finance and Julia over here
last three went with the kids the end of
summer and it was like please dried up
so it's perfect but supposed to be
different this year please well have a
great time though just visiting with
them they're here from the UK on their
summer holiday so that's exciting and
they wanted to go see Bear Lake so I'm
like hey well you run a bear leg you
might go is because I want to go one
more time see oh my legs
where'd they go already worth it oh my
goodness no there was two snake I think
I was just gardener snake in view oh I
see him over there it's slipping away oh
yeah it's very very innocent thank you
another attacks are poisoned yeah that
freaked me out
Oh watch where you said you don't think
no it is not like steak of course the
day would come down it's like cloudy
Chuck and rain 10 degrees colder than
Logan what I can there was another snake
it's like they come up through the
little holes or something they took it
out here just gonna pop out it's so
creepy
here the Sun finally came out and it's
so much nicer that giant cloud is
finally moving away last year we were
here we got out all the way to over
there but this year the water is so high
I think it was because a lot of snow or
something so we're actually only on this
tiny little beach high it was like 68
degrees when we got here but it's
warming up now and the boys are in the
water if you guys remember last year and
right here this is the home of the bear
lake monster named Isabella she named
the barely monster it's willful okay yet
suppose we there's a monster in there
are you gonna be the sunscreen mongooses
yeah it's really said that this is the
last time we'll be in very late so are
you having fun yeah you making new
friends
I really want a pile of work okay you're
holding two now attend oh my goodness
any more we got this boys look I know
taking the lead he's brave oh now
they're taking the lead oh friends
you're gonna be pen pal go to Paris me
again where we at really already see
they always talk about the rats
ah the those sake places like everywhere
so we had to talk together we went to
the plant that's the most popular which
hopefully always means eat it the boys
got raspberry look you got and you know
bus tomatoes
oh hello good all right
Carmel here looks so good damn this is
the prettiest caramel and cake messes
come on Chris Bosh what if I were to get
Leo robbed me I got ya get raspberry -
and Sam got a graduate says yep oh you
used to go that from me thinker
hey guys we just got back from the lake
like an hour or so ago maybe no is a two
hours ago we had such a fun time with
the will be ways Ethan and Johanna and
Noah and Leo it was so fun hanging out
Sam they're actually from they live in
Brussels right now which is really cool
so we had so much fun chatting into them
we actually might see them tomorrow and
yeah it's been really fun like seeing
everyone and making sure we see everyone
before we leave
Josh I can't even think about it like I
haven't packed anymore just because I'm
like I need to but I get it makes me
really sad at the same time but it still
feels like the right thing to do so it
work cited and we have a house now I'm
so excited
hi I shall carry your payment and we're
putting all these brown hairs and PJ's
hair oh I wanted reckoned to see them
are they're not focusing Oh leave me
alone guys she has you guys
she has like four strand of dark brown
hair almost faceless what's he's all
focused on you all those clothes down
what the Freak are you go brown before
it seems you're going to brand me up
white
he's gonna turn brown blonde and this
guy's like five strands of brown oh my
god it's growing in brown oh my gosh oh
I didn't think she would actually go
Brown I just thought you'd stay blonde
forever
she's not you accusing Rena thank you
you want the hype to people ah-oh thing
yeah
everyone in here me yeah in there
Wow lucky people how I feel so confused
hi you okay this is the cutest thing you
ever seen your whole entire life she's a
real-life Cabbage Patch baby
hi may guess I go in there you are so
cute she's a pretty character Oh she'll
be get the same thing that I get but
with me because Mae has red hair and she
is just brunette we both have boys that
look like us
hue looks like her nose like me and then
the girls look like dads she looks just
like her daddy
that crazy I'm ever and I can't look at
the cat and dogs you're weird
this is my first friend in college I
don't know exactly
oh I remember
we're having a moment here time ties new
with yourself you got crazy hair yeah
you what some more than me yeah I am but
you guys are silly right a few hours
later and these three boxes are full
empty cupboard humpty cupboards empty
cupboard what Sam and I are both we're
going to try to get give away and sound
get rid of whatever we can this move
which we never really have but he's like
are you sure you need all that baking
stuff I was like I can't grow things if
I don't have very much makes it simple
of mounds of any stuff um but like other
stuff I guess it starts feeling like
like you're actually doing something
once likes the stuff leaves the house
you know
so come Monday when the trailer gets
here we start taking out a lot of stuff
when I start with all the big stuff so I
mean they'll start finally feeling a
little bit emptier I'm so excited but
I'm terrified and I'm sad and I'm happy
and I just I feel like I'm feeling all
the emotions and I'm feeling sick again
okay so what was been hurting all day
like all the stress and anxiety I'm
breaking out okay I'm gonna stop
rambling hum begins now guys the hard
work at some begins what happened to you
did you feed yourself yogurt yeah you
got yogurt everywhere huh let me see
your face my mommy to you this is what
happens every time I let you feed right
now this is my mom likes to feed you
because you getting yogurt all over
yourself ah pretty good yeah
guys oh my goodness TJ your eyes a paper
only do you think you can tick de la
Paix something sexy right
you did a what a great wings this paper
only was I got beat up by a marker or
knows everything
sissy no so I had texted me earlier this
week hey let's get together before you
guys move it was like yeah totally so
we're gonna head over there the Wilkey
waves are going to come to and hang out
so it's really fun for all of us to hang
out together and have all the little
boys run around together and be crazy
together also I just I was just on
Twitter like during nap time and when
before when I was trying to end asleep
and I just can't believe all of the
madness that's going on in
Charlottesville right now like I just
can't believe like I'm guess I'm
ignorant sometimes myself thinking that
racism doesn't exist when it clearly
does and it's it's just a shame and it's
just disgusting and awful and I just
can't believe that people are like that
like if I just have you off Twitter
excuse me can you so sad and so angry
that like that people like feel a lot
much hate towards other people just
because of their skin color like it's
just unfathomable to me like it's
ridiculous and I just feel sorry for
those people were like that they have
that much hatred in their heart hope
everyone is staying safe and help
everyone to shows kindness towards each
other yeah I don't even I don't even
know I don't even know like what to say
it's just oh it's awful that it that
racism exists oh yeah what Ravi I love
you all I love you all
I know I love you so here's some happy
babies to your day here's a happy baby
to brighten your day
with a baby bun say baby bun I use ID I
her daddy this is their favorite spot in
the house this chair oh gosh another
little Christmas and hi
yes we mess it up there sister okay
Ellie and Jared were so nice to buy this
for yeah almost like a good money I'm
not going to do a skirt I guess I'm not
thinking about that young lady trying
trying trying and then often it's like
yeah I know I can't think about it I
can't think about it or else I'll cry
okay oh come here let me see your outfit
we see Captain America oh my goodness
look at those amazing turn sideways you
guys work together
you're no you got to turn it yeah turn
it you guys are turning there you go -
Spider Man and Captain America like you
seen my there you go go fight the bad
guys oh I got a I got have you okay here
we go
CJ's gonna go down
no go down hold on guys go down sis
people want to go of course you're gonna
go that way
as you guys saw we kind of took a day
off we have been so busy not only boxing
things up but everybody wants to see you
before you leave right we've made so
many relationships here and friends and
people that we are going to miss so much
it's I don't like saying goodbye I don't
want to say you divided people because
we'll be back we'll see people again
it's sad but also it makes us grateful
and remember many of the good times that
we've had and shared together here on
Monday a truck gets here or I start
packing it up to be taken away this time
next week will be in AZ I feel like
there's like certain places that I want
to just swing back before I leave just
going to pay homage to it's like so much
over life it happened to you see yes
tomorrow
love you peace
we get responsibilities very seriously
aren't you a superhero I can't handle
the arms cross folded
