so guys this is kind of how things went
very Thursday compromise more fatigue
week ended cities you know yet
standstill here just copies in can you
and see Adams without oh good morning I
don't know if sama started the blog
already he got up with kids today
en yeah sissy dick jaqen and uh boot it
it it if he did he's we could flying by
it's like you're stressed out time seems
to go by fast I feel like I have so much
anxiety that I even like dreamt with
anxiety I had dreams last night that I
was doing my master's degree and I was
so stressed out in this English class
have got high was like write papers
again like I was freaking out like I
couldn't even sit in my chair I was like
walking around the classroom and it was
just I woke up very relieved that we've
just we've got a lot to do this next
week in the house you know and we just
it's me madness here pretty soon well we
put in our application to this place so
hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully
we get it but really good about it I
feel so good about moving into that
house and there's enough space for us
all and it'll be good anyway my friend
was just coming over with her new baby
boy his name is gray actually which is
really cute there's one word hang out
she wants to go to her house was like uh
yeah can look around all that baby and I
start packing once we get to like one
percent yes go ahead this is your house
and this is the date you can move in I
think we need to fix this hair today we
finally got him I did
oh gosh guys who supposed to have a
three year checkup in June then of June
and we were gone basically a little
month oh well half of June in the
beginning of July we finally got a super
checkup I mean getting that today oh
yeah God for your checkup
time for your checkup look at these cute
people he had no no you were in no other
every blog I posted like I've had three
friends who if I like babies or four
friends why baby I just have video than
for any bad behavior but that doesn't
the best kinds of videos though and so
every video I'm like I had a baby
surprise quickly oh my gosh your
thumbnail don't be like oh my gosh
no one knew Jen with pregnant no one
knew no one mean I just saw you a super
excited even have a belly no it's very
first bodysuit and like really he's
going to him these cute kids are playing
today
Melissa's over hanging out in Jimmy or
no baby no before we move it over here
and now mister Gregg a / right for her
money Homs in yellows Pinker he's a so
many contractions early oh my gosh I
know like so cute
do you like your brother yeah glad your
sister yeah yeah
Penelope has eaten three pieces of hair
just seen by yourself pizza do want to
finish Noah's pizza now on this one
fearful seriously you're gonna finish
knows now oh my gosh
CJ she eats like no other oh is it so
yummy very seriously she looks like
Rudolph who would off the teeth the nose
reindeer look at you are you full yet
yeah you fall ya'll guys almost to eat
look at she's super nice guys but she
won't wear bibs
this is pizza everywhere
ah you're lucky you're so cute
jump in so guys this is kind of how
things went
we have a house we got the house we're
whispering cos Penelope's asleep no but
really so here's what happened we played
it like midnight at night kids were
asleep put our application and took a
while want to make sure everything was
perfect I attached a family photo by
noon I get a text message Sam and Jen
you have been approved
yeah and we're freaking out if I were a
good blogger I would have had the camera
out but John was busy with people and
anyways I would have been like hey Jen
guess what wait what she's busy and that
I didn't get her reaction by teksu I
said we got I name was Bertha oh my gosh
Brunell craziness begins we get back up
this week it all happened so fast within
12 hours we knew I was so happy and I
didn't want to say anything on social
media or to you guys until it was a
for-sure for-sure because even though
like after everything we've been through
with this process I'm just renting a
house and the past it's been easy right
it should be easier now like we
technically make more money we have a
good line of like credit and other
things but just as it was you know all
the right place all those hurdles
Natalie acceleration and truly this is
the septic we could have taken all the
houses we looked at over the past couple
months and put them in a line I think
this would be at the top yeah like
number one feels good to lotion
locations nice - I don't want to say
anything until those complete died or
whatever you liked we got it and
something happens yeah everything is
incentive nonsense no because I paid the
security deposit I paid the move-in C
whatever everything it says there and
we're gonna move next week next like
next week we stood but we're gonna start
packing a truck on Monday
and then we'll head out probably like
Friday I get there Saturday kind of
split it up we might split up into two
days the drives yeah we were originally
we were planning on having Jen fun with
the kids and getting that u-haul or
something like that you all you all you
all you
oh my gosh you all you all you up oh gee
okay okay and my dad was gonna file and
help us out but we found a great company
to work with that's going to drive it
for I said the mode a direct message I
was like hey you guys want to help
sponsor I remove and I had already
booked everything because I waited there
like a day and then they messaged me
today and they said yes but we'll see we
might just have to blur out the company
if they don't I'm just kidding you know
what happens really kitty so we need to
have the trailer at our house for a few
days load it up
which will be nice since there's not too
many people able to full help us are you
okay I'm good and then they'll take it
for us to Arizona and then we just drive
ourselves so we don't know the exact
date yet but it'll get there but we're
gonna get our key on Monday so week from
this Monday we'll be there unlocking the
door walking in turning out so weird
sorry so much already my dad's going to
meet us there's one solution I think
I'll tell right now that would you move
in Monday it's gonna be crazy
well the Bears play the Cardinals in
Arizona on Saturday so for there early
enough well we have map things out we
might grand game or Miele I mean it's
like a preseason so I'd be really cheap
plus someone else hit me up it's a date
you know they could get tickets you've
never been to an NFL game I've never
been to an NFL game it's a pretty season
though it's like crazy like I've been
every single sporting event and I love
football love NFL have never been to an
NFL game I was like a quick run-through
of what's happening if you have any
questions post in the comments we'll
address them in the next vlog I've been
live streaming on Twitch and answer your
ask questions there as well I posted on
Facebook early for those that follow our
Facebook I feel like I've been slacking
posting things there so I let everyone
that calls our Facebook ideas Facebook
back on slash Sam if it looks that we're
moving you guys me first so it's
exciting it's like a Jewish wedding I
feel stressed though only because
packing is going to be
yeah but we have like a couple days to
do it so it's not gonna whenever we've
moved in the past it's like all right we
got eight hours pack the truck make all
because there's always like loose ends
and things that's the part that takes
the longest we doing it there I thought
of a shirt that I would be fun to do
like a samurai sure because a new merch
because we've done something in a while
I have like a cactus and then it could
say say Makar something or some sort of
cactus and then maybe on the back of the
front it says moving curve yeah maybe
you know like it is a better let me know
that was a good idea
this crust took a good nap yes that's a
group huh watermelon yeah no yes enough
this is just been there watching the
fish in the pink it was TV oh cool
how do you being that the look he's
going buff at that nursing this arm bad
papa ladies of you yeah you're reading a
book no doctor's appointment went great
moose Alex when we were moving but it's
all good ISM try to get me a reference
to someone out there but if not I'll
just do my own research like I always do
anyway
I'm pretty pumped on dinner tonight you
guys
I made this okay it doesn't look that
cool but it is I there's like salsa in
there I got fresh salsa I put all the
spices in and beans
everything's just melding together
hopefully it doesn't taste too spicy so
it'll be like kids will like it
the Rice's says it's done I'm going to
give it like a few more minutes I'm
going to mix it all together
I've got some watermelons I'm not better
at picking them guys I must say I've
been a little better this one's not as
we as the last one I'll never get
anything as good as the last one but
that's okay she's so friend I shouldn't
rush it she couldn't do it huh good job
that's it for today guys nose
appointment went great he's still huge
he's like 38 pounds 36 inches tall which
is probably the upper end of the
spectrum I don't know face say that
stuff anymore
but healthy can't be more grateful we
found a place you guys have been so
supportive and we're so grateful for
that I feel like these next couple vlogs
could be kind of emotional like Revere
and I like sad to to flip the pages this
chapter of our life so much has happened
to here our family it just it's insane
but I'll be good see you guys tomorrow
yeah good night
Oh friend you're gonna be pen pal no go
to Berens me again
