you guys you guys you guys you gotta let
me tell you let me tell you let me show
this believes the aam aadmi me
okay guys welcome to this blog yeah I
turned off them you had to mute it I
can't get copyright okay okay okay okay
how dare you turn off the water well I
did I can only do a couple thing I can
only do okay finally
oh hey probably believe of lexapro
welcome to today's vlog we just they
live stream on YouTube
we're alive for about 40 minutes here's
behind the scenes of the stream everyone
that was there I think it's still
available to watch if you want to you
just talked about like how stuff you
guys could ask any questions always
opening to answering your that I said
what did I just say we're always open to
answering your ask questions so thanks
for hanging out we'd like to continue to
make the live streams kind of like a
weekly thing and when we were settled
again hopefully there'll be more
activities and and fun and not just
talking we got to make our bed does this
looks pretty comfy though it's kind of
just like want to take a nap
it's raining today we're going to
continue packing having some fun and
looking for a place place let's do it
where we at a job salad nope down to the
deck yeah y'all coming you guys I may be
in a temperance I just want all the same
ones I can't handle that sadness closer
toward your side go little lady no the
other sock where did you throw it
aha you soaked suck culprit
she hates off so much
we're going to stairs
how's my love water doing did you show
them everything
oh this thing I decide through the other
eyes careful beautiful music oh that's
how you blog yeah that's nice this is a
vote we're gonna vote if Santa's
shouldn't go there I did I pulled her
there's a million hi
I just made my own sauce guys
well oh also I don't think my squash is
very ripe so it's like cook it for like
40 minutes cars rock still roughly looks
pretty good I just made butternut squash
cream sauce I don't know we'll see how
it turns out
Jared say dare I say knock on some what
we made ha ha I was like trying to
figure out who you're talking to
are you just like I'm talking to the
people I thought you're talking to me at
first you guys you guys you guys you
guys you gotta let me tell you let me
tell you let me see I'm really excited
right now starting to feel pretty
stressed out this morning no not pretty
like really I was like really stressed
out
actually I got pretty stressed out last
night yeah and I was looking at how much
time we have left in the day to week and
we were already feeling stressed as you
know we talked about that in the last
vlog as I my gosh I have a flight booked
on the 24th we have all this stuff
coming up please no aside of such things
like we need to get out there and we
need to find a place and I don't want to
settle for something that's I mean like
we're not looking for the perfect right
now
but we didn't I want to settle for
something that we would be like yeah for
a year you know
so I've been monitoring like crazy
anything that's literally we have been
on the website just like I just been
sitting there only I never second steps
there's all you guys know I get a lead I
believe 10,000 steps a day he's
impatient only at 5300 anyone I got to
go for a walk tonight I got to get some
exercise amusements he never freshly and
as I've refreshed I bet I find the house
I go oh my goodness this one looks so
good I've been on the phone with other
people today setting up times for our
friends to go check out they are so nice
feel so bad because we've seen so many
places with them before we were there
after and nothing has felt that right
until now no no joke like I have not
felt the way I feel right now with any
of the houses many of them and even the
one that we really did want this past
one I didn't have like this like really
good but we were good how you doing that
but I was more nervous because she was
taking so long in it I know it was never
felt readable right now it's like so
good yeah it's best part I call so I
submitted to see the place and the
person called me and they said I was
taught in less time and so her to get a
place like he's like well let me just
tell you you know we go on a first night
first-come first-served basis on effort
this tree for sure he's like but you
were the first person that contact me
this listening barely been up if you put
your application in today or tomorrow or
whatever and no one else has even looked
at it are applied I'm not going to show
it to anyone and we'll be able to
process your application within a day
which is how it's been out here it's
always been a date with this other
person it's just like a week and I we
don't have that time anymore
well we know that time out that's I was
nervous I was like how it works I and
then he said he's like you know people a
lot of groups out here they try and just
get a ton of processing fees because
they don't refund them so they have tons
of people apply for the house and then
they make you know over a thousand bucks
off of these fees like total and then
they give it to one person right like
it's it's takes like the pro life that's
proud of him yes say that you know
because it's true I felt that way I was
like amen brother
like thanks or how those are days that
just happened to me they drew out the
process even though I was on the
applicant to get someone else and give
more money and then they told me today
they weren't going to refund me fine
print on the website even though what
else authority issues making it seem
like I would get refunded if meeting it
passed anyway anyways we found a place
yes our friends were so kind and walked
through it with the landlord guy and I
loved it I think it's great a great fit
for us in our current not only is it
slightly bigger than the place that we
were baking on no yeah yeah it also is
$200 cheaper per month it's I am it's
right the price range that I represented
and the space that we really needed yeah
I think it has everything I'm looking
for and it has enough space for visitors
and we're already planning Thanksgiving
at our house she's visiting we already
have a plan a trip plan to California in
September and some other trips something
else and then we have to come back here
for a wedding
El Padrino is getting married in
September so we back in Utah right away
we have all this stuff happening and
it's just crazy
I feel like wham bam thank you ma'am
good diet Arizona you guys were so
encouraging cylinder yeah I realize
where today was like don't worry the
right place will come and then hours
later and the right place has come i we
think unless I go right Paris does
mentally we know exactly what the grade
board that's nice mom dad I love you
who's mom dad I love you my parents pray
for us too everyone's been so kind my
pants paid for us more my parents
presentation so yeah yeah we feel good
right now I'm putting in the application
in tonight
and I'll be devastated like okay this
time I will literally cry if we don't
get it yeah I'll cry well there's
another house that popped up that I was
like oh this one looks pretty nice and I
said the guy Nino I attached the photos
and I was like that's gonna be like oh
so here we go guys
here we go we're watching Moana we're
doing good
got our shirts off no I was watching his
gummy video because you loved it it's
how I forgot to get the house they'll go
romance yeah did you get the house
expected celebrate some serious
celebrating and here's the crazy part we
would move like next week really yeah
I'm going to tell them like the 19th so
I be next Saturday next Saturday and I
am I feel so sad to leave yeah I'm
excited for the new journey but like I'm
gonna cry I'd be like 11 days and we are
weak it is yeah we can do it we could
pack up faster days maybe we take a day
off here and there as you guys know get
packed up new adventures new things to
explore and we got it's like go buy some
places here and try oh my gosh oh my
gosh am i doing it like all emotional
so does Penelope she's actually just
really tired cuz he didn't big husband
that PI looking super to me love you you
ready to live somewhere new
yeah this is the pool not it does I know
we might have found a house you excited
I'm really grateful I'm really grateful
that we've had so much time with
potatoes family last two weeks we got to
help him a lot while Sam's out of town
and a lot past week which I'm really
happy about because we do move so fast
like I'm just glad we've had we're
getting like all these dates to see them
before we go we go to California but
they go to Capri a lot we go to
California it's kind of time where
they're there to yeah because we'll come
back to you tell that and then we should
find the time to learn
and she's already planning her trip out
yes dude that's the part honestly that's
the part that breaks Martha most is and
I know how much Noah has sati human be
well people yeah a lot of face time a
lot of fun and we'll make sure those
buddies see each other thank you guys
thank you for your support
we're in this together and we'd this oh
I've chose Wow let's go
I'm really good application it please
say yes
well we'll clean the carpets every day
