you
testing testing testing they're almost 5
minutes late says Millie Hannah they're
almost 5 minutes late it's only 203 how
could they how could they do that to us
how how could you okay I need a better
place for the camera maybe we should put
the camera over here something really
like where do we put Chad over here yeah
hi hi no audio no audio no audio someone
said no audio hello no no wait you can't
hear us
you can't hear you can't hear us you can
hear they're worth the wait today I need
to start wearing makeup the audio is
working okay guys what's up and welcome
to this week's livestream we're back
we're back in the office
we need a official live-streaming place
oh you can't hear it so there is a bit
of delay that's what happens when you
livestream with YouTube twitch whatever
there's always a delay we can't control
much of that there might be a delay with
our audio or move the mic closer please
is there no about I'm singing it what's
what's your favorite song to sing it's
everyday bro let's try and sing the same
mode at the same time okay
no I'm off we're not gonna hit this no I
can harmonize these my biggest fear in
life let's just try and sing like
and the first-known of happy birthday no
I that's the worst song to sing ready
one two someone said the buffering is
real there might be options for you to
choose which like quality you want I
think we're trying to output this in
720p no we can't hear it some people
can't hear it
some people can it's a fan too loud as a
fan too loud can you guys hear that it
actually looks like kind of trippy on
the video we'll have to figure this out
we're moving Dean I hope you're the next
someone to you last night said I looked
like someone else's like gosh where Jake
Paul please the best part I don't know
if you guys follow us on Twitter but
Dean has tweeted us multiple times now
that's him
well I've just like someone retweeted
them and yeah my successes are your
successes and Dean tweeting is a success
actually or was it Photoshop that was
immediate I ran a racing there was a
very hard race you can't hear the fan
that's good the fans find you this
office gets so hot um it's been pouring
rain here today the kids are both asleep
let's just say that yes they're asleep
sorry they will not be joining us like
we're doing a livestream that is a real
photo of Jenn yeah four years ago
England is my city and they just need to
refresh for the audio to work okay cool
refresh for the audio to work can you
guys here let me mouth that to you
because some people are out of you and
our mouths probably don't match up
refresh ding
well I always hop into this without even
like checking to make sure everything's
ok but here we are let's do this due
east
ok I'm always gonna say oh yeah that's a
real photo the funny part is when we
took when I took that photo
you gonna cated that photo I did do you
still hate that photo no that's what
happens that's what happened I hated
pictures from high school I'm like dang
girl you should've enjoyed this picture
from high school you know it's so funny
that's his life
guys it drive a scarf forever now you
look bad eh someone just said it so we
just said the exact same thing and this
is delayed so you are exact same
wavelength so what do you guys want to
talk about today so we said we're gonna
talk a little bit more about the house
we did not get the house and we did not
get a refund yeah find out today our
application for you I was not refunded
I'm so annoyed and there's still a
possibility they're like well the person
that we decided to go with if they don't
take it you can still move oh no I don't
want her to be my landlord now it's not
technically your landlord but well she
hurt my feelings
this is the thing so I think the most
frustrating part is that we've never had
a hard time finding a place yeah even
when we were super super poor and in
college and probably when you're in
college your income is so limited and
yet these people let you live there I
mean we're in a college town um it's
crazy how that worked out yeah now we're
making way more money than we were then
because we're not just in school right
and we're only make let's see the place
we're trying to rent was only like 300
or 400 dollars more than what we've ever
lived in we have a great history of
paying our rent on time we have a great
credit history
Jen's apparently is higher than mine a
what
hmm so you should have took me a while
to get started that was my credit and
there's no glaring mistakes we could pay
half them you know like everything they
look up income it's frustrating when you
meet the requirements and they don't
give it to you it's frustrating it's
only a little bamboo it's just mostly
mostly frustrating because now we have
to be out before September first yeah
and we have things to like in the month
of August I don't like a flight out of
Phoenix September 24th so that's why
it's just a little we're trying to find
a ploy it's with Southwest and they let
you to cancel things I could always
drive with friends if I was still here
but we want to be out there hey give me
a shout-out hey Peggy sorry I'm trying
to get this chat bigger I think it can I
pop it notice me logs
I noticed you there we go I can pop out
check that's better now
guys we'll figure out we'll figure out
that why don't you want to move to
southern Utah we'd just feel like
Arizona is where we need to be right now
so mm-hmm
that's really why what did Dean say he
said good luck on bachelor fun he said
someone else was like can you retweet
this Dean won't you won't even see this
basically Dean Dean said yeah give her a
shout so it kind of uh it's discouraging
but it probably wasn't the right place
and we have a couple other places that
were interested in the properties are
just moving so fast out there like
insanely fast and anything that's
relatively nice it's crazy
our friends are helping us out and going
to visit places for us would we said
what the reasoning was they said that
the person had cuz they had someone for
school because they were already in that
neighborhood they already lived there
and they wanted to stay in the same
schools to school district which I
understand then why are they know if it
works out then why is that person moving
we'll never know it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter we've no signed up for
soccer yeah and he's gonna be better
than Cristiano Ronaldo
what if this lady just made that not
possible no no a stalker don't start til
end of September or something well
that's where we're at right now
something better coming yes there's
something better coming Kylie let's talk
about let's talk about we're gonna get a
place
there's looking into place hopefully
with the next week or so back up the
worst-case scenario is that we move and
we live with our friends until we find a
place that's not gonna happen I'm just
saying what the worst-case scenario is
you have to you have to plan for
everything I don't want it to happen you
don't want it to happen they don't want
it to happen but it's good to have good
people yeah around us all the stuff and
I mean I don't want people to think
we're gonna leave our house and not have
anywhere to live right now where's Noah
Noah's asleep
Penelope's asleep this is the time of
day where you go like this this is the
time away from my nap and then here with
y'all cuz I love you you regroup
you put PJ and dance when she's old
enough we'll put her in whatever we feel
like she wants to be in will probably
test out dance when she turns to her she
said that was priceless
I don't you act like I was saying that
we're gonna move in with our friends I
looked at your face and you were like
because I would feel they don't love my
friends I love my friends I just would
feel bad for them it's not gonna happen
it's just nice knowing that we have it's
people to fall back on if the worst-case
scenario yes when we start packing we've
already started packing we have boxes
already packed up we have a lot of
things we've had we clean up this but
this room doesn't look clean but the
rest of the house we've really cleaned
up yeah The Searchers grow yeah come see
our house and there's some Nixon necks
and things we got to clean up here but
uh that's like for the kids
yeah what else hey it happened I just
like it makes it even more excited to
just own our own house I know I'm so
sick of moving move like every year I
know we're getting closer to that you
know yeah you're so annoyed we could buy
a house right now but like we want let's
yeah we're gonna wait a little bit yeah
okay a lot of people hold on let me
throw out one of these Jesse that have
you heard it type what I just played not
that part but there won't be for that
Apple people know a soundboard
wait is the desktop audio even up enough
wait let me turn this up a little bit
more oh it's like muted is it even
playing I don't think it's detecting
that did you guys hear that I'll work on
it
questions questions when we were moved
to Chicago honestly I don't think my
parents are gonna be there that much
longer there's just so much more
expensive and with what we do it's not
like we get paid more for living
somewhere else you know sometimes when
you live in a place that costs more you
usually make more that's how it usually
is but yeah happy Halloween you guys
heard he's here
Lizzie just texted me and said live with
me okay let's go to Texas and Louie yeah
I want to move into your new house
Lizzie glasses just texted me I love her
so much
boo boo I don't realize that mean Liz
you're like oh we talk actually I talked
to Lizzie more than they talk to family
members we're so excited for you in your
house oh my gosh it's so pretty
are you gonna have more kids Jen that's
always one of the class or just
chillaxing or nice we're just I filled a
few people Ward's waiting we're gonna
reevaluate next year feelin maybe one
after PG turns to we'll reevaluate and
no before
why is that not the desktop buddy I
don't see it is the question sorry
playing around with the stream where
would your parents move my parents
wanted to serve a mission I think they
want to go to Africa
and then the go wherever they want to
they said whatevs Lizzie I love you
twins that's right no that's why I'm
waiting a long time because it's twins
and we'll probably be done and I want to
be able to really enjoy it so someone
said what should I eat for lunch and Jen
having recently watched your favorite
movie ever
hold on so that's how long you've been
married exactly this show into something
that you cannot stop talking about don't
eat chicken or meat or lunch meat stay
away from lunch meat it ages you Jen
watched what the hell who has watched
what the health and who is now a
vegetarian slash vegan because if you
watch that movie on Netflix you will be
a vegetarian or a vegan except for him
he watched and he's still eating meat
we're just gonna see how long I last
remember the day after I watched it I
saw ya after scene but I wasn't like
intense like you like like yeah hey babe
let's find 20 different ways to cook up
quinoa like butternut squash pasta which
is what we're gonna make for dinner
dimensions my vegetarian yeah you guys
let me tell you though in high school I
was like I'm gonna go vegetarian and see
how long or some during the hardest time
of the year which was Thanksgiving I was
like I will not eat any meat on
Thanksgiving and I did it and it was
fine and I my mom says all the baby
vegetarian like I don't really eat me GG
well PJ basically is all she eats is
chick-fil-a chicken that's the only
chicken she'll eat
she's a baby vegetarian she is because
she's a baby
she's a baby vegetarian so watching what
the health will basically make you not
want to eat anything ever again
it was it I watched what the health now
the vision for two days only
that's a 5 it's a gated documentary
though but vege a vegetarian life is not
for me yeah I want to see like a fact
check because it's like it's very Pro
vegan I think Oh tell my family we got
two vegans in it yeah
I have watch Super Size Me you know it's
funny though when I was in high school
senior year of high school is when I ate
the worst I the worst diet of my life
we're talking tripoli every day Panda
Express McDonald's and I lost like 30
pounds was so fast it's just it was just
funny you're growing it was just you a
growing boy I just think what's your fav
food I love oh that's hard
I love pizzas probably my number one
favorite food but I love Indian food and
I love sushi
do you've any new book recommendations
um yeah Sam got me that one book that I
need to read it already player one I
haven't started it quite yet but I'm
going to start it it's just I was
already reading a different series
what's the series called I don't know
was called my brother actually he
started a family book club in the book
that we are starting is Harry Potter one
because my sister and brothers have
never read it so you want to join my
family book club we're starting Harry
Potter yeah not anymore I don't know if
I could reread tell you better I know
well I've already read the Harry Potter
one like three times so I don't know if
I'll reread that one in is a good
documentary that's something that I
would have which one the sugar one I
would watch that babe I don't like
what's in your fridge right now I'm
saying like I don't it's weird though I
don't need sugar sweets like ice cream
like how I lay in my bed candy every
night candy I just like pile of candy
I just got ready player one to read it
from my summer reading perfect a lot of
people have it have to read it from
school yeah I'm excited to read it what
was the best trip you tuck probably
Dominican Republic
I like the summer just ever oh I don't
know what was your favorite part of this
summer like yeah let me see I loved I
gotta try to like rewind my brain to our
whole trip being gone this happens every
all the time let's see we just got back
from somebody oh so would you like about
the trip let's see where do we see your
family stop it I know what we did and we
went like a favorite day I liked all of
it my birthday was really fun Noah's
words I go into space well game was
really fun I think I like that askin
those are my favorite time predator
Alecia Dale says you should streaming in
tonight same I'm going to I'll stream on
Twitch tonight twitch.tv slash s a.m.
for Andy yes Apple peaches how many kids
do you think you'll have 4 or 3 or 2
CDOC ID probably alright now we're like
two yeah good I'm afraid to be
outnumbered really I'm just like
terrifies me it's uh it's weird I like
the stages of kids you know uh lat
oh gosh lag something um no it's just he
sees a lot easier you're like grayed out
you know there's some more independent
Kenobi's in a very needy stage she's
very dramatic and yeah so we feel like
sometimes like wow what's the Noah quote
of the week oh he said something so
funny well this morning or the other day
I was talking to him and she's like mom
I speaking to you or something like that
he was like mom i speaking
I'm like talking to you and it was like
the funnies I'm like oh sorry sorry
thanks lag city for the follow on twitch
just got a notification it's a no it was
really funny because I calls you Jessica
it's cuz you don't know he's like pay
attention to I do pay attention to him
he does on purpose most of the time now
Jenica thangka auntie Robin 16 thank you
for the follow I think I just got in the
look at my twitch alerts playing is it
still open do you guys hear that it said
another one I must still have that open
somewhere that's really funny um well
you teach him Spanish we're trying it
was like not that interested but he is a
little bit he says hola Jenny look so
pretty in their thumb no oh is that
photoshopped is that photoshopped my
favorite was the comment what was the
comment on one of your pictures in this
gym the other day Jen you have
absolutely no upper lip I'm so beautiful
I know I have no upper lip you upper lip
not when I smile when you kiss
mm-hmm-hmm but not even when I kiss like
it it's just like I have no lip it's
really my sister none of us have upper
lip really sorry you guys
I don't know why we're looking for a
someone said are you looking for a 3 or
4-bedroom house we're looking for a
four-bedroom or like 3 in an office
mm-hmm or a den whatever they call it
whatever I really gotta cause it just
like work area mm-hmm
Charlotte M&A see Nancy Nancy NAEYC
emanate okay Emma Macey see what time is
it
2:24 I've known her lip either it's okay
Cubs are bruised and NL Central you
already know Cubs shout out to bunker
Billy just subscribe they're followed on
Twitch where's dj khaled another one
hello Emma okay oh here we go
how's it taste okay where are some
things guys would like to know about us
do you know everything well I mean we
haven't done the Q&A like I got about us
Q&A in like years since we first started
YouTube hi I'm Sam I love carrots
don't you hate carrots he hates carrots
no I really don't that much you don't
like cooked carrots
isiliye Jen do you want dogs what's
generally wants a dog a dog no you say
the duck every single time our neighbors
out hey did your friends have another
dog because our neighbor has a dog yeah
Penelope Lakes do I hear that I listen
to everything I'm a good listener babe I
know I don't what's a dog it is a
Maltipoo Maltipoo maltese poodle
Maltipoo but this is just really cute I
don't know if almost I mean I don't know
I don't know well on the bright side
you've got great eyebrows minor blunt I
had blonde eyebrows till high school
maybe maybe till right now bond I'd had
past tense head maybe right now they're
not someone needs to work on their
lesson they fit me right now because in
middle school like I remember there are
these girls that sometimes like yo where
your eyebrows at yeah Petey's gonna get
that for a while what I think about the
Dodgers I think the Dodgers are playing
amazingly well but we'll see what
happens when the playoffs come it's a
whole nother ball game how old are you
both I'm 26 and Sam is 29 we're getting
Sam's gonna be 30 what should we do for
his 30th birthday I'm thinking like we
gonna cruise where we go to like Hawaii
just me and him
I don't know are you getting bored of
Noah or do you sometimes get bored of
him
what who would ever think that there's
no way to get bored of no why because
there's no he's like you guys you don't
even know like most of you might not see
the axe I mean he was a little bit of a
stinker because he just yeah let's talk
about that so meeting people if you meet
someone at a convention like Noah is
very warm and open to the people around
him that he trusts really well this is
the thing about Noah and it's actually
kind of hilarious if you try really
really really hard to get Noah's love
and attention he will know you will not
like you not not and not that he doesn't
like you but he'll act like he'll just
be like tinker like we have friends and
family that go out of their way to try
and like get no attention and then his
reaction is always like excuse me sir
it's like the people like it but as he's
so funny though because then there's
people around in public that he's like
no yeah I wish he would like I wish I
could sure Rosa sorrentine I wish you
could hear the things he says every day
cause it's just hilarious there's no way
to get bored of Noah that's for sure so
it's the other thing is like when you
meet people at a convention you feel
like when you watch them on YouTube or
on Twitch or on social media Instagram
you feel like you really really like
know these people right and in many ways
you do but often they don't know you
so like Noah it's probably when people
come up to him at a convention that I
can't hey he's like and so you know
makes him a little nervous at first yeah
uncomfortable same your voice really
gives me a radio personality sports
commentator or something
is it the microphone it's probably the
microphone
and blows my voice hey what's going on
let's go get PJ skip they're talking
thank you for the follow-up which I need
a Bowman house mm-hmm
I've been sick I've I get I've had like
three sinus infections I'm just am I
stressed out too high like stressed out
can't do um what was gonna say oh it's
funny and my last job though I've always
hated my voice and I actually feel like
my voice has changed when I look at
older videos I feel like my voice is
higher not like high but it was high
year PJ how's it going baby I don't want
to see looks like a smash booger PJ can
you see yourself do you see yourself
someone asked if she was clingy yes she
is clingy to me she's a Mama's girl very
is this I don't want to get this in her
face you still here yes he's here yes
sorry the Ingalls kind of funny isn't PJ
cute though oh I love you so much oh
she's looking more and more like you
know if anything I faced at my mom
yesterday she said oh my gosh she looks
so much older and she looked so much
like dent
she look like smashed buggy we might in
the livestream soon just because I want
to make sure she's happy
echo mustard thank you for the follow on
twitch guys twitch I'll be streaming
tonight twitch.tv slash I am for Andy
let me type it in the child gosh right
there wait I post a link hey will you
play again tonight
yeah yeah will you play one game of
babble girls I'll be funny let's do one
game if you guys if enough people follow
right now Jen will play one game
let me see where's my chat back here's a
link bang bang
would you come to Canada yeah I would
come to Canada she's still tired i'll
stream player unknown battlegrounds
really I need like adjust my body I'm
taking like let me turn this chair is it
okay I'm just I'm like I'm dominating
the camera was the story behind my
username so on Twitter back in the day
when you wanted to quote someone's tweet
you would you would quote almost the
entire tweet and then type something
they didn't have like the image and
that's 140 characters that you're
dealing with so the best thing to do was
to have a short Twitter name because
your Twitter name was used in that does
that make sense does anyone following
what I'm saying even when you were
replying to someone that counts as you
140 tweets or characters so I came up
with a short Twitter name and the four
is supposed to be like an a like Sam and
like
Manderson it's kind of lame but I was
just slow I was on my mission when
Twitter came out so like I didn't really
get first come of what I wanted no sound
no sound no sound okay let's see oh
happy pup one two two six
Caroline Victoria Eric six Carlos Carlos
II Blanca plus sis design I'll just
follow down on Twitch Joey Maury oh you
guys a lot of you guys have twitch cool
do you say hello you say hello oh you
want to say in the microphone it's the
PGA Show
PGH PGH PGH say hello say hi say mama
you seen mama
say dad dad hey they dead hey PJ listen
whose voice is this ready oh did you
hear that no what what Apple peaches
whose voice is that
hey who is that can you say hello I did
not dance as a child I wanted to dance
but dance was like was like my sister's
thing I did gymnastics
how did you transition your babies to
their beds was it hard to cribs or kids
into toddler bed all of its hard oh hi
wow this is interesting oh say hi hello
say dad advice we're going to call it
just be you and have fun boo puppy do
you want a dog eat yes or no sir no
honestly guys this the only camera you
guys like this is just so cute
yeah hey PJ spit hot fire already here
you want to you rap
Oh fire say yo my name is PJ yes yo my
name is a you sing a song sing a song
you sing a song say hi ready oh I know
it does gonna play look do you see
yourself she's still obsessed with my
wanna do it to the camera
play you play them more on a song but
come on my neck is Vijay what song is
that
I seriously look like a giraffe my dad's
trying to call me it's too late
where's your clothes on fit in there
charging alright guys we're gonna wrap
up the live stream we were here we
talked for like 40 minutes if you guys
wanted this to be like a weekly thing we
can continue to do it three rich may
truce s Richmond 91 peace simmer stones
maybe m77 Smith 8 1 1 0 Joey
Emery thanks for following my twitch
giraffe Jay no really if I stretch my
neck up to its full potential
it's so long man me mommy mommy
hey mommy
alright guys thanks for hanging out
gonna end the stream shout out Carla
wait where's our to chat let's just
start PB&J vlogs have Patricia Lena okay
baby I got you I got you I got you I got
you don't worry I got you
where are the comments
alright guys we'll see you guys tomorrow
on the vlog thanks for hanging out we
love you bye bye we make
