let's just not do this this was it's too
hard it's too much work not used to this
I wanted to give up you have bad days
and sometimes it's incredibly
frustrating and it's okay to be
frustrated it's okay to be stressed
every day doesn't have to be perfect and
you shouldn't expect every day to be
perfect
oh look a new bus senator new nanny
come move in and what's the call you are
many long days over yeah brush on you
think she does care for what I was
saying to about there we go CVX face to
die oh fuck it's okay fuck it he reaches
the most happiest of the kids today
whoa
rain
thank you guys so nice that's a real
train you want to go see it
guess what she said that we could come
down and see the trains one day Rosalie
pull it out what ha ha ha what
Oh what zag we smell it no way oh my
gosh oh my gosh just go don't take it
out and smell it yeah oh so pretty oh on
your brace time he knows where that goes
oh my gosh
you love it what'd you say
oh my god he's obsessed of that little
Winky buddy
bringing all the fire and I know it's
exciting to hear it's been there's only
have to be here than anyone knows
okay because he loved the deal at one
time we're doing a pioneer alternative
Jenica is actually going to be a
knitting a pie with no hands and boy a
cool and you have to be blind applying
on here
blindfolded you can take this
oh that's terrible sighs right now
actually has an interesting tactic I
think she's gonna die early sharing one
I think about we had a weird
I got money right here right here yeah
I'm so confused elation sharing a pie
oh wait I thought I had my body I knew
we're doing me deeper Oh musical perfect
oh dang but I don't think I like fake oh
come on I've got warm up - I can feel
stuff traveling we're a block it's been
uh confused oh yeah I was shaking
yesterday oh okay okay okay
there's Derek's idea that's great I
request the big snake on all of us I
feel like I could feel it eating
whatever it like whatever coming within
it
you're cooking yeah I could stick you
know on brother what a great little
memory look at me and as you guys know
wherever there's Jovi and there's always
beside the party I'm about a big party
you know it was tasty yeah did you have
that whipped cream all over you no do
you want to hold the snake are you sure
all right baby steps braver than me
yeah so I don't know who these people
are but the state completely but it
stays up that her thing and like I got
the heebie jeebie oh I got the heebie
jeebie I'm so nervous
am i planning for them oh I'm nervous
for all parties involved the snake the
girls
Oh until next year be back there
no you can even address today just like
that maybe X is over we made it home it
has been almost two what what is a wait
I went very quiet and then came out like
man she took my lipstick uz hi ELISA
contentedly Joker what's on your face
looks like you need a bunch of berries
I'm started in heat or great like come
here come here you want to see yourself
do you see yourself I just flip the
screen yeah you got a little bit yeah
and guess what this thing so someone's
gonna have a good day okay you never
read based on opened ever seen oh my
gosh purple say hi thanks buddy you want
to play football
yeah yes I'm about to well this is how
you know I was gonna see yeah I don't
let her get on e that's how you know
dad's home ah two three good pod your
handed good nuff attention put your hand
in
one two three love ya that was the first
dimension that we've been at in a while
I think it's been about a year it's not
good to be back at one it also felt
different missed a lot of my my old
friends most importantly though the
people that we met many of you guys some
of you that we've already met previously
you guys to completely just you made our
days I hope that every single one of you
guys that we met and talked to felt like
you had enough time that's always
important for us I can want you to have
as much time to be able to hang out talk
it's fun to get to know you guys and you
are all so dang nice to us I just
realize that the microphone is probably
picking up the fan right there yesterday
has been incredibly frustrating this sad
disappointing let me first say though
that just so you guys know Jen and I we
are incredibly grateful for the life
that we have our kids were healthy our
family's healthy like my parents
her parents are siblings we live in this
house that we have loved living in we do
things that we love we've had
opportunities to study to to learn
people to meet it hasn't been easy to
get all the things that we want in life
but we've had so many people that have
been so supportive that have pushed us
along the way
family friends we've grown so much
together it's it's incredible that we
have so much of our time documented it
as well anyways when I'm trying to get
to is that even when things are going
well even when your health is good and
relationships are great you have bad
days things still go wrong and sometimes
it's incredibly frustrating and it's
okay to be frustrated it's okay to be
stressed every day doesn't have to be
perfect and you shouldn't expect every
day to be perfect I feel that every
single time Jen and I are on the brink
of something great something bad usually
happens and to me I look at it as a
hurdle it's easy to just accept it and
and take the easy road in that case it
would be just to continue living here
but guess what we put our 30 days notice
today we have people company to look at
our house tomorrow but the easy road
isn't always the right Road I've noticed
that when we face these trials in our
lives we always come out stronger this
past year and year and a half has been
incredibly hard on us I feel like I've
grown a lot as a person but to the point
the house that we had basically pushed
our chips in all in this is the house we
want to move in it fell through we
received an email today saying that I'm
sorry you're not going to get the house
we were giving it to another family and
I felt almost like I felt surprised I
was sad I was discouraged I was
disappointed I think that's the best
word they use because I have had
countless hours counting this time
speaking with the person I was setting
this up we met all the requirements it
was a first-come by first-served basis
we were the first one to apply days
maybe a week before anyone else
the owner was using a realtor to rent
the house out so they are staying out of
you know theirs letting them do it and
they
the application process wasn't too crazy
but I was on the phone with this lady
multiple times I think the red flag
should have been as we were dry as I was
driving to the airport to fly home she
called me and said I just have to let
you know that someone else applied for
the house and I have to turn the
application in I want to make sure you
have the back you have backup plan that
are like you have other houses that
you'll basically she alluded that I
probably wasn't going to get the place
in the moment it didn't feel that way
because I met everything I was the first
one in the owner might not even look at
that there they said they're doing it on
first come back first-served basis but I
feel like I got bamboozled I feel like
it was a friend of hers or something
like that
many times it's who you know right it
happens in life I feel incredibly
blessed like I've had so many amazing
opportunities presented before me things
that I've worked hard to get I don't
feel entitled order that I deserve
anything unless you're in you meet the
requirements for something you're
following all the rules and then it just
disappointing I'm not like oh what the
heck that was my house but I was like
but surely with ours right I'm so sad I
could go into details I actually think
we're going to do a live stream tomorrow
probably about 2:00 or 3:00 p.m. 1:32
p.m. mountain Center time if you guys
aren't there life will have to replay we
could talk more I don't want to bore you
guys but basically a mess that's all
back on some other places that we looked
at and there's a couple listings that
popped up recently two that I'm
hopefully might as we'll be able to go
check out they've been so good to us so
nice helping us I'm just looking at this
as a hurdle and maybe it wasn't the
right place for us doesn't I still feel
confident that this is where we want to
go are we back at square one I wouldn't
say so because I know the neighborhoods
and things so well and I've been to so
many different places but I couldn't
just send out a million applications
because it costs $100 and you don't get
those that money back and it just is a
waste of money
I've never been so frustrated with
trying to get into a place go and it's
just to rent we're not trying to buy it
like I understand the buying process can
be even more stressful with some
thoughts sometimes things just don't go
your way it's okay to have bad days it's
okay to be disappointed it helps you
grow
it's really how you react to it well you
what you gain from it and this has been
a good experience whether it's been
frustrating or not tomorrow's going to
be a good day and I'm grateful for you
guys always being there for us day two
of vlogging my hard drive died computed
I want to do a vlog memory card deleted
in that moment I was thinking let's just
not do this this was it's too hard it's
too much work not used to this I wanted
to give up so we jump that hurdle and
we're here with you guys today and I
couldn't be more grateful we'll see you
guys tomorrow good night guys
