it's the day you guys have been waiting
for the house tour here we are in know
this room
he's just lounging check this out wow
what a space dang it this space can be
yours for $79.99 what do you think men
like this room oh it appears Oh
beers no has found a new bed to sleep on
I bet he's the first one to put his head
on that pillow totally clean
here we are in our bathroom where wow
what do you think the face of Douglas
Henderson DDS so this year we are making
an extra effort to cook more meals at
home often times we'll be out recording
or maybe the kids will be crazy and
would be like oh let's go get some
takeout it's easy or kind of stressed
out right now but no we're making an
effort right now can they do that as
much so here we are making a meal
tonight as you guys can see we got some
blue apron we've been working with blue
apron for a couple years now we
absolutely love them but I put a link in
the description because the first 50
people to sign up will get $40 off their
first blue apron order we love blue
apron because you get farm-fresh
ingredients sent directly to your door
there chef designed recipes so every
time we make one I actually feel like
I'm on one of those TV shows and the
meals come out absolutely delicious they
have two types of plans the two-person
plan the family plan there's different
recipes you can choose there's like
eight recipes usually that you can go on
you choose which meal you want so right
here you can see I'm making fish I love
salmon Jen does too but maybe you don't
so you get to go choose a different
protein or a different me like that
they're also partnering with whole
thirty to bring customers whole thirty
approved meals from now through the end
of February so if this looks like
something that you guys want to try out
definitely click on the link in the
description I think one of my favorite
things about blue apron is that I'm
learning how to cook I feel like I'm
doing things that I've seen maybe on TV
or on a video but they're teaching me
how to do it and making it super simple
because the ingredients are actually
already kind of separated for you the
exact measurements and you just follow
the recipe so it's pretty easy
the meals also come in a refrigerated
box of the ingredients are super fresh
when you get them you guys saw the ice
pack at the beginning so if you're not
home when the package arrives they'll
still be good they ship to most of the
country so like I said go ahead and
click on the link in the description the
first 50 people will get $40 off your
first blue apron order I must say this
does look delectable and delightful I
think you've already tried everything
I'm excited to try this as I've been
trying it as I've been making it I'm
going up a team
hmm this is good it's so good I really
like eating fish oh yeah like raw fish
I cooked fish like all types but adding
the breadcrumb and that sauce and
everything Wow brings a whole nother
element Wow because usually it tastes
good but with that it's like what I'm
not just saying that guys I'm not just
saying that I've never cooked like that
like I said whenever I flew here
brunette learn new ways to cook and this
is just amazed that help odd sorry I
cleared my plate both of us that was
amazing
maybe my favorite meal that we've made
with blue apron
thank you past dinner Sam guys check out
my succulents that I got today what do
you guys think this one that one safe to
touch this is a low right there and then
I got some cactus and you guys might be
thinking yeah that's pretty dangerous
especially around the kids correct I had
a couple plants when we lived in Utah
and actually loved watering them and
they're just a nice little addition to
my office so I actually have a shelf
that I'm gonna put up on the wall and
put those there because yes they are
dangerous even for me just taking him
out of the plastic I poked myself I
think it advocates fun though we live in
a desert
we have cactus cacti here I've always
wanted some I really want like a little
bonsai and other plants as well if you
guys can remember we wanted to make a
bunch of different photo walls so most
these photos were actually are are
actually going to go into the hallway
and family room and we'll put some other
ones up
we had printed out a bunch of extras but
we ran out of frames so today we made a
run got a bunch more frames I love this
photo this was like our first week in
Arizona
don't we look hopeful don't we look
excited I still feel that way this is
when we realized we needed another
family picture of us and andrea was here
so he took this of us on the back patio
oh I just love them and this was last
summer no it looks so different already
I can't believe it I'm excited to get
back to decorating
making the house feel more homely we
kind of took a break with the holidays
there was a lot going on but now that
things have slowed down and we feel like
we've caught up we've caught our breath
we're gonna make it look even nicer I
also feel like for the most part the
vlogs are getting better and will
continue to get better
having Saturday and Sunday to kind of
take a break and disconnect in a way at
least from posting has already helped me
I feel revitalized I don't want to say I
felt burned out but I was getting there
and now I feel like I can catch my
breath especially with our
responsibilities on Sunday and things
it's just nice to have a little extra
time to take a deep breath and keep
going we also added this succulent in
this vase sure you put flowers in here
put some faint flowers in there
I joked with you the other day and I
said are you ready to move we moved to a
new state where should we go next
no I'll be like a year we like it here
we're happy right now
so that was my pattern I'm going to
attempt but there's only a few pieces
I'm hoping and do it it's for beginner
spy on dope you need to be like a
advanced beginner or an intermediate
beginner you know there's different
levels of beginner there's like a
jumpsuit that I want to try for the new
baby coming and little joggers baby
leggings and like little girl leggings
and it was really cool I'm actually I'm
gonna try and come back and be the
little girl leggings right now in this
getting warmer
I might I don't know we'll see I should
have probably done like the leggings
before I did like this dress whatever
I'm just really excited to do the dress
I got this really cute pink checkered
fabric from Walmart and there's only
three dollars so I was like okay cool
maybe I'll make a three dollar dress
we'll see let's see how it turns out I'm
really excited it took me a minute to
figure out the printing you have like
printed in a certain way like landscape
like her whole blog like tells you
everything to do and then you have to
like cut out everything from the paper
and like table them together
I'm excited though I accidentally left I
left my laundry I did laundry this
morning and it's been in my washer all
day
so just reran that and I decided to just
put my fabric in there because last time
we Peters skirts I didn't wash and dry
the fabric first so I'm home wash them
dry the fabric at this time and we'll
see you'll probably too late to start
anything I start sewing tomorrow or this
weekend but I'm really excited hopefully
I can do it one last thing
who's excited for the Olympics you guys
it's kind of crazy I feel like they
would weigh more hyper for like the
Summer Olympics like way more hype like
I'm like I love Summer Olympics I'm like
yes give me all the summer a little bit
month but I feel like Winter Olympics
aren't really like hyped up unless this
Tamara I've just been like busy for the
Summer Olympics I just had PJ
me and Courtney talk about this all the
time cuz she was at our house I forget
why I think because the babies were
being blessed and Riley was that I don't
even know she just ended up staying at
her house Berg for like an extra week or
something when art when PJ and Eleanor
were born it was so fun me and Courtney
would just like do our feedings watch
some Olympics but the girls down for a
nap but no down for nap watch some more
Olympics it's like so relaxing and so
great and we talked about all the time
about how we watched the Olympics when
PJ Eleonora born and now a little
Charlotte's born during the Winter
Olympics which is just crazy for a
little baby girl this little guy no
Olympics for him but it's all good
so they actually started today um
tomorrow's opening ceremonies which I
love opening ceremonies but first like
qualifying men's ice skating or
something started so Sam was recording
it for me to watch some but let me know
what your favorite winter events are I
feel like I don't really watch the
Winter Olympics except for like ice
skating you know like Summer Olympics i
watch gymnastics and swimming and track
and like a couple different things but
with winter it's like ice skating but
there's like
bobsledding and curling and so many
other really cool things so and like
snowboarding although no we do watch the
snowboarding in like they've got cool
skiing stuff anyway we're going to try
to watch more of it this time around
like I don't
202 minutes left oh my goodness you're
skating freestyle
