oh my gosh wait that's the one you're
doing oh right here he literally just
going to hang a joke okay no uh
Henderson what was that right right
what's up good we decided and we ended
up staying in Salt Lake last night
thought we were going to drive back home
or something but we have the same with
our friends writing Kevin and their cute
babies and then had lunch today and the
kids have been playing on morning which
was really fun and then we were going on
our way home for naps but the kids toss
it in the car and there's much traffic
so we just stayed in the car no do you
know who you might meet tonight who
planning mix gummy videos who are your
heroes on YouTube he said I don't know
if you guys could hear that he goes
ginger you excited no I was a sense of
Carla here hug for good reason I'm
obsessed with Carl and ginger I love
tinder so much oh my gosh when people
know that we're going to see them
tonight he's gonna be a little shy but I
was like hey you wanna answer she was
telling you do you want a dress and
growling ninjas we're good friends I'm
looking to get ginger I'm going to pack
up and head to the hotel oh hello oh
hello oh hi oh one two three
desperate Wow please elevate your single
up
Wow CJ no no this one up you go we just
made it to our room yeah you suck Carl
and ginger go up did you see that you
like to watch yeah you slightly injured
you like to watch them
what about family fun time no you wasn't
there did you see games inbred yeah so
we made it to the hotel we just had
dinner with a baby
Oh
all right welcome to see BICS live of
about it
Noah's with his idols right now Carl and
ginger and he's standing there staring
at them no he's standing there
TJ has a new boyfriend mr. Brooks sir
your boyfriend no space right now sorry
funny cos no watches some YouTube
channels that he loves kids content and
he sauce Family Fun Pack you something
we pump acted with in the lobby and egos
mom dad I watched them and I was like
who's like oh yeah hey they're out there
now we're gonna go swimming yeah yeah
your swimsuit on having a little night
swim already like almost eight what are
you doing
what's that you're acting like you're
asleep quick room tour we got the
bathroom it's looking nice okay very
nice or like art I don't know why I just
like when he wrote it on a towels in the
other room so here's a quick room tour
mirror stay hydrated for a salah' 50 got
two beds I think you think got a naked
baby that just took a bath oh you want
to say and we have a little desk over
here there's a little like you can't
tell cuz there's a bag on it that's like
a seat that you just sit in lay down
relax so you need to eat grapes also
them there's the art right there
and that's just what when you're a kid
like last evx five you hated being in
hotels did you know that now you like
them are you get really excited okay
Oh hits lobby we got to get your footing
first dude what do you think it's a
pretty nice dirty okay let's be honest
with you I got a nice view the city
looks like yeah do the skylight when I
go to pool how'd you cut your back okay
yo how was the pool do you make friends
you made friends like ten girlfriends
and one other friend
this pool is actually incredible I love
the like lookout over here I'm going to
show you guys tomorrow when it's daytime
that's like literally like in the city
oh yeah what happened you're a mummy now
all right let's go
you'll be quiet because Penelope's
already asleep
the next bombing introducing from Utah
No Henderson was that right try China so
there is your motivation today try try
try everybody you don't like doing this
intervention or anything
wow what a minute change the favorite is
that these things he gets I like with
our friends and says whoa he's always
just like sociai in the Nelson he breaks
through we know a great show whoa whoa
okay let's go
what's up everybody it is me go over
there who you who's over there Carl and
ginger Noah said today that he's just so
excited to see Jack so hopefully he gets
to meet up with his buddy but today it's
day two of CVX I swear like day one for
us we're super excited
we made it in we just got to our spot
walk straight to it look at that photo
we look like babies there so I meet up
today is that one o'clock we thought we
would get a nice little lunch and
hopefully they take a nap because we are
in Brandon come on over here would you
get for your lunch mac and cheese I know
you got some mac and cheese it always
has this nice little like caramel apples
we also love the hummus here and I'm
like that's all Jenga selection hummus
pita veggies and I got a little sandwich
apple yogurt
Semih to eat I like have not been eating
a lot the best week I feel like I've
lost like pythons which is good
yesterday
13 thousand steps they won't have TV x5
plus swimming man I burned
I burned 1200 calories just actor
calories that is sweet to the
presentation
we think so
we just dropped the kids off at the
hotel they're there all by themselves
locked in the room it's dead bolted they
can't get out for taking that locked in
I'm going to take an an absolutely have
to be volume-wise are really credit I
feel a little nervous stuff we're like a
lot of the breath because we've been
chosen over here haven't taken a shuttle
yet she's been running like crazy got to
be at 7000 steps already we just started
our meetup there's some people behind it
for mean people it's just kind of a
crazy moment because two years ago like
maybe two two and a half we were really
good at like skyping space-time they're
happy penny but Google Hangouts and it's
something that we've gotten
progressively worse as we've had kids we
Skyped with paulina hi and now we're
meeting in person it's kind of crazy I
was like I started sitting in line I was
like wait Selena who hanged up whatever
it's all squid and our meeting so all
the way from Texas yeah crazy cool okay
if you've traveled over how many miles
you've traveled over 300 miles you got
to be in the block close to South
Carolina Gamecock yeah potato fan yeah
divine beauty channel divine beauty
channel remote loving yourself to
understand your natural beauty beautiful
my boy Joey right here all the way from
Houston Texas that's a long way away
that's two people protected that blue
here we met anyway this slide so I had
to get them on the blog anyone that flew
far they deserved it
so thank you John thank you thank you
real kind on meetup we got the Bolanos
bus here that's the furthest okay
Florida you're not we cannot wait to see
samokov we came all the way down like me
forever up to complete all Famicom they
have the cutest baby my house so baby
cash cars nobody I would - oh yeah I
thought it was so original because I'm
inside you good BAE
so I was like okay I'm going to be my
son TAS and then I care about all the
people and seamless yeah no way
oh my god good times good times Florida
for that order South Carolina Texas
Texas South Dakota those are the present
look at this amazing you look at the Sun
Oh actually an amazing view if I'd run
where's Canada senator Day Spas up there
we're on the desert side Oh teleforce is
a beautiful view it was great see
everything we just got back from the
Convention Center and had a such a fun
Meetup it's so nice to build a chat with
everyone for a little while talking to
people for plus hours yeah two plus
hours definitely penelope slept so good
no woke up really early phonetic freaked
out he clapping I kind he broad and so
my buddy are my girlfriend's husband
brought him over which was I'm so glad
the other tools then because we were
gonna have just one of our buddies
watched them both and that was just been
a nightmare
was probably crying luckily they were
all to take no out of the room and bring
them up to us and kind of walk around
the clinic under a little bit one meet
up down I think we're going to head back
up there we have anyone so many one
tonight I'm just going to send me low
very low key just chat with whoever's
there walk around with the kids kind of
do the stuff to bounce house and
whatever they want to do before bed some
energy out oh those are little kids Noah
has become besties with Parker from the
Ballinger vlogs and his burgers love you
those little kids
the Ballinger kids are like the nicest
little kids with the best manners oh my
gosh
sweetheart so he and Parker had fun
swimming last night so they've been
little buddies today and know I'll
always love seeing Jackson and stuff but
he also was thinking um Zeke I think was
that Zeke in the Dobby mask April
Davey's sudden leak was just like
wearing Adobe Bobbi mask and Noah
thought he was hilarious but I also know
just once hang out with Kyle from Karlin
Ginger's logs hilarious um but it's been
a really fun day very chill which I
loved about CVX live is I'd like just
you get to chat with whoever you want
for a while you know
like you don't feel rushed or doesn't
feel crazy so fun stuff I think we'll
get dinner and happen a little meetup
someone had a good nap
Brennan oh how are you run oh my gosh
get into a runner over
let's see you right now huh can you jump
can you jump oh oh are you standing on a
circle God God go let go let go Oh
another circle Oh guys step from circle
to circle oh hi so I do disappointed
just like gaming with the girls the game
keep it this notice knock down the
entire wall of the screen room hi how
are you guys hey and I've known her some
Thai school like how long which we
weren't into me like you know I've been
like 13 yrs oh my gosh so long as you
haven't seen each other in like 10 plus
years did I make you crazy
oh my gosh oh my gosh and so it's this
big snake Holy Smoke we feel really good
Sam will you hold the tarantula I like I
yeah close in the comments if you would
even hold that in your hand I'm just not
a cup not about that life
oh she's breathe
she's so brave
as something
that all employees
all the big ones they said there's like
a zombie are you in like the big big one
apparently there's like a 75-pound one
hashtag future encounters hey birthday
parties educational thing oh my gosh
wait that's the one you're doing cool
here he literally just going to hang
right that's it oh my gosh I would never
take a picture oh why oh yeah yeah
Oh
around oh it's going good you're good
you're good you're good
it's fun just really sick you guys a
siege is out like that it ain't it's all
right
I don't know what can happen
okay
I think I'm taking a little bit to
thinking a little bit I use cuts that I
help that I hope that's a 50 I thought
that was a big snake no that's a big
snake I'm literally like shaking right
now
are you seriously going to be putting it
in his mouth what oh my freaking
goodness are you kidding me right now
are you kidding me right now open it
over it's like it's like a scary movie
come to life that is insane
that is insane he'll Harry you under
yeah oh no oh no stop stop stop whoa
keep going keep going keep going Cyrus
oh oh I thought you were putting
something on me staring at the Komodo
dragon lizard things just staring at
them dude jump up there this Johnny
never even scares you legit lawn making
station you can make your own wand
incredible yes guys details they just
went above and beyond are you kidding me
we can go through platform neither are
you serious oh my gosh
no I'm going through it
well done you well done look at and this
who made this my sister music are you
kidding me helps made it hard words
further than anything I could have ever
made this amazing oh gosh good job oh
sorry
hey go through it babe go through it go
through it go through it because it's
amazing just do it go through go through
nothing just go through it ha gorgeous
on the other side come on now
you're right I thought that was a setup
first no you're right hog lord this is
how you know you for the good at civics
life you just crash on the bed watching
the Wanda and playing with slime don't
get that all over the bed dude we're
tired
yeah daddy got slime all in his bucket
that was fun we had so much fun a little
green green got to see my friend Paige
from high school I'm not saving like
years over ten years I've got dinner
that was really fun meeting new friends
looks fun
we're gonna go get some pizza in a
little bit but a little pizza party
thing tonight at eight o'clock I'm just
gonna let the kids dip a little bit
later so we can all go to bed full
tomorrow morning they're rolling some of
that you're all doing tomorrow right
right yeah yeah no not tomorrow I tell
my daddy I glean from Ashley cool no
right you talk to Daddy he's ever going
to get pizza another pool right now but
had success has been great so far we've
had a lot of fun I held the giant snake
literally I was like shaking after that
was so scary
a lot scarier than I thought it would be
but the freaking head is huge it was
heavy do-nothing was like heavy did you
see mom hold a big snake yeah you do it
screaming do you like to get close
hey make these guys give me new friends
yeah I got five who's your new friend
that you met hey thank you Jake up or
Parker laughter yeah it's your buddy I
saw I saw
Fenton as my friend named I want on
you'll be kicked from you be kids
because of you be we watched it on
YouTube kid yeah here it's all Family
Fun Pack and I was like I watched that
mom good night I love you I love you
okay now's the time say it
I love you
Babu love you I love you a bj yeah she
legit just said that I love you daddy
Wow hey I love you Noah you want to say
to you I love you Noah I love you assess
me your kiss oh you say I love you mommy
I love you mama I love you mama
okay that's good but can I cancel
I got a nice view the city it looks like
yeah to the skylight all right
