guys I have a baby surprise I've been
pregnant for nine months what is up guys
welcome to another day in Arizona good
morning everyone
it is hot here currently it is 100
degrees I think I said it before the one
thing I really don't like about the
temperature like I can deal with the
superhot dry Meester that I actually
think the dry is not as bad as the
humidity but at night it only dips down
to like 80 in the summer it feels like
so it's still really hot and you can put
your hand down on the cement and feel
how hot it was before this was a good
day busy day I went and had a little
girls night with my some friends and my
wife and children invited me to go was
like a paint and have dinner thing I was
really fun who's fun to do don't love my
picture we'd have very much time to
actually paint because I got a little
sidetracked with dinner sefa
anyway kind of painted those flowers but
it was fun and I'm excited to like try
to find a space in this in the new house
I could put like a desk and stuff I
really want to keep painting because I
really do enjoy it that was funded my
friend Rachel came and babysat the kids
Toad's thought that I had had a memory
card in the camera but I looked this
morning and there was not even a memory
card stolen computer upstairs from the
night before so sorry right now I'm
going to go to the mall I'm looking to
get some clothes for the kids maybe just
an outfit each gentle me today that she
got some clothes so that's pretty
awesome because she really doesn't like
to go shopping often I'm excited to see
what she got I also just can't wait to
see my family
I can't wait it's just good for Kurt but
go
what can you say mama mama see Dada da
right yeah da your bunny
say Dada Thank You ma you say Dada
you see no one say no so I will get on
camera eventually guys you really gotta
say them now Dada Dada Dada ya know what
ya boo that doesn't matter
Oh Oh mom stop making me talk that
making me talk Oh tomorrow we actually
hide down to Salt Lake
I'm gonna go pick up Sam at the airport
and we're so excited he doesn't land
into like three so we're at have half of
the day with just us and then tomorrow
evening is our friend Amy waters baby
shower for a little Mallory which we
really fun to see all of them so I
stopped there and then my friend Kaitlyn
was literally across this like cross the
street from her she's having a little
get-together since we're all going to be
down there and then I'm just gonna head
were some stains felt like because CVX
starts on Thursday J house is coming
into town they're going to go to CVX I'm
so photographer Kendra we're going to
try to get together with them this
weekend and it'll be just be fun to see
La Prensa Kona kini are coming all of
from Alabama so I'll be fine
lots of people are coming this year
which is immediately fun and it's 3-day
use this year which is like crazy you
say mama you say Dada da hey I love you
okey I'll ask my family Oh
this kid has been a rock star at the
playground haven't you yeah playing
Munson so many little boys playing right
now no but seriously no as never plays
like so many little boys at one time I
hope going and praying it goes so far so
good
are you so getting so good at making new
friends and playing and sharing yeah
playing monsters I'm so proud of you
nothing's so good having your friends so
good that you and I love you I love my
game I know you do yeah I know
all right just happens it doesn't I'm
going to show you guys what I got my
guess is a car so much dust in the air
I know if you guys can see it out there
oh I get in my throat I'm lucky can tell
there's a lot of dust in the air meeting
me I can get it good honestly like
shopping for the kids vanilla flavored
awesome hopefully they like touch got a
rainbow what the heck that's Bo oh my
gosh it's a double rainbow
Oh Buffy alright well that was another
disaster almost brought my stroller into
the store I know how big the store was I
came to the new brewery out here they
built a new one and it was I shoulda
brought my looks big enough and
pick it wouldn't have been running
around banging the mirrors in the
dressing rooms but that happened sorry
maybe some releases but I know you don't
want this but uh
I feel like I should apologize Brenda's
getting a few things don't know if it's
cute or not might have to exchange
Rick's wedding some like trying to try
not exactly likes granny on this door
but idea but maybe I shouldn't get what
I bought I don't know about a shopping
and also I want in shape and I'm
definitely not in shape right now and
okay but I can look at body but we're
all women all women and men and everyone
have had month times when I just don't
love their body as much as other times
and that's me right now so in that
totally fine and normal I will have done
I've given myself goals kind of
accomplish tonight look at this big girl
she got a mini mini scoop do did one got
a minute okay and what time masters on
here mmm-hmm
could I got a mini scoop as well yeah me
too is coming off they gave you a big
mini scoop I must say huge I got pink
floyd blended with her outfit a little
bit better
everything I did was the best thing ever
ooh hi pink beard baby peace years oh
baby coos beard
I could watch her eh Scoob all day good
Jana all right touch on it now where we
literally we're only here for like five
minutes we're gonna go because maybe Jax
is out there husband I'm not sick
anymore so I can hold him
I told it so I get to hold up Thank You
Atun coming back and I've never held him
could be so long because I save going to
go do because I think back to his
birthday thanks hope we did it in flicks
like you like that same sizes I think
some family was this little friend
sleeping babies are my favorite look I
had a baby I think your mom has some
right I said in my new baby guys I have
a baby surprise I've been pregnant for
nine months just kidding you almost
struck like a drug that baby smells
literally a drug culture Matthew ho
janessa oh he's always reading Oh My
heavens why are you bringing me these
vanilla because you want no one to go
swing oh my gosh oh gosh I can't take
all these although I am going to Arizona
so she has probably farther this if you
look at the baby you see the baby can
you see the bit look it you see the baby
no no I you see the baby you want to
hold him yeah yeah you do fairy tale
love pulling the babies Noel come see
Jackson come see Jackson oh boy are you
giving daddy kisses and hugs she takes
that off the fridge and starts putting
it on her face like to her face like
she's hugging kissing daddy is that dad
oh good you get it tomorrow tomorrow oh
yeah so noise parks I'm excited to see
you guys at the airport I want to pick
at the same time hippo is Kobe Shea
so I'm going to fly home Thursday is
when all the fun really begins because
there's a convention in Salt Lake CVX
live this weekend you guys should go
we'll be there we have meetups on Friday
and Saturday I can't remember the exact
time I calendar it's on my website it's
on the website 11:00 and 6:00 and 106
we're just it's funny because that's
like the worst times for is probably
it's like hungry x plus nap times this
will be our third year which is pretty
crazy yeah good night
tomorrow
