good morning 9:30 and we're already
dressed net park which never happens
like they know dad's gone they're like
mom is in today's entire time I'm trying
to see if I'm fitting in the camera
there's a mirror behind here am I in the
shot I'm in the shot is this better
what's up guys I'm still here in Arizona
as you guys have seen I've been looking
for a place for us to live David comes
to my house at like noon I think or
12:30 and he's gonna suit the kids while
I hopefully sleep knock on some wood I
need someone
she's my brain well I go Tim massage is
what tomorrow afternoon you have an
hour-long massage and a facial but I've
never had a face on my entire life like
kind of cool and I'm like breaking out
like a stressed-out teenager over here
so it's gonna be really nice and then a
massage like what so excited for massage
ready yeah she loves us nice now a good
thank you good thank you
he came to education when we had left we
had stopped by a place and found a model
of a house that we really really really
really liked there was going to be a
quick movement available so we were
working with them to get pre-approved
and we were feeling really really good
about it
I wanted to stop by the house and see
what it was actually like where it was
located because we had only seen the
model house and that's completely
different we wanted to actually go to
the location while I was there I face
time with Jenica we talked about it we
kind of felt like maybe we shouldn't
rush into this especially because we
weren't in love with where it was
exactly and everything else with the
house so then later that night I
FaceTime Jenica we're on the phone we
were talking and just discussing what we
should do what we felt like was the
right decision after talking for a while
we decided that it was probably best to
just you know our main goal is just to
get out here and to be living here we
decided to switch our focus
to just finding a rental home the one
that would be a good fit for at least a
year that way there's less pressure on
us to find a house to buy that's like a
big commitment and then personally and I
didn't say this to Jen on FaceTime or
when you're on the phone but I want her
to be there and experience the whole
home buying like experience whether it's
you know the good and the bad and the
joy I honestly feel like when we go to
buy our house it should feel rewarding
like we worked super hard for this and
Jen's entire life she has wanted to live
in a house that she could call her own
she didn't really experience it as a kid
and I always felt that security as a kid
my parents bought about their house I
lived in it and I felt you know I didn't
even think about it as a kid right so to
me it almost felt like it was like
unfair that I was experiencing this
without her in a way so that's just like
a side mark that's like not why we made
the entire situation but in my mind I
was thinking this would be so much more
enjoyable and fun with her as like a
reward for the hard work that we've put
into into everything so we're at the
park and the little kids that know was
playing with last night that he got
along really well with we're here this
morning oh my goodness no notice I'm was
like running up to that and then the
little boy found no I was like my friend
my friend and then he like jump off the
playground it was like I'm he let me go
and like gave rein over and gave no a
big hug and of course they started
playing Monster again but it was like
the cutest thing I'd ever seen
because sometimes it's hard for snow to
make friends in the playground
sometimes there's clashing personalities
you know lately
Oh kids apart he's very happy proud mama
sorry ride a bike anyway
I'm proud that I'm proud of Noah he's
come a long way with making friends at
the park and understanding that everyone
wants to play you know one could be here
coloring okay I was trying to do dr.
dark and have Noah trace them but he had
relations concepts so I kind of helped
him he's a huge fan of that but yet just
coloring yeah beautiful
he's gaming ah beautiful and Noah's
making pictures huh beautiful Oh Kajal
are we did it right awesome we've
decided that we're going to rent a house
whatever think about buying it wasn't
just like oh we want to buy a house we
were putting a ton of time behind the
vlogs so I decided to go check out
another house I was available for rent
and this is that
into this house because there was
another one that caught my eye and
actually have not recorded anything in
it yet but I did submit an application
and we are currently waiting to hear
whether it would be ours
if we do get it we will be moving out
here probably in the next three weeks
maybe for three or four weeks I think
fingers crossed it works out because the
one we had originally tried to get we
were like three people behind and we
didn't but this one I actually feel like
might setups even better and I can't
wait for you guys to see it if we do get
it
look what daddy ordered what is it it's
mallanna
that is so cute Amina go on a little
little with a little gold book that
would be so good I'm scared to Joseph it
is good did we wash it and I like needed
that I loved it
yeah they watched it almost every day
everyone hates that I say Mona yeah mom
wanna I know well I'm not mom what do
you think daddy I'm pretty sure that's a
surprise from daddy what do you say
nicely this message what's this did and
the time I was gone and he did nothing
to stop it
okay that is so cool thanks dad guys I
got back to my facial massage like an
hour ago maybe
you moms and dads out there I need to go
cell phone massage or a facial or
something it was awesome
so much we were outside for a little bit
so I'm a little sweaty now but man it
was relaxing thanks Sam so good and they
state for watching the children this is
good reading
are you reading it you got more wine now
I think this is going to be her favorite
book just reading it to herself
good girls we read it no because no okay
I'm done reading this and threw it over
here and actually like wobbled over it I
can open just squatted a so there it is
and you're so cute you're pretty cute
too since Beadle here oh yeah oh are you
sure everyone had picture so these here
and whenever there's an adult male
figure besides his dad used to copy
something about them D torna hatsan nose
running hot okay funny story my dad
takes me a picture a couple days ago of
my little brother
and I just freaked out so it was the
twister Graham but I just had it yet
it's David as a little boy and it's just
like it looks like Noah let me try and
zoom in on it and what did I tell you
when before Noah was born when I found
out was having a boy would I tell you I
called you up here Jenna lime did like
me yeah literally I had the craziest
dream about Noah before he was born and
I was like oh my gosh this will cousin
come out looking just like David and I
was right was beard just but just look
at this picture I showed it to Noah and
he thought it was Noah he thought it was
himself like Noah whiz this know what oh
my gosh
I can see that from this weird angle
right come on look
this picture of David this is David not
know what can you believe that
they have the same hair similar features
and I was lips are a little bigger but
that's really the only difference can
you believe this look at his face I
don't know a little girl to chosen them
look is that it's not insane
looks just like Noah tell them to see
your face now yeah that's crazy one of
those a really funny story that you
should show this to Noah and Noah
thought it was him uh-huh
when we lived in the apartment complex
when we're a little really little by
Rancho or problems in the church when
mom and dad leg on off center there was
there was a picture in the in the
apartment in dad's room hanging on the
wall of him wearing a white t-shirt
white short shorts white socks and white
shoes on a green grass lawn out of the
house and at this time I was like I
don't know that looks aggressive but I
look at the wall and I was like hate
that when we take his picture of me and
he goes no bonehead that's me like what
do you talk about when he was little
yeah when he was like I don't know 10 12
yes but he was like a couple years older
than I was at the time and I'll get well
when we take this picture of me what
helps is that he was like to bested me
from when I was your age and I was like
oh snap and I just thought that was
because it's my greatest thing like when
we take this picture of me so you look
just like dad well you look a lot like
Belle oh yeah
David looks a lot like my grandpa is
what I have a very clean shot at some
angles I was like Marcos shoot yeah
that's true
you look all like yeah all just like
Guerrero's just look like this it was
like yeah Noah Noah great like a or
ericaceous a mutant Alfie Penelope we
were talking about doc are you talking
about no it does look like or Guerrero
that's okay I wish we could and look I
was there like live-action instant
replays because I really had I said like
exactly I can repeat it grows just look
my blood yeah
Noah Noah great like a rare occasion I
have no idea what I'm saying anyway Noah
looks just like uncle T technically and
did not agree bright when you okay okay
I asked right yeah yeah you do as well I
was young mom got mine you got my girl
coloring and stuff for boys answer
mm-hmm and then this little girl got
Anderson huh all that Anderson Denning
blood huh
near blondes just like a love Sam pepper
so Sam's dad side of the family the only
large up the capitalist they're all
blonde blue-eyed and TJ looks actually
just sitting over there really well all
I know she like tell me that now I
opened it for her tall cuz it was yours
I stole it from she stole it from me I
think so when I'm talking to Sam earlier
today she's like even though he has P to
the ninth no it's okay I have some stuff
I need to make but now after a massage I
feel like so relaxed I just do not wanna
cook so we are going to order some hon
readies or go pick up some cotton
readies she only wants two water bottles
now guys and she jumped dump top of it
all over herself and also I was just
saying something about helpin Elsie
looks like Sam's dad has a family but
she also looks like my mom like a ton
because we have pictures of my mom but
she looks kind of similar to mom like my
mom was very fair and has like green
eyes and stuff and so it's kind of funny
she looks more like my mom
I love seeing pictures of our parents as
little babies although Sam as a little
baby there's a picture in his parents
room of him as a baby and he looks just
like Penelope I don't know sleep today
Selma I don't know but it was crazy we
are here getting some snow cones tonight
I just mowed the lawn and it could
recover intact let me tell you we're
near snow cone David just ran down to
get a drink and get back here right hang
out a little bit I think we will drop
David off at home and then
to a new park tonight hey welcome ladies
welcome whoa two hands two hands two
hands
Wow buddy that look good
the one I got locked on no it's hog and
tigers less passion fruit orange mango a
finger yeah Wow
honesty goodbye that
how's it taste good yeah yeah
rent it come on man her running is the
funniest ring friend man yeah she's
trying so hard right nog me over here
tonight you can do oh you can do it you
can do it helping it down mine this way
so happy after that's no ko that sugar
woo I took you I just can't handle you
hey the park ah I love editing the
footage of Jenin the kids it's so much
fun when I'm not there I actually see
what's going on and I just I miss them
so much
oh you guys enjoyed today's vlog Lucy
eyes tomorrow good night ever
we'll see what happens
