this is so cute Sam's the best come to
wait for now and wake up so she's still
asleep did you look up a little bit
earlier than she should've welcome to
little treasure hunt what is it here
well I'll give you a treasure hunt a
treasure hunt
I'm going to read it he left us clues to
find the prize it says good morning I
missed you guys already how about we
start the day off with a treasure hunt
first clue ready
PJ sleeps here but I am below where's PJ
sleep in her bed she will look to see if
there's something under her bed you see
me under her bed look under Sisson yeah
okay pick it up it's showing it show me
it says you got me second clue it's time
to wash my clothes to grab your clue
where do we wash our clothes and that's
Tyler's shirt the washing machine cool
look yes
ah good afternoon ladies and gentlemen
I'm here outside your house let's go
ignite I just bought this I'm sleepy I'm
checking it again let's good night good
so it was actually one of the houses
that we were looking at buying we had
been in the model house she had never
been inside the actual house it's
currently under construction not
available right now but it's good to be
inside one that's not the model house
Jen's dream kitchen is a white kitchen
this is not that but we're not looking
for our dream house right now
nice little bedroom honest bathrooms
pretty nice whoa big shower is enough to
crush whoo aah storage little little
entertaining area nicely ahead whoo I
like this like this in the model house
is amazing there's a built-in fixture
over here that I would really want so
hot so hot in here
tall ceilings which was this uh oh this
is the master bedroom
the giant shower thing can you imagine
doing construction in here it's so hot
all right it's really nice yeah
I do love this this was like they can do
a built-in here yeah really yeah we'll
go look at it
I like being in here that's like really
hope so laundry room jack-and-jill
bathroom
I'm story kind of denied
whoa some pretty big
I just FaceTime Jen she can elicit a
video that will so I hope I got lunch on
this and always come back but I don't
think we're sold by any me because if we
were to get this out I feel like we'd
want to customize certain things or just
like be patient and get at least the
kitchen looking how Jen wants it another
things like that but very nice house
there's a razor blade it's really nice I
always wish the downstairs like living
area was a little bigger position I
don't know what I would do this space I
wouldn't want all our clutter here I'd
like the kid stuff apology yesterday
here yeah it's like a couch little
sitting area very nice though
all these houses great community looking
put the washing machine oh it says let's
do this so make sure we give us your
experience Oh Chloe I am where the
Cheetos lay to rest under the brown
comfy cushion just don't be too in our
memories here and there neither no this
is a little couch somewhere so up on the
couch with look under the cushions of
the couch look under the biggest one
maybe I get to lift up this whole
cushion and I get under there Oh hmm you
find it you all right the first time
dude yeah
can you treat it with me haha go for
know us go stinky poops here where do
you go stinky poops
yeah might be the bathroom upstairs
stuff
let's get the toilet seat I don't see in
there no okay welcome to the toilet seat
Oh Donna busy grabbing hmm so when you
go into these model homes they're always
just gorgeous you want all the furniture
in it like this game room this is
incredible this is actually not the same
model that we had looked at but a pretty
beautiful I would definitely love to
have something like that in a house one
day the pool they just do a tremendous
job of making these places look so
inviting that you want them but it adds
a ton of money this is actually one of
the features that you could add to one
of these houses if you were to buy it or
build it this kitchen is just amazing
dream kitchen right here imagine cooking
over there for the family and then
you're watching yes both yeah hanging
out the thing that we love about these
houses the most is that the windows let
in so much light just I mean just look
at it look at it that's definitely one
of the things that we would love to have
a house that we owe and someday might
not be the first one but that's
something that we really love about
these fully those are the same house
that I just showed you guys but the
model home version and as you can see
it's like fully decorated
look and nice the paint the wall
fixtures here's the jack-and-jill
bathroom which is interesting the things
like they don't have the doors on them
in the model room and I feel like the
doors in the actual home offer a lot
more annoying
I'd almost not want them but that
doesn't really make sense or anything
you know this is the master bedroom in
the model home and like that built-in
right there every when you need that
because we have dressers and it would
actually fit in nicely some of the stuff
I feel like you get it IKEA but check
those windows love it the bathroom the
bathroom is pretty cool so interesting
how they do the showers this way but I
kind of like it another house third door
here a door there three doors and like
they're all opened and it was like a
comment I was like oh my gosh a lot of
doors and smaller
look I don't think we're going to try
and move into the one that's available
in the next month or so this stinks that
you don't ku5 I'm a little and small
from always there to haul dirt and rocks
and garbage on Mondays I see a note
hanging out got it
hope you're enjoying this special
surprise I would stare at the water wait
Oh for the airglow a threw me off
I've been staring at the water long as I
can remember
let's rock it out in dad's office he
took the morning he wet he went full out
this is amazing push hard it's duck that
plant is in the air - oh jeez
oh my goodness I'm the treasurer no what
hey what you get now
Maui is if you got a little more water
pop oh my gosh it's so cute and I got
ready player one our man cool keep it
down for a second I'm have you open it
look at this
I had no idea he was doing this he did
it when I was that medicine oh my
goodness okay
he must be always find a really good
book okay let's get this or Morna to
ever want anything to be yadda
do you think that daddy let you open it
come on sir yes sir yes what was out
there guys yeah my word show me I
wouldn't watch it I'm gonna watch it
it's a huge Maui just open my mama open
mine
I said people wonder oh she's so happy
and he is very happy she couldn't tell
and I'm very excited Sansa do you wanted
to read this book nothing what book
would we both want to read I not God but
he is one of us she got me divergent
before it was even popular what for me I
not got for daddy I'm mama book to read
and got you a Maui would you see the
daddy yeah I miss you already
I miss you already game you wanna so
happy she's so cute so cute
daddy you're the best hey malli my see
ya favorite guy yeah yeah so this is
actually the third floor this is
considered a bedroom and this would be a
really good place to have all the kids
stuff it also be a good place for an
office that's like almost too big like I
feel bad I don't know I like it though
lot of light so there's a living area
downstairs and one upstairs too
so actually maybe this is really kid
stuff he go Leonard rooms bedrooms
bathroom so thanks
okay where we going down inside bounce
and slide I check the trick Tasi section
of town as well as sweepers custom the
guide through here so check the journals
like hey I'm taking the kids to sounds
and flying at 10:30 you guys want to
come or I can pick up the kids or number
Avon with your dress so pretty
use the difference that I love it wow
you guys have gotten really good no I I
think you've grown so much and doing
this whoa whoa no taco no taco
there's little look looking for mom
careful not careful hey we're back
outside because I've been wanting to
jump so bad and I haven't lessened
because the wall stress is right in this
and this used to in the grass certain
day we had a mole other week there's so
many of these black jackets they're just
everywhere so type of loss I remember
last year when Noah got stung or the
year before oh no that's done a few
times we lived in the apartment complex
because they just make all their nests
on the playground on the playground
equipment stuff anyway he got he got
stung there and then whatever in another
neighbor just said that her kid got
attacked by them she had some of the
backyard I guess there's everywhere
everywhere and they're painful little
buggers also this little lady has been
carrying around her Milan now the entire
day slept with her woke up with her
question her hand was so upset that I
wouldn't let her take it into the store
Johanna I show him my day oh yeah no
they're not one super smiles because he
was upset that Daddy wasn't putting him
to sleep today so kind of upset and John
also said that's okay they are a little
obsessed with this is a humble one pop
figures it's the cutest thing ever
also guys I'm just like so excited to
move and not have my living room be the
toy room I think that's what I'm most
most most excited for that's like my
only request I'm like there just needs
to be a space or two kid stuff whether
it's a loft
another extra room or one of those
attends that it's like a bedroom but
there's no closet so they can't consider
a room like we just need a place because
this literally I'm like I'm insane I'm
going insane I cannot stand the mess
anymore mostly because they don't say
it's a big method it's not right you
just like make messes
okay let's put on the table up here we
must daddy we wish you were here man
hi Daddy you're so sweet oh yeah you
love your dad yeah all of that cute
little scavenger hunt 217 I've ever seen
in my life
we are currently riding our bikes to the
park because someone's o'clock and the
kids are getting a little tired we'll
pgz a little tired cranky so you'll play
for a little while and enjoy sunshine
before bedtime Wow oh good yeah me the
yummy little kids came to the park we
came up snouted you want to play with us
come play with us and he's like in
heaven that kid wanted to play with him
it's so cute
I'm so happy can't comment on that I was
high for tomorrow so what this day was
coming over at this time and you're a
massage and a facial
so what cuz they told me to get one
before she lets us like no tomorrow
afternoon you have an hour-long massage
and an hour-long facial yeah Dave is
gonna come watch the kids how fun and
only one after you know after the full
week are you surprised when that
happened were so excited a massage and a
facial I've never had facial my entire
life I'm so excited uncle Dave's gonna
come over for a couple hours while
they're napping
luckily the stuff starts when nap time
is so so basically hopefully fingers
crossed for most most of it but I'm very
excited
I know well that's good the Hodag along
baby pj is currently the monster they're
all running OH
she spoke I would be participating
nighttime is loyally my Worf
my likely stare at time to be like I
just like any human being I'll survive
I'll put my big girl panties I can
handle this week today was a great day
know had a few meltdown for me miss
daddy but yeah and it's just we're so
fortunate that like no one canal take it
to be with both of us every single day
like those kids don't so he's just not
used to one of us not being here but
it's good for him it's good to for him
to understand that my mom and I aren't
together in the house every single day
although it's hard to understand as a
three-year-old but they're finally
asleep it's nine o'clock I'm going to
get this mess now even though it'll be
just like that again tomorrow and eat
some popcorn and watch a show and just
miss my up I'm gonna miss you I love you
and how something went good today I mean
Sam talked a few times on the phone this
is it a few places we're getting our
we're getting our bearings more and
knowing exactly what we want to do so
exciting stuff ahead hope you guys had a
great day and we'll see you tomorrow
right good night
