I turn the light blue for a special
unboxing yes surely tell duck or the
true light outside so I'm looking to put
them back toy alright though blue light
kind of shadows a blue apron for
sponsoring today's video as you guys
know we've been getting great prints for
a very very long time we always get the
family meal tonight we're cooking
together well the kids they say though
hopefully they there's something to it
oh here we go quick unboxing you got two
recipes corn and cheddar enchiladas YUM
and sweet pepper chicken it looks like
as a nice little pasta I think this is
what we're gonna cook tonight as you
guys know it's always filled with fresh
ingredients things that our family loves
this is peppers like these are kids
favorites whoo noodles
see looks like there's some cheese
peppers they all review the amount that
you need for the recipe so you don't
have to throw anything away with you and
all you have to do is go on their
website you can pick some meal plan that
fits you guys like I said we do a family
plan because we have four people and our
kids like to eat possibly do too and I
also have two couple super cool
yeah we would always pick the things
that we think our kids would like and
it's usually something we haven't cooked
before which is kind of fun because oh
yeah then we try to cook the same kind
of recipe later you get the recipe I
always hold on to the cars and we lump
them every time because I would love to
remake them go on the website like I
said check out what's best for you it
comes in this refrigerated box so things
like the chicken express is freezing
cold it's available in most of the areas
in United States so I'm going to take
all these ingredients right here which
are listed here and hopefully turn it
into something like this the first 50
viewers that click on the link and use
it will get three meals off their blue
apron order for free there's no
commitment you can cancel at any time
definitely worth trying out we do love
cooking all these meals and they always
turn out to be your best
look like the picture I don't remember
you cannot be how's the food oh is it
good so I like fried the top of it with
some flour that's really really really
really good this is almost like an
elevated mac and cheese to me do you put
using it do you like yours good I'm so
glad having a pool party when it's in a
baby ah yeah we do a little slip and
slide oh it's fun I write so cute in
that pool that water's freezing I've a
lot to do today I was up super late
trying to make a list of places to visit
I have appointments all set up because
tomorrow I am flying to Arizona and I'm
going to find us a place to live Jenna
and I had a really good talk last night
we really didn't think we would buy a
house when we went out there the first
time and then we saw some and saw
neighborhoods they were like wow that
really fits a lot of the things that we
want in life right now but in every
decision that we make especially the
most serious ones like bees buying a
house it's a huge commitment we want to
do it together we want to make the right
choice so I have made a more extensive
list of new rentals that I'm going to
check out buying you're still an option
working with someone right now we'll see
no let's say I'm going to try one of
these little spicy we need to film the
video but we didn't really excited this
is a G Jetta
yeah looks like yeah okay you know this
looks like no a giant cheeto dust by CTL
movie nothing right - you like did you
try it no I have it right here I can't
see why you're not open I thought it was
some use sour candy
hmm what is it like a giant cheeto fuzzy
though no I mean it says the average Joe
if you slightly as I like oops I see
well you have advanced taste buds you
know that's my challenge is I'm dead
serious
oh is it smells I see the giant cheeto
that's so weird
the giant into giant cheeto puffy so
most it reminds me of like the the corn
that you can get with like butter and
then it also has a stronger taking
Romney really yeah I'll fight I'll like
be food oh I love that like seaweed
ex-wife II like it
someone got a haircut
we didn't go to our usual place Sam said
that there they're full look at this
stylist dude they want a little bit
shorter on the sides this time I think
come on let's see you look so handsome
looking so handsome
I loved onei of my hair with him though
it's a mediate understand the inner
Kovac you first time you want hate it
you didn't like it now a lovely justice
really this strictly business but then
the girl those phonies here she's just
like glucose hair making it all like how
he eats and I do it was Hughes and
seriously before she got it she's like
no like they're all after with gel and
like spiking that Vinci like oh do you
have any girlfriends in your hair nice
funny said yep just like all my shirts
your girlfriend did yep my neighborhood
yeah
oh my you have girlfriends who is your
girlfriend there your your girlfriend
oh yeah Monica ha ha you're so funny
I get me malli what tomorrow have a
special little surprise for each person
than that
a little little little little and don t
forget everything changes I know
family's very rough morning huh okay I
suppose this time you America with you
today
they let me die - you won't go with me
yeah yeah oh sure thing love you with
kisses daddy love you daddy
what about me okay oh no you guys I love
you so much
two three foot high wait yeah - don't
leave me never let go slowly in clearing
we could we could make look at me
literally I'm leaving I'm already really
sad
we just spent so much time together
every single day like such as an amazing
blessing that one right apart which is
good we kill it which is a good thing
that's good right you better we didn't
see each other what
I mean it would be worse this would be
worth a few words we do is each other
everywhere us and the kids do just meant
by si si Racha Robin mr. belman but I'm
going to go find a police not coming
home until we have one fifty fifty now
rent
Oh getting last step - I think tomorrow
will be the last step of knowing what
we're pre-approved for and that will
kind of dictate what we're leaning
towards yep
so I was on the phone a long time today
and
have a list of rentals on legal visits
as soon as tomorrow as soon as I get
there excited I'm gonna say sorry the
kids are going to be a side nose and the
legs of them forget that you're gone
yeah you just want to do everything let
me talk about his new thing right now
it's like oh it does wear your black
socks helicopter flying shoes wait
daddy's of your suction okay okay wait
you got you wear stormtrooper shirt we
should get like a matching outfit for
you
nice yes you got the black shorts let's
get a my shirt yeah I have all you daddy
- sure it's nice just go to H no wonder
out there which we like to everyone I'm
gonna leave this camera with ten so she
can capture things and some things and I
will have a camera with me as well so
hopefully we find what we're looking for
was it luck see you guys tomorrow he's
fine good night
so this is actually the third floor this
is considered a bedroom
