I know my gosh look at this angel boys
welcome to the world check what a freak
hi I didn't forget about you I promise
look at the shoes day home got her fit
her they're so cute
good morning and happy Pioneer Day whoa
get some were descendants and my voice
is gone we are here with our friends
ready to enjoy celebrating the Pioneers
I can't imagine being a pioneer I can
literally walking on cars and I'm
already tired
I know look at his two girls look at
those cute boys they had the Pioneer Day
I'm you turn your day oh sorry
I am walking with country miles to walk
in 100 miles yeah so many people out
this parade
oh my god
I got that nice hot bath no I don't want
more water yeah oh my god Bobby Bobby oh
my god here take back me up I got a lump
oh here take it all together
look at it this is more than just
calling means man so think about the
knock doors for the candy to see here
yeah okay so this morning we had a great
time had parade
it was awesome my friend oh sorry it's
not a good parade cousin ever been to
that one but it's on submitted on the
other one because mr. K means stuff and
we were going to go to the pool straps
and stuff but Te'o has been busy with
karate and whatnot the babies over there
the new baby as long as it may be so bad
I still back to keep me like I feel like
they I feel like I'm making excuses to
not to the baby but don't get new baby
Jaxen sick I would feel awful and we're
all still very snotty and like justice
let's go please hurry but so since the
pool like a lots of things you don't
know if it opened up because of time
your day could take place a holiday we
saw so personally with my scream oh hey
girl oh hey girl
turtle stuff touch your stuff shoes it
would bank de Haan from my shoes what's
nice wow that's a big one huh that's a
mini scoop to be good don't wanted pink
so the pink was raspberry sorbet which
looks really good tastes good
PJ PJ we just got a single scoop and I
just put some on a cone for her to feel
included ah you got me
thanks is it so good TJ yeah she's so
cute my time so cute pink tongue gosh oh
my gosh look at this angel boy welcome
to the world Jackson very don't you oh
my goodness you know my voice don't you
he did like you're he's got to both
those are mine neither one neither one
of my children got my dimples
everything else all crises but he got my
dimples oh oh q oh oh hi thanks for the
hug
oh my goodness Krista he's so cute baby
so cute oh I love your cuddles you
Pioneer Day means I'm grateful for all
the pioneers who checked across the
United States come settle in the state
it's crazy because the pioneers like
were persecuted out of the Midwest and
then they came and established Utah Las
Vegas Arizona practically like all those
papers yes the kind of site on the west
basically they settled wet which is
awesome and the grateful first then and
that would be a very hard journey to do
across the mountains in the snow without
proper shoes weather and across rivers
so that's why we like to celebrate it
fun mix right a little shindig I'm check
it out
oh cool snow down a sealer one
look at they have they have a
firefighter sticker book and special
forces that one's cool too
we have a train one look at the train
when my grandma had to make the trains
use the sticker books are amazing yeah
berries I want the fairy one the fire
truck one firefighter man was a slight
way down slide the other to bounce over
there I liked it there
okay what would you out to eat yeah yeah
okay what's the sigh which face paint
we're going to get done there's these
little ones a bigger one
and there's even bigger ones you want a
full face or just a little one the
dragon is a pirate tiger I mean okay
I'll go give every
no see that looks oh he looks better
than the picture that we looked at let
me see it again
Wow should sissy get one no P do you
want to get one Omega this is City
butter play CC she do not want it but he
did it half was just like no I'm good
excitement I got you family's here ready
for another baby oh no I got you see she
wants to be a big girl
hey did you see fireworks there that's
how you teach a zebra oh it looks like
one of those YouTube video my work fails
like oh really come over there no oh
cool chairs did you sit down enjoy it
with lots of people out
we start with us front row seats to our
own neighborhood show our neighbors town
Christian era doing their own little
fireworks
Noah's lucky no nap I get something
watch fireworks let's see what happened
oh my gosh oh my gosh area at the
Pioneer Day everybody
oh wait that comes out of the phone yeah
my gosh I feel like we're balloon that
comes out too is there I have no idea I
feel like I saw the other neighbors had
something like this really yeah almost
Polaris Oh what's it doing three folks
is this pooping smoke what a freak I was
literally about to walk up to it I was
about to walk up to it oh my gosh scared
me oh my goodness
the dog actually Pope's actually true
let's move the throughput down touch it
Oh what they really soft that's crazy
yeah a ball it's like boom oh good night
for your guys Maya
