hello Noah oh oh I'm losing that oh oh
oh no cameras Lee no cameras please
afternoon guys also taking morning but
is that wording kids after napped I'm
just starting the book oh I'm so sorry
you would come down uh-oh
she said oh now sort of no just like
Noah did pretty sure you said oh right
I'm pretty sure serious today another
clean-up day well I need to get rid of
like half of this stuff in here is just
old and doesn't fit I've had for a long
time so today I'm going to just bag up a
lot of stuff I'm not amusing Sam needs
to probably do it again before we leave
because he's got a lot of stuff I don't
really don't have like that much clothes
like literally this is like all my
clothes that's it and then like winter
stuff and dresses but I only wear like
these things because this doesn't is old
doesn't fit I just hate getting rid of
stuff stuff I just feel like oh yeah
often 10 eventually but I really I
haven't worn that stuff in like let me
dance I'm like let's just get rid of it
figure out declutter a bit as I need to
like actually a pack because I haven't
yet it's probably make my bed but I had
it so we're going to do Ready Set
chocolate
ah where'd you go from just scared the
poop out of me oh my goodness
you scared me you always scared me after
you wake up from your nap I never hear
you your little ninja hi
how would you sleep don't put your glove
on pushes you doing I'm fine I love
being distant that guy
what yeah you can fly the skies that
keep on yeah look Supergirl yeah Wow
that's it Wow your power cool Kadena
yeah you in a bad line dude this Butler
shooed them away yet Batman I'm too bad
MIMO cute huh give me okay okay I know
Batman protects people okay Jim Jim Joe
no no yeah
are you a bad guy
hi cute girl thank you boy you got your
arms full when take your helmet off I
just had a wall I did I think I did too
much today
for how unwell I am feeling kind of feel
like I shouldn't like I shoulda brought
a blanket to just like lay down here in
the shade but that's okay
monday is Pioneer Day and in Utah
Pioneer Day is kind of there's like more
fireworks than the fourth of July and
there's parades and stuff and I just
thought ought to driving by saying let's
go to prey on my bag he's coldly need
end trapper
cute kids though what we're trying to
capture and I'll be saying the greatest
hello ever does a little parrot hello
can't get it right oh hello hey Penelope
when I drove up on my when I rode up on
my bike I said hello say like 10 times a
video hey hello get some water yeah my
thinking this is good though hey no no
I'll do it
okay hello okay hello Noah ah hello
daddy
yeah that's Dylan
hello Noah Wow when I was when your
friend ups you I was saying mom tell
your same mama mama mama mama Dada da
Dada da Dada hi hello death either yeah
okay where the trucks are saying no
wajal no no no no no it was so cute I
can't wait to talk to Penelope though I
love talking to no I just love hanging
conversations and I feel like it's gonna
happen before you know I'm excited to
see ya oh yeah oh mama oh you talkin
hurt people either hello
ah hello dead death why is your hand on
my shirt
what you lookin for me
gimme she's me there's nothing in there
wow you suck hey Jackson good there you
go kids
camera competir explain I go sink so I
get to eat there you know only ever gets
like five because they I get motor stir
to count start counting
like dude will run like they'll run away
from him they'll start counting while
he's searching for that one two three
he doesn't just stay what was your like
Rudd if you don't want to know where you
are
alright what I'm sorry
its own story its own story about
cholera and how he's really mean and if
I wondered why Tommy
Chloe who he came up with was a storm
chipper and told him Cal oh it's never
too late to be a good good boy huh and
start being next to people and then cows
nice people and they went and got ice
cream and they're all happy
Wow did you really come up with that
okay together yeah could be a good night
auntie - our stuff - oh no - our story
once it's a shower story about people
okay who's the main character look
spinning a dumb one danger okay funny
story
Sam oh well his real name was Samuel
away they called me you have to pull it
out it's two kids one was a boy named
yeah and ones are the group
what
Sam was successful and got the wok wasp
nest out the white things whoever yeah
it doesn't look that big but really it's
like it's pretty big it's like the size
of my hand almost it's crazy how I make
these it's so crazy and how fast little
buggers make them so far eight I
appreciate their work I know I just
don't want any of the kids make their
work out a tree or something
sorry good and they were black jacket
lost things they weren't these my
grandma would come visit me he was about
zombies we're not killing someone who's
hunting with you the beekeeper and I use
baby right here cause it's all connected
versus bees but versus flies so what's
the news what's update on the housing
situation update a rental number one I
already mention that karamaneh yeah no
yeah rental number one is gone
um update is is that Sam is going to go
back to Arizona this week without us and
find a place to live yeah whether that's
house they were buying or renting I'm
gonna go for a while because we are just
not doing well being here and trying to
figure it out we have to be out there we
definitely want to check out any place
we go to especially obviously provided
yes and it's just easier the kids are
still we're all just still sick and I
don't want to travel again with them
super expensive right before CVX live in
two weeks so we're going to stay here
and hang out and then hopefully helps it
works out with us like please timing in
one of the houses that it's at the top
of our list that we looked at is going
from available to not avail available
not available and it's like since I'm
out here I can communicate through email
and I'm like okay let me know if it's
available and then it was available but
then a day later today they're like well
someone else is here now and we're just
here so we can't do anything about it
but kind of frustrating so it's it's
hard and we have yeah it's just it's
just easier for him to go so we're in
the process now of getting pre-approved
if we are to buy a house
is very new to us obviously we haven't
bought a house first and we're in cattle
field I'd say like what 75 25 percent 75
percent we want to buy 25 round yeah I
guess the perfect rental pops right the
perfect rental program money's out there
we'll do that but we felt really
comfortable on that some of the places
that we went and visited yeah they're
reminded us of neighborhoods kind of
like here in Utah that we enjoyed and
have looked at in the past as a
destination to live yeah so so it'll
it'll just be good once he's out there
he'll be able to get a feel for things
to you so so before i we hopefully we'll
have all the numbers and financial
information ready and available as an
object
I mean anything I'd be ready I think it
takes sometimes it can take a while but
Ivy and it could be pretty I was talking
to our friend who's been helping us a
lot and she said it'd be a like two days
maybe yeah we get that a little more
difficult we're right employed and just
proving like income and various things
like that and we're also trying to see
if we've qualify for any first-time
homebuyer like perks you know because if
you're first-time homebuyer sometimes
you get extra help that also depends on
how much money you're making so right
we'll see what happens we'll keep you
guys updated be I'm hoping to blog a lot
more on the house hunting this time we
really like overwhelmed and stressed out
I was trying to figure out what is the
mass like it's hard house shopping with
your kids with you it's just harder it's
not fear when there's lot going on a
trip tale ends a trip but we had a since
we've been home and being on the trip
we've had a lot of like clarity and I
should say we've thought about things a
lot and we're excited we just have to
yeah we're so excited we just need to
get that point I think if CVX live
wasn't happening
I don't know Soviet be pretty expensive
slides records are pretty wrong we yeah
we're scanning you know and if we get
better I bet we've all frosting so our
goal is to be there by September for
sure for sure so I mean no it's really
time for preschool soccer yeah I got the
email it's preschool teacher and be like
oh so things are going up there should
be flexible the Ã©litaire is actually
super flexible but yeah
we're going to figure it out this week
Ilkley in case it's crazy it's craziness
so if you have any questions percent
writing yeah I uh it's been more
exciting than stressful so far you know
tomorrow's Pioneer Day which is a
holiday here in Utah we'll be
celebrating parade last year is really
fun because my family was here but
tomorrow I'll be meeting up a tail I'll
havin a good time we'll see you guys
then bye
oh you can YouTube kids
yeah we're doing YouTube kid ain't going
there Church on YouTube
