I just do it I just go for it I've seen
people react to this it's like really
bad
whoo I'm feeling a little tingly good
morning sweet yeah yeah okay here we go
how's your toe these are your toes
butter your bread in your mouth I mean
let me see your toes let me see your
toes didn't give everyone an update I
mean I hurt toes you're always better so
I guess women mostly on
ya know got a little alley there too the
big alley
yeah she's doing fine though she's
running around she just keeps Ries
tubbing it for things and there we have
it it's done the Batmobile black panther
ship I guess this is what he drives in
the movie that's cool very complex you
ready to play yeah what do you say buddy
love you buy some people places
everybody get in your places so you see
this what do you think that's spicy or
not spicy not spicy do you think your
dad can eat it I think I'm gonna be able
to conquer the spicy one chip challenge
do you think I'm gonna cry any
predictions though about the one chip
challenge so miss PJ I have some
questions for you what do you think do
you think this is hot can you get 'spicy
gonna hold it you didn't get spicy
should I eat it
Oh Jonah seen Oh
she's puking a little burp puke hello
well too much juice a little too fast
hopefully that is not a preview of
what's to happen to me did you just burp
good stuff come out oh my goodness what
do you want talk about your throwing up
here we go
you guys already know how gentle he
feels about spaces that follow I'm gonna
give you the box okay okay like that you
open it I tried to open it yeah take
that up yeah so spicy here's the box
Pocky the one chip challenge Carolina
Reaper madness do not eat it for your
sensitive the spicy foods allergic to
peppers nightshades or capsaicin or are
pregnant or have any medical condition
keep out of reach of children after
touching the chip wash your hands with
soap and you nuts what your eyes were
sensitive areas when she sound like Sean
Stevens Sean what's the thing Sean Evans
this is one point nine million Scoville
units which I don't want you to get sick
go people get sick after eating this you
can get can handle the heat yes but I
don't I'm nervous the box yeah you're
gonna give me anxiety a little broken
power could be yeah it's just one on red
thread on red you're here
yeah I'm opening the chip Oh God
oh maybe I see open it over something
stinky oh gosh can you smell it
all right here no okay so my chips a
little broken that's okay no no back up
babe that's so spicy oh wow that is
covered I've never seen a chip that
covered
Oh Thank You min let sue me
maybe that's the newer ones where the
newer ones are good coated I've never
seen it this coated usually this looks
like oh that's the brown yeah it just
looks like a corn chip smell a it's not
oh you know no I smell the ghost peppers
in there Sam are you gonna take any of
the spicy stuff off what you're making
me nervous
yeah so I'm gonna try and do this
without milk and we don't have any
really have chocolate well yeah I guess
have almond milk cause I just did it so
just go for it I've seen people react to
this looks like really bad kinetic
lingers yeah reactions I know that's why
I'm terrified look how much spice is on
there huh just get the really chew it up
so doesn't hurt your your tummy you feel
it already
how much oak there because the like so
much stuff is so layer like my first
bike
bouncing in your mouth
the vichy will wash your hand wash your
hands mix the spices really
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba dirty feel it oh yeah is
that really spicy mmm-hmm is it worse
than ever there it goes worse than the
bomb to be determined if the bomb is
spicier at the back let me wash
you make me nervous
oh you're already sweating your
foreheads already sweating is it painful
you should have timed you your eyes
watering your eyes are watering okay Sam
because it's painful every breath its
fire is it worse than to bomb worse than
to bum no way really
that chip was covered you shoot can't
get you some almond milk maybe yeah
please I don't want you to die I don't
want you today I don't want you to die
oh yeah I'm feeling a little tingly like
a midget little mocha daddy daddy daddy
I feel better now oh holy cow I still
have something season I know guys I'll
be honest the hope is intense I have
never seen a chip that coated now I
usually just look like corn chips I
swear they changed it right did they
change no yeah this year I swear they're
not that coated usually no they've
probably changed it I mean extra coated
I think
bunch of the spices like got washed in
my mouth you know new eating chips
things like in your teeth I think I
conquered it but it kind of conquered me
because I'll be honest I don't think I
ever want to do that again I've had the
other hot sauces from the hot ones
challenger we did and I think that last
ave is like 2 or 3 million but that was
spicy that was hot it was hot what do
you got there what it's called what's
that called
popsicle ah
is it popsicle what do you think man
you're worried about me you were like
and kept saying I'm scared dad I'm
scared I'm sorry for scaring you yeah
you got red we got pink
so anyways I'm interested to know if any
I'm interested in know if any of you
guys have tried that one chip challenge
it is no longer like you can't buy it
anymore they'll release it again next is
it fall or spring spring that's coming
up
I think it's next fall I'm not sure it
was hotter this year than last one point
nine million scaliness
I say the last times like 2 or 3 million
but that just felt way spicier I think
was the crumbs yeah it was almost like
when you get that crazy chip in a Dorito
bag that has extra seasoning mine seemed
to have so much more seasoning people
that have seen those videos did mine
have more seasoning that's what I want
to know now I might have to go watch
some others because that was insane my
chest was like burning a couple minutes
ago and I was actually thinking like I
could see how someone could puke after
this I think I felt heartburn acid
reflux whatever for the first time ever
but not feeling better and this popsicle
is actually helping so I think I'll tone
it down for a bit however the Olympics
are back Winter Olympics so you know
what that means sambuca Olympics I got
to think of some things that the kids
can do together too
all right guys that's it for today we'll
see you guys tomorrow hope some of you
enjoyed that oh man let's take a break
with that we'll see you guys tomorrow
with a congratulations there were a ton
of comments left on the vlog you guys
were sharing your favorite superheros a
lot of great great comments
the winner though of the gift cart is
Adam Cass M you guys got this $25
Fandango gift card I'm going to contact
you guys just let us know an address to
send it to and someone also commented on
the vlog they work at a movie theater
and said a lot of times people come in
and try and use their Fandango card at
the movie theater you're supposed to use
it on the website before so so there you
go Adam and Cassim congratulations hope
you guys enjoy whatever movie they
decide to go to
