because at or - whoa I just might of
slide - David until mowing my brother's
I really caught my daddy's daughter yeah
like what what is to do with that glass
ah jog I missed you yeah cause come on
give your friend a hug you missed him so
much Noah okay
yeah we used to have 2x and that's one
and Arizona give him a hug no I like
your friend oh did you miss each other
yeah ye I've been with you guys there's
a really cute oh thanks I decided to
like rock my mom bod and fudge and
everything so ah Kim Katya hug Oh
where's Patricia
Hot Fuzz there anyway
okay I cannot believe you're doing
karate do you love it so with the move
whoa yeah you know you're a new grid
type onion whoa yeah I heard that
hi hi they make very loud noises hi pond
oh hi oh you wanted answer all right
yes Wow good to learn these things today
wow that's is that's a lot to know you
have to know them too
Wow no no I don't I speeches like oh
what's going on yeah we have a huge wasp
nest in our backyard and it's like made
its home in the lightness offset in like
the recessed lighting or can lighting
what everyone to call out oh no outdoor
lighting anyway I thought a month ago
for four or five weeks ago it was like
tiny you know I was like oh I gotta
clear that out there was like one larvae
in it one larva or whatever it's called
and we got home yesterday and I looked
out there no one out there like no it
was huge the entire light is a wasp nest
and Sam I'd like spraying them we're
just flying everywhere out there who
smokes family the mods they made them
mad
they're still not mean so now she's
gotten the hold you got no other time I
thought I was just capture this moment
oh gosh she's gonna get stung he's gonna
look at they're trying to get him to
they're trying to sting him it's gonna
fly at him oh this is not going to work
I take your point I got all the
groceries out of the car
and it helped me we've had a fun day at
the pool and kind of relaxing know was
so good at taking naps when we were on
vacation if we would lay with him and he
took naps we get home and I was like
hoping that it would stay the same we
get home refused to take a nap you had
quiet time for an hour in his bed next
to me - clothes cars and I go to slurred
do you want to beat it we got over the
later nap - because we wanted to see
friends and we're going I was Taylor and
backside what high-speed not this you
don't want to get stung you're not gonna
go back here though because I don't want
you to get stung I don't want you guys
to be out here right now cause it gets
done you know the only thing harder to
photograph than kids is ice cream I'm
trying to get these awesome high quality
shots for Jenn and this campaign she's
doing with Dairy Queen so hopefully we
got the shot oh my gosh oh so funny
Jenn actually recorded a lot for like an
Instagram story she's gonna pose I'm
just like ready just go hey you still
remember how to ride your bike yeah show
me
you still got it if I need to seat a
little bit higher that I think next
morning how are we going to see a but we
are all under the weather
except for Sam he's the lucky one this
time usually he's a Mexican I'm not sick
so this time with me we were sick before
we went on vacation into mystic out for
vacation what's new I haven't my little
brother and forever so we're going to go
get his I see what so shave ice I was
like okay well come over and hang out
and I was like oh we're all sick because
I don't want to to see it's like working
stuff now I'm glowing I am white I'm
going in the dock my gosh is camera
she's been through the wringer
yo yo yo yo yo yo what's up what's up
get your hair cut I know I gotta trim
them it's still very parted in the
middle don't worry
oh you're so weird let's say I'm um so
are you know actively checking in for
hours before we have it for weeks about
us it's good for week uh-huh
oh yeah you guys were gone for week
three and a half even longer actually
seeing yes true how was it when you
motor launch it was it the first lawn in
remote no I used to know long stood out
all the time and I would coerce him into
giving me $20 instead of the seven that
he wanted to offer well I was like this
young hustler like no pop this is $20
long right here like give me 25 well we
gave you more than two he never would
give me any money he would always just
take you to this place called the
Japanese cafe and I did the same
teriyaki chicken rice bowl every single
time and right after we'd go to a movie
and I didn't realize back then that was
like way more than 20 bucks for long but
like oh well we gave him more than 20
bucks yeah you guys give me a line and
you pay me broker sprinklers but all
those are just so freakin graphic you're
running over sticking curves and
truthfully it's what you can't walk and
by wall so so freaking um well okay so
the grass was like no joke knee-high
very good it was your joke like
knee-high and in what wall the case I'd
know what was really ironic was that
like I got halfway through the lawn and
then all of a sudden like the neighbor
across the street started mowing there
long - and a neighbor up the street
started mowing their lawn so I like I
set a trend in lawn mowing
it was crazy but yeah and so I'm like
wrapping around this corner to like get
the edges close to those windows right
there next to front window and I'm like
going and all of a sudden I just hear oh
okay and it and it uh it like freaks me
out I thought I ran over a freaking
animal or something that it wasn't an
animal no your foot yeah I like moved I
moved to be a lawnmower I was like oh
crap I broke their sprinkler and I was
like hey Sam don't
don't lend only me and you any money
because I broke hers burglar he was like
aw did it I already did it by omega 6 5
and of course my god it's fine no more
you can't break any branches across eggs
wrinkly none of that is that and in the
neighbor across the street
turning fun of me and she was like they
got you working I was like at when
they're away on the chore guy because of
tour to walk to they've got a bad day
though here in a palm tree but he also
stuck himself with we told her it's a
stick and poke super-pumped razo I just
might have applied to David until
mulling my brother cleverly called my
daddy's daughter yeah like what Oh what
is it Mitch
so Michigan stitches somebody so funny
hey I think I'm still kind of cook I
like to call my dad she's a good no
we're just called we're just pretty
something Andrew it's gonna be fun I was
like dude even he was like it pissed
when Matt got a tattoo Rachel cried all
of a sudden dad's on the freakin screen
whatever I'm gonna do what I want I know
I just not resist it was just so funny
okay who's this cool kid just having a
Slurpee wallah
whereas in shades correction I mean you
want to know why that's a never knew one
of the only reason he brought these
sunglasses he knew I was gonna wear
cause he knew David was gonna wear his
see grabbed it was like mom Dave David
where his son Rossum like I know he Bob
just in case nice
give me some ducks present yeah zoom
with that glimpse hold on exactly yeah
you suck you why our babies in helmets
so cute
why are you so cute DJ oh my goodness
we're teaching it Magic Mike mousse know
is always saying hey mom mom look watch
and just standing and then he'll go
daddy's daddy watch more dances when
when we come for a fan and we leave with
the displacement yeah I know my office
gets so hot its hottest room in the
whole house it has no air present event
so Ben I don't even oh it's alright but
this Pam tonight has all these different
options last one the extra picture sent
oh thank you no box just yeah I just
pick this up a little bit swipe it down
kind of ugly it further
yeah does our kid little girl that
helicopter watch airplane do this a shot
Oh cutting onions is rough I caught it
in through their net at Monica's house
and my eyes didn't even like bug out or
anything I just cut them at home and it
was like so and I could not my eyes are
hurting so bad I cannot stop tearing up
anyway tonight I am kooky I'm trying to
copy a recipe that Monica did the other
night like this pasta it was real good
kind of like made her own sauce for then
added sauce I don't even know what I'm
doing I'm kind of just like making it up
as I go but I am currently cooking up
some onion and garlic and if you know me
you know I hate onions but I am learning
to appreciate onion in order to
appreciate onion in my meals like when
it's like this like when you're making a
sauce or something we're just going with
the flow what's your house to go good
night
ladies and gentlemen I would like to
introduce you to not Nova but Wow that'd
be James the cutest girl in the world
after him um well the types
