PJ what do you think do you like it do
you know you don't like it yeah honey
I'm home you thought with the bathroom
good morning sweet world
we just left Church on our way home we
decided to go check out a house let me
go in there with the men what this is
the master bedroom right here okay okay
lots of course it really smells funny in
here yeah they're starting to being
behind yeah oh really fun man really
smells in here
oh it's really dirty soon I feel like we
should clean it before they have it
available for people to look at so they
kind of smell no and there's a beer in
there
this is one of the houses that we were
going to look at I can already see that
we're probably not going to get it
because we're kind of turned off by how
dirty it is it's like really dirty I
feel like we'd find dirt everywhere and
I know they can clean it but it's in all
the place into the kids after all and
touch this is kind of like a typical I'd
say rental that we've seen here in
Arizona this is actually kind of nice
with the hard floor it's really like
cheap floor which I really don't mind
but this is a pretty nice big room
better than carpet in our opinion just
for the kids single story whoa pantry
here's a bedroom a bathroom another
bedroom that's actually pretty nice if
it was clean I think we would really
like it that's extra dirty it doesn't
really come across on video but all the
walls all over
our scuff and everything is just like
super super super dirty which compared
to the other engines we've looked at
have not been like that haven't cleaned
it yet this is like I think it's like
grieving like the whole episode I mean
we have kids so they kind of mess it up
dude but it's not good do a nose ring
make sure you come back next week I do
like it
well I mean that's bad but that's like
all over like the trims and sides and
stuff so anyways a place like this is
like 1,200 a month or in Airlines it's
14 and it's less than 2,000 square feet
it's like 1,700 something around that
that's what it does so be doing that I
like the single-story vibe but uh those
be they're kind of good in that kind of
stuff to put it in our house right now
is cheaper than that but it feels
smaller the same size so right happy
yeah let's go take naps all right no
what do you think of this house good you
don't like it what do you not like about
it I like this bridge is like the fridge
good morning everyone it's our last full
day in Arizona before we head home and
pack up our lives or something like that
Wow we hear the cicadas it's like crazy
they're so loud house hunting proven to
be a lot harder than we thought it would
be looking into all our options but
currently we are getting ready to go
meet up for lunch with Si and Jerry and
the kids this was really fun they live
really close to where we're at right now
we're just gonna go catch up for a
little bit before they could open up so
they're good to see them we haven't seen
them since their wedding so last summer
out here so I just wasted
but we are we are here at the Chop Shop
we just had lunch with Dee and Jerry
okay I want to ask you something what is
one reason why Arizona is a great place
to live I neither one reason well your
favorite reason one more even low key no
traffic different right baby
we've been because we you know we've
been talking a lot about just like
living here and stuff and we're pretty
much as you guys know super sold on it
the hunt continue the hunt continues
they've been really helpful though doing
acid vice-versa no one has been all
about matching daddy everything and at
the match and so Sam has black shorts
that he wears
so let's on t-shirts right now and Noah
I just had to have black shoes
I'm glad we didn't get a bigger size
yeah that must be big-oh over endergirl
match and daddy is not you sure make you
so happy with a twin with you for
everything
we are currently driving around some
neighborhoods just to get a feel of what
they are like what they look like and
just partly get a listing online before
you in person
and I do you have an initial like what
I'd like that
and then when you actually go drive by
and you see the neighborhood and stuff
like oh so the cigarettes this is
hilarious we'll talk yes babe
very nice out being planful okay yeah we
did see a creeper from there so that's
what we're doing this evening just just
like I'm talking about things we are
going to see Tahoe
ready to be back clear our heads and
decide what we do just going to run
around he's coming back right now oh
gosh was he too late - getting some
steps in he's a rocking music got
eautiful skies night we're driving
through a neighborhood right now that we
actually really really like I don't
understand for sale in it but we don't
have time to go through them
oh my gosh video
can you run on the dirt oh okay are you
I do that's a big boy I know around we
probably perseverance thank you finally
pain is again three tries to give me a
blue one you went out there has a house
brandy let me know hey are you going to
put a black bar across nice eyes
no we're gonna bleep everything you say
please baby really believe in Holly it
please but guys I don't feel good my
cake you're on her I am on making it
pretty to the almond coming yeah we're
trying to come you need 20 pounds lose
30 forever oh you know don't see the
first known as I lose 50 pounds never
found it I wish we look like we're
sisters when was just our I so I've
found in we could be sisters
oh we could sister most it was like now
Naches wasn't known as Jesus of ever you
want go fan shop you want to taste
American cheese in a ball that's what
it's there gross anyway we're currently
looking at its call me for me and gentle
of into and own voice behind oh let's
see Oh
so it didn't even look good I get ready
until I get it yes I missed it I heard
that I heard look okay to bring the
amount of power yes hahahahaha orange or
green using a brain orange and green
orange and green we don't like orange
and green oh so small they are mini
miniature otter pops as I said I think
Jen can you take the palm of my face
anywhere I'm here for making progress on
neighborhoods we would like to live in
Oh al with a good until October it's a
lot of pressure you know
yeah no you have cheese balls here
forever just past Mountain bagging for
Chloe
I don't know if you can see me I'm
experiencing my first mini monsoon I
actually don't know why I'm whispering
but as you can tell
Sakina slow down there's a lot of ining
the wind is picking up
it's raining there's lots of lightning
that I already was in it so much dust
along of that last nice and shiny
devine a much back wall it was very blue
oh my goodness what is going on time to
be outside oh well whoa this is a
Madison with the Weather Channel signing
out oh gosh oh come back tonight
whoo got the car packed and now it's
time to go home without a place not what
we wanted to do now we're playing but
still feeling pretty positive and good
about things
Oh fine let's go checking out a couple
more places before we take off oh my
goodness this slide is insane no yes
don't see how like actually fast and
steep this looks whoa
let's playground soon same a lot of the
playgrounds I've been to have this cushy
like squishy ground and I just love it
hold it here okay like my legs gonna get
caught go go go go go go go oh yes I go
down go down good at it side
nice mark is sweet out
does it get cold enough to use that was
up BJ hey this could be the family
remember this could be the kitchen this
could be another frigid that this could
be where the flamin not cheated I really
do like how big the the door is I wonder
if that opens up all the way but it does
so we've started to look at houses to
buy some that are recently built John
says this isn't exactly the one that she
really likes but it's similar I think
it's like a bedroom short it's so pretty
nice Vijay what do you think do you like
it do you know you don't like it do you
prove up the stairs peih-gee do you like
this house the other one was the same up
there there's a lot I like I like this
that's all I want I like that I like
that I like that I like I like this this
is nice it's a nice little smaller than
we want it's still really nice really
really nice okay
I'm currently in another what no-salt
I'd fish for the Barbie doll this was
nice this looks similar to the other one
I would love this place if it had legs
one extra like room or like little yeah
but that's the exact when they're making
currently their fall but there's me
another room downstairs with this seems
pretty pretty carpet again but I think I
like the carpet better they might hire a
professional to decorate it clear enough
oh god that's the that's the hard part
about model homes agree like this is
what I want but you don't get everything
the same you don't say okay
oh wow look at these floors
Sam look at these floors except for the
need to make me tub bigger I don't fit
in those it's exactly how Scott tell us
the camera in the car but we're looking
at another house right now my favorite
part is that that oh that's nice
wait wait that's actually a my favorite
Bart Allen either Sarah mis medi what
the free Dan the place is fitted is read
a book we have two places to read thick
enough yeah section is using the
front-facing camera that's become Susan
and they make them so nice like the
model home to go on the furniture is
just beautiful
that's gonna stuff look at this oh yeah
I really really really really like this
one if it has well that's amazing like
the built-in like where these are
located the prices are like amazing you
can even house for such a good price is
pretty upgraded yeah oh yeah but it has
I mean it's like built-in stuff like
this we sold I love that
until we meet again friends correctly I
love you thanks for having us for a long
time children you need to go home yeah
we're almost there where I was done with
like the five days right a bad feeling
and they lost one of our car seats which
was with four other items OE checked
yeah how they it's one guy I just had a
bad feeling happen so we got a loader
right now and they said it was probably
on the next plane that they would send
it out though to our house playing
tonight it was yeah which would mean
that's great because they leave like an
hour and a half away from there for ya
so no isn't a right little loner luckily
they have but in blues PJs - that's
newer that's newer this is always a good
if I had like all the rear-facing stuff
attachments were in there anyway so
luckily we got a little replacement for
Noah stuff wasn't super nice about
everything you got us alone or so like
how we be at home with a drive an hour
and a half really good to be in our
yep kids their own nice relaxed I
stretch out yeah and remember we've been
with people like other people for almost
a month
yeah the kids done great it is a great
ain't it really good
so I mean figure out where the
circumstances are just bouncing around a
different one but it's tiring I'm
exhausted
oh hi she's just been sitting in her
little chair reading their books are you
happy to have your books against it all
your books again the air is set to 69 oh
gosh our bill I wouldn't assume an
entire time
I know perfect if it's up to like size
of things every time we run a sound we
always come back to something fun this
is from me yet they asked for my address
whoa oh yeah see what the heck top pop a
little zeroes spider-man Wow watch out
baby look at this that box is amazing no
what is this anybody watch my girl okay
from like oh I was your dirty wait am I
in the Lego mailing list now that's cool
that is so good oh cool on a keychain I
had a Lego keychain on my milky yeah I
give you merrily and so does Molly we
got it did me oh my that box right a man
hoping some was released last week and
Lego and Marvel have teamed up to create
sets featuring the web lining starter
and today's action vaccine to mess
around
I'm a fan of Marvel superheroes and Lego
we for that provided you with the new
Lego spider-man set from Lego from the
internship starter pack yeah so put
extras of each set so that you can do a
special giveaway for your fans
okay you don't think so you say this
you're spending this adventure with you
that's so cool thanks Lego every time we
go out of town we come back to a box
from Lego love it yeah that's a cool box
that's a really cool bottle character
that's really cool I like it
cool let me do it like goes we got Noah
there for big kids I think
look I said 7 to 14 that's a 6 to 12
Maci there's lots of little pieces this
is for something so that we can do when
sis nab after your nappy huh cool
there's even little Lego money
thanks Lego I think we have something I
regard the core she'd yes it made it not
once forever sorry
cursey man look I pull up car girl they
came they were dedicated Southwest 1
a.m. we don't have 1 a.m. they delivered
I we were store with can you believe
that how they were just going to deliver
tomorrow or something
and we back to me back and read back
agree my haircut got a lot of decisions
to make yeah we'll talk about them all
see us tomorrow bye good night ever
you can watch it open
