that's going live but I already see
people here this thing on let me know
when you guys can see me hello hello
hello
that's working I'm gonna share on
Twitter a real quick just working
hopefully can you see this let me know
when you can see this hopefully the
Internet is strong enough I know that
upload here is a little rough or like
the wireless connection let me know when
so you can see us just say if you can
see me type cactus cactus I apologize if
the connections a little poor we're
gonna be live for the next 10 minutes
cactus I'm seeing some cactus
cactus cactus a cactus do you know what
a cactus is I have to show you one okay
this is PJ
so we're sitting on the porch right now
it is 99 degrees outside right now which
actually is pretty good galux woody I'm
always sweating I'm sweating in the
winter I'm sweating when it's snowy
outside I sweat
hopefully you guys can hear us we're
gonna be live for the next ten minutes
we're just gonna give you guys like a
little update on things it's 98 99
degrees right now
actually dipped okay so first of all the
weirdest thing about living out here or
we don't live here yet is that the
temperature doesn't drop really at night
it does but not a lot not like everyone
else we've lived you know did dip down
to 75 last night though it was really
nice but it come winter so it has been
pretty hot a lot of people that we know
and people we've talked to have said
this isn't as bad as it gets
I can definitely see how a lot of summer
could be spent inside but I do like it
like even just like this we're on the
patio it's shaded and we're chilling and
it feels good Shane is great if you're
not in the direct sunlight you're fine
but still it gets pretty hot I guess
it's pretty hot in here for a week
really are you falling anything you want
to say to the people each other
are you chilling um the kids let's see
that patty who seems pretty shady yeah I
think we're all ready to get back home
and regroup and relax we have been out
of town for almost a month it's been
three weeks right like I need a haircut
I need a shower I'm gonna go shave right
now I need to work out more we need to
get back home we had to find a place to
live
as you guys know we hadn't planned on
coming straight to Arizona and we did
and it was a good decision here's the
update so far we found a place that we
really like and we told you guys about
it yeah and then two applications
apparently we're ahead of us well we're
still waiting to find and it's a PJ
psych help me I'll be get it up
she needs help to get better the fries
sir that whatever it's called out yeah
so so we're still waiting and we're like
well this kind of stinks but it could be
a good sign that we still are waiting
because maybe I mean obviously means
it's still available if it does pop up
then we would like jump right on it
right I think that's kind of like what
we've been saying yeah and it's just a
rental like we've never had to rate wait
for that hi mom what up a rentals here
goes super fast especially the ones that
are nice or good
so that's kind of frustrating yeah we
went to another one that just went up
yesterday and we filmed it all feel so
weird this is live Katie what's up and
we didn't feel we just haven't felt good
about like too many of them one of them
we felt pretty good about and then I
went back and noticed there was no parks
or anything within walking distance yeah
and like that's one of the things we
love to do yeah and that's one of the
reasons why we want to live here is
because we could like walk and enjoy
things without always having up in the
car
so that's update on the rental but as
we've been hearing and exploring we
found in another part of town that's
pretty close to where we are right now
but if you were looking to buy a house
it is significantly cheaper and the
houses are new as well
newer I should say some of them are
brand new others are just within the
past couple like 10 years so they're
actually like like seventy five to a
hundred thousand dollars cheaper when
you take into account
oh very bad connection it says can you
guys still see us I know that uploads
bad I'm sorry is that crickets it's
cicada oh it's really loud should I go
inside sorry
can you guys still see us it says very
bad connection buffering you can still
see us okay we're all named Eli for five
minutes
oh yeah it looks fine so yeah anyways we
found a place that has houses that are
like 75 to 100 thousand dollars cheaper
and that makes it so that we can move
into a house that would be a great place
for us to live and fit a lot of the
things that we want in like future plans
and we can do it like now you know opz
needs help with their otter pup again so
anyways that's kind of where we're at
right now sorry guys if the connections
all over the place yeah so anyways we're
oh I didn't really finish my sentence so
now we're like well maybe we should buy
a house because we've always wanted to
own something we feel really really
really really good about things and it
seems like a good time in like a good
place like if we wait longer as in like
a year or two prices could be a lot
higher so we did find I'd say about five
that we really like yeah and we need to
go look at the problem is is we're
leaving tomorrow
yep we're leaving tomorrow so we gotta
figure out what we're gonna do and we
don't want to rush anything
so dude be careful signing a mortgage
absolutely but I pay more like when we
break down what we're looking for in the
house and things we pay more right now
to rent and do other things and like we
don't feel tied down by that
a lot of incentives for first-time
homebuyers and I think there's like one
that we could qualify for so that's
where we're at right now we don't want
to rush we don't have pressure ourselves
into making the like you know housing is
going to go up I just could I just get a
mortgage so you can always sell yeah
I want to like invest into something too
I'm like sick of just throwing money at
rent so that's where we are and figure
out first yeah you can own a house for
far less monthly payment seventy and
there's also always all the other costs
that go into buying a house own owning a
house the maintenance just all that kind
of stuff you know but we feel like maybe
it's the right time and we feel like
we've found stuff that fit our budget
you know maybe we'll talk about that in
the next vlog like what our budget and
stuff would be it's definitely not as
high as like other houses you may see
like I need to with things you know just
trying to take it easy I think even if
we add it's on my money would you know
we're like a family of four property
taxes homeowners and strange and repairs
trying to read comments right now but we
are definitely in a position right now
where we could do it the I think the
pressure that we have right now is like
we signed up for soccer and we have him
sign up for a preschool I have like a
flight booked here that I can cancel at
the end of August like I still want to
be out here right like we might move
fast but we're deciding
yeah yeah talk about everything alright
and we're just trying to see what like
makes the most sense because sometimes
when you buy a house for the first time
you don't always have to you don't have
to do as big of a down payment there's
like a lot of incentives and things as
Dee injury to help us we actually went
out to lunch with them today it's good
to talk about yeah how do we move all
our stuff but that sound is awful should
we go inside let's go inside it's
already been almost 10 minutes
well the cicadas be a new clock sound
effect I think that's just like a thing
right now it's at IKEA around it's shaky
we would use like a u-haul or like some
service I've been trying to see if
there's any services that we could use
that would want to work with us too it's
only in this summer yeah sorry I know
how a super Lloyd Peters felt some
mother
well guys that might be my cue to end
the video on the live stream that's kind
of our update now this has FX of a
crying baby
it's hard to uh that's real life guys
it's hard to do a live stream vlog and
parent in a great way yeah PJ was like
remember how we always say for the first
a game on she was just like so good
then she that she got a little dramatic
and she's still amazing but uh you know
don't cry over spilled water yeah she's
only one guy's she's only fifteen months
John McWade she's a drama queen though
alright guys that's it just funny videos
like an a little update teething is no
fun yeah it's about to pop
today she told me no I know she did me
to say oh no don't spill again she's
very smart she understands a lot for her
age
she'll answer yes or no questions or
just really funny what's up buddy you
say by zooming in on your face is he
starting preschool he's supposed to like
we haven't signed up I mean worst case
scenario you know he shows he starts
late but we're so we're like we don't
want those things to pressure us too
much um if you have any more questions
feel free to tweet me or yeah tweeting
probably the best and we'll address them
today and then put them in the blog
tomorrow is Peter
