you live in this house yeah it's just
the one you want to move into
thanks for everything
good evening healthy I thought maybe now
we're leaving all three of you for
closer I trip went by super fast we're
here a long time
by heaven or industry so on today's vlog
I feel like we need a couple fillers in
between some of the clips ending
yesterday's vlog you guys thought a clip
yeah
yes it is true we are not pregnant
enough but my sister is she's having
another baby and the spacing in the age
is gonna be just like no one tell ya
even sorta just crazy so we gotta spend
some time with Riley and Courtney and
Eleanor and she told us right away oh
yeah well this is really funny because
before we went on our trip Baltics am in
court to my child she's pregnant I think
we're gonna tell us tell us she's
pregnant when we get there like I was
like she's gonna come out just like
surprised and have a baby bump or
something I just knew it I knew she was
pregnant anyway we get there and she's
like oh let's take a group picture and
then she pulls out of labor and I just
like already knew it's a baby on it
I didn't know there was a paper I leaned
over she didn't want to stand next to
her I was like light so then I went to
say Sam and she would this paper I was
like I didn't have to see the picture to
know that said baby on it I need
something I love cuz like this soon as
you're out there shaking we should take
a picture together and I never feel
acordes well with anyone like hey we
should take a picture Victor lately I
was like I literally just pluck in the
door so it's a baby in tones like you
know a classic gen reaction don't have
footage of it cuz we were we they make
yes I have arisen yeah but we're really
excited and uh it was crazy and fun they
were super excited too because for a
long time she was having a hard time
conceiving and then she eventually found
out that she had a gluten intolerance
celiac disease today as soon as she
cleaned up pretty like diet and that way
any bad thing your bodies have a heal
from the inside out in a way because you
didn't know chef celiac or whole life
basically so so since then now second
baby second baby
we're also super excited because if
we're moving out here we'll live about
four or five hours or five five hours
from her a New Mexico so we'll actually
be able to see each other a lot
yeah that's a lot more manageable than
twelve which is really exciting so I
told Corey I was like okay we'll just
have our thirds at the same time again
so you have your second I get you WH I
could do that actually
yeah totally perhaps I am having a third
two crates a second yeah I love you oh
yeah you can kiss the fight a violin or
violin or
like that we are in very well selling
welcome to our pad we already bought a
house and furnished it we read it we are
going to move in with our friends yeah
it's me the kids okay we already Pat we
brought our toys from Utah now Brad the
sweet sweet
holla question is are we doing any
challenges like hot john's over here
you didn't bring any fight the Romans
did you yeah drinks iced tea ramen no
but I can amazon same day delivery baby
though and that's the only thing she's
having a line right and literally we
just got here and we're about to leave
and go look at places because about
cloud nation stuff is going like
hotcakes on my list of top doesn't want
to look at so that's what we're gonna go
do find a place to live
come on do it
alright we just saw the first house I
liked it there's no refrigerator so that
might be a breaker or grass or grass but
I like I like the single up what's being
leveled is really cool
hey I'm Mike atados probably his
favorite but it's also my lipstick which
is really nice oh he is live oh wait I
know the basic holds that blow away oh
yeah music I dove it pulls back okay I
like that now wants a house in the group
numero dos no house number two the dead
bird comes with it remember this is not
all the dead bird house and we're having
backyard really nice that's my sucker
and some nice chicken it's a great size
kitchen Wow this one's really nice what
do you think I was ten I would say
what was the first one there's only
point I better the first one okay thanks
house number three have really nice
floors
we floors new paint is an uncertainty
from the most immediate right here it's
a really nice two living spaces like
huge living spaces like this one is
having on the sunset with what Coon yeah
now this is nice and huge laughter three
living spaces Wow given you all I don't
know if you could beat that help blue
bathroom nice bedroom
tiny this is teeny teeny tiny bedroom oh
yeah another bedroom is what you're
gonna like the closet okay
wow it's not bad this is bigger than
that the kids bedrooms wow this is huge
huge especially ours much nicer than the
last place
what you get the number one sub party
that's why we shout like a crazy review
okay gonna call too much out of 10
what's the point uh Noah Fixodent 7 7 &
8 because we allocate in ASCII the only
downfall the there's like so much living
things that like the kids bedrooms are
teeny tiny but you don't that is one
thing we so things we're looking for
number one maybe is living sleep right
so that's not really feel like we have
the least amount of down there right
believer in the rooms excessive sleep
right true it's true I'm just thinking
about like we have like so many spare
beds I mean sensation okay we take a bed
up in that lawsuit space have them play
down here be hilarious and make it a
date bags are house number for this
number for very high ceilings very good
alright this is house number five I
think I think this is it like this is
the first one that I came in I like this
is really nice like I definitely could
see us living here sold in more
expensive the word pain right now but
it's a lot bigger and nicer and oh hello
what did this oh my gosh sleep it's
biting
would you tell me you want to live in
this house yeah shower
I don't think idea really I feel a bit
and then we come to do a house tour
right away you live in this house it's
just the one you want to move into why
do you like it oh one you walk in as if
that you're Arizona house a lot of
dangerous things to climb up on okay oh
I don't know if that's a good idea
hey come here so what do you think Oh so
we've looked at five houses as easy as
it seemed really click
we haven't filmed a lot of the inside of
the house for our own privacy because
some of these houses are listed publicly
online and then people can look them up
maybe people have in the past Ryan fun
find where we live right possibly so I
think it's kind of important to have a
little bit of privacy
most viu here nowadays too like Jaime oh
yeah I mean you could really find like
or any of us but most of you guys aren't
that way but just out of own privacy for
like our family don't want to film too
much of that most asset of like the same
though right in the inside they've been
different variations we kind of showed
you guys a little bit of that when we do
move in though we will show you the
whole thing obviously yes it's been a
lot harder than I thought it would be
the first day was like all sweet it felt
easy too easy and then now it's been a
little bit harder two or three houses
that we really liked but they didn't
have ceiling fans in all the rooms and I
know that's kind of nitpicky but I
friend said that's kind of a must
you should definitely put fans in them
we feel like the current games was like
a lot nicer and they also didn't have
lighting already in the ceiling which is
something which is like and the places
before
we would have to be lamps and I just go
- lamps are hotter that's my own opinion
what do you have I think that's it yeah
I just think we do need to find places
and choose places what we really like do
have fanswer the next bombing I have to
tell you something you can tell you
guess what I did last night yes I signed
you up for soccer you're officially on a
soccer coach soccer player what do you
think cool fine that's all the reaction
and guess what I think are going to be
on Charlie's team really Charlie are you
gonna do charlie today we might see
Charlie today right now no reaction just
too busy looking at pickle that silly
nose oh hi
yeah you you next year no not next year
in two years you can play soccer the
house you really liked has two
applications ahead of ours so oh yeah
cause of us getting that the house we
really like is very slim so yeah we're
so cute having some hope that you know
maybe the other ones will pull out or
something but we're gonna go look at
some of my cycle I gathered like six
more houses and only two are available
oh okay so I guess I'll update the sites
class enough to know what's actually
available with Sagan
that's kind of annoying we're gonna look
at two more houses and then probably
take these children swimming and then
have nap
yes mental long day already it's only
9:30 in the morning did you have any
sixes
I think grass up at Target charge a
because I I need swim diapers and wife
and not because I just love target you
didn't Ellie
yep no no no she shakes her finger no no
no now huh no no no no doggy water and
food Lila
own hair she's obsessed with the doggy
water you're obsessed with Harley - how
do we take em tale really quick oh wait
come here COO it famous you can we see
you next week when we get home are you
having a fun summer who do you miss more
mirror Noah Noah you miss Noah oh I see
you your best friend
tell me where you are I act okay yeah no
you're in Arizona so when I was just
calling your mom moments later someone's
already feeling at home in this house
we're not thinking at home right now
this is really pretty with a really nice
color scheme and great light in all of
the rooms which is something we really
need some good lighting
I actually really like to create this
house a lot one of the main differences
that we want in the house that we're
going to rent compared to our house we
have right now is just a better living
space for the kids this definitely meets
that the big loss every place you've got
to has had a area like that very much
so this one in run circles around here
this is what I always check with the a/c
you said to as well just feel like no
thang okay
I would like to see what they see you
said to hear to see like how like hi you
could keep it without with a box all
feeling good this one it's pretty little
fast very long but it's pretty chilly in
here and you can turn it up a little
yeah best way to go with it so there's
your update we're really like not
turning it too high or too low because
the place that we love we thought it was
perfect does it
to people ahead of us still waiting to
find out our application probably for
the place that you like the most
yeah I don't know if I like but for me
like just wants to wait so one pops up
even if we're not here and just like in
Maine because they kind of all have a
saml this neighbor there's a
neighborhood that we really like Kiki
and sure I am kids kid hope you guys
enjoyed today's work be back there again
tomorrow good night everyone
yo guys Maya
single house that we looked at we gem
straight for the best every single just
article every in it that's what's
important to her
