start today's vlog and my dad's generate
energy but that was actually had some
pain - Thor - I'm not sure exactly so
stopping by probably get them cleaned
oh and hopefully we can get to the root
of the problem oh you feel that laughing
your mom yeah
dad mom jokes oh no candy club except
the pictures over there and different
gaming business
how are you funny are you glad to bring
your play oh ah Who am I I remember Hey
Oh nervous
now say Long Island what's Papa what
does pop I do for a living I can't keep
that's what I do I count people to eat
carry I think music so cool
hey mr. big boy hey you look in the
mirror on this face right now
I think thank me I just melted air like
until I was dead
ah it's pretty awesome that his grandpa
can look at his teeth that's pretty cool
nice having some medical professionals
in the family
get my back adjusted my teeth cleaned
all fixed up Jen actually has to come
back tomorrow
shelling she's had a 2,000 bothering her
for really
in the corners one two three okay we're
going to do that on your feet I agree
with all this was really hear that
that's really good to hear that that's
really good too well that's nice three
four no I so much more brain that I was
as a kid even though as my dad I was
like always like I'll have the dentist
now we're if it stopped on your teeth it
shows us that like your boxes are gonna
be on it go meet your teeth no a little
purple what's going on hey Jen uh I'm
gonna brush his teeth better at night
that's what's going on here and probably
neither brushes keep during the day coz
I was lagging on that it's not very good
we just got a dentist note it's such a
good job getting his teeth checked and
me realize not can you do a little bit
better actually scrubbing his teeth we
brush them every night nobody to Jessica
we do I always try but you can always
improve the teeth brushing the teeth you
want to keep yeah Douglas Anderson DB
yes Naperville Illinois downtown
Naperville it's right here come check it
out teeth cleaned
best dentists we have the best
chiropractor and the best dentist in the
country because the world has I have
been everywhere right you take a little
present you so awesome anyway I had to
get my teeth checked because I had a
little sensitivity issue with one of my
piece but only when I eat food only one
food touches it and gets inside of the
tooth that might be something just off
about filling so we're going to redo the
filling tomorrow and see he was he
wasn't going to put the filling in it
was a different dentist a long time ago
yes
huh so what am i number one baby um but
you know I might use grandma he's her
eye on him though sometimes feelings
just wear down so we need that checked
out hopefully once the fillings out we
can see what the issue is
I don't know but I just hope I can share
my side like this see it seems long
again I asked my dad if I could film in
the office you know let's check out and
he wanted I was like hey can I give you
a shout-out so you know cool Wow
and he wanted to meet us decide because
I know that if you come and you come to
his office
you go get done it's like I'm here dude
I was like so if you go to his office
for a checkup
ready your teeth cleaned or whatever
you're not gonna get film don't worry
okay she will not be there was I didn't
get what our last full day in Chicago I
realized out of this place called
Learning Express Lea has all these
awesome sticker books like stickers
correspond with a certain page and then
you put the stickers on that page and
they're really fun I even enjoy doing
them but no he like has been doing them
every day and you really like some of
those trained ones and car ones and
stuff really want to get some for the
airplane and just to have a home you
guys my hair is also very very long I
really want to cut it but just really
long maybe I should leave it I don't
know now cut it now I'm doing some
serious cuddles from Eleanor
and how many that's easy nine ten now
this right here I think something that I
was homeless was for my nieces nephews
right here sometimes in that case
because if you look on the wrong way is
more closing about to cry
I don't think she's enjoying her cuddles
what did you think she did she wasn't
there
I'm more funny when I get Americans no
yeah she looks anything she's like
hiding
she's so cute oh no we're dancing so
when we're at the game we got some gifts
we're getting stuff from the club social
media team and then Hannah hooked this
up as well and a lot of you guys wanted
to see those I meant to film them after
the game and show you guys but I just
forgot to so I'm going to show you guys
right now really quickly first off we
got this Cup at the game it's pretty
cool it's like the final out it's just
you know in the souvenir clips we're
going to bring you home
we got a chalkboard thing during the
playoffs there were tons of people that
are flocking to Wrigley Field and
writing on the brick walls on one of the
sides of it and they're just writing
this is just like family members people
that passed away or just like words of
encouragement for the Cubs or just
whatever they wanted to
so they actually made this I think these
are a lot of things that they give out
at the games and this is actually pretty
cool we got a couple of these and I gave
one to Courtney and Riley you also got
this which is kind of like with
scoreboard at Wrigley Field and it's
pretty cool I'm not going to take it out
it's wood has this picture on it and
then there's this on top which is also
at the field and that lights up very
bright very cool like I said these are a
lot of the things that they give out on
game day but you have to be the first
ones there and some of them are very
very very hard to get this is a flag of
the last out and if Noah wants to I was
thinking we could put it up in his room
if he wants it you also add a couple
boxes of things I'm going to take out
the stuff and show you maybe not the
bobbleheads this is a little snow globe
but it's actually confetti like a parade
globe
you have the bus that they run the
players the W flag
cool yeah everyone wanted to see what we
got so I'm showing him real quick I have
anything we got now this one I really
wanted to get and I got that I didn't
actually you can't buy it unless you
bought it on eBay there's similar things
this is was hinted at the game yeah bit
sounds there
the Cubs had tweeted something out like
we're going to give one of these away
retweet it and you know there's like ten
thousand retweets Wow cool we keep it in
the plastic but is a replica World
Series trophy on it it says like 2016
World Series champion had all the flags
are the heavy very cool my absolute
looks like it's in the plastic I just
want to take it out of the package and
then this I'm not going to take out
because we're gonna mail but it's the
final out bobblehead it's so cool it's
Rizzo and Bryant that's a very cool
about one has a very awesome she said
that these some of these are very very
hard to get and to be careful so that's
what we got to be anything else oh man
no I got the stickers to get off some of
those and yeah as an amazing time thank
you again Chicago Cubs Hannah an amazing
time of the game can't wait to go back
again and meet some very cool additions
to Noah's room and my office was to see
who gets one okay packing up got a whole
bag bigger suitcase or two got stuff we
got a mail we have two birthdays on your
head town and you get a ton of gifts
from the guns and things like that just
oh so much stuff we actually packed what
we felt like was pretty light but lots
of mail about a box or two we also some
the brand deal today for Instagram and
Twitter and oh I guess it was a concept
from them and then us and then we edit
our twist and I think it came out pretty
nicely it's pretty funny I think I can't
give too much away but follow us on
Twitter and Instagram and you will see
it I always like to make the
can things fun and enjoyable and I think
I think we did it Wolsey hopefully they
like but yeah we have a flight to
Arizona tomorrow and when we're landing
I don't even know if we're dropping our
stuff off we're supposed to be meeting
with someone who's gonna be taking us
around the different houses still
planning on renting there are some
houses that I've seen it I'm like I love
that house it looks amazing
but we don't know how we feel like if
we're going to want to live there
long-term right this is kind of like a
test
so we'll go more in-depth into
everything it's going to be sad to leave
I'm sure we'll be back here again soon
the time is flown by the so it should
come by so fast I'm sure my parents will
come out and see us my dad mentioned he
might help us move so if you guys
enjoyed today's vlog ah many avenches
ahead will see us tomorrow peace
house number four number four moving
