this is cool
hello see hello rival hello I was
watching that video for saying hello and
she just said it again I'm making a PJ
face by my birthday strawberries are
here look what I just found look for a
strawberry my mom sends me birthday
strawberries every year could so much I
don't love them I think I know it to
other people that are excited you know I
tomorrow is your birthday
Oh chocolate Oreo cookies I'm your
camera there's no chocolate no nuts no
nothing wrong time um you can have a
cookie angry DJ let me see your face oh
my god your chocolate everywhere yeah no
he's very funny
CJ Nutella Klein now look at you I'll
look at this crime in are you going to
come up another issue went up another
ring earlier careful kind of terrorized
me he goes Noah
oh yeah you go all the way up you can't
share the attention I say yeah
did you forget how whoa that was cool
Wow
good timing yeah
America hey guys Oh
DJ's one
I don't think so I'll go $50 yeah we're
good it went a Jake Arrieta bragger BJ
can't pitch Charlie we go into a cup
game tonight yeah yeah no it gets to be
a big big boy and come with the adults
to a baseball game huh
that right yeah gonna be such a good boy
tonight yeah yeah I'm going to go to a
coach get morally excited and Penelope
and Eleanor are gonna stay with Sam's
parents
so later game it's a later you know
hopefully no it handles it well I think
he'll be okay
he'll be okay he does a good really good
nap today huh so you'll be set yeah and
TJ's a little fever though I'm sweet
looking major inches her teeth I am
paying for stuff
she shows okay yes no one's wearing
baseball socks he's got Jersey on all
ready to go and have a great mixer
you'll agree the happiest place on earth
especially Saturn uses magnetic what's
so exciting being here I just can't like
imagine being here three only one yeah
what that is crazy out here
so whenever we go to a gamer's feeling
this gets a little overwhelming and then
he gets all night like too many people
to so many people
hurry up
it's up store I thought I didn't get to
the game to get in here that you could
let them watch the game here
no I get me hot for now so crowded yeah
I get a new hat
we're at the new king store definitely
wanted a hoodie her birthday but no one
really wants a new hat
oh don't take that awesome do you like
this one we might make it up tight on
this is it good
you want to go no yes or no go to see
him no you wanted to say - here say I
Clark wouldn't I go with you I'll go
with you
I also felt that they wanted to bring
Noah small gift because we required a
video into the car on the way here and
take care of like retweeted a hey could
you today hey Jenny Etta who take her
yes
Oh JJ epic whoa we crazy without you on
that field tonight
my penis and we got peanut it looks like
an emoji
parent you get they give events
who's up the back
ready
baby
Jerzy
hi
let me get the back here look at that
know what just happened
they thought Noah's video what you get
you what else you get a chalkboard
oh my gosh like a blanket or something
look at all that stuff how to get
through a game with the food
No
I am stressed
it's a video are you playing a trick on
me
the video
Wow
you know this is insane
haha
for to do back home Coco and Riley are
down here now we just got a ton of
goodies talk about that
Yeah right now
when they
here we go onto the field winter news
tonight
Center the image
a wild and exciting I've always had my
hair and here we have the same hair
we're line down to get our picture on
and a very long we all matter you
everybody's image like family in the
Milliken you play Trubel excited I'm
going to go in the field and take a
picture how you gonna smile practice
Betty they clean up the field I just
want the guys we should sing hi oh I'm
in listen the players are on the field
or someone even the wives I'll take the
wives guys you know
I'm sorry
okay let's all jump in together oh look
at their spits down there yeah one step
like you wow what a night we just went
on the field took a picture had an
amazing time of the game I was like that
was the coolest loss ever like it was
even better than a winnable shout-out to
Hannah who made that happen she works
for the Cubs she reached out to us with
that package and said that we could do
this when we came to a game this summer
and then she totally pulled through and
was just amazing to it so much and she's
from Naperville which is where we grew
up so we have like that connection we
both was like kind of rival who all are
I suppose in the neighborhood kind of
right
amazing they had such a good time Noah
he did well how late it was he did well
yeah you tired now
you know what yeah it's kind of like oh
it sections like until next year until
next year we'll be back Wrigley Field
except when we moved to Arizona we going
to million spring training game the Holi
fun
Wow and in the night with some fireworks
and some pain in the back seat guitarist
summer no they don't they decide oh yeah
we used to go on our friends boat and we
watch them from the water no way no
because this is better than our for the
day no joke this is so much better and I
was good dang it good night yo guys
Mario
