good morning sweet world training if we
make it to the airport on time also
hoping that our flight isn't delayed or
canceled because there's a little
warning but I think they haven't say any
officer hopefully we're good to go ready
to go let's do it Darby Hadid anything
else you want to say here you go buddy
love you yeah pick schools but yes sure
dad that strollers always worth it
cousin no are you gonna miss pip yeah a
missing 5000 Jason one two three that's
right here's you and each other hug
goodbye
two hours in the rain
three the driving Christie did it she
has saved us on many occasions this trip
got my eye my contact figured out or my
glasses that was insane
it's been an eventful memorable trip
look at this rain look at this this is
not the whole way it was even worse than
that just pouring
taken up
and to the next adventure always a good
time the crunchy at
Arizona
gotta learn that goodbye New York
you
you
and hey and we back and we back and we
back whoo
look this morning at 9:00 a.m. Eastern
Time not too early
pretty good made our way to talk about
two hours ago at the airport and the
pouring rain you guys you guys I got to
the airport and our flight was delayed
actually stopped raining but they put
our flight crew on the wrong flight err
they were like trying to get them
somewhere else because I think they
thought they're probably gonna cancel a
bunch of flights at where we were at so
we waited in the airport for hours for
hours and all went well the kids were
good kortnee saved the day she gave us
up I feel bad for Cort because she was
actually with Riley and Eleanor and they
were driving around like they planned
their day kind of around picking us up
earlier in the day then they had to come
back and then come back and guess again
by separating them it was rush hour and
the funny part I fell by my road trip so
we went and got Portillo's for dinner
tonight nice little treat has a hoof had
a good butt Wow
we're back so we left at 9:00 a.m.
Eastern got here at 8 o'clock now so
technically 9:00 p.m. Eastern so it was
it 12 hour travel day when the flight is
really supposed to be only about two
hours an hour and a half and my parents
will probably be here in 30 minutes and
they drove gingers resident car probably
would have been oh good times but we
backed and we back I forgot to record it
when we got to the country house there
is actually a chalkboard and that said
welcome Sam Noah Penelope Jenica maybe
number time skating anyways I thought it
would be a good idea that we should we
should create a sign for my parents
because every time we come here they
always make sense for us and I know
sometimes my mom makes a sign for my dad
I feel like my dad's made a sign for my
mom I feel like it's actually there we
go there's some old signs
I feel like there's one in the garage
that's a lie cool that's it it's about
up anymore maybe it's in my mom's worker
anyways time to make the mold are you
gonna help color it no I want you to
come outside color okay I'm totally
gonna do it yum yum yum yum yum yum yum
yum yum yum yum yeah okay which color
are you gonna use I am seeing a pink
okay we go thank you I'm gonna do like a
smiley face it's all big ideas pink
yellow I usually live sign is up a Genoa
Penelope
Eleanor and Chloe there's clearly and
then looks like no one over with other
colors thank you
would you try now I bleed this Penelope
I draw
I draw something out I go dos Piero
collar I don't that sound I owe some guy
is this the same guy no I got up here
yeah yeah I got something else on very
good I really like it it's perfect
awesome red blue one teen pink only out
orange brown yeah well awesome you did
great Hey with all our delays today
flying you did really good good job man
proud of you I'm very happy to be on
ground and yeah there was a moment
today we're you're like doing the crazy
turn and some I've been on the top of
the O'Hare control tower and it's insane
there's so many airplanes coming in and
out of that Airport how'd you get a fall
special access on that Wow
it was like it taught to very high
security clearance her losses no no no
anyways and they make people do less and
stuff our approaches like crazy we were
wobbling tip and I was like at one point
I was like we're really descending fast
it's kind of crazy supportive of her
head then also I look out the window and
that was another it was insane there was
another plane just like that's like a
747 whatever probably 100 yards away
flying parallel with us and I was like
where's my camera
it was insane and I was like so people
they're like yeah you can see that's
like where you're on
I almost feel like we were going to run
into it and then we barely strained it
up I can only imagine what the control
ran well and it was crazy because you
could see them like like we can feel
that we knew we look like this and it
was very careless 100 years probably 50
no about 1500 Alexander we were like
right next to each other like I could
have pulled out my camera and got in a
picture yeah it would have been crazy in
the year in line it was not the crazy
day the kids did amazing Malcolm
presence usually I feel like I'm the
worst one when we travel let's just use
because I hate flying
I got to run older I just hate flying
anymore alright now we're waiting and
we're gonna surprise grandma and Papa
because it was surprised us and jump out
and dance yeah I'll risk your mother my
ass my prayers very just because I was
like 12 hours you I'm not like there and
I not see you while I wait you you're
gonna hide right there no they don't see
you right there I've got a hide butter
Oh people we do just drove with you I
rented the van welcome Oh enough to make
a sign oh thank you
good night guys Maya
we're done
