who's ready to pick some flowers who's
ready to pick some flowers today we
started a at a field filled with flowers
you come here you pick your own flowers
the crazy thing is an honor to my hair
which i think is actually pretty cool
let's do that thing that's not
everywhere in America this is oh shoot
Oh
toddler with scissors of course there's
a parental supervision I'm going to get
the flowers cut low okay okay okay okay
careful with those oh okay
we just learned scissor safety there you
go buddy wait wait let's see how you
hold them there you go yeah there you go
I'd call this a success compatible
comparing to the firework ten at ten
everything I was so cool a lot of people
comment says oh and they said all you
have to do is cross the water and
there's a beautiful plan there were a
lot of people that were watching the
vlog they just posted they're actually
on the other side of the river I think
yeah yeah crazy I know but the other
side of the river I like the other
senator a little it was funny what I
like that and if those fireworks event
any closer your kids would have freaked
out by you know why I know that not
nothing
none of you know Alexa wants to nothing
talk about him at a parade yeah I know
I'll be you I know I know
come on he was your hammer over my ears
come on
this is Sam at a parade until he was
like 13
so between my personality and Noah's
what coolin how are we even close to
being similar same we have completely
different personalities as well does it
baby he would have enjoyed it we took
we've taken him to fireworks before I
have pictures come on I don't
can I ask you guys did trying dandy swim
not really a Mickey Mantle Etica we are
back done and Penelope are taking a nap
I got my contacts I feel like funny
wearing them now I have to adjust I can
almost feel them we're going around and
how the kids are arranging flowers Noah
did you take all your flowers out in the
rain jump which one they're yours those
ones right there
and what about this one right here that
one that's really nice ooh I really like
what's going on over here
that's Rick guys looks great
oh look who's here I wish you could have
come I know you need to take a nap you
woke up so early and they're like which
ones every moment these ones
it's like mom's favorite colors - good
job cop I really hope to me let it go
away from Monday to Thursday and then
higher lastly I get our Tea Room yet
everyone is uh at the hammocks and
everyone's saying things who wants to
sit with you a long time like were you
trying to get Noah wait you're the get
Noah what you can't get you could have
asked me for help
nanika can you know we've got this going
look at you you got the stick yeah Sam's
got some contacts in his eyes I don't
think I'm doing this right
yeah she does oh my goodness oh my
goodness we are getting our New York
Pizza bill cut on this place on Yelp for
point or
looks good already now okay yeah I Love
New York ceases my favorite one
margherita pizza all for Jen and the kid
mm eat this because that's you back you
know
ice-cold coca-cola ice-cold diet coke
another people there making a stop at
Samuels sweet shop okay so what happened
was the sweet shop was going to go out
of business or something and then Paul
Rudd lives here or has a house here
dude this is a miracle time but he has a
house here was here or something
decide he wanted to save it so then he
puts money into it and bought it I got
tell me rent
it's kind of cool reminds me of we
bought I do like a movie you know like
saving the candy shop they could have
turned that into a movie maybe they were
one day what are those gumballs it's not
a tennis ball gumball it's kind of well
I can get some more gummy where is my
comics oh we do we try so exactly yeah
is what I'm picking out any one of these
toxic great slime liquor yeah they even
have a pool
gummy inside here this place has
everything is not right Darby Hadid yeah
sorry Hadid are you picking anything out
yes
Derby Hadid any bulb in Commons I they
look like the Hadid sisters I don't
think you guys I can know - Ian and IB
Hadid and either Hadid and Pippa Hadid
okay let's see yeah you roll it on your
topics our cat whoa hey this our and get
the toilet that good growth probably
sorry
Oh pure sugar that's are at all really
okay no so Debbie Hadid got yeah thank
you the M&M cut so here's the pie in the
journal I saw this on my way out Levin
playing a game I look amazing i adult
Wow
I notice how they get second of that
time - yeah yeah come to the screen very
rich flavors are that looks incredible
we jumped some baby powder back here
exam just bashed his face into the door
this is Sam I'm excusing I think my gosh
your show your nose more like how did
this happen the door is it like the beat
yes I'm fine
it's been an eventful trip to New York
what is with my luck these days guys
like what this is like a barely any
metal on the door and it like clipped my
face amazing just amazing
well gotta get that cleaned up this is
going to be a scar seriously wait so
this is what really happens there was a
fight at the fireworks people pull that
aroma candles they started firing at
each other and I was like wow guys took
one to the face took one over here one
over here so nice
what dodged it mix my face no anywhere
it's that time the trip where we pack up
and say goodbye to our family and we get
ready to go on another airplane quick
quick entry quick trip it's all good
though felt like a good amount of time
excellent I'm know let me talk about
this trip we were just saying that
vinolas going to talk about this trip
for like the next year every night we're
back to the early Christmas put Bob
along so well I'm so proud of them
enjoy better well yes so now we head
back to Chicago for a few days something
like my birthday I'm doing alternative
x-mass and so everybody all these new
wrinkles that mother had has given me
and I'm going to Arizona to find a place
to live
it's like gonna be real once the good
Arizona it's like getting real getting
down to business
it'll be good I'm excited pardon me
really wishes we were going home first
just because I missed my like bed and
stuff but it'll be better just to get
this trip find a place to live Golf GTI
and sticker so that's our plan tomorrow
we head to the airport
slide back to shy town to Jeff for the
country oh you definitely can tell the
crunchy yeah thanks for being patient
with like uploads or communcation
deliverance and then it's level you know
you're creating the mail like and quiet
side up in here
and that side a to the end and there's a
wire
after you lit hope you guys have enjoyed
our crunchy house video we have only
come out here and now we will see you
guys tomorrow
Oh
oh my goodness you doing sugar today can
I get for you guys
