but never my doctor has never changed my
due date before but this doctor changed
my due date so last time we got a book
in the mail what do you think this is
today oh why did he get to like us no
wait wait what do you think it is yeah
what do you think it is yeah yeah that's
a big bombs this is just like the
spider-man one so they sent us this
we're not getting paid for this but they
didn't send this yeah let me open it
okay let's look the first thing
superheroes Black Panther you four there
done that and a cool cup PJ took the cup
that looks cool assist those are pretty
cool and enjoyed the special Lego Marvel
superheroes Black Panther sets and some
other goodies so they send us these for
free they also gave us a Fandango gift
card for 25 bucks so I want to give this
to you guys because as always we
wouldn't be getting this stuff that one
if it wasn't for you guys so leave a
comment let's see what should what
should they put their superhero yeah
post your favorite superhero in the
comments and we'll pick rent one random
person who I guess has to be something
here
Ellis here as house yeah I think a
protein cup shaker
got this wedding invitation in the mill
today my boy fizz is getting married I
feel like this is gonna be one of the
most fun weddings we have ever been to
less than a month away all of my friends
like all almost everybody I went to
college with I swear is gonna be there
fizz find a big house for us all to stay
in - so we're all gonna bring our kids
we're all gonna be there stay in there
for a couple days road trip to southern
Utah I can't wait it seemed so fun we're
less than a month away - which is crazy
hey who's out there by I really see you
okay push it up ready good work man she
did did you help them so what do you got
there let me see to go right now Black
Panthers black camper the bad guys this
is cool pretty cool like I said this is
killing longer you can kill Munger kill
Munger it's like there's a giant rhino
and some treasure wonder if that what
what the movie is cool man you like it
this is not paid by the way guys guys
it's not paid by the way like those are
just awesome well I must say today has
been an eventful day um I just dropped
band-aids on pork okay PJ just smashed
her toe with a giant stone it's a little
second toe over from her big toe and a
little worried I'm hoping it's not
broken I think she'd still be screaming
if it were broken I think she just
stepped it yeah babe okay no blood um
she was bleeding a little bit I think
she might lose her toenail they're just
their toenails are so little on their
little baby feet hopefully they don't
hopefully she doesn't but I was able to
clean it up wrap her toe up with two
band-aids I put both toes together so
hopefully it's just I can tell it's
getting it's getting a little swollen
I can tell hopefully I'm gonna check on
it tonight
just oh I hope it definitely feels warm
though like the tow feels warm so I've
been icing it hoping that'll help I look
like a hot mess right now no makeup and
didn't even brush my hair just washed it
Oh today that's going you can be okay
you're gonna be okay she's gonna sit and
rest and how I'm gonna make dinner now
and put it in the oven later I have
young woman's tonight but we're doing it
early I got 4:30 so I'm like shoot I'll
be gone like during the main dinner time
so I'm gonna have it done I wasn't
trying to eat cookies and stuff for the
girls but then PJ who drops a giant
stone on her toe oh gosh I think she'll
be okay I don't think it's broken
she doesn't like the ice on it cuz it's
cold um I gotta make dinner real quick I
had my doctor's appointment today and
this little baby is measuring big
surprise surprise but never my doctor
has never changed my due date before but
this doctor changed my due date
I guess I'm measuring a week over so
instead of 22 weeks in the day I'm 23
weeks I guess measurement wise I mean
really you just never know so currently
my new due date is June 3rd instead of
June 11th which is like a full week
which is kind of crazy so it's kind of
exciting though it's really exciting
couldn't have a baby the first week of
June and late latest the second week of
June so that would be really fun it's
kind of crazy we have a birthday the
beginning of June and the end of June
and both boys which is kind of fun that
was exciting it was a really quick
appointment too it was only like a
couple minutes and then my next
appointment is my the dreaded glucose
test but they changed it like they
changed the drink I feel like it used to
be orange
anyway and I haven't tried the fruit
punch liver so I'm doing fruit punch
this time around and it's clear but I
feel like there's more in there than in
the last ones am I wrong I feel like
there's way more liquid in there like
that looks like a lot to drink
I hope it's not gross I'll just stick in
the fridge and hopefully be good anyway
did any of you guys say we'll probably
talk about this more but did any of you
guys watch the test love being launched
into the sky today anyway about all the
astronomy classes and science people are
having a heyday with that sounds fun
okay I'm gonna get going get this dinner
made and then be on my way and yeah I
hope you're having a great day so the
baby's coming a week early well then
baby could still come the other week or
even before that or two weeks after we
never know but there's a couple things
that we need to do before the baby's
here we're planning all our date nights
we also need to do a meet-up with people
in Arizona so people that live in
Arizona is there a good place that we
could do a meet-up
I feel like we should do that before
it's too hot outside I know there's a
lot of you guys where would it could
place be that we wouldn't be a nuisance
that wouldn't get shut down not that the
whole world's gonna come I'm trying to
think and I need you guys help
so anyway so if you guys enjoyed today's
video I think I'm going to do the one
chip challenge when Jen gets home
tonight I've been wanting to do that so
bad
three kids guys three kids they
congratulations
what
