we've always enjoyed our trips out here
out east for the summer
scrapers are the kids to be with the
family for us to be with our family we
do a lot of those stereotypical things
like it's also great to go swimming I
will not be swimming look wait no
interest anything getting in my eyes oh
yeah Wow
top of being a tune lesson from the
professional olive what I don't think I
don't know but I'm going to find out
what are they called what forearm
fulcrum petals
Wow that top go that cream pure vanilla
Darby just got a camera she saved up her
money and purchase one she's an aspiring
photographer now firing today let's make
magic with our lens and now we get to
celebrate fourth of July out here which
is always extra fun happy fourth of July
wow what an amazing backdrop to start
today's vlog to get it before we just
went to the book shop my mom treated all
the kids and I guess adults I didn't
know my daughter of soda filling out to
a book each and we were just starting
the day off right summer reading there's
nothing better than summer reading
I wrote at the library I was like one of
my favorite things ever is do and have a
great day today celebrating
this oven I'm gonna follow you around
ready now I you PJ literally this
untouched pot - this one's about to pop
through with some pot through anything
don't humming through your database
seaspar P for there tonight
what am i doing playing playing aah
Oh TDM PJ look at this traffic so Q
Thank You Alexis
I'm up to us with it no just just this
oh no I yesterday at school his toes up
skin those toes got soft and it peeled
steep cuts on them because I got all day
to that Pat yeah both of them saw their
toes off scraped up at the pool huh hey
let me see your glitter eyes Wow
beautiful beautiful these two Gosselaar
eyes I got some glitter eyes what
what's like baseball frisbee and now
volleyball and I'm not I can't stop
sweating awareness yeah he's taking two
showers today already yeah
have you had so much fun here the
country house the country house yeah
yeah have you had fun playing with your
cousins yeah oh hi see what's up saying
hi
look at this oh okay this is beautiful
out here yeah
Vijay that's a bunny we plays had so
much fun today we had we had a really
fun we had really fun we had a lot of
fun playing rugby today one she's about
15 months old hey we have to get to know
and Debbie did my hair oh part of the
coming-out shop effect officiated some
braids on me because I got some glitter
eyes - okay well I'll sinkers use 15
month old okay go through your bank exam
played volleyball in high school
everyone fun fact
fun fact about Sam whoa hi don't eat the
merchandise what are you two up to no
good and it was had a really fun day
just kind of relaxing we didn't do much
something everyone took math one time to
go to the bathroom because we're going
to go to fireworks
okay ready go peepees Oh
like floating like a nice buttery roll
oh my goodness and this is your set
ready here we go five six seven eight
Sam when youth awards grammy and
Penelope match in their popsicle outfit
pop cool haircut same haircut popsicles
oh very true we go stick tape it we are
here and we're successful Ehrmann hi red
Claire my New York bring it to the
fireworks tonight just got some ice
cream
Noah got with an ice cream shop right
strawberry are you excited to see the
fireworks tonight you know this is your
third fourth of July in New York hey
there's going to be a fun night though
this is actually absolutely gorgeous the
view let me show you is look at this
right on the Hudson River beautiful view
I've got this giant hill of people
there's food an ice cream vendor you can
create your own ice cream sandwich and
playing sports and live music
great we have so celebrated many forced
relies with our glass Posse family we've
tried to tell you what every year we
kind of leave for yes let me still iPad
three in a row and then we did the one
where he went to Lonely Island and we're
investing in the treasure we knew every
year trying to find like the right the
white thing to go to this feels like
this projection we like them a lot
there's a huge feel for the kids running
there's a fan playing and then everyone
sitting like that way and then the river
is right here it's beautiful beautiful
you doing
and then one right there okay time for
me we're at hard acrostics crazy fine
work are you so excited
here comes Papa oh my god I camera start
at any moment yeah we're really confused
because there's this fire our signature
pro the distance Neverland super choir
right now we think is actually my
favorite intimate four times over I
great out there like when we watch the
Disney World I worked at Christmas
actually I guess this is actually him
wonderful night watching the fireworks
four miles away
although the fireworks were super far
away it was still a great place to watch
them
we loved the field we loved the view
it's a great time I was kind of
disappointed I didn't get to get a lot
of cool video and photos I know taking
video of fireworks is kind of stupid in
a way I do never go back and watch it
but I feel like sometimes it adds
another dynamic another layer to the
vlog so hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog hope you have a safe 4th of July if
you're in the United States and everyone
else you guys Rock as well so yes
tomorrow good night
