oh boy this guy is into not doing too
well hey guys hoping to find answers
right now on my phone look how bad it
looks
all right it made it to New York this
guy fiddled about oh yeah he has a
really clean mess up and I and it was so
painful like clearly came up with level
pace is picking us up
so basically last night I went to sleep
and I glazed I went to sleep when I was
doing irritated then this morning I woke
upmy I was just like so hateful every
time I blink your bird it was bad boy
check out my contact and I can't really
see anything except on my left eye and
now I need to find like last something
yeah
Jimmy go potty
now we're waiting far back oh I
shouldn't have shown of the camera burn
oh there's got to be a house Pete what's
PJ's voice sound like these days oh hey
guys any settlers on ride it was like
took forever
I put snacks in my nose I got so
desperate I finally hear in the Hudson
Valley
hey Pippa what's up ex ENFP hello older
you know see that handsome chicken head
you get one we're currently in the
garden so beautiful tonight it's so
serene out here it's a little bent from
the garden
these guys are what you guys doing berry
picking raspberries these two already
thick as thieves
Oh towns helping roots to fight to
donate to hurt you know of them no I
don't need any money
yeah that's like telling a kid not eat
candy right in front of our faces
my mom said don't eat them all but it's
gonna how do you reach through here oh
just on fist yeah is this one ready yeah
I got one wow those are good
well they're not even sour at all but
the best ones I've ever had
ah I can't reach come to me raspberry
come to me come to me raspberry
back on here here PJ try this you want a
fresh raspberry face Yami since about
the rocks I'm just going to use the
garden as a plaything
it feels so wet out here how's my eyes
total kills and full-on can't wait to
like sleep yeah let it rest hey your
garden looks great okay I like it I like
it
if you man she moves you move it we
don't move you said you move some links
or something
new bench mom look at this one it's
really dizzy
why I really feel this is my thank you
so much now it's so delicious I fell in
your hands I got my princess Miss
Penelope
look I said I said Houston I'll be
talking these days to you Mac so I'm
just kind of got stuck in there with my
mouth mom didn't you could like fish it
out for me like kind of kept a little
better and who knows so who does she
look like it is going to look like me
Jenna combo combo three good combo okay
let me see your raspberries Noah
Oh how many so many good can I try one
oh yeah nope too good you guys are
making my dreams come true hey that's
pretty awesome homegrown raspberries
right here I don't know if this will be
one buck but tomorrow I'm gonna go get
my eye checked out like first thing in
the morning and then my parents actually
get here tomorrow night river wash these
yeah
it's not oh my gosh there's no pesticide
I'm so good I like this one
make another tray again oh the nitrite
they're just weak
boy the thunder so I just confirmed an
extra stir and this is one thing that I
would be back whenever we went to my
grandpa and grandma's house in Utah they
always had raspberries all over the
place and roses other fruits and she
said that's why she planted them because
that's like we literally I was feeling
right now they go wow maybe we should
like make a we are located I have you
know next Norman summer in the country
means big bugs there's something smudges
on this camera oh boy this guy has done
- not doing too well the puffiness is
gone down a little bit seems a little
covert yeah since you woke up still
really swollen do your eyes
oh gosh she is is basically exploding
we're out on the porch it's nice and
humid and wet out here yeah I said here
you saw a deer I don't think you really
saw his eyes chicken his eyes guys I
woke up today
like morale pretty low I think you
should going to bring my eye oh my gosh
I like aviator meets nerd and I wanna
make a pause I want to make a fun I
don't wanna make a pun either just a
mess today trying glasses on trying to
figure something out
actually they look weird and it on the
tower but I'm pretty good on actually a
little making little piece on my purse
anyways hoping to find answers right now
yes I might be phone look I better look
so much man yeah because like detail on
the sides there's like there's like
there's like graphic that matters to my
condoms like this oh hey guys you look
really sick really bad look at this
little baby skate girl we do your
skateboarding
so chime substance but I'm going to be
getting Pippa's name and fenelby same
messed up all week he day he has to come
PJ let me see oh dang I missed it she
says suppose um hey Sam ones with eye
doctor here's the update I have an
abrasion of my eye
there's a cut and I kind of like did it
stand like this onto my cornea
yeah how about serious though that's
good heal after a couple days or so and
surgical but I don't even I drop yeah my
degree classes though my dream come true
it's not like I didn't really take out
my two options because my head right
like they said what did you get some old
man glasses so oh my goodness
professor Sam well you look for you Oh
everywhere in these the next couple days
I'm just relieved it wasn't like a
colonial funny was it a cornea holster
yeah some I think that which could cause
like a ton of damage honestly what I
think happened is that I think when we
did the cake I got my face I felt like
blurry vision a little bit I'm actually
maybe a little bit my contact yeah if
that were ruined your contacting the
contact cut your eye
that's very there's many options so
least you gotta figure it out nothing
too major we are a shadows my sister
won't end up so many people and we
basically just like slipped in yeah
something wrong with it they want to
look to me pretty pretty busy and you
just kind of see each other schedule
which is great so trying to feel a
little bit better
ah putting that mean I jump in there
really early yeah this great little bit
of time more serious you can't me to the
tree my eyes better ten plus years I
kind of just been doing my routine and
then fine yeah honestly give the cake
doesn't matter so take your contacts out
from now on you can take your other
contact out you have to country of
glasses and contacting that I and this
one's not even the right prescription
colors my name is do glasses feel okay
like the right prescription really hard
is okay I'm listening when I first got
my glasses in my new prescription but my
new prescription it felt really strong
but then my eyes dusted so guys this is
me for a couple days what I'll probably
look like I'm planning on getting like
glasses I enjoy more this is kind of
like all my only option I had and our
context once this heals but this is it I
like it black because she's like those
are terrible but you know sometimes I
just want to see right I just want to
see we need to be able to do right now
I'm not worried about looks at all now
the last thing I'm worried about good
night everyone should mom me like my dad
see you guys Maya
three next Tucson who took really great
strides literally this year she went
from crawling to walking and her name is
yeah
