that he might make above I don't have my
contacts in anymore - no hi I can't see
myself wow you're so good at taking care
of them
oh did you miss a monoid this you and
though I tried to reach up and grab it
what are we doing the links here oh
we're going to a surprise location
grammy so that we're going somewhere fun
for lunch because it is currently
raining outside we don't sing yes he
does have a pretty sit with them and
literally guys the only jackets that a
target had I had to buy them pants and
jackets because in myself a jacket
because that's I didn't bring anything
anyway
I feel like this baby is in like an 80s
high school Oh
rain rain go away rain go away rain face
does not like the river face she's so
confused
our food no it's got the perfect jacket
and outfit on hey tell me about this
place where are we right now a train so
they're gonna bring our food out on a
train with a fun idea Grammy
they love to do you notice lead assault
- toots grill one
moments later
so moment later Oh
oh is it ours thank you get a hot dog
sandwich
three bars Wow when you're three you're
able to put ketchup on your own hot dog
five that's amazing
so the food was actually pretty good it
was like that diner burger and Noah just
got a cupcake with loads on the cupcake
okay yeah but what else was on it what
are you holding in the other hand a blue
train with torrents - what do you say -
Grammy some idea by Grandma to come here
especially cuz it's raining and
lightning she'll go into that
so the other day I tweeted out that I
was watching the kids while Jenna's away
and that I needed ice cream I was
running out of ice cream
I got a joking and then I got hit up I
think like choco taco says something but
then I actually got a tweet from Breyer
no way yeah they hit me up like hey
what's your address we want to send you
guys some coupons for ice cream ice
cream bananas melting on the roadside
oh so I always appreciate when companies
are like doing stuff like that it was
like insane so got this little package
right here it's got the green and black
Breyers oh my goodness look at this when
you go places this is to eat our ice
cream in these things I wanna get a
helmet full of ice commitment I think
they're located in Chicago or at least
they came from Michigan welcome hey Jojo
what it isn't
oh it's like the actual like baseball
games you get ice cream sales in Cup
helmet so you either ice cream and the
Chicago Cubs ahead there's a bunch of
paper and stuff oh it says oh my guess
open this it's like some beans or
something
like worried I'm going to more'd I'm
going to miss something
okay I think that's good ones everything
in it like metal is so very cool okay
these wouldn't say ice cream spoons so
we've got our hats eat ice cream in some
ice cream spoon and we heard you're
running low on the most important thing
in the freezer so we wanted to send
along a little something for the next
time you hit the grocery store to
restock okay they just test which I'm
really coupons at this time we got a
coupons give three cards of ice cubes
are free
cool thanks Briar's awesome papa have a
very fun kitchen and we decided to have
a chair and Noah's doggy I have a tea
party this is look so cute
oh say hi to Daddy down there is what we
do on rainy days cuz you can't go
outside
luckily grandma has a fun kitchen okay
no it's fine another cup good those are
good cuff yeah give them each a cup good
job you're so cute yeah well this is
less sticky done it so got to get some
hair
doggie would appreciate
oh so cute
Lily just look up from a good nap wow
you're so good at taking care of them
Oh didn't make entertainment with you
are you feeding your water suit Oh
Grammy there's currently a tea party up
here that you would be most proud of I
found a VHS called Sam has some home
videos of me when I was a kid a baby
coming home for the first time you guys
actually saw the end of luck when I
turned three years old my mom
interviewed me in front of our house in
the lawn and asked me some questions
well that house where I actually lived
for five years of my life is not too far
away from us so I decided to go there
and ask Noah some questions as well it's
kind of crazy how similar it was why I
was asking similar questions but just
the desire to not want to do the
interview at all just move in and see I
love it so Sam
exam today and how old are you I want to
get for your birthday this morning hi ha
ha oh wow
what are you clear beautiful camera hey
thank you so much no where are you ok
what do you can you say on your birthday
ok ok ok uh-huh and what else
Emily oh right area and that's going to
be on top of your cake yeah and any
weight you're going to fill dinner party
so I say all won't have these fine ice
between your club a little strapless a
picture while you're riding in it then
you can cost your horn when you get
closer you can closer hey buddy how old
are you hey did you just turn three
would you get for your birthday give a
sister
Wow okay what's your sister's name they
are peas Penelope what's your mom's name
oh please hand over here oh wow how many
sisters yes hey you pick yeah
so Sam how does it feel to be three it
is hip hop fantastic this is really come
back here don't get so close to me that
I can't see it right okay are you saying
Heidi girl what's her name Lisa who's
your best friend
nothing Becky yeah who's your favorite
person on the earth plane really and
where your sisters date poor and well
thank you I'm not into it
you like being the only boy so you want
to go offer anything Veronica okay
pretty live what's your what's your name
Pamela Anderson - where are you from
tap you're from the cup
anything else you want to say
we go home that was very high scores
we're currently out for a walk this is
my own PJs third walk today
and it's really sprinkling rain I feel
like the heavens are about to open up or
on us soon Sam's taking a ride on his
mom's a beach cruiser with no brakes
which is kind of hairy he's missing eye
on that pink bike oh gosh oh gosh oh
gosh oh gosh we actually just had an
incident with Noah Stan was flying the
drone his new little one
I was called anyway he's flying it and
Noah tried to reach up and grab it or
touch it or something almost the house
with the IV's beautiful sorry yeah he
try to reach up and touch it and it cut
his finger and so that was no bueno
I was bleeding so much like blood
pooling in my hand it's a tiny cut I
mean that tiny the good size it's like
the two of the singer what wow this
house is Ivy though beautiful Wow
how do they get it to go up the entire
house that's crazy
it's humid finally oh no I see baseball
players
show me your band-aid yeah did you get a
weenie let's just try climbing climb
against it this is your elementary
school playground screen so many times
that right now it's kind of a great
school wonderful school
just awful playground
good job oh there's my mama came at me
wedding day a sneak peek at our costumes
Halloween costumes is here we got Draco
Malfoy
right say who you like yeah are you
drinking
like I don't want my hair like that mom
how dare you
so look so Chloe it's a really nice
crease going on and more I pray go in
mono I'm going to Pippa stages people
live in and now New York yeah yeah so
we're going to take a plane or unit
eight yeah yeah who's going to pick us
up it gave a pimp I got this is me hmm
Jason who's tipis sisters so what's
their names
Hey Oh s oldest big guy be whisper his
mom's name hey Cathy that's your hand
huh it's gonna be him papa gonna go
there - yeah yeah so that's our next
stop
my parents are going to go to my
brother-in-law's graduation
he's a PA yeah which is pretty awesome
really proud I spend metal is hard work
we're going to catch a flight tomorrow
morning fly to New York just like that I
have a fun time there a be there for
about a week
however fourth of July there again and
then we'll actually come back here did
you talk about those so then we'll come
back here for a little bit because it
has felt like a very fast this year and
we'll celebrate Jen's birthday here
which at least one so is that why you
have your plane out every time we go
flying East asleep on the night before
it guys literally he literally does
explain the night before we all sleep in
here tonight no way thing but it's been
extra nice to be in here my parents were
super nice to do that Noah had a little
accident on his finger today yeah I did
not abandon did for our act of our kids
are it's crazy that more that hasn't had
yeah then catch anything out cameras we
were busy here little tried to like make
sure he was okay because there was like
blood right away we're like how is it a
deep cut what's going on okay good night
time for bed say good night simple good
night Ephraim shows mommy like my dad
who's got you Oh how's Pete what's PJ's
voice sound like these days Oh big guy
ready Saturdays on ride it was like took
forever
