happy birthday happy birthday we'll do
this
you
thanks dad
where are you from cat you're from the
cup today and how old are you how are
you hey alright when it's going to make
me really how many siblings EF give a
sister
yeah and when your sisters name for and
well what's your sister's name help me
okay are you saying hi hey girl we'll do
it my spec day how are you hi e3 have
you birthday buddy
are you so happy okay open that door
happy birthday
Oh
come love secretions what do you think
you like it yeah come yard
I love you happy birthday
who does that
and everything's all the miscellaneous
things enough left to look at oh my
goodness
I'll fix it it's not quite open on
okay okay we've got Star Wars masks PJ
masks pokemon playing oh oh gentle hugs
hugs would you have your birthday donut
who got it for you
Danny that's so nice it tastes good yeah
yeah I know
whoa good dance moves shake it shake it
yeah who is that baby is that Elinor you
see yourself okay I'm gonna put upside
down just because a birthday we're going
to spread them out what what is it show
me show me the front
yeah Chicago Cubs spinner what you do
you guys here did yet frosting over your
face
whoa just like a dude perfect game what
am I so I show us fold it up
okay cute it is what God said it has to
be him here here do we wear the vest and
I throw the balls at each other's chests
and you trying to stick of mind like
dude perfect that's so funny that's
sweet would you say welcome this for mom
and dad Oh what is it that's a neat one
didn't you want a real Benny the ball
you got one you're gonna be used as an
Aggie you know I know you like stuffed
animals
oh he's been in it many like spinners oh
this one's from Penelope oh this one's
from PJ you a great gift giver Bhoomi
what are those what are they you know
hockey stick oh boy talk to you inside
the house your size yes with me what'd
you say I said how is it a puppy that's
so fun oh yeah welcome - it open it up
baseball stuff happy birthday wishes to
a guy who scores lots of points Wow
that's you
Oh careful money
shego forgot her own toys say thanks
Odie Ronnie so so hey you know a happy
birthday I love you so much I want ready
to go shop for something fun that you
love one oh gee this is from granny and
Papa what is this a poco jumper put both
feet on jump try to get Noah come again
come into here there's more space over
here come to the kitchen
now count tell me jumps you do you see I
do it Craig keep your feet on there try
to keep your feet on and jump jump jump
okay what you say to everyone Wow Wow
Pozzo baby
that's Mike coming through big
three-year-old I'm going to lay the bowl
highlights with this May the bull guy
ready to go get some lunch birthday
lunch well so we had planned this nice
little birthday lunch get together and
then we're gonna get all they can feel
because the babies are sleeping
I'll be good time no and I need passed
out birthday boy fell asleep on the moon
here so your sign what's due and that
would be great you were at a Raising
Cane's chicken fingers this is the one I
am so excited about it
I've heard so many people talk about
your people talk about different foods
and things you got try it try it out
Courtney said it's the KFC of the South
is it I heard you'll either like a tax
peas person raising Cain maybe KFC Anna
that's a lot of yeah that they're like
yeah I was just a capacitor no one would
want to be yeah that would be great
I'm so excite like sit down that lunch
and talk about being green when it's a
part about being too was yeah okay let's
go drive Leland called everybody said
blankety so excited he's so excited oh
my gosh thank you wake up with your
birthday but that almost makes it worse
well can woke up birthday boy had a good
power nap of course of course he woke up
right when we got home he woke up he's
eating his lunch now who did not want to
get out and go eat inside because he
really wants to go spend his birthday
money so and we're letting him just
choose what he wants to do today really
because since we're traveling having
like an actual party party like a friend
new stuff like last year so we're going
to go to the store he's going to spend
my mom's birthday May that she sent him
and then there's something else that I
mean I had
planned for when the babies they get
which will be really fun with it it's
Dana
look everybody its day on the lies oh
yeah yeah Raising Cane's ten out of ten
ten I go to the best chicken beers I've
ever had juicy and delicious and the
sauce was like my kind of sauce so it
had like a little peppery taste to it
yeah it was like a fry sauce with like
temper and Palouse yeah it was
definitely fresh sauce with like table
top Rica and peppers I see game over but
I could give you a louisiana spicy sauce
hot sauce tonight attend no I can't
think of like chicken fingers I've had a
better than that - yeah you guys think
about that now we're almost at Target
and he has his little corners from
earning money from Papa yeah honey I'm
gonna get birthday so far just me my big
three year old I'm so happy I'm so happy
he was born three years ago almost in a
half-hour he would be born on 30 minutes
he was making his way out I already been
pushing for about an hour and a half
days of our life when the best days
craziest days of our lives but I've
never felt more like what the Freak is
going on thanks grace um still leaves us
on our toes okay Noah
we knew Noah wanna would be so bad we
were holding on we came to this story
cuz you 30 bucks to spend
guess how much that cost $30 $30 oh
we're gonna get that home I think we
might have to know about that with
custard no geez money you say thank you
Oh Jean oh my goodness what is that
thing ha a dump drug we need to put in
it
egg rocks rocks nothing's bigger than
you are
hedge let the birthday festivities
continue now this is the birthday party
kind of portion are going to take Noah
who have no idea Penelope with no idea
Annelle annoy encode or who have no idea
go do something that we've never done
before because kind of expensive
I think they'll enjoy probably in to the
hilt and to know if you love these kind
of thing and that goes on and she loved
so lucky ready oh wait do you want to
throw a penny in there because it's your
birthday you want to throw a penny in
there and make a wish okay
when you go build-a-bear
we came by the other day we know that
they had Pokemon and had Star Wars had
things that Noah loves so and there's
the skin - which one do you want to do
oh my goodness
very excited okay get a donor's laughing
wait there's so many there's so many oh
yeah wait no come show me the one you
picked
okay I mean that's the one I thought you
think I think I thought you'd pick this
one or
Pikachu or Charmander I think PJ decided
which one she wants good of the pink
there yeah I think you might go for pink
say which one my gender and you at once
Oh every night every single time dog-ear
pink bear everyone's stuffing all I need
you to do a successful mess hello how
you want to restock
Joell of miracle
the world
if you like it like that Dominic spoken
so you like him yeah a little bit like
this oh I do and rub it on your oh very
brave
last-minute change their mind from the
Stormtrooper and would you get that's
odd
you want to put a minute did you
good-looking man oh you got to get in
the bed
oh good - puppy a bath before the
clothes on oh oh good bad for your
doggie Doo by ourselves
look at there's actually stormtrooper
outfit he could have put on the dog
it's so cute this is no in the batting
glove the cubs outfit oh-ho-ho-ho-ho ask
you if you want that over the music's
okay oh did you see the star war chest
open I was rehearsing elder come pick
out an outfit
Hey look at your cute bear your doggy I
mean he's so cute there we go we're
riding the malls press strings take a
legit train right here is pretty cool hi
Corey excited oh my god oh so a lot
notice that we're on a real train oh it
is so happy
we come and around the mountain window
so today we're basically doing all the
annoying things you keep them all
this is birthday there's favorite things
so that's what we're doing been on the
train the train was totally awesome I
was a long ride you got sucker stickers
yeah I don't think you realize there's
an ice cream truck which is favored in X
M says birthday addre can you tell by
scream yeah guys whom am I gonna get
awesome welcome to Noah's birthday feast
where we're gonna say mom we have no
until about what he's been doing amazing
they're going to say we can get tonight
well not to this eaten good my birthday
now yeah handed at Berkeley boy I got a
extra hot chicken
Nando's sandwich we got World Series
champions cup a mouthful of fries you
can tell these three and star wars
napkins Bon Appetit maybe wonderful this
other game ever comment you'd like was
it good limo guy
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you
it's a happy birthday happy birthday
what
yeah what's off the bottom part like off
oh I'm going to cut them okay let me cut
you a piece okay how's your cake buddy
this kid and it's going to town good
because I'm gonna smash it don't breathe
in you'll get sucked up your nose oh my
gosh did you look like he does believe
that is anticipation I think you need a
napkin
can you breathe don't breathe don't
breathe in now through your mouth you
look good Baltimore me daddy let him
have this huge guys grandma's gonna save
a stinking today oh my gosh
haven't you always wanted to do that as
a kid it's like those bread the bread
people who smash their faces in bread
you guys didn't that's me I didn't know
good thing we're outside usual helpers I
have some cake Oh on alien would you
freak out
I promise you guys are so silly
hey I say it's been a successful
birthday
has it been fun yeah yeah do you
remember this day forever yeah how can
you I mean I have a feeling that you're
going to watch this video over and over
and over and over and over and over
again right what was your favorite part
of today
yeah I was the cake your favorite part
Oh been a good day that's gonna GoodData
gotcha oh wow
three Grammy got no really fun tag game
what's it called was it
dodge tag you look like a tiny babe like
on trolls I cannot handle how amazing
this Chicago weather has been there is
an zero humidity it's been in like the
60s and 70s all the whole three days
we've been here so far it's just crazy
and amazing and so nice there's like not
one ounce of humidity in the air okay Oh
hasn't dad oh that was quick
he had his own stuck Oh a nice came out
handle that on you whoa
do you the smaller hold on fun okay okay
our babies three having Murphy the remix
is three
I'm lucky bear it's been a good three
years got our lives she was a yeah I'm
grateful that he's been willing to be
our guinea pig baby can you could you
know trial and error working out the
kinks
no I'm so great he's a good kid we love
him so much
it's athletic he's funny he's smart is a
big heart same like the big kids around
him and her neighborhood in different
places they like follow him around and I
mean wouldn't you ever see that okay
he's going places I kid he's he's fun
he's so worried he's also sassy oh that
one's a teenager he's at three danger oh
I love you know what I hope you had the
best birthday ever let me do I know
you're watching this well now probably
today like a day after and hopefully
many times in the future as well love
you buddy
happy pretty Betty
happy birthday happy birthday
