the teeth that one morning guys I don't
know it's confer start of the vlogs
I'm sure he has who the kids before me
but we made it we're in Chicago and oh
my gosh you guys I have never been here
in the summer when it's like such
amazing weather it is seriously so
freaking nice out here there's no
humidity at all and then there's a
breeze I'm like what the heck is going
on this isn't Chicago but hey I'll take
it I'll take it well we can get it we're
actually on our way to church right now
hey good morning
oh um hi hi good morning sunshine baby
no you can see good morning good morning
all right well see you guys let me get
the fight and we're from church our
special dessert Noah come out God what
is this very short cake anything John is
like growing up on Sundays at our house
we always had a very let's say
extravagant but well-thought-out home
style make your warm feel good meal
today we have like like a pot roast
please yeah with you know we don't use
any not 3d when I can um like barbecue
sauce and
teriyaki yeah yeah that's really good so
I need to try out the recipe I think
this was teriyaki that had this -
barbecue sauce this is it right here
delicious no one loved it and now we are
making a nice little does it know what's
this called
sorry shortcake
yeah it's mom's favorite and every time
we do something special Noah goes my
birthday now is it my birthday now
almost two more days not yet more like a
day and a half actually okay now we're
gonna go like this
wait who's doing the whipped cream on
everyone me you are yeah
with the help of Grammy ready wow this
is why everybody loves Grammy here we go
let's do this one come on Oh which one's
next this one
we have a question for both of you just
to see how current you are on a no no
what
what is this call me Oh I've actually
gave that to Darby and olive because I
said these are all the rage there's a
little Spanish of the cult yes bitches
is it no physics but I this is a visit
it's a fidget I introduced it to Darnell
didn't know what the code right what is
it Kondo I can't miners are they called
the frigid frigid frigid frigid spinning
this is things I had yeah together you
guys got it right if you're up-to-date
with current beds very fast it is 68
degrees
Oh meanwhile in Arizona we're receiving
well not from people in Arizona maybe
sometimes from people in Arizona a bunch
of post about things melting about why
would you for one Arizona because it's
like a hundred twenty-nine I didn't pack
some jackets because Chicago Jersey feel
hot yeah six degrees 60 degrees kind of
chilly and we walked to this park no one
I wrote our bikes to this park earlier
today but we got to be the perfect
little Sunday activity head over here
last time we're here they're still
building this park they're renovating it
that's pretty cool man I have a newfound
appreciation for kids parks it's fun
when you go to different parks and
they're not all the same this one's
definitely different I like the climbing
no you like this park then they have
this spinning thing which Riley is doing
by himself right up
thank goodness I think the best part is
because you're still wearing your shirt
and pants
no do you want to spin you should climb
this one too this is a really cool part
a lot of upper-body dear to me the
ultimate ninja warrior good job man can
you reach the top
wow that's good you hope you got it you
want always the top of sweet
I'm gonna come out and see no I hit the
ball super far what uh you're gonna do
so good at t-ball whoa
that's good shot papa oh my gosh honest
used to be it so hard to I'm so proud of
you Oh gonna do again the teeth back not
pretty girls are prepared for that one
buda whoa hey who's the cool dude you
are so cool
baseball do hey careful
ain't nowhere cut their hands yeah Noah
Dancy Dancy Noah with a blonde yeah
she's clapping for you
you hit it square up on us too you
square up whoa
mr. confident take your time - you
square up turn getting on the side whoa
form look at that form
dude you're so cool I do want to try
actually here you film me okay you're
better than me racial sissy hey progress
how do you feel about hitting the ball
so good jeez his form is like really
good I got invited turn the camera off
you nailed dad thirsty hey Dad hey Dad
heeeeelp and I see you now oh good job
I'm so so sorry
you've been very happy to be here
yes Michigan try it see if sissy will
hit it give her the bat hits ball sissy
it's a balk good girl
pretty relaxing Sunday even kind of nap
in I found like 14 hours of sleep since
I got here in one pay under you tomorrow
we're going to the zoo
we'll be the kids first time out like a
real zoo seeing elephants giraffes and I
know they are so excited
the next day snows birthday also thanks
to everyone that watched yesterday's
vlog and a lot of you guys enter the
giveaway I think the last time I looked
there are 600 entries so actually your
chances are pretty good compared to
other giveaways that might you know be
round so check it out check it out so
we're going to be so much fun
and next week it's going to be even
better we'll see you guys tomorrow
breakfast is waiting look at all those
options all my business I better get to
bed
