first off shout out the sleep number for
sponsoring today's video we have an
amazing giveaway for you guys it's time
to finish packing because we are leaving
on a jet plane gonna be gone for a
couple weeks and it's kind of it's
always bittersweet when you leave we
definitely love time with our family
activities the moment the memories
that's amazing we get much better than
that but we do always this because when
I go home I revert back to high school
Sam tonight share a tiny bed don't
always sleep well it's like you guys
know I'm talking about when you travel
like it's always awesome to be out and
about wah wah but when you get home and
you get all your stuff back you're like
ah how do you feel about traveling here
do you like it yeah do you like your bed
do you like mommy and daddy's bed so
most of you guys probably remember when
we went to the Sleep Number store we
were trying them out it was an amazing
experience we actually laid there
figured out what each of our Sleep
Number was what was yours in the store
um twenty five thirty thirty go straight
nobody use now I go between 25 and 35
the bed was changing to our bodies yeah
and to the point
there was like no more stress on it or
pressure and then you could sleep very
nicely then we picked out a bed it was
that was the hardest part because there
are two that we loved we went with the
i8 because we really like the cooling
that we felt with the story like oh that
would be nice especially moving to a
warmer place we feel like I would come
into good use I know a lot of the beds
have that but we just kind of felt like
that would be a good perk so that's what
we went with you can't go wrong with any
Sweden Trivette really they came and
delivered the bed and we were so pumped
excited like we wanted to take a nap
right there but then we had to you know
resume our adult parenting lifestyle
we've had the dead for a long time now
and tested it out and I'm very pleased
very happy so guys like sleep is just as
important as like exercise and eating
and drinking water really sleep is that
important
I know this because on the days I don't
get enough sleep I can tell the next day
and I am like grouchy mommy yeah super
important to your health it's something
that I've never been really good at it's
affected me more now that as I get older
like each year if I don't get a good
night's sleep
I definitely feel it more and so that's
that's one of our goals lately is just
to get better sleep we feel like we can
be better parents yeah we work harder
away but our life is just
ultimately everything is better I don't
get crabby but I'm just like I get
crabby I'm slower I should say when I'm
tired I'm cranky just like a toddler so
one of the features that I loved about
this bed I love technology it has a
sleep IQ technology there's an app that
it hooks up to and you can see how long
you're sleeping how deep your sleep is
it's like the technology is built into
the bed and it connects to your phone so
we've been checking that let me show you
actually it gives you scores on how
you're sleeping you can see the exact
times is just a graph comparing me and
Jen it's funny cuz like you can see some
of the night we've poor sleep it's
usually because the kids wake up or
something if that's not your thing
though I know a lot of people get
frustrated with apps and things like
that yeah that's just one extra feature
that I enjoy you also have a remote so
this is what I enjoy I like using the
remote because it's just it's so awesome
to like it shows you the number like the
firmness of your bed basically and you
can change it it goes up to a hundred so
mine and Sam's couples you don't have to
have your bed set to the same firmness
means am always cover but at a different
this is my usually different yeah Sam
does use a little more firm than mine
it's been going really really well some
days you just don't want to get a bit
because you're so comfortable the cool
part though is that we've loved this and
we're actually going to be able to give
a bed away to one of you guys we're
giving away a p5 queen mattress and you
guys can win it one of you guys is
actually going to win it here that is
watching this video right now so all I
have to do is click the link in the
description below enter your email and
find the closest Sleep Number store to
you come back to this video comment the
Sleep Number store that's closest to you
and why you want to win or why you
should win the bed like why do you want
it why do you want to sleep in the bed
so beautiful and luxurious as this post
there and one of you guys will
we'll be winning I think that's super
exciting I just want to thank Sleep
Number for actually doing that a lot of
the times like we get to try stuff you
guys see it but in this case one of you
is actually going to get one as well
besides the leaf got on a server
ah
this is
right now another window
hey this is it off you do that Wow I
know wha
you grip good pop a hug give up a hug
and be dead or a play for pupils me next
to this man she was trying for the last
like 30 minutes 3 4 5 go buy our bags
well okay
our kids are asleep here virtually all
fell asleep right before every time my
kids fell asleep in the car we try to
get him to sleep the whole time on the
airplane but just what happened oh I see
a sign
yes neither of you sign I'm home okay
Frankie good guy oh oh yeah go go get it
I wonder they can walk now okay would
you go come on pickle juice excuse this
is like round four of going around my
session I can watch oh are you the
high-end in there are you trying to hide
I'm black bean
PJ you got Tomatoes we're home
we made it no where are we Grammy's
house yeah and we're all already having
an amazing time it's always been my
mother's I won't say dream because this
happens all the time I think my mom's
favorite thing to do is to eat outside
I've never had like in the lawn I think
we did it once I remember maybe it was
maybe us before we got married which is
kind of crazy cuz I have most American
seven years but we usually sit on the
porch aney tonight we are in the lawn
eating dinner okay I'm gonna go grab
mine right now it's a little windy do
you want me to sit with me huh a little
windy later Roma are you loving this how
does it know what's on your cup we ain't
good tonight my best friend I thought
your finger good friend feels good to be
home
you happy to be here give me a Papa
really good dinner the guy know what me
my dad just what I'd like totally
elementary school where I grew up our
kendo kids ready for bed and my parents
are decided that they were going to put
us in their room I didn't say anything
it's way too nice but uh we do have a
lot of people really should I take this
thing out to Jimmy never it will be nice
though because we will have Noah on a
little bed right here we'll have a crib
set up right here a big bed
CJ's ready for sleep Vijay is ready for
bed Travel days are always a little bit
crazy and then I fell asleep and woke up
in the morning hi we're so excited to be
here though I think we might be going to
the zoo tomorrow not only wait well that
will be for the people watching the
video that'll be the next day super
excited though to be here with family
and all the memories are going to make
get so fun for the kids and Noah and his
birthday it's gonna be a good time I'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget to
enter the giveaway I can't wait for when
he guys doing here which money won drew
now it's right here me what
