okay playing and making MSU in Minnesota
we're headed to the park this morning
get some Wiggles out and this kid is
Ryan's bike and pedaling while standing
up
show me Noah for the trashman you did to
the freshmen show me your big boy riding
bike look at him take nothing better
like oh my goodness I don't know why I
think that's so cool he can do that
already
oh gosh that kid is that blood okay and
this is a princess
finally the shoes daddy bought fit
finding your little feet have gotten a
little more edge on them he'll see
lengthwise Holly won't fit in there very
long but at least finally widthwise just
think on her feet
that's the fun she loves you so much
because it's so sparkly she's loved
look this is they're happy to be wearing
then go to the park yeah they planted
flowers see this is the perfect summer
morning me got a blanket in the shade of
a big tree the kids playing yeah what'd
you get let's get a bucket in my you
traded that's fine you can trade well
this I can't help whenever I'm liking
the shade of a tree on a nice sunny day
I can't helped me back to one no was
brand new baby
Devin Salt Lake and I would just sit
outside and summertime lay him on a
blanket
yeah look at that how can you shake
those legs this is our view currently
make it out of you huh love you little
baby no would be here cool we just chill
under the tree because there's nothing
else to do because he was a baby but
yeah I think what that because I did
that like every day every day during the
summer after he was born totally outside
a blanket okay be careful I mean I like
this I like just sitting outside hanging
out while they play it's running so
there yesterday was only like 80 and
breezy and today is like it's only
coming for right now so inside and
breezy it's like this perfect summer day
nothing like a little a picnic day yeah
we're going to have a little chick-fil-a
picnic outside enjoy the sunshine it's
so nice today it's not too hot and just
celebrating before we go on our trip and
also this ate all the lunch meat and I
didn't want to buy more before we were
leaving for two weeks he said to me
proper ah a year ago from today the
Bulls traded Derrick Rose who's super
sad I love Derrick Rose when he was in
the Bulls you know the last year with
them wasn't that great but so many great
memories give me back what you say can
make that bad I got some bad news dude
Cantonese rapper yeah guess what the
Bulls traded him Noah's favorite player
Jimmy Butler Jimmy Butler won't his
words
Jimmy buffer Jimmy buffer nothing Jimmy
Jimmy Cooper I'm just read me and now he
got traded dude Kimmy Kimmy new game
he's on a new team he's not on the Bulls
anymore
my new team how do you feel about that I
want and you want them in the bowl so
you got traded to a different team on
the Bulls anymore a mystery to me popper
comics underworld now instant memory
shows that yeah
holy now let's go
ah
Oh
I guess the rebuild for the Bulls begins
now I have to go to some Sun games I
said I was gonna claim the Suns as my
Western Conference team since we're
gonna be moving out there and you know
bad time to rebuild the Warriors are so
good no one's gonna be able to beat them
for a while maybe some people challenge
them and beat them and not the Bulls so
hi yay
hey by Jimmy Butler by Henry blabbers
okay pain and make sure I miss you in my
balloon your soda can you see me can you
guys see me here's the deal Penelope
guess what we're going on a trip
did you know that well I'm not sure you
know where we're going
okay we're gonna go on a train at some
point maybe more full chains you're
lucky
am I going at least two trains Penelope
we're gonna go to the airport in the
morning and fly on an airplane are you
ready to go on the trip here you go sis
another you ready to go okay so when I
first set here I was just give them kind
of like you know
yeah generic uh-huh Penelope was going
this whole time do you film it no I
didn't go I can't something's happening
just don't expect that yeah I'm on
camera so cute ready to go
