ha and this is happening go go take a
nappy yes or no yeah yeah you are so
silly
all right Oh prepare please Oh
yo what's up homie ah guys when we move
we might not have any guns like toy guns
left they might make their way to the
donation center why do I have here a
little Danish Swedish baby are you
working in here this girl likes to mimic
everything we do so if I'm like typing
I'll set up another keyboard for her and
so just tight tight tight tight tight
super super super super fast oh now
you're making me tossing Wow
you do that a lot what are you saying
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah are you
baby - yeah yeah in less than a week we
got some agility here thank you yeah
trim those up what's up guys it's been a
minute I think lost what was last night
we posted wasn't the ramen challenge by
the way the ramen challenge I got a lot
of flack for that I did not add the
water on the package it says that a
little bit and then you're supposed to
stir-fry it well you don't yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah
but someone else added water you gotta
there's too much I will do it again I
will do it again if you really want me
to maybe I can get my dad to do it what
do you guys think let me know Jen was
actually out of town the day after we
came home with me and the kids
she left early on the money and she is
she's just an amazing parent I have a
hard time being alone with both kids and
vlogging a lot she does it all the time
so like I get I wouldn't take it
overwhelmed I didn't really record much
from that day because we had other stuff
but we do have other footage whoa whoa
whoa whoa we pack in so we bring that do
you think Papa will do it good morning
it's like 7:00 a.m. I'm not to take off
to this video shoot thing we'll see how
it goes
unfortunately I can't from anything like
literally can't from anything it's like
against my contract yeah big house
stinks
so good to get like a few clips back
state like Dancing's
but they say that you can't like to time
for a camera so if I can get a picture
of like my outfit trying to picture with
my phone but out if I'm about to show
you that I look a little crazy because
my hair's all insane everyone still
asleep
good luck Sam half of the kids say
unless you guys love you bye see you
later tonight
velasca Pugh saw we actually put the
kids to bed and I like passed out for a
little bit and then gentleman's a bit
pretty early and I went to pretty early
and now we're here but Jen is gone all
day today she's off she's like two and a
half hours away during the movie thing
today so should me so yeah you know I
put together this nice little breakfast
there's a little donut Cole waffle a
banana
we'll see if they like it watching Moana
since since good I got three guys going
on oh it's a little doughnut a doughnut
banana and waffle of course that's where
you guys went for first time getting
ready to go getting ready to move
opening getting a lot of packages for
knows birthday Oh TJ Penelope ah it's
not really the calm before the storm
it's like the storm before the bigger
storm it's crazy here's what's happening
packing for the house packing for a trip
and Chicago and New York and back to
Chicago Mike go straight from Chicago to
Arizona or back to Utah I'm in Arizona
finding a house
moving anything else you want to say we
got some packets left to you them yeah I
am me papa
who do you want to see you try it hey
Grammy Grammy if you're watching are you
dad whoa whoa
disappear what is this up here oh we got
rise goodness who's that found the
birthday present
oh it says Noah open the card no get
open this because then we're gonna get
it a town whose birthday is next week at
the fenelby whoa it's you how are you
turning well huh what's on there I read
ah ha ha ha ha I'm going to read it to
you it says happy birthday to everyone's
favorite hero I hope you have an amazing
time in Chicago can't wait you guys miss
Arizona love Monica and baby Hawks and
Krypto oh my goodness would you care it
oh wait to meet you laughing didn't you
want Star Wars Legos I hope that oh my
gosh what else did you get
Star Wars Jimmy oh my gosh look at this
dude another Star Wars shirt what do you
say no one's pretty tired when we open
up the present I feel bad buddy did you
like your present from them you wearing
it right now I got new hats got a new
strip dress didn't scare me which Jamie
Xena wins it way tonight the storm
trooper or the Darth Vader don't do it
yeah like oh I like wait'll I get back
to my house open my wiggle cheek or
teeth
get a popsicle we tried a new place in
town today
I need to get around the bus music is
like six seven times morning mm-hmm when
I'm sitting of a peanut yeah you know
it's so funny because we keep saying
like we're going to be done being busy
by then there's more to say looks really
really gone yeah we went and we're
leaving again
yeah we gotta get lots of them makes
next few days we're done something you
know to complete
yeah that's really good even I'm hoping
you like to make but it's like food from
different countries they like to lots of
stuff which is really fun that Argentine
empanadas I almost got and I got Indian
because there's nothing else good like
I'm on you gotta try to move and I might
hear phrases and I'm with no like eg got
quesadillas we sat down at this table
and know some um you have a good day
I said yeah I did have a great day
what I said no did you have a good day
yeah he had such a good day yeah yeah
careful
no PJ PJ hi pumpkin
generally a lot of first house it
would you get french fries are watching
the Roman challenge alright my Cuban
people out there if anyone's watching
it's just look like an authentic dish to
you because I've never been to Cuba this
is a rose comb for you let me know the
next Norman I don't even know I'm sayin
oh no Danis and this is happening I just
made my first two boxes guys it's making
it feel more real this girl is just she
wants to play in the bathroom so fast
she's a sick sadistic girl there as long
as she's not getting the freaking toilet
I'm I'll be happy with were you using
silly she's going to get hurt
oh boy I think my box is filled up where
are you is today I'm gonna start packing
stuff up we're not moving until August
but we're traveling for the next two and
a half weeks maybe more to nap week fish
and then in July will be going to
Arizona for a week to actually find a
place to live and then when we get back
we've gotta like pack up the house
literally and like within a few weeks
I'm going to pack up and just think that
word like that don't I don't need to
worry about anymore I am going to tackle
this toy closet and their privacy things
and bosses I'm going to get rid of a
bunch of stuff donate it to the local di
and the probably shouldn't have built a
trampoline before we move whatever and
yeah and then when we get back from our
trip things are going to happen so I
kind of just want to like start now and
not have to like feel so rushed and
stressed out in July this is a lot
harder thanks
some thing would be so difficult like
pack up toys but there's literally
there's like they're just police
everywhere that's a bag of like baby
toys that this whole box is like just
stuffed very difficult I ain't a
giveaway I need it I need it get rev
more stuff and just give away more stuff
I just don't know what no okay sorry
you're like here with me in my like
dilemma may be exactly tail salmon Noah
are currently at the store cook you she
is stop playing in the mud gross but
what am i worth ah don't eat the mud
Bucky oh I'm just trying to get out and
she just got more in her mouth ah yeah I
really want to get a new like toilet
organization thing shelving unit when we
move I like the little one we have I
want to leave it for like her toys like
stuff that's easier for her to get out
and put all of Noah's toys like like I
want like the big like a more like a
whim dresser thing that was like the
bins that you can pull out I think the
foam like bigger bins not some you know
you know I'm talking about I'm not even
worried are you mocking me hey are you
mocking me are you trying to be like mom
oh you are so silly
alright show you please ever gem so what
talk to me just once with me and yes or
no yeah did you have a good lunch
and did you had like your grilled cheese
oh oh do you like your girl cheese oh
did you have a good sandwich oh hey I
have another question for you are you
ready fearing that go go to your nappy
yes or no yeah yeah I won't go to
Gaddafi's haha
ah you're so smart are you a smart girl
are you a smart girl
yes or no are you a smart girl you say
yes I'm a smart girl
yes everyone's more predisposed to go
she is just a little ham like her
brother hey are you a ham me are you
silly
oh hi and okay would you get free with
your birthday money from Grandma oh my
word
can you say thank you grandma Zundel
what oh my goodness that's amazing
PJ no drugs you said hello hello oh my
gosh no joke her bear place Karen hello
say hello PJ head no oh what oh my
goodness babies look so grow up right
now say hello my baby can see I know I
am hello oh say hello says hello
uh-huh certainly could you not be find
stuff
no joke oh so cool I see you hi ah thank
you fine yeah yeah look who I found
how's it work out the best - no me and
then we honest like start work out
together darkness obviously one of them
yeah it'd be fun the recording room of
our workout - yes I see that
Oh God reborn I should the Stairmaster I
was saying there nothing makes me sweat
like a Stairmaster
which is crazy like I'm actually like I
was dripping sweat down my chest area
sweaty
thank you I went and watched baseball
Noah's Creek said I asked him if he
would practice with me and he said no
I'm not like why not is like because I
practice with the team you don't how did
you know that I'm like we're hearing
today that like it's time to like say
Nelson okay yeah not like that I'm
trying to force them to but you know cuz
you shine yeah we'll see what happens
huh you're nice and dirty you ready for
a bath No
did you have fun Oh what the heck
special been in straight - daehan's
P o box whoa guys don't finish me today
on speedo box you're notified that there
was something there and we went picked
it up if you send for me now it's not
going to get to us because I went and
checked it and he hasn't paid and it's
about to expire
very lucky but Alexis sent us something
predicting I don't to say but I bet
there's something in there
because she always what there's so many
things in here she sends the craziest
packages here you know my guess and I
feel that she's been asking for a while
I just got the key
Noah's been very the new parka
oh yeah there's a new park at Wrigley
Field okay which by the way I am L the
tub the my contact and she said she's
gonna guys passes to go on the field cuz
we're gonna game
oh yeah oh whoa wait what's that
Wow elected oh we got Rizzo's and then
okay David Ross I'm so happy because
they I wonder if they still have this I
wouldn't have room I my suitcase I got a
position office oh my god a pic I gotta
put this in the office what Jen was like
I know she's gonna be all right
these are our favorite thing we've ever
got the clothes well let me see let me
see this is for your PJ wait hold on
Noah hold on hold on oh oh oh so cute
okay fourth of July outfit oh and the PJ
masks a mess free this would be perfect
on the airplane bring that on the
airplane what'd you get oh she said you
would sure oh my goodness look I do you
love it do you love him Noah and a cart
for me what the right now okay so talk
about that real quick
Alexa surprised us and made of both of
Noah's first year of life and like you
have seen them in the ball almost every
picture from both of our days are just
incredible the time the thought it's
like no ceiling we didn't even look like
word captions so many pictures and I
like because I wanted to do that for my
kids but I just never trained as a
newbie it was she did everything so Noah
Alexis made you books for you and this
one's about Penelope
this is Penelope's first year I just
can't believe I just love the
coordination like Christmas you got the
black and white would you see how the
Boxing Day great vlog feather is you
know
- so she's Oh what uh the birthday card
this was me the one that sent me Bobby
oh my gosh
birthday card it's the biggest one yet I
think she is way tonight she said I make
29 looks like the new 25 House of the
park today I was like shocked a new
office decorations
left the start up a clip for a cheese
book hi it's so nice see you likes y'all
I knew it oh it's so cool don't open
these buddy okay
championship I know those aren't
doughnuts at cereal this is for
decoration though these go with my other
cereals and collectible things Mother's
Day card
oh my gosh see this is why this new box
like do you tell you this is
overwhelming it's way too nice I just I
just our hearts we can't take it and
when it before was nothing like over and
over and over and I was like many other
just like all way too nice so Alexis she
done it again sneaky sneaky
it's so cute very cute happy James so
yes in here we get newborn two one
look how little she was a baby so cream
I'm sorry but was her crazy cuz she just
in two months since return one she seems
so oh my gosh so much older already even
she's at that stage were like every
month like crazy
she was do you read in the book before
bed old trash truck book
what's crazier my teacup time I thought
are you reading us the book this is when
we got the bookstore kids loved books
oh look at even a buzz in there kissing
oh thank you so much Alexis we really
appreciate it
you're so kind thank you so much yeah
thanks a wall skin my right
did someone just - not a phantom tooth
in this absolutely alright guys that's
it for today you guys you saw a lot of
random thing feet together
I got my spicy got my spicy beets over
here I love my life
let me get this to you tomorrow
let me see it let me see it show me your
pictures ah beautiful job boys now say
cheese
I've got to get all the footage of you
two together while I can
