this is beautiful are you dejected
a gordita low Quito yes I'm fine horny
bunnies ooh yeah okay so you want to
chat early before
good morning where are we know us oh
we're at the pool for rikers birthday
party celebration yeah scroll one real
fun your Aquatic Center is like inside
and outside they have ice walls that
let's go up rolling I want to go to the
swimming pool I thought its outdoor so I
put her long sleep somewhere on but it
is indoor oh wow the water's nice and
cool huh let me to come with is my party
21 he does those places especially
actually kind of insane
Oh
we're here at the coolest waterpark in
all of the country right what are we
going to do always plug
oh he's plug always plug you know
something plus we're seen window itself
thank you thank you probably had crappy
airway and American flags okay I'm gonna
be sore tomorrow
we help me your help come it might be
government I got inspected it's not
specified yeah my kids yeah Oh project
crushing danger also move this is why is
so special what would be its pain
tolerance is like a three skinny you
going to town J see anyone would town
this morning that's already
Glendora California buy-one-get-one-free
trying to relax yeah he's not so much as
yeah
already I cracked before you can move
fry than dinner forgot it again oh yeah
how's a good one oh no sorry relax oh my
never crack oh I just gave her debris
and hey ha ha ha
fire I missed the reaction so mean and
he did we go lucky we told him not hello
we're like no don't do it don't do it
hot and you just did it he kept going
right button yo the hottest I see he's
cured up oh wow jet spaghetti now she
turns don't know is that you will just
don't stop eating little lady you look
at a break your different pieces you
guys are just chillin croquet
oh look at this cuddle my dad was
stepping on Rachel and no it was like no
grandpa don't do that don't do that
that's Rachel that's right he was trying
to stick up for Rache you never stop
eating
Grossberg sleeping until 19 all day long
are you hiding are you hiding in ellaby
where CJ yep one day trip fun day yeah
that Pizza good yeah
do you like the spaghetti to know as
much as the pizza Noah be nice is a baby
and he's okay listen I wish I got that
reaction help I speak like it the only
good news know who's behind it no don't
feel his food now he's gotta get a full
plate of the beginning supposed to pick
a pet Hector I put the picture on
Instagram astray of my family all
drinking Marseille together Marseille is
the drinks that my family drinks like
South American pretty thinking about
like what that is oh really it's like
from what they grind it from a tree I
believe because when I Prasad like are
you doing drugs like the bag yeah the
only gets P is not T it's something
completely different I guess it's kind
of is it's herbal though yeah way she
what do you get people this is my
grandma's board it's like over 20 years
old I have been thinking out of this
gourd since
I was in like elementary I swept winners
since I was 6 years old probably like
little little little drinking out of the
same cup crazy like dirt people think it
tastes like dirt
I grew up on it tastes amazing to me
literally my parents put my fate in our
bottles and yeah we just loved it but
this is my favorite to drink it just
tastes the best
my grandma's ma say and my dad's MOT
they are just the best mod say like I
can't make it like them it's tuition to
like when you were three Emily's upgrade
for us you take turns like a spring
takes a turn having a drink from the
mont de accord huh what is it what grind
tree ground tree what's messy okay
Bolivia in South America was an epic
assay Emunah okay too much Felicia in
behind a bush and they pick it up okay
is that Edie not something versus mm-hmm
- in this short life eating that teeny
teeny leaves it they wash their Indumati
in they forge aromatic I don't know what
now
after that they start thinking they
visited in Saudi Arabia geometry very
rich in minerals they don't have thin
house if you add a different story but
we don't not mm-hmm I shan't I don't but
as if sometimes they do differ Allah Oh
add caffeine we don't carry no wisdom
now a long time ago in the 50s they
Church analyzed that try to stick it out
that can't be right okay and they they
study the dishes is beautiful it's
nothing but it isn't as nothing but it's
beautiful hefty in the grammar can be 90
- annihilation
say everyday her entire life she's in
London every single different day my dad
leaving bought - every day every time
one with my family we drink must I heard
are you pissed
she is like a thief yes they have the
tea bag time to that but it is not tea
unless you buy the caffeinated version
of Monty now and they might be you can
add lemon honey
uh-huh or brown sugar is good or white
sugar even as good in it each mole 50
because NIMBY milk my daddy said milk to
it I didn't liked with milk I just like
it was sugar yeah too bad like this hmm
you piece is my heaven today I just milk
if you don't one right I don't like 19
as nip now you can prepare a piece with
in the refrigerator make a cold into
indeed Sam likes it cold you guys the
drinks called the red book the Brazilian
kind the Mafia drinks at standby to the
Brazilian Carnaval de tomate de you have
to import from Argentina these don't do
series no so make it anymore huh white
bad we're glad you can buy an initial in
the Mexicans
Gracie another saw a shadow it's an
indicator which is shutting port for it
but in an event history lesson on my
face with yours truly
yeah dismissal lady fell asleep in her
stroller she was ready for bed but it's
only seven o'clock
oh yeah like a 45-minute nap because I
moved to LA it's the best thing that
burned your tongue ribbon hey I'm good
then check seed it and put away my
welcome I'm good no occasion anyone I
pulled it down and I'm going to see a TJ
with double slip see if she likes it
quick
anytime we had a tummy ache and from
anything we have nothing just either
soothe it or help you get rid of a
wooden your sign oh I close out did you
like it if you turn to figure out if you
don't if you don't like this if I want
to know more about mati they can go to
the Internet
put geomatic and they will explain it's
pretty sick there you go Google and
people must not be very yeah indeed
think I might get a finger and a key big
Python doesn't like it let's make it any
more sugar no bueno
say goodbye to your granddaughter no
shame in a bed no shame in a bellow we
buy my you're gonna see you for a while
by below time I'm a Boston say
night-night og9 iog nice yeah no no no
Matthew Tommy Layne a tiger
wrong what you mean look your hair it
looks beautiful look at my hair my
grandparents are weaving so really early
for morning services goodbye adios
everyone in the comments as they wish
they had you as their grandma to say is
all the people that watch full they want
you to be their grandma they say that
what I do really love you okay sorry
it's the battery ran out of face museum
look II got one head done I will and
keep saying that he might not be here
next year yeah my grandpa had the
surgery summer case today
he'll come out homie down guys I think
fellows gonna cry I'll see you before
then I seen him eating I love you you're
welcome one and done you're not gonna be
so dull I stopped calling him at happy
Father's Day love you guys kids love you
love you I love you love you junkie
never tell people my nickname
gordito loafers very touchy gordita
Lapita this question yes sometimes only
when you do we all right so you want to
chat with me before dinner okay what
about me maybe above you please set your
little tiny nibble click it look at that
you were to click it look it was just
look at again no double your throat away
peer pressure just like to come in like
that not to come here for today I do not
become scared look at dad like it how
are you hey come on dad looking that
just follow me okay okay
soon is Ralph Sampson is oh okay
