another thing looks like I have three
children right now and that would look
like another style
good morning sweet world look ahead
because this baby cows the back of this
truck go back from I'm just gonna
embrace those cute they are right now
thank you
don't pull out they're all strapped up
so are we going hi what's up hi oh my
goodness bean cake tonight the air hey
Noah who's older Penelope or Ryker yeah
yes so yes we are currently in the car
driving down to my brother's house my
dad and grandparents arrived this
evening as well and my mom is sister
come tomorrow and so it's really fun
it's really excited today's actually
records birthday we FaceTime them this
morning I got to sing happy birthday and
watch Woking from the present and then
on Saturday we're having a natural
system party-hardy form which is fine
because Noah had a cool party for his
first birthday
that's already the faces last four hours
well momently del hey how big is
Penelope
don't be I'm just having a car for five
hours seven half maybe actually wasn't
that bad the kids you know get the kids
you know there's no way to sugarcoat it
our kids are back here reading books and
no I do not read know yet okay I'm just
to computation you take a good nap
though yeah okay yeah oh what's weird is
that I was looking at these decorations
on FaceTime today we just go to back
yeah hey my family just got here
one more time on TV because you wanted a
bad option 3 September I sleep for a new
key really one two three
oh god help you oh hello happy birthday
to you happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear Ryker
happy birthday what have done okay good
job defense thank you
favorite birthday for business try to
persuade Katie Oh Hollywood things that
for you can do it good is it a heart
cake wearing as I do I just wonder
whipped cream
oh my bud you got this it's not fidget
he's going go grab you like you always
do your food literally the day you do it
you don't there you go that's another
eye cream does that for you mister she's
like I want attention
thank you oh girl what are you doing
right you're come on dude
whoa get some help for Mom
Happy's gonna do there you go a little
bulldog bake another cake or even know
my be crazy again come on I missed it
dang it that's literally what he was
doing to Kim still up
really really mad I'm gonna eat my cake
chillin
this is like the chozo baby in his day
so cute DJ how's your George go how do
the good be good how's yours buddy
what can I screams you get pink brown
and white a Neapolitan yeah bread this
number Oh mommy - can we got presents
from you super much okay guys
Micro Panetta buddies your present
writers he says love open it up I know
you got a guy here you Jo come okay okay
police open up
help him out cut there you go teamwork
home oh the dream for you oh my kids
just like this and how you do it
yeah buddy like this look at that
yeah I do train yeah record where you
got more mister mister little crabby no
I was yeah but we need that mic without
the vehicle bunnelby perfect other girl
hey to be on to the army oh oh oh oh
look at the magic question that is
really key also men oh yeah absolutely
you can plus keeping press this could be
another thing looks like I have three
children right now and that was going to
look like another style even though even
albeit so close in age and it still
looks like a baby it's ABS arms locos
all right I thinking when you can though
to you Oh God
soft DJ Whoo people should I grab my
eggs come in knowing you give us the
Twitty Luke you
PJP hi all right what a married one
twins i oh my god they look like
siblings more than they do they do
I've always thought that me get it was
like oh please what any was that was me
good thank you and hello here is Bella
who are we letting a stay up late to see
grandpa yeah she took a late nap so he's
not really tired yet
are you the fella 9,000 around the
street yeah miss me can you see Sam dad
turn your brace off no keep driving this
isn't where you stop keep driving turn
here turn here going well with this way
dad locate that I know you've been
waiting for you guys I'm so excited so
excited
Balaji 10gbps or nada
dad bellow and David have the same
wardrobe style I love it you came ready
to party Bello look at that party shirt
are you sure
maybe they're sleeping though eight
three years
they're here it took dad forever get
your own home there's no light on the
street died
you just wasn't working oh there's some
night okay can you live you I like your
outfit I like your pants my friend I
like your pants or cute guy yes yeah I
like your outfit this is what nothing to
do now pending a moment about a weasel
you go get everything laid that
additional box Amica and man Haley
position listening to the Portuguese
edition for all you Brazilians out there
a couple months back at a little little
princess
PJ's birthday I said like one sentence
and I was like wow I keep taking a
cookie I will speak right now whoa whoa
follicles brassiere arrows
ebrill it is customary in Brazil El
Morya lapa doce No
in florianópolis it was a battalion
would be passe for some powerful team
campaign 1910 cantata modulus e non
social commerce uh so Kalki goes to the
video games where was Jesus voice is
rigidity so I don't think we can what
this area as idiot put below average
week as hideous man year and a weapon
juice puzzle in Brazil five slash key
clacking based on skill still a he
nothing mask you who follow myself yeah
I spared once Flaminia was one day in
Portuguese Robin my LP commando ball
also bulky me me Amulya miss poses a
success a and below a ball cake or bolo
he countenance attack me a bomb a
postpartum espressos G do not desk le
ruthless copious blood Travelers Rest
promising Oh sent vicious esta a scene e
tu mami Bujji Tocantins
imagine sabado gone Ponte las nubes
suga's audio pasé por el pase pase el
pase port Colonel Nunez sea Colossus non
cuatro meses passe in
captivity by Sioux City pet chimpanzee
to borrow a the poise pass a poor
piscina energy florianópolis in kyoka
bodies knowledge a Tavares the poise of
flip bajalia tonneau not tan Acosta II
to direct a time bank the post
pathologies came lashes they tell me
something to bottom the guy I watched a
movie that was brilliant
Porter and handsome man which one was it
bought took like a lychee yet another
one I watched that it was a cypher good
guys don't do this she was a beauty
blogger and he was a gamer and I fell in
love huh
so all my Brazilians out there on my
mission I was always like because I
thought I was going to be acted with my
brother Andrew and he's have a good
night right now and I told all my
Brazilian friends that I made out there
that I was going to come back to Brazil
after my mission and be an actor and I
wanted to be on my left zone I want to
be on that show I wanted to come
audition and act but I did wrong my left
sound yeah it's like yeah it's just a
famous TV show down in Brazil like it's
they've had tons of seasons and money I
found we'd like to work out it's like my
Fiat CI it's just just a show it's like
a teen show up there I don't know a lot
of people watch it I liked it blond boys
out here good now we've had a great
first day with the family and we're
gonna go and see what wake up tomorrow
and have a great day hey the goat you're
so much ok don't know that no um but yes
we're going to go to bed and we're going
to wake up tomorrow my mama sister get
into town sometime in the morning I
think they're leaving early mm-hmm ooh
pancake is you see okay and then we're
gonna have a
lucky day huh yeah how's the family
tomorrow's a surprise clip go so Matt
was in the military I learned this from
watching don't you do it
cut shot shoot that is bad
