Misha called off the roof you baby
big girl Wow
missus good morning sweet world I'm
wearing the same thing that I wore last
time then you saw me and I just woke up
like an hour ago because I live till
6:30 that's gonna grin on a project and
I slept in till noon which I still only
got like five and a half hours of sleep
so the units would mean that was nice
stuff thanks for letting me sit and I
was working on this all day all night
but I really like how it turned out so
that's a really good yeah really cool
today's uh gloomy outside again what the
heck is this I'm not this one summer
some people as snow I don't remember
summer ever being like this a lot look
like it's just weird for Utah it was
just wet and ghosts usually not like
this I'm so cold oh it's like 50 degrees
40 something so weird reading it's June
mid-june minions we have to whisper Cass
PJ sleeping it's funny cuz we're just
getting used to the heat like when it
was 60 the other day it kind of felt
cold that's like this is what's gonna be
like when we move you know when it's
1760 like my friends my friends are
livid I get cold we need a jacket look
like it's so nice so your family in
California other like it's cold
Mike what are you talking about 70
degrees my stepmom boys are down a down
cope North face when it's like sixty
degrees out and what's one you think
generally goes toward me so what are you
gonna be you are on your face are you
gonna get a face tattoo let's go this
time let's do the grocery circular daddy
there we go are you watering we
interrupt this vlog I'm editing right
now and I know this that where the clips
are correct the first time that's ever
happened the vlog might seem kind of
like all over the place
I wanna we're almost at our location yes
we've been in the car they got were like
okay you guys let's do the throw I went
on a hike with so young men in my church
and Jen cuts and elfies hair without me
knowing and I he was the other kind from
the livestream clapping I think it's
cute I think it's you but we don't have
any of that footage that's really sad I
was really excited to see it so it
happens here's the rest of luck I wanted
a hike and then we did dude perfect
let's go
moments later it was just kinda we kids
took about an hour like 5,000 steps
check out the scene
I'm not a video blogger Google good know
what come on outside your neighbor
having a full-on conversation when she's
like well the whole book is elbow cute
Google
Noah's making a trick video doing slam
dunk baby stretch for photos what are
you doing chanting photos yeah we're
going to make a dude perfect video in
the next minute and the next minute
we're making a dude perfect video all I
dyed my hair everyone and I got a new
brow product that's really cool guy show
you guys go meet your breath from your
brows I'll show you my brows can I do
your makeup
please tonight that'd be so funny I
wanna do your brows can do your brows
come on maybe so funny let me do your
makeup just my eyebrows okay my eyebrows
pills okay
actually no I don't waste my product on
your eyes before eyebrows so much - okay
what do you say kind words over here the
only way I do anything says kids kind
words first watch mom slam dunk that was
embarrassing
tomorrow we're actually heading down to
my brother's house for Rikers first
birthday and we're totally we're not
some time when we've yet either in the
morning or at night can't decide but
ours is actual birthday so it would be
fun to be there to the barking smashes
cake Oh we'll see having fun no way you
find no no sandals
yeah tell me baby this is so funny what
look at us together blonde and brown
opposite all right it's time for the
dude perfect the shot called off the
house baby
you like my time with the shadows come
up say dude perfect okay
oh my gosh Exe when it pretty good shot
I know get ready called over the Hat no
seriously
oh gosh no way you're gonna get this in
nah okay
all rights over the house is coming
later then they were kind of really eye
shadow
telling me spin put even grip yes this
closet Noah I say guys up Long John the
Long John oh good
what is he doing oh this is : challenge
okay oh I seriously love that most
trampolines nowadays have these net
things on them because he literally ran
into that net like 10 times already
would have liked falling on his face on
the grass AGGA blag blag blag new black
back back this one looking I'm looking
at an hour back irakoze you guys
tomorrow Rikers birthday party family
weekend
are we almost there I was at Roma bed
let me I always loved zubir not
everybody's in the car maybe we're all
together some movies eating snacks long
car ride let's go baby let's do that
dang we'll see you tomorrow
