30 people here says I'm gonna laugh but
there's already people it says I'm going
laughs but the hour deeply a wizza
oh no wants an apple all right I'm a
certain I'm starting in here gonna wait
till a couple people are here we are
live live on YouTube can you guys hear
me
give me a dry it first sorry I didn't
mean for it to be I get no an apple if
after all these years what were you
saying I missed the first part if after
all these years you'd like to meet after
all yeah I hear us you guys hear
yourselves Caitlyn
Justine ninya is og right there Lizzy
hello I'm gonna take you guys outside in
a second oh man my allergies have been
so bad today what happened here this is
a how do I flip the camera okay oh
there's the button anyways yeah this is
bigger that's alright I pick up the
grill everything falls out looks like
there's some mayhem going on over here
okay I'm gonna clean that up in a minute
yeah I got bad allergies right now I can
like really feel it I'm going to see you
guys outside in a second last night I
went for a hike I've walked a little bit
above that you guys will see that
tomorrow umm and then while I was gone I
didn't know it I actually didn't know
until I woke up this morning in Penelope
woke up Jen cut Penelope's hair and I
think she did it with just like regular
scissors I'm gonna just take a guess I
haven't seen the footage I'll be posting
it tomorrow don't go outside if you have
allergies it's kind of
phone phone froze for a second there I'm
back I'm back guys don't worry I think
wait
is this still the same live stream are
we still there Arisa later yes hold on
are we still good we're still good
okay I don't know what happened there
anyways oh I think she I'm guessing she
used these did you use these scissors to
cut her hair so the woods are gray like
this but just less sticky probably of it
those have probably been used for some
otter pops so I woke up isn't Penelope
woke up I was like wait she looks
different
he got a haircut you did I noticed
immediately
Jen's gotta stop cutting hair oh wait
we're doing tricks right now whoa okay
Wow Oh some trick
all right so shall we reveal the hair
here we go people
hopefully my wife is still good bare
feet stepping over oh she's moving she's
moving she's hey I went a little too
short
I try to toe it's a polka
I actually love it and we still
connected was just a short little trip I
can't get a good angle I don't want to
go too close to the street I don't want
to lose Wi-Fi she needs to move over did
your spell let me try and get a better
angle it reminds me of my sister when
she was younger did you let me see you
here let's see the back
yes gonna see it's kind of hard to tell
kind of hard to tell I think you can
tell better in the thumbnail I used for
this
oh my allergies are so bad I'm bad
Oh had to sneeze she looks like Pippa oh
she looks like my niece's ah here we go
now she's looking up hey I like your
hair and your feet your feet are
probably hot - we got my shoes on girl
kind of is yes because she go ride bikes
it's bad in southern Utah - the
allergies are no joke Jen should go to
the Olympics for toy car tricks
oh I'd pick up PJ right now and get you
guys a better look but oh it's windy
oh no no ah would you come this way let
me step back inside for a second sorry
it's a windy are we still connected oh
man
it's always in May and June like look at
my eyes right now they're like swollen
and it just like happened because I just
I went outside had to go somewhere I was
fine and then I went outside a little
car trip with a Nelson they're swollen I
need to get some was I called Claire
didn't know something like that what
state we live in we live in Utah we're
moving to Arizona Dedra what's up I'm
high I am NOT high my sister is going to
college in Arizona oh that's sweet keep
the scissors away from Noah other
they're like highest part of up there
yeah
still sponsored by adidas I wish hey let
me go PJ I'm just trying not to get like
addresses or anything so sorry hello
hello everybody how's life life is great
steena rocks probably are so cute thanks
guys I'm a professional hairstylist now
actually when I was cutting it I did
like one big snip to like oh she's not
want to go down this step okay baby
let's see she's like I know oh there you
guys go look how cute she is
it's too short but it's fine it's fine
for the summer hey PJ and now that's a
watermelon on the house
guys look how cute that is oh my gosh
hey let's see you're here today
I'll see how you I actually finally
found gel that works for his thick hair
yeah I got this liquid got to be glue it
is like so it's like literal glue he
hates it but oh I asked you dad hey I
love your haircut say hello I got new
bike hey did you speak Spanish yeah look
what do you know in Spanish Oh hola
say hola say hola me amigos
so give away good is that okay gosh oh
and don't you allow me guys uh Noah
doesn't know any Spanish yet I'm working
on it guys I'm working on I'm trying to
make it fun like I always do my uh no
baby no a Spanish voice uh how that
happened I guess I don't know how did
that happen guys I'm just cleaning all
day how does it happen anyways not me my
accent oh no it tipped over and I picked
it up and they fill out laws on here Oh
see what's up Ian you know say I opened
it yeah it was my fault here's one psych
the gen for a second I'm going to talk
to Jen for a sec we go Jenny this is
what happens this little little turd
burglar let's make some food for
everybody
sigh so throwing me everywhere you guys
Laurel well people who do their eyebrows
out there I tried something new today
they're a little dark but it's like this
like powder wand
hey no don't throw toys dude this kid
right now monster baby hey hey no no
don't don't don't go go outside he's
literally driving me nuts today actually
it's been driving me nuts for like two
weeks straight
yo yo yo no everyone sing hard I'm the
one picking up everything always weighs
half the time we threaten to throw
North's toys which I helped pick things
up because he won't unless I drop this
all the way but you can bet your bottom
dollar that my throw away half the junk
in that toy closet actually and donate
it try to be glued wait oh yeah anyways
so the eyebrows thing I saw it at
rite-aid it's a L'Oreal product or
Maybelline I'm not sure but it's like a
tube like it looks like it would be like
eyebrow gel
but like an eyebrow kind of like an
eyebrow applicator but you put the
powder in your brows and the powder like
on the applicator already it's very
weird to explain but it's really cool
and it may do my eyebrows so fast
how's your teeth so white guys that's
just the lighting my teeth look white
cuz the lighting but I did get whiten
them in high school
Raza I don't know why he's crying what's
wrong you follow your bum real-life guys
okay see you go just go potty
yeah okay hi mom Hey oh geez here say hi
oh gee say hi oh gee okay oh gee this
kid right now this is what no nap is oh
my word so let's see where we get okay
comes BJ um
terrible terrible twos whoever they say
I love when people are like terrible
twos and then it just they're like no no
actually then there's three and it gets
worse and then there's four and it gets
worse and I was being so rude
yes yes is uh we got to put the stopper
back on anyways the thing uh Savage oh I
look so good oh thank you Mikayla I know
you're talking to Jen three n'ajjer yeah
Oh guys it's winner three nature since
he was nine months old there we have it
that one's old
I don't think Noah could always talk
like that anyways um tomorrow we are
going it's called being a three nature I
like that I'm gonna start using that
tomorrow we're going to see Jen's family
I think set tomorrow place Wednesday
tomorrow Thursday
I was getting in trouble and we're
driving there and then we're gonna do
the ramen challenge tomorrow turned out
tomorrow Friday or Saturday I think see
this so this is the spicy spicy this is
the extra spicy two times spicy I've
been getting like people been telling me
that some people are like it's super
spicy other people are saying it's just
like somewhat spicy will actually see
soon but that's where we're planning and
yeah Suns back out feeling good I'm
scared for you my tongue burns just
thinking about it
future no so good
here's the bath hey don't look too
closely and it looks fine I think he's
cute
happy birthday Nicole M oh are you
talking can you sing
no Oh how's David Davis good he's been
working a lot you may have a girlfriend
or not coconut head she does like how
bad is that I'm coming I know who that
is
that's the classified yeah you posted
means of him oh yeah brown hair oh you
coconut you're blonde coconut head yeah
hey this is the shirt that was with ice
cream yeah and I got a nice OC it was
clean but now it's no no I have to eat
the watermelon out oh okay you guys it's
a horse it's a hard line to balance like
no nap goes to bed
now stays up late it's like what you do
I'm for a nap cuz then he behaves that's
right so late
I'm from behavior what part of Arizona
are we moving to Phoenix area someone
said that if you don't let it touch your
lips that looks like a yep something
else to say with that so yeah don't let
it touch your lips cut the easiest on
the 24th that's the zebras right again I
already got two pairs of those the first
time but I sold both of them so resell
it was just insane what's poppin stayed
up late for this in the UK Thank You
Phoebe I was loving into your comments
in her name because it reminds me of my
niece whose nickname kind of is Phoebe
I have probably I didn't know I've
common that commented that to you before
if you could visit any country in the
world where would it be for me right now
it would be I think it'd be Japan or
Korea I told you that before I said I
think it'd be super interesting more
interesting to me to go to a an Asian
country and then uh any rocks forego the
alien Greece yeah thank you lame
Portugal that'd be plenty are you Jake
Pollard's as Sam is a fun whatever
you're the one that watches all the way
I don't want everybody's not a few
hi Brooke Jenna always knows what's gone
above it am I gonna are we gonna visit
my sister and nieces yeah remembers
everyone we're gonna be gone sorry I'm
like so I'm spiking up the comments
we're gonna be gone for a long time two
weeks will be like here and then gone
and then here in the gun and then here
and they got what's up jasmine what's up
love from chai city
so anyways um I just wanted to do live
stream hey your mom says your brows look
great gosh got hit walk it there got a
naked man yeah they look good it's funny
Jen was like I noticed that they're
different I was like oh your eyebrows
they look great she's like I'm sorry I
know
terrible I was like what I just told you
they look good
girls women 13 seasons why Jen seen it
Tim Horton's
is at the Canadian restaurant I've never
had it
shout outs all the dentistry students
out there
how big is no rap and pop Anderson her
brows always look good yeah Father's Day
plans I think will be I guess well not
really cause like will barely have to
drive anywhere so so we're heading there
this weekend to be at rikers first
birthday party and then on Monday jen
has her little movie thing she got
selected to be in the movie as an extra
she had to fill out all his paperwork
and then there was a there's an option
for insurance there and I was like yo
can we get insurance for like a one-day
appearance that'd be sweet we have
insurance but we pay a ton for it cuz we
don't work for necessarily anyone so
guys I also dyed my hair dark brown it
mostly just looks like my natural color
though hey look at Hattie's outside
she's riding her bike we didn't watch
the Tonys but it looks fun pj is one
yeah pj turn one advice on cramming for
finals uh
get sleep sometimes i cram and then I'm
too tired to really remember stuff so
cram but also you know kind of stay
rested because I feel like sometimes
when you're tired taking a final it's it
just worse even if you did study don't
move the Phoenix it's so hot out here
it's funny there's some people that have
lived there and they're like it's
terrible are are thinking with that is
that like we are always gone during the
summer and usually for a month or even
two at a time and with the like YouTube
conventions we haven't missed our
YouTube convention in over a year
we'll be at CVX live but we'll just like
plan on being at that stuff you know
like
kind of being gone during the hottest
times and then having visitors during
the cooler that's the plan you know like
we'll see what happens right maybe you
wouldn't like it I'm just ready to go
yeah we're so ready to go someone
commented the other day our yesterday
they're like y'all y'all need to change
things up like what logs and stuff
contact and I was like yo we're just
like so ready to leave you know there's
not much going on right now except
parenting actually this has been the
I've said this on the vlogs the biggest
month ever for us I think financially
like it's been huge which is so big
especially like with moving because
moving is expensive so changing states
away yeah and the cool part is though is
uh I got an email today hi Amy
sorry I'm just talking right now I got
we're just talking I like hanging out
with you guys life it makes it feel more
real um sorry okay I got an email from
someone today one of the companies I did
it for and they oh hello what's up
helmet gang you guys riding your bikes
go right around hey no what did you
sitter I have no idea
you wanna ride with him or I can write
at them you can end this um what was I
saying oh yeah I got an email they said
it's a company that I've worked with so
much they're like the middleman between
you and other companies okay so like I
work around the Google store video and
then they set it up they said this was
one of the best production video
whatever that we've ever had and we're
gonna use it to show other brands going
forward as like an example for of the
Google influencers yeah I just got that
email I was like that's so cool so I uh
this guy works really hard no we've just
had a lot of stuff like that people
realize how much goes into like and you
know shot me yeah what's up Kristen
Rowan Doug Gianna's uh and then the next
little Instagram video
I made that I I know some people are
like sick of them and this has been a
crazy month but I'm so excited for you
guys to see it
we filmed 50 minutes for a minute
Instagram and I uh I watched the actual
product like their video for it and I
think ours the better oh right that
awesome I just loved it so yeah it's
been a busy week and every month and I
apologize for that guys but I know I've
talked about it a lot but that's because
I've been like staying up so late
working on that stuff and it's been good
are you gonna visit day Hounsou no we
need to visit Dan I just texted him
literally about 20 to 20 minutes ago so
Jim or the first SLC Meetup I was the
girl that Sam made fun of I made fun of
someone what you want some water I hope
you got my apology they sent an apology
honestly guys like we're just chilling
right now I don't even know if I keep
this up on the channel but we chilling I
really don't get that offended by people
sometimes I respond back because I'm
like yo okay if you're gonna respond to
me like that like I'm to respond back he
thirsty it's a girl um but anyways like
when people criticize like our parenting
and things like that I'm like man have
you seen like America have you seen the
way some people treat their kids or or
like the time they even spend with them
like I spent some we spent so much time
with our kids and a lot of that is
because we do YouTube but I just like I
don't get rattled by that because I'm
like we put in our RL
you know like I love my kids so much
maybe I don't we don't always make the
best decisions because we're new at
parenting but like every kids different
and that's just how it is you know like
it's a learning experience I feel like
Jenna and I have grown more over the
past three years then let's see how long
we've been married seven years like
easily more over the third past three
years than we did the first four years
of marriage you know just because you
like learn so much and then adding
another kid is like insane you know
especially when you're trying to like do
things work from home or whatever
sometimes it like it's a huge blessing
but uh kids are kids you know I'm like
we don't ever force our kids to do
anything or like be a part of anything
so anyways is it cheaper or more
expensive in Arizona I'd say it's about
the same um to live here and it's
actually really really cheap compared to
other places uh I don't know what like
the America like the average in the
United States is so maybe it's just
normal do you want a water bottle Haddie
do you want a water bottle I'll get you
honey won't you just wait there I'll
grab you one okay
sorry again is chattin will you hold
this room just hold it for me take pay
you're taking a picture here you go the
cat there you go
tell your friend Noah so uh anyways
Noah's girlfriend you know II got a
covergirl Fred that's all I gotta say
that kid uh we usually don't put like a
lot of the kids in the and the vlogs and
stuff because um I think it's like weird
to put like kids I mean unless we like
talk to their parents and stuff you know
so what's on feet nothing yeah I'm very
figuring out I don't even like I don't
like feet I was wearing a nmds I'm a
truck driver away from my kids a lot I
wish I had the flexibility like you to
yeah I mean it's something I definitely
don't take for granted even like when
I'm gone for the day which is not that
often you know I'm just like wow like we
definitely have a incredible situation
that were able to like co-parent so much
you know a lot of times like my dad was
great he was at all my sporting events
and activities and always there for me
but like my mom practically raised us
right so it's kind of interesting I
wonder if that's also why like if that
will affect the kids and like they
almost got like more attention sometimes
so like riding bikes and different
things like that show the kids on their
bikes sorry have just been chillin um
let's see
we got the whole crew here you guys
gonna go ride bikes
I want to go ride bike Oh
watermelon down way she sold us know
who's on the road hey hey hey you need a
beer
hey hey the bay sorry I don't mean about
it but boy you guys are just me speaking
espanol hola que tal soy el chico de tus
fantasy yeah
desaad knows going to he's going down
the street just to other neighbors hey
uh hey I'm okay the kids are good about
safety though with the like riding in
the street luckily we're not a very busy
street there's not a lot of cars that
drive through here but Noah so good at
always looking around when reading as
soon as even sees one that could be
remotely like backing out or anything
straight to the sidewalk if he is in the
street I like being in a neighborhood
like this because like they can write in
the street because the sidewalk here
just kind of stinks you know you guys
should have twins October 2018 your
voice changes we need to be expand
--is-- I
I can move anywhere I moved to where my
family is why aren't you moving where
you have family well yeah like we talked
about that a lot um there's not like a
central location I mean guess California
but we feel like we're moving closer to
California by moving to Arizona cuz
we'll be like six hours away so that
become that turns it into like a
drivable manageable trip you know it's
still like a nap you got to make an
effort to make that drive but my parents
live about six hours from my sister in
Kentucky and they'll ice weather
together all the time so I've talked to
all my siblings I'm like yo were you
guys gonna live and my sisters like I'm
never leaving New York
my other sister her husband's about to
be doing residency in Kentucky so
they're going to be there there was a
possibility that we're going to come to
Utah and if they had and they had been
in Salt Lake we probably really would
have considered moving there let my
other sisters in New Mexico which is
about five or six hours away and they
don't know where they're gonna be it
because he's studying to get his PhD so
we kind of uh made it a thing that like
we just want to like focus on ourselves
you know and like over we want to go
it's always fun to like I really wish we
lived closer to family but it's fun to
visit you know like the the trips when
we're together or even more special that
makes any sense
as long as we're happy together yeah I
mean we've been through a lot
oh here's my neighbor
okay oh yeah yeah balle balle balle will
rent it first probably unless we find a
house that we love
well like okay you know turn up a data
day what's up Alexa any initial
international trips we always said we
would buy a house before we go anywhere
in an internationally but we are saving
to try and go to Europe I think next
year there's a temple dedication in Rome
and my sister wants to go and I'm
turning in my parents I'm cringing
why are you cringing badly uh let's see
we've been living here for like 30
minutes
I wish your sister Chrystie with vlog
more yeah well we'll give we'll get
updates when we're there we're gonna be
there soon like really soon in less than
a month she's really been focused on her
knitting channel like she's she likes
vlogging but she's like knitting is like
my number one passion right now and I
just want to work on that why don't we
move to Chicago I mean my parents were
there but honestly once my dad retires I
don't think my parents are gonna stay in
Chicago they can correct me but I just
am I talked to him and I feel like
they're not going to i think they'll
move I don't know I just don't think
they'll be there
I think they'll serve a mission actually
at first click on a mission for our
church that's what they really want to
do my mom and dad where's my dad when I
go to Africa like so bad like my dad
speaks Spanish but he just wants to go
to Africa and when you're an adult you
can actually kind of choose where you go
so
I think they've had enough of me I
served in the First Presidency to get I
served with the first button city of the
rim temple possible does I need ideas
that's really cool so one of our family
friends was a mission president for our
Church in Rome and there they helped
also as well like secure the land
they're flying out there the Flossie's
yeah it's pretty cool
I've been checking out her knitting
channel yeah she's really into that
someone sit there damn oh my gosh Jimmy
brother yeah baby happy hour Louie
yo lubbers again you can say no will
shut it down okay did you ever have
interest in becoming a dentist no no I
worked for my dad I was enough like not
my dad's great but I don't want to be a
dentist like Mouse so doesn't like
mounds or feet what's up whoo the days
do you want to water - mm-hmm how's your
summer going good even writing you you
got a bike - huh did you get a new bike
- Tara they'll friend we is the pink one
the one that we gave you or is it still
red it's red huh - meaning dick oh you
sure did they spray paint and glitter I
thought you did I was like it looks cool
it looks different PJs Maddie yeah
I can't read everything you can like
posit oh you can oh oh wow in
Stevensville uh Penelope oh you can oh
you crashed Jen family trip to the dr
heck yeah so if we did that we probably
likes to do the resort that time instead
of hostel you want to say pj with you i
say what do you want she shakes her head
yes and no now over phone come here
outside who would use your stroller
I don't know everything that you're I
don't know what you talked about Artie
no are you gonna run the block with them
okay it was probably an accident
oh you will put this on AJ's obsessed
with her water floaties
tell what your floaties yeah I know
someone else does obsessive fit in there
huh yep can't even know why here good
job dude oh you put that through first
this is our vlog for the day so no 1
minute for a 30 minute plus live stream
damn you've been filming tomorrow what
you considering building a house I don't
know we I mean it would be fun to build
a house but also be so stressful and I'm
so indecisive and I think me and Sam
would just like I mean wickedly was bad
so we found this builder that has new
houses there that we actually really
like yeah remember that yes we did find
a house that we really liked is this
girl you guys see the keys man like hit
let's give you legs her no is so
different wait did I not do a good job
I'll girl oh why did we cut her here um
you know summer time her hair was like
way too it was getting too messy
it would constantly get in her face even
if she had like stuffing and she's yeah
so just we need to clean it up I think
it's super let's see it's a little short
but it's good for summer there goes it
goes best I think we should go for a
bike ride yes we've been live for about
36 advice and saving money as a college
student rocky up student loans oh man oh
man what's your advice John what Jen is
I don't spend money Jen does not spend
any money I know
try figure out where you spend like
waste your most money like I swear we
waste the most money on food and stuff
you know like not just like eating out
but just like buying groceries and not
like utilizing them to the fullest but
when we were in college
Oh our lives are just simple we uh I
started we never like really went out I
don't know I feel like our family's good
to us like we get like gift cards
everyone went so well and then that
would be like our date nights yeah we
were cool with just like playing games
and watching Netflix hanging out with
friends but uh schoolmen it's expensive
well is it's rough school is hard oh
it's rough trying to think like what we
did well oh I just like my big thing
that I always did is like I still do it
today is have as many sources of income
as possible so like when I was in
college I was doing toute which was
videos I was getting paid to do that
and eBay and just like all sorts of
stuff like buying new release stuff and
I worked at the library for high demand
years oh I did too
I worked there I worked all around you
know we worked we working crazy hours it
was nuts I'm surprised to be we made it
are we good since in high school but I
just want to keep my eyes on them where
you what was good students in high
school
yes the thing with me though I was a
great student I'm just really bad taking
tests so I had to do like the homework
and stuff
to get the grade because I did not do
well on tests I was a good student and
say I'm Sam was the kid that just came
easy psycho me for like 30 minutes
high school is just like easy like not
for me I mean I didn't get a 4.0 college
was harder but uh high school if you go
to class like you're good right like you
pretty much get through it it seems hard
sometimes I guess there's like those
hard tests and prime projects
chemistry was my I think my worst class
I think I got like a C and I remember I
was like I got a C but say something
Olivia we are saying something what do
we study art photography management
information systems minor in Spanish oMG
colleges reality check yeah yeah yeah oh
yeah college is tough because uh like
you don't have to go to class if you
don't want to so like it's so easy to
like be like I'm not gonna go today yeah
so she's it's snowing out and like
negative degrees yeah all right I still
went or you uh what was that swine flu I
wish I went when I had swine flu that's
my never got diagnosed it's like better
most positive I know that's how you get
other people sick
freshman year now I have never been so
sick in my life that's not good
everyone else pregnant Sarah you know
it's a little floaties on all right guys
that's good we've been hanging in for
like 40 minutes just on mobile and the
next one live stream a little will be a
little bit more hot quality manna in
Spanish oMG say something hola
you because of watch the vlogs you've
seen me speak Spanish I get like I
embarrass I just I'm timid speaking
Spanish sometimes alright I'm gonna go
for a bike ride came upstairs in my
shoes quality is great I'm mobile
Oh awesome I think what I'd like to do
is get the so like let's see I could
actually do like live-streaming with
this pretty easily but what I'd like to
do is just connect this microphone to
the iPhone and I need a special cord for
that I think that the video on mobile is
good but not like the audio I don't
really like the audio what Canon is that
it's a that's my Sony camera but I did
this stuff for I've been using this a
lot to vlog it's really nice I like it I
just taped that down because it kind of
makes noise sometimes oh the audio is
good I think I'm just like an audio snob
you know anyways shout out what's up
Chris alright I'm gonna say about you
guys
Chris I was one who got made fun of but
it's solely okay don't be sad about it
that girl was me I was the girl that
said she was gonna be something random I
don't remember like making fun of anyone
I just remember having a great time
quality and audio are both good that's
good
anyways thanks for hanging out guys
Phoebe Snow eclipsed Nicole be Sara
Aldo audio is great giving the value of
camera mobility nothing to complain
that's cool I think what I'd like to do
though is do more live streams on twitch
like IRL like this so um yeah it's
honestly it may not seem like it guys
but the past month has been like really
busy so thanks for being patient with us
I know it may not even seem like it but
it's been pretty crazy
it's been uh it's been a huge blessing
though you know like what we honestly
like I wouldn't say we needed it but it
definitely helps um use yousra son dis
ohno ohno wait a second do YouTube live
don't do don't do twitch lives
I think twitch has like a good feature
though I think that I think that's which
is a good feature like I think it has a
bright future so that's why I said that
I really like twitch - okay um Valerie
thank you for the kind words Kimberly
thanks for hanging out Rodriguez wait
he's bi - uh I'm just a zoo wig but
that's why you said uh would you say
this is awkward good thing all your
videos are such high-quality thanks guys
thanks I'm hoping to make a lot on our
trips I think this is my favorite sorry
I would keep a boy I'm going to end it
in one minute this is my favorite time
of year with the vlogs like without a
doubt summer spending time with family
um and it's crazy like our kids already
kind of getting older know is turning 3
and what's today the 40's today the 14th
so in two weeks and PJ's like already
won and we don't have like she's still a
baby you were like we don't have like a
newborn anymore so kind of ready for
some more adventures you know you kind
of have to like slow things down and
yeah anyways it's gonna be fun it's
gonna be fun we leave that mean it kind
of starts now and then a week from today
or next no week in a day we'll be in
Chicago are heading to Chicago so more
babies I think we'll take it we'll take
a break for a second all right guys
thanks for hanging out and Aldo always
appreciate preciate you man Janice hello
I'll see you guys tomorrow we'll post a
vlog and it should be a good one should
be fun
can't wait to see the footage I've got a
pjsait because I didn't even see it so I
love you guys see you tomorrow
peace my clique
