did you hope you did hey can you show me
the Sun where's the Sun yeah good job
with a little little oh okay from there
is imperative how was it that was hot
Salazar Oh where'd I put the tiny advice
and we're all so much you know I got a
delivery do not aim is gonna hurt your
stomach don't let her be sick
well I probably that real ghost upper
name yes it's spicy put me on Survivor
I'll eat
you
what's uh so it's actually the afternoon
you guys missed out on the ring is
pretty eventful lots of high winds uh
garbage man in coverage man what else
lots of toys it feels like falls here
and not summer after being 90 degrees
I'm hoping I'll clear up there's some
blue skies in the horizon those guys in
Horizon both kids are taking a nap so I
got a lot done and Jen rested which is
haunted
watching YouTube video they said just
take a nap no but does it just I don't
know and um sometimes is every time yeah
every single time we go rest for a
minute
yeah there's no resting and no no
sometimes it's good just to have do
whatever you want right so today we're
working on like a creative project I'm
whispering because I don't want to wake
the babies up I've been really excited
because the projects that we've worked
on the Google one and then you guys have
a Sony Best Buy like there's been the
craziest month ever there's been the
best month ever as far as that kind of
stuff goes and just wow so grateful but
I've actually really enjoyed it because
I feel like we've had to be creative
well we're always trying to be creative
with things like this but I have a
really cool project I'm working on today
and that's how it's not this is this
video is not sponsored i'm just
including you guys in this because i
think it's fun then you as an art major
you can help me out yeah check I'm gonna
go to Hobby Lobby right now and see if I
can find anything kind of cheap to add
to what we're going to film and record
it's just a minute long but if I know I
love is gonna love the thing we're doing
today I think as if we can't see it
can't talk about you will show you
so just went to Hobby Lobby really
quickly you know Hobby Lobby like that
place is crazy they got everything there
and just when I'm walking through the
aisles I start to get inspiration for
things last video we shot like I don't
even think I bought anything from there
but I went there and I was just walking
around walking around I was like ok this
is what we're doing and that's when the
idea hit me today I was like I know
exactly what we're gonna do the kids are
going to love it we have so much fun and
can they be great
Hey look what I just came home to a
little bit okay oh hey I had some
inspiration did you yeah chip you ready
to have some fun yeah we had some fun
look at this baby
he's obsessed with her bear helmet it
also causes a lot of issues because
she's obsessed with it so much good
anyway oh look what came in the mail
what the heck Oh Gildan for you guys to
commit the guilt kill dessert where's
your brand definitely not like I need to
the brand close no it's definitely a
gilman shirt Missy oh it's like we're
you know just hold this and I think it's
uh something else code five yeah what
the made out of the male population
talking Esther something feels like it's
made out of Oh 110 cotton how am i
believing this is Bert yeah yeah cause
we're going out of time
Adam I look at open it yeah for you so
for sensationally whichever side did you
figure out how to open that it says it's
your birthday
come inside and open it come inside I
don't want anything to fall out Murray
shirt or something look how this stuff
damn just came homeless you got it
almost got it
oh what the I don't you know that's
money I do know something let's read the
card
no wha well it's off okay wishing you a
bright and happy day love grandma bundle
oh that's so nicely thanks grandma okay
Wow
make a why would you gonna buy oh
snap name is on that I can me you're
gonna buy candy with that birthday money
yeah you don't want any toys yeah I
would label you want to buy Legos with
it yeah okay you know what Legos they
had the use of the Lightning McQueen
duplo's I like sleep coos oh yeah he got
a 50 much nothing said that's like a lot
of money for a three-year-old we have a
three-year-old yeah we're gonna do some
art now one we're going to decorate some
frame wow yeah so let me tell you okay
behind the seat this video is going on
Instagram and Twitter
uh-huh and gonna get like a minute long
maybe shorter 20 minutes I was thinking
we could my creative idea that I
submitted was creating an obstacle
course or lightning McQueen dress ooh
what if we made cool scenery using those
today and toys the dairy has and then
drama and then like have a porcine dress
but yeah
Sam bought like this grass stuff and
trees through the markers yeah how's
that cuz I have already had a lot but
like you could cut this up yeah part of
the scenery definitely there's like
shrubbery there's like 40 bucks really
gusting up the expenses we are
rebuilding dioramas in school and viola
the treatments up was not cheap
I would I give that forty percent off
coupon yeah trick cool I'm excited yes
cool turning our house into entire Emma
yes amazing oh the car start there
that's so cute
who is that on there
it's mater target start like under this
that's cute
Radiator Springs I gotta drop them like
plateau everything of a cars land my I
know did in the world
hey I heard it snowed in like some parts
of you Saturday it's crazy it's pretty
cool that's been rainy so this has
actually been an amazing activity Jenna
Noah mainly did these ones
PJ helped out here in there too so we're
going like little backdrops for the car
to drive by did you help PJ hey can you
show me the Sun where's the Sun yeah
good job
what a where's the Disney birds or would
you hurt your hand those kind of look
like birds Peter was the birds lie hey
yeah I need you draw birds add some more
birds so you got a city desert kind of
like Radiator Springs got a garage for
the car to come out of got like a little
wooded area and then kind of ocean so we
have a start in the garage drive its way
up make its way around go created you do
some tricks enjoy the scenery and I
think they'll be a lot of fun hobby loud
I love know those little addition so I
like sort of different things he's added
different elements right here we have
his drawing or bunny there's a dog in
the ocean what's over here buddy hey cow
tail Accountancy uses like Chicago see
O'Leary's cow you know a duck Aflac
commercials
this is Arizona that's it goat oh yeah
say Michael Jordan boy hey moment
Nadel oh that is a wrap we did it
you did it oh my goodness sometimes by
the time we're done just complete chaos
and we have a lot of cleaning up to do
but I said - no I said once we're done
we can do something that he really
really wants to do his choice since he
helped me out humming humming yeah I
said I was like when you're done when
we're done let's go celebrate you want
to do ice cream or hot gummy gummy
yummies
yeah are you in try the hot gummy yeah
that's what we're going to do right now
my mileage I read oh I don't even want
to try then they're spicy
okay let's try jalapeno first you got
the respect okay
okay quick sour apple on it I'm really
confused by this because I've seen
people try this at work oh wait yeah I
think they are though we'll find out
like hot apple no we're about to find
out I mean they're not going to taste
like pepperidge I know it's sour apple
cider spicy I think you know I see it
okay you each other jalapeno seraphic
spicy
it's thank you really oh he's really
hung on it oh my gosh oh how do you need
a big bite you know whoa whoa so weird
yeah that's the road I know honey go
that is so weird
no it's like spicy sour apple spicy
apple it kind of tastes like jalapeno -
yeah that was weird that is so weird
okay so we save the rest for you and
open the rest now we're saving for this
weekend yeah open the restaurant on the
rest now he'll be fine we can still lose
the Baka
hope you want to buy into that yeah we
have gone
pepper we still have habanero and ghost
pepper which one by car you have to go
first our good used to habanero next
yeah she calls the popcorn I just go
away
hi she makes a mess everywhere oh you
think you carry Hey oh yeah sis can you
say no one claimed namely Kia thank you
ASA kick this Penelope DJ can you think
no I don't want any I'm working I gather
to say no it twice to it I can't say
Noah - Noah where's Noah I don't want
any better what the proper word whoa
dude don't touch your eyes or anything I
don't know like careful with that okay
take a little bit little bit little bit
a little bit a little bit a little
little oh okay I'm nervous I'm nervous
how was it Alan hawse Salazar is it
bring it on entrails always I'm also
just a horse which one it tastes better
than Apple
that's what don't do the Vice all right
you're crazy
why not until fall beyond tired I'm a
Potter I took a pretty good bye it's my
throat oh it's my girl oh that one hit
you later
that one hit you later oh my gosh yeah
that one was like more the jalapenos
like instant that one's more after yeah
okay good
oh my Chris role is on fire my throat's
a little like funny okay I'm happy oh
well you what I'm all so be careful
careful careful
yeah what's up with that one was it uh
not huh
what huh yeah oh you see a bike
Athenians fight I don't like that flavor
oh yeah yeah
Oh where's mom I took the tiny advice
emeralds mama you know I got a delivery
do not say it's gonna hurt your stomach
don't wanna be sick
well I probably that real ghosts upper
neck yes it's spiky baby oh oh my god
goes without please without all that go
now I'm a man baby let's go let's go
mm-hmm
oh my gosh put me on Survivor Elite
bring Noah go wash your hands
whoo funny scene oops
I'm not spicy now it is cool yo real
talk
Lauren was actually pretty spicy huh
confit like my tongues burning like I'm
like bleeding Golden State Warriors and
be a champion history but they'd win in
five and Athens crazy
we're going to do a livestream on
Wednesday so tomorrow for you guys click
on the little bell icon on our page
think it's a narrow page and is it on
this page too anyway she'll be notified
once we go live we will see you guys
there so we good time
