Triplette yes good that going another
make another together oh she loves
glasses Oh Kimmy if you make that big
example huh oh you like em huh
lots of friends
another group of friends which is really
exciting my friend Melissa and Tara are
both having boys Tennessee weeks of each
other and my cousin Brittney is having a
baby boy so many boys right now oh man
and I two of the friends of hot that are
having boys but already sent them stuff
so my friend Melissa her daughter
Chloe's birthday spacious room 3 and
she's pregnant having a little boy and I
am now writing things down but but when
she was having her baby shower or
sprinkle or whatever it was I told about
her I felt so bad but I still got her
gift and then my friend Tara is having a
baby boy so I got her stuff little comfy
look how cute okay I don't know if you
can retell I haven't gotten both the
same works I just couldn't not get it
it's just so cute with little animals on
it and then one of them is getting these
whales for baby gray and then I got this
thing one of course and then these cute
little onesies and then more little
animals I think the animals are so cute
right now and these little feet come out
they're so cute um this one's for Tara's
little baby boy just I handle baby
clothes and then my cousin Brittany is
having a baby and all of my family most
of all not all my song most of my
relatives will allow my level to learn
until my grandma and grandpa okay I gave
her her favorite thing which is lotion
put on your face you put I okay so
anyway here are those little cute
outfits that the babies are getting love
them and then my cousin Brittany I got
her these two little sleepers she's
having a little bit voice love these
things
and I got her this little pajama set I
love these ones I remember snow I had a
set of these and the zipper goes up so
you don't have to like or down look at
this one has two zippers so you can go
either direction which I loved I wish
they made more of these I go upwards
they don't make enough of them because
it's like they're amazing because then
you don't get the upper body cold and
you just can change the diaper
you don't know that and then I got her
maybe this soft like it's like PJs I got
I got some the same place but she loves
her blanket like this so I got him a
little cute one I don't know what his
cooked nursery colors are but speared
that was five and I got some necessities
my favorite lotion clearly favorite
lotion some gripe water but she may or
may not need I don't know and aqua for
baby that's my favorite diaper cream so
that aqua for is just amazing for
anything really but like I was saying
I'm really excited because both my
grandma and grandpa are coming and my
grandpa hasn't been doing well they're
just getting older can't put a look on a
Luger happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear Chloe happy birthday Wow
we've got some entertainers at this
party now
how do you remember when exactly Oh like
a little ninja kid bottom damn bottom
hated that one day Meredith okay bitch
really shake if it's a basketball yeah
you are you know Noah now I'm gonna do a
round nothing oh okay do it oh gosh you
get that demands a little ninja oh oh we
hired him entertainment we have that
Murray all of Melissa's got a little
nephews in need are so Pat Miranda are
free nice art an artist I want to be one
that's cool house if I did art you form
a wall of my house matrix like him so
you can do crazy tricks
blue one hand good whoa good throw
yeah wrap this up on me and PJ if you
can hear her back there we are currently
on our way to my cousin's Brittany's
baby shower
it's her first baby we're so fast and we
drove all the way down here two hours
away this baby hates long drive and
we're almost there my cousin is actually
driving in front of me I'm at a
stoplight right now
my cousin is in the car right in front
of me which is really funny I was like
trying to get her attention like women
are like pounding on my window we really
 I've it's a woman and all my
family macGruber the next dance and
everyone go
I was driving behind my cousin for the
last 15 years of this drug
I'm so excited I love you and we see so
does me pregnant ha ha maybe we should
just walk in I think so it's really cute
this neighborhood though driving up here
I was like my dream between Venus I mean
I know my way double children oh you
look alike
oh we really are like two inches triplet
yeah oh she's not great weight is bellow
here yeah don't worry your house hey you
beat me you're dropping chocolate you're
a girl let's go eat the chocolate I like
the chocolate boy so just me and know it
today flash tonight we've been riding
bikes having a good day and then I had a
brilliant idea why don't we just go get
the basketball hoop instead of that
right here achievements and dunk we'll
jump it on the trampoline
Oh
you try and make it back what a want
anyone and 100 I know if I can already
build Evenki
what yes
already my turn I love you present time
good job Bella she loves glasses Oh
Kimmy
she makes that face all time Pope huh oh
you like em huh
be hyping off you hate them look okay
then I represent a new single sure does
no here take mom get himself again
exactly compel I don't speak Spanish oh
I want to go in the future okay it's
video no no no she likes you Bella
yeah we can be friends yeah your friend
sounds happy baby shower day
funny I'll see you next weekend Oh
doggie
all right I'll see you next weekend at
Rikers birthday okay you listen yep
love you yeah be careful say bye
Sabrina laughs hey okay J okay chief
I Love You Jay okay chief Dana she's
teething sure I know you're thanks I get
hey wait where are you going Bella no
Jorge your joints coming out Jordan
needs to come out I'm gonna go get in
the car no yeah Radhika okay you're
going to go back to Jordan's house I
really want one without the frosting
thank you
but I shouldn't because I need them
exclus wait
don't we all I know were you guys my
home I went to cupcake well we think
looks like a fun day it was a really fun
kind of just I like the thumbnails of
the videos you took I didn't actually
watch it yeah
listen I got a lot of really cute
footage of uh Bella and PJ and I just
I'm I'm like excited to have those
forever
damn it come on my favorite my gran
wasn't mean 90 next year oh my goodness
my grandma was she 94 93 she's 93 I
think it's returning 94 create easy next
weekend we'll be with family again
you're more of just family in the next
weekend we'll be in Chicago so it's kind
of funny I feel like we have everything
back up up up up and I wish we had
something this week you know
like had something this week we're
almost there I wish you would not to be
aquarium or something you're like forget
it we get a hot day will go to Bear Lake
for sure yeah I would find me and see
that all right
hope you guys enjoy today videos make
sure to check out our other videos that
I posted they really give you put some
time into them
you guys already saw em thank you and
we'll see you can pick a puppy home you
know one to one
