flew down the street
grandma had no weird
you
hello and welcome to the vlog Hey look
at this Jenica is driving Jen knows how
to drive I'm actually she's got a permit
so I'm helping her get her driver's
license idiot how many hours thirty
thirty hours
yes I'm obviously gonna drive all of
them they usually when were in the
cutting of it oh my gosh she's close
that Kurt oh dude I don't drive
Oh manage that special permission really
oh I feel like we're about to hit this
car right Mike oh boy hey I made it a
minute in the car that's good that's
good hi Jen's about to take Penelope to
the doctor's for a little checkup we
think she might have a sinus infection
and so we just want to make sure that's
treated and then me and Noah actually
have a fun little activity right now as
you guys know we've been working with a
bunch of companies and one of them is
the Scott Swan like I'm trying to get
our lawn super nice with their products
and it's actually going really well so
I'm doing Instagram posts for them later
and then like
things like once a month on our own
Instagram at Cameron Burt anyways they
want to like have fun in our yard so
we've had a little tiny trampoline for
the kids we got to make rules though big
one at a time right I don't know now
I've got see how crazy this trampoline
is first I don't even know if he'll
conference but kept legs always make me
a little bit more conscious they get
really into creative control
yeah three-year-old trampoline so go
make that right now you think building a
trampoline would be look how many parts
there are okay we got that the open up
the box just like okay okay alright but
are you gonna make it on YouTube is okay
I'm just gonna sit here watch how are
you - hardly you need my help
okay let's short all the food is first
and then we'll figure out really okay I
have to put all the pieces that look the
same you know I prolly haha hey how are
you doctor you doing too well look I'm
on my behind
so this right eye has been goopy and I
thought would put pinkeye yesterday but
those white upper eye isn't red at all
and if I was never get shut in the
morning or after she sleeps or anything
it's just coming out from her from her
sinuses so like we make it all winter
with only clothes and now like summer
starts I think it was icing but we'll
see I think I'll put on oil antibody
first and go from there huh hey anything
down there
oh never mind up victory leg up blondie
deal come on well I'm gonna see but you
could on booby in there
dad I know I'll put a trampoline at home
squeezin you tell her but with the
underwear i de los woman soon rubbing it
pants bothering her hey but no crying
you can't sound good I was actually
really good at trying to figure out how
things fit together think this is how
these go I'll check the directions but
uh good job buddy
helping build you can't believe we're
going to actually go get it right dad yo
me happy right there what's your hand
okay good job okay just leaving the
doctor's office man I like I'm so good
for doctors anyway but it just takes a
long time I went to doctors like an hour
worm thing anyway
it's yeah anyway okay I'm not complain
complain about that he didn't want it
wasn't my normal doctor but he was very
nice man he didn't want to like say R
off the bat of the science infections
because like you technically have to
have like an MRI to like see on a child
like what's blocked and whatnot but he
just thinks that like the ducts are just
clogged from the nasal snot whatever so
we're just going to do a saline drops
for today and tomorrow or just today and
see how her eye goop does sailing drops
and just suck all the snot out as much
as I can and hopefully show us needs a
lot of it out and then worst case
scenario she's not getting by this
weekend if she spikes a fever or
anything like that then I have a
prescription for antibiotics for her
worst case scenario so hopefully we can
get this cleared up on our own
everyone's got a little bit of something
and I just do not feel good today but
that's just because I'm a woman and
sometimes women have weeks of a month
that just they don't feel so great and
never go home and see how the train is
and if it's set up wonder family need
any help it's a little big because I
thought I was me much easier process and
that it was all gonna be done when I got
back but there's lots of pieces to this
she did not like the doctor though she
was like screaming oh hi peekaboo
you know they say they know I don't know
what they say nope
no guys no way it's not happening
yeah hi oh sorry it's not for show
anything trying to do summer so just
being a good writer so she's a totally
enough peek under her leg face right now
peekaboo laughs peekaboo Oh husband
tedious yeah we just had a break in the
bathroom bill breaks in yeah whoa whoa
you have to do some other nice we did
that and I hope to do it so Rizzoli's
chinese changes here do it again do
together we did know was very obsessed
with alleys he hates alleys so much is
what they were gonna be cured of alleys
yeah you can be a doctor in six people
zowie's not if you can't handle seeing
an owie so how many way to my child my
child class lately everything she was
that hot sauce thing every single meal
and I'm feeling it lately
oh yeah you just stop but I ordered some
hot sauce online from Dennis penis I
love like I mentioned before in a blog
the show hot ones right on how ones they
have their own special hot sites
where they from both Brooklyn here we
play Dracula Nestle so I want to try all
the sauces on hot ones but I ordered the
one their specific sauce from actual
show likes their branded one mm-hmm
fire you to cleanse anyone know of too
much hot sauce over on your inside
generated whoa whoa I'm worried about
the colon falling apart George Clooney
did uh I'm hoping to take a meal off
that I mean take a male Ozzy on our
first on first we feed hot ones host
Sean Emma Jesus spicy wings as a truth
serum to get the realest answers from a
 get all this had some serious heat
from habaneros and ghost peppers I've
been eating a lot of ghost pepper sauce
man
I need to take a break whose number
knees pine nuts up here oh I don't know
I'm gonna try to go a job you don't need
hot Samantha the best I'm decent
no it's not about ranch is for I'm like
Rancho whoa it's so interesting like a
citrusy hot I know I tell you break
citrus plus hot sauce plus your colon is
not good blue down 3 to pop so ever done
oh gosh now all of the bosses are flying
away actually check the forecast before
we watch please and decided to build it
oh my word disaster no we answer you're
out with all those toys but I blow away
my head no your didn't blow away
okay go yeah go go go save him Noah you
look like you were trying to do ballet
all right what do you think about it you
like it you like to win yeah I really
like the win
yeah yucky yucky wobbly hey let me
better once the Nets up because there's
like a pole thing to stabilize it we got
the poles nice - careful careful the
dangerous cold what do you think of this
she just lets go out okay
this app finally took a long time we did
it I think you will enjoy this
