who's the most beautiful person in the
world Emily
should we give mommy a special day today
okay Google what's on our schedule
tonight you have a calendar entry today
at 1:00 p.m. the title is be the
greatest dad in the world what you hear
that yeah I'm a relatively new dad I
have two kids I've been a dad for three
years and I'm still learning so much
every single day but I do think I have
some dead hacks that I could share with
you guys today
shout out to the Google store for
sponsoring today's video we have had so
much fun playing with our Google pixel
the Google home chromecast all those
things are awesome and definitely helped
me get through the day in my opinion one
of the most important ways to be a good
dad is to be good to your spouse take
care of them you guys are a team Jen my
wife does so much for our family with
the kids she's amazing I'm truly
grateful for everything that she does
for me so today I want her to have a
relaxing day I want her to get a break
okay Google what time just case'll on
open it Kate salon and spa is open right
now and they close at 8:00 p.m. it's
kind of last minute but I feel like I'm
gonna get lucky okay Google call case'
one calling Kate salon and spa hi I know
this is kind of have any spots open
today for like a manicure pedicure or
anything like that I like in an hour you
ready let's go okay there's your mama
I'm excited yeah that's even better
thank you I know you I know mom street
though oh no kids
I'm leaving you the deck Rach I'm just
taking nothing but relaxation and stress
free knit love you guys bye guys goodbye
my mom gonna be a good day guys let's go
baby
okay Google get my kids ready for the
day sorry I know how to help it okay my
job as their dad okay cool tonight's
foil you got it changing five lights to
blue the kids love this because they can
talk to a while I'm here change the
light color turn the music on it's time
to party okay Google turn on the party
playlist sure plan your Spotify playlist
called dance party
as a dad I just ran survived try and get
through the day we're never going to be
good as mom mom's always best when I'm
alone with the kids I trying to get
things that will just keep them
distracted
don't get ice cream ok Google how early
is Agee ice cream OpenNet yes
I see ice cream is open right now and
they close at 9 p.m.
never too early for some ice cream looks
good so what kind of itch can we gonna
get oh yeah you think they're blue ice
cream are you sure are you sure are you
sure are you sure are you sure are you
sure let's go
yeah it's how you're going to sleep on
me while we get ice cream
we're here
yeah let's see how is it what kind of
extreme did you get well that's a
birthday cake one and I'll be would you
get hey she got child bro
she got chocolate huh sis
wha oh my gosh exploring some nature
while eating ice cream the perfect
combination what is that
it's a purple flower see normally I
would have to worry about you know maybe
making too much of a mess with ice cream
but uh it's just me and the kids you
know there's nothing better than an ice
cream beard so I might have to change
your outfit once we go ten LP fell
asleep she's taking a nap do you want to
take a nap no give ice cream on your
clothes still hmm nope change some huh
what's that hey Danny it's funny you
know who she call whoa who me Rico grab
me just gonna make you feel better we
call it you know we should do well act
like we're like frozen like we'll be
really still like and then she'll say
hello oh we're here we're here a little
time hey everybody
you're do it goes it call mom do it
hey TV frozen oh yeah we're green plot
any other Park later what were you
getting along without your mom
I love your shirt on tnews so cute you
being my baby
okay go put the baby back to sleep
Priska hey mommy's gonna look like a
girl
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
being a dad it just never stops it's
great if you guys want to check out the
Google home or Google picks on buy one
for yourself and go to store at
google.com the Google store is amazing
has so many different items make sure to
check it out we'll see you guys tomorrow
so peace Hey good bye ru bye good bye
bye
