nothing says summer more then what are
these no Coco there's no name we've
always liked about this places no like I
said yesterday like summer begin
you
Noah's serious is when he's getting a
haircut will forever be with my favorite
faces he makes the whole time 30-minute
cut 20 minute however long it takes and
it's like I saw his jaws and his cheeks
get fake he likes it though he was like
excited to go get his hair cut he loves
it afterwards but during it it's all
strictly business we went to a park oh
he had never been to before and there
was these two poles that you slide down
and no one did it and that was like Jen
you should try it out I didn't have my
volume camera on me but I my iPhone it
was pretty funny and super song don't
get stuck have you guys ever seen that
at a park we were talking about how like
we've only ever seen that maybe once
know how many horses do you see
exactly I counted five - tell me what's
your favorite animal horses what do you
want for your birthday
boy a big horse no I don't work where
would he stay though in your room on
Arizona
what do you sleep in your room could he
fit in the house are you sure
wait I want to learn more about horses
from you what a horses the eat
chick-fil-a sauce what else do they you
knew those apples okay Lagos Tomatoes
what do horses like to do when they're
bored eat grass do courses never go to
sleep yeah how much do they sleep how
many hours a night and then guys okay I
don't know how it's kind of hard to
focus on these little time rings but
I've actually been looking at these
little stacking rings for a long time to
get myself Sun with the kids birthstone
Junie go potty okay so like I was saying
don't mind my sausage fingers I have
huge tweeners compared my friend but
anyway I've been looking at you getting
these staff people like birthstone rings
for myself or the kids a few days for
stone of course PJ's birthstone is a
diamond have a lot more work
like I was saying I've been looking into
getting these little stat Bowl rings -
like SC or something but with my kids
birthstones but PJ is a diamond and a
lot of times they only do like this easy
diamond Lisak the handmade diamond or
something I don't really know what it is
and I know was is either an alexandrite
no shut the door I'm filming something
shut the door is an alexandrite or a
pearl that kind of like Alexandra it's
better to represent Noah and those are
like not common it is very expensive so
what you want some chips
you listen chips hold on so many
disruptions so anyway let me have it
now he wants nectarine so I just never
ordered myself the Rings and then I was
looking on Instagram and my friend
actually is makes jewelry now see what's
a school for fashion design up here at
Utah State I'm pretty sure fashion and
merchandise or something like that he's
just so talented his name's Alfie
his wife did photography with me firm
books called keep the door shot for most
of college as well so me and Amanda his
wife were really good friends in college
and then they moved to California after
they both graduated and they met Noah
once they have him up TJ you haven't
seen him in a long time anyway
he actually is into making jewelry now
and I was looking all I said I'm like
wow I wonder if he can make these rings
for me because I just didn't want to
order them from Etsy because it's like
sometimes you just don't know the
quality are getting I love s you so much
but it was just I just liked supporting
him and knowing exactly what I was
getting so instead of getting my rings
which I will get from him I'm gonna have
to make me some time later this year if
you can get like this the jewel the gems
or whatever I had him
I can't got the ideas of coming full
circle I got the idea when my friend
Caitlin lost her second baby I was like
you know what that was so nice if I
could do something for her and get her
just like something small to symbolize
both her babies because both babies
birthdays are in October so both babies
gems are opal and I was like I'll opal
you think you can find opal pretty
easily
sounds like all that's fun and so I sent
in pictures of like the ones on Etsy
like hey can you make something like
this because he does custom jewelry you
think yeah I probably could so I just
got them in the mail today and so pretty
they're sterling silver and opal little
stacking rings you saw like the main
picture let me let me show up up close
again here they are the little stacking
rings I loved how like I just love how
like simple they are also my friends
singers are a lot smaller than mine so
that's why my finger looks like a
sausage right now because she has tiny
fingers but anyways it's real opal and I
just loved how like simple and pretty
and little they are so I got those today
which I'm really excited I'm actually
going to dinner tonight with my
girlfriends so give them her I don't
know if I get like film her opening it
or anything except make her
a little comfortable I think but I'm
excited I think they turned out so
pretty
Alfie is so talented he's really
talented if you're interested I'm gonna
have family his Instagram below and you
if you're interested in custom jewelry
or anything you could like DM him on
Instagram I just think that's so cool so
I'm going to give those through tonight
and hopefully she likes that because
she's had a rough rough year they're so
pretty it's like I wish you could see in
person how pretty and sparkly and like
I've never seen opal a grill opal up
close it's really pretty
anyway I'm just excited since I have to
show you guys oh did you want to tell
everyone that you're eating chips and
that they're in your mouth and I open
that bag terribly appalling the chips
all over the ground
we're just going to spill out of there I
know it dad what did you do Becca we're
back this time you're watching little
coaches pitch the Machine I just took a
lazy boy of the Bureau to the defendant
and
well Jen was out with their girlfriends
no really wanted to go with so you went
with and it was just me and PJ and
actually love that time that we have
together alone it's great bonding and I
think she's happier honestly I think
Noah bothers her a lot like just makes
her crankier because no is constantly
like trying to hug her or like pusher
you know it's like both ends of the
spectrum so we watched her favorite
movie Moana and I told you guys the last
time it was just me and her at night and
I was putting her to bed and I put on
the Moana soundtrack and she started to
actually try and sing it like that
nothing came out but she was like and it
was the cutest thing ever
well I was able to capture it or
watching moulana
and you just love mulana like I look
over at her and she'll be like he's a
good movie and song huh that face like
times a million Ethel love it oh baby oh
yeah not that this is working right
please leave the world hopefully I don't
know why I just think that is the cutest
thing ever it's so fun to see her little
personality coming out Jen and I both
agree that she's actually pretty funny
like she's just naturally funny and
she's almost like trying to be funny
sometimes so it's pretty cute tomorrow
posting two videos a normal vlog and the
one that I worked on with Google a
posting two videos one of them is the
one that I did with the Google store and
I really am happy how it turned out I
put so much time into it so make sure
you guys watch it it's fun I think it's
even more fun than the vlog sometimes
and then I am then a normal blog comment
on the Google video and I'll be there
responding to the first 100 guarantee it
so yes tomorrow love you peace
Oh Oh baby oh yeah not that guess this
is my cue right
please forgive the world subway
