team effort no singing again
I think the last amount the first and
last time I was ever in a dollar store
was in college for like our product when
that project I think I came here and got
some stuff to make right no I never
thought to come back but I have great
stuff in here and Sam came in the other
day a bit so much awesome stuff in there
like yeah I should like to go take
knowledge to walk around next there's a
lot of fun stuff to look at
now listen twice three times I don't
know just a handful though it's good to
get out
let's dad get some stuff done with that
little shadow ready to go check it out
he's really into motorcycles right now
we're gonna talk about way more very
good yeah because the past couple days
have been like insane the festival weeks
this month so much to do but I got my
little editing partner right here is a
girl she is a mu keyword that does it
work hopes turned up Alisa you left
Milan and soundtracks song yeah so the
other day Jen was gone like all day and
night and I put the kids to bed and
stuff and we turn on the Milano
soundtrack first of all no is he saying
to fenelby and then we put on the moon a
soundtrack and she was like you're
trying to sing it I didn't have the
Karen dear those like it was like the
cutest thing I've ever seen either my
kids do you're trying to see it you're
like I'm gonna team over no sing it
again because I don't know the words I
was like that's my bad she was like my
my my my my mother's argue love you
oh do it again
sign out oh okay yeah definitely need to
get these dollar fairy princess you
seeing lots of to stuff some glow sticks
how you could look at mirror all the
cars right up here don't know if I see
any motorcycles so do I hear one boy I
do feel like up there Grammy would be
excited to see that you're using the
toolkit she got you it's a pretty
awesome weight with gosh
you're measuring it and it three dollars
eight dollars nine dollars yeah is that
what it says on there yeah like doors
right here are you assessing the damages
yeah a free dollar - sighs hey shake Oh
oh my goodness do you think you'll be
able to fix it is everything look okay
you're gonna be able to fix it was his
nose out of shot yeah I am psyched oh
nice so let's see how you gonna fix it
what are you gonna use what tools oh you
stand up here pretty good okay you play
oh good more slide six seven eight yeah
do you need to use your drill I don't
yep I'll take these on here I think she
just likes it wow this is insane
I'm sick actually I can't believe you
have your own mech auto shop yeah okay
cuz a hammer going in so like it already
looking better
Oh gotta be careful so what about
pshh uh I think he ended up breaking it
I'm thinking oh no now we really have to
fix it this piece came off the other day
and I fixed it with glue enough to do it
again done oh thanks buddy don't mix no
way uh-uh
let me see if I can find something
that's indestructible for you to fix do
you know which one she's literally
pointing at or don't lock something in
the mail today
things that I'm very excited to try the
key the heck regular sleep - what's the
box what's in it
this is the next challenge we're gonna
do but I don't know if you're gonna do
it
oh I know it's in there no people have
been saying it's liquid fire some people
sweetie means I know some people are
saying it's so hot lately here we go
you have big thing of it well y'all like
it spicy spicy ramen and then even spice
you see people have been doing just this
one and dying really yes
how about you do that 100 Mike would you
get someone up Z okay
and some two-time fifier oh gosh this
weekend hey don't break them I'm nervous
any spicy no he will cry would you spicy
no you know I really wouldn't let him
touch it I know you would want to eat so
you know it spicy for me this has the
best
sunscreen smells like just full-on
sunscreen but I kind of like the smell
I'm also like a baby lotion sunscreen in
a way having a beautiful evening at the
park at my wife's parade pj she's in the
shade but her kind of dig and have fun
we got we gave pj her dollar bucket from
the dollar store food hopper because you
really like Noah's I'm just glad he
doesn't care that her isn't bigger
because it definitely is but that's okay
I really want to cut my hair but I
haven't actually told you guys about
this so our church is making videos I
think I going to youtube videos another
shirt new videos and I applied to be
like a background character I don't know
why should I be fun I think it'd only be
like one day of shooting for like one
scene but it's fun it's been like a long
process knowing if you're actually like
in it
they're like specific like look look
requirements so I've been trying to like
grow my hair out that's what I haven't
cut yet which I really want to do so
after all that I'll probably cut it
anyway so I heard back a couple months
ago and they said that was taking a
while because I got like over 2,000
applications and stuff which is like
just crazy and I just didn't reply was
like it's okay I can't really mind like
not being in it ought to be fun and I
got another email saying like
congratulations you made the final that
of 2000 people and I our window down to
200 people I was like oh sweet
maybe it's fine I was like that's cool
whatever it's bended like resubmit like
an application type thing and more
pictures to see like how much you've
like how long your hair has gotten
because my hair was kind of short when I
first applied so they wanted to see if
my hair was a little longer if I've
gotten tanner since my winter pictures
was awesome I applied it was like winter
and I looked just really a fair victim
um so I resubmitted my stuff and I guess
we'll hear back within the next couple
weeks because I think the shoot day
would be in like two and I'm not really
sure so I guess we'll find out if I'm an
extra that'll be fun too if I do and if
I am a part of it to like see some
behind the scenes because I've ever done
anything quite like that ever
so also my brother Andrew is studying
YouTube channel so that should we find a
new YouTube channel for kids which
should be interesting and now we're just
trying to do the park I think we're
going out to the baseball players
because there's some baseball games
going on this is going to be that future
little peach bang in the baseball yeah
just because all shy because there's so
many baseball players around please
being shy be like baseball no he's just
sitting there watching the big baby hope
she's brave oh just to say saw I bye
there's a baseball on the back of the
carriage hey you go look for one you can
do it baby those balls get it
this is how you stand in outfield put
your hands on your knees see that boy
has his hands on it are you able I'm so
excited for this orifice so excited I
just want to be now yeah okay nine to
ten so are you saying me I feel to one
play outside position a picture picture
yeah first Baker picture hahaha I've
been spending hours and hours editing
things coming up soon actually just
deleted our outro I think so I'm I have
to sing that right now or at least
improv it and make a new outro for a
later time another way not I'm not
sponsored by adidas although that would
be amazing
El Padrino just got a job there I'm
supporting them plus I just bought a
bunch of adidas shirts and they're
really comfy I said it earlier this has
been maybe the busiest month ever for us
and I know like we haven't been getting
a million views and we haven't been
seeing tons of growth but I've had so
many unbelievable opportunities that I
could only dream of and it's all because
of you guys I wouldn't have these
opportunities if I weren't for us I
guess it's a combination of us right
together I know there might be a lot of
sponsored content like this month but it
will help us so much going forward just
living and I just have to say thank you
to you guys I'm going to get done that
house we actually really looking at one
that we wanted to buy and there is uh
none but here's the comments yeah that's
not a good idea to give me any uppers
that's how still how we feel so good
times so yes tomorrow love ya
peace thanks for watching today dilute
it doo dee doo doo dee doo doo doo doo
Oh ed I think I D to making you a true
