and we're back we're back been watching
this fishing show all day long this is
pretty sour candy I don't wanna see
posts out with Danny I really know he
won't last long
he said you go sour candy I don't know
how sour candy
I don't know I was sorry this candy
actually is out loud yes I just say how
rare a nap I can't really laughs oh my
god that friend in it both kids are
asleep let's start the video yeah what
kind of video is this it's our cozy
house ours missed our changes well it's
weird can't it's like sour slaps weird
the can you so hey let's get crazy baby
get crazy candy in my house like me in
the kitchen last night and also I looked
up here their achievements all doughnuts
the mole I have up there so not never we
get them oh so moldy you oh gosh oh
there's the Sun so there's booger candy
that we're trying because they look like
boogers toilet pop rocks I think good
pop rocks I don't know and two other
early fences and then there's toxic
candy which I was watching Dana Duncan's
vlog with Valentina and she loves sour
right now in her pregnancy and the sour
when she tried was the toxic and they're
I think they're like more sour than
warheads and excited yeah oh wow bro
over dinging question never define for
death with the can see you found the
candy
oh I spread this
to try them he gave them afraid of them
tonight
are we ready let me like open to package
welcome my channel I'm sorry
Thank You Josh that's my wife
how do you like my bed mom we like
button we are going to do the sour candy
and just weird candy video right yeah
what's the first one we're doing is box
of boogers just to interrupt this video
really quickly I was so frustrated and
sad last night when I imported this
footage to edit you have traffic cameras
and on tables and easy to reach areas
and I don't know if it was Noah or PJ
but they often I grabbed the camera and
are able to turn it on whatever
sometimes they click with the settings
and things like Jenna has been out
before and I'll get a video be like I
it's shooting in like two second mode or
something like that which will be doing
a different mode and things like that
anyways the autofocus setting had been
adjusted when we were filming this until
a ton of the video like the area it was
trying to focus on you can slip pinpoint
areas I don't know how familiar you guys
are with cameras but you can pinpoint
like specific areas and so it was trying
to focus in this little area so so much
of it was not in focus and I cut out a
lot but a lot of is still there so I'm
sorry I still think it's a good video
I'm so sad I was like I had to go for a
walk around the block last night
afterwards goes oh I can't believe I
didn't check regardless it's still good
so enjoy find all this stuff this is
cool old mom-and-pop shop okay Noah I'm
ready to try a bag of buggers dissolute
idea
oh okay yes I won we might have cameos
from Penelope as well yes okay everyone
take one okay don't eat it so we all oh
yeah now get it yet swing by my white
green nose a sour cream eyes yellow
you ready set go nervous my teeth like
mango so yeah I don't eat like boogers
anything like ah I've never eaten it
I've never had a booger before if you
had a booger before yeah next thing
we're trying a little soda can
I'm gonna try it's corn I got cool good
it was actually kind of like a cola
that's all it tasted like regular candy
like the flavor and then when you bit
into it it was like foamy she's not even
fazed by it anymore so they can really
like it I know I got another one
sour fart oh yeah they're called I don't
want to know if it tastes like worse
until I I want to describe in
blindfolded it's not really okay ready
no mmm they taste like nerds when I try
it out okay what's my favorite right one
is blue raspberry I see popping candy
okay
comes a little sucker which actually
smells really good what is kinda pop
okay you look it and then you could yeah
but we'll just try some the popping
candy maybe just pour it into his mouth
okay look it off your hand
okay don't kids reaction first look it
it's ready to treat you at the same time
oh gosh oh no I got way too much mmm
yummy try it looking really good
that's Boo Radley yeah look your hand
you don't like it it talks in your mouth
okay okay
be like what the heck is going on oh you
like it or notice are you going what you
think buddy yummy sour soda pop
powder I know it's true - so these ones
are I don't know what's going on you at
the lemon one yellow nade one point
you're the red one can you scuff you
like that one yeah that's right away
more ma you're hung up
just eating - like using that exit you
portly it's mostly kool-aid yeah it
tastes like kool-aid hmmmm no like this
one
tell me porn on your nose I got it it
just ate like straight-up sugar that is
my favorite favorite yes Albert do you
like those one yeah yeah this is just
like hanging onto all candy sour small
balls from the same brain that's a toxic
brand Christian candy with a sour chewy
Center hey sweetie you have to go first
rock paper said you rock paper scissors
to see who has to go first ready lately
I'm already there we go doctor what's up
on it you're like strawberries - it
I've been in whoops oh okay it's like at
the end there kind of look like an
assortment of lemon which is kind of in
kind of gasps they're not as good though
sour flush in toilet with a plunger
sucker inside so it's powdered thanks
you good okay careful when you open that
just blow everywhere
okay yes like on the second first yep
here suck look your sucker and then dip
it in the powder
how's the secretase okay whew Wow look
it off okay it's the guy this take us
full amount right off the top it doesn't
take much
that's the warmest part right here I'm
going to invert the spoon cover all 9000
tastebud area it warm it up okay
grabbing up that top go it's the guy
that state that cream pure vanilla
sweeteners that's a 10 your take my can
s toxic waste how long can you keep one
in your mouth he was in seconds total
was 30 seconds cry-baby 45 seconds Toxie
wannabe just you do it for a full minute
full Toxie it open it what do you think
it's gonna look like a toxic waste
yeah it might just be a pop tab well
sure
oh so it is like hard candies awesome
hold on hold on Noah there's a really
nice box
I don't know don't read black okay
where's the blue good the blue one so I
think I feel like these are warheads or
something yeah put it in your mouth
oh yeah mine was yellow no chin up with
us just throwing me out in my head right
now north of the tower I honestly think
it's the same as like a warning I was
maybe a little extra Sarah forget it
full minute nothing okay so that was our
shower weird candy video yes we hope you
guys enjoyed the sour candy video what
was your favorite candy huggers I think
the butter drizzle is your favorite um I
like that one yeah I like a toxic one
really I like the pop rock well sorry
those were good thus our specimen toxic
and then the flavor of fizzy ones we're
really good yeah and I Suz good now I
feel good I also like the fizzy soda one
that was fun too but the packaging on
those is like really cute I'm gonna say
the Sodra my favorite because it was the
most surprised like new ideas run Jack
so and they are so busy yep
should you not a video soon are we ready
thanks guys see you next time
say bye you see you next time see you
next time
