no and I picked out it can't be a car
yeah at the grocery store today everyone
did
yeah just for no reason yeah forget
about it oh sure fun would you pick this
out we just think you're such a good mom
we just love you seriously is a hug for
you
this is nothing I ordered this like
weeks ago and I was muhammad' part of
the card house we get to see her
mother's day never came
oh my gosh it's here find me yeah we
think that the story know would pick out
of course that's how I get into the
horses I saw it I was like oh that's
perfect yeah trying to prank me a fake
butterfly pray pray corny let's go this
red um butterflies tank wars gosh no not
you how you give me back babe I'm
terrible friends I'm gonna put one hand
in cold water one hand in warm water
human
thank you like actually hurt me you're
uh you're gonna go a little cheaper
ready ready Oh mr. nothing is so cool
thank you for the card maybe ready
watchdog watch let's see I need to like
sing a Disney song hey we got applesauce
and stuff on it whoa what the heck
happened - I sure yeah you keep wearing
white shirts which is not a good idea
with other kids
I won't even kid oh my gosh my heart is
still my stomach jumping out you're so
mean I was gonna freak each other back
and forth of that we've been scary
didn't warm this little lady insisted on
bringing her purse into the car and to
the stores did you bring her purse let
me see your purse let me see your purse
where's your purse she's just doing it
we just rode our bikes through this
field with the trailer connected to it
Jenna
struggling I said to go down to gear but
I thought that meant like go to a
hardware gear no I meant like make it as
easy as possible
oh yeah what was the first thing I
noticed when you woke up this morning um
I played baseball second thing number
two Arizona yeah yeah we go to Arizona
he's so excited so we were here I just
discovered this I didn't know this about
our little like carrier thing yeah
there's a place for drinks for our
baseball gear here and the kid said
thank you yeah when we went to the park
this morning for lunch I put all our
lunch stuff back here waters and stuff
it was cool sit down sit down in your
seat
where did she throw it yeah oh yeah no
just took a little tumble on his bike
for the first time so he's gonna sit in
the carriage with sis okay so we are
gonna go to the park just to park in our
neighborhood and eat lunch there
we ate lunch at the park yesterday with
our friends and it was really fun so I'm
gonna get these kids out of the house
and then later when sis takes a nap I'm
gonna take No - ta use house all right
let's go
it's a beautiful day park today
no one's here which is nice andis little
baby we packed lunch gonna have some
lunch here today oh good job good job
now we're play catch catch or catch
play with you sometimes I could teach
you
- well yeah - kids now babe this
happened with the camper Chotu you
forget that PJ don't show nothing now to
do everything oh yeah they got a they
got to get better at sharing yeah this
kids were in detention
this baby a straight-up chillin right
now well not anymore
ah chillin
sooo cute I think the grass thank you
baby
you just chillin where's your ball I'm
gonna walk a baby my goin look at you
baseball baby this little duo okay
the soft one I love that he runs even
when he misses Oh somebody keep going
you to be right you went down chilly - 2
this clip on me good baby
yeah and I want to come back to Florida
so we just facetimed with Josh and Joey
we were with them in Florida they were
there some of our pretty good friends
yeah they're so awesome to us and I've
been like stressing out because we both
ahead they have their baby and like went
off the grid
things were going crazy and I was so
worried and I was like I didn't want to
text Josh but then I would like text me
Oh like I'm not so lucky like everything
give in yeah and they just had like a
crazy delivery and experience and I look
at them oh absolutely
I don't think they've shared much about
it but we got to see the baby and to see
Lucy in China she in a week in two days
or something like that a week maybe
almost two weeks now is it that I am
making half probably oh their instagrams
are right here if you guys remember them
and want to go follow them and Rev so
happy for them oh my gosh the babies
laugh she is she's so cool she's a lot
of hair too so much she's like the cute
auburn haired Penelope yeah like they
have the same amount of hair this like
when they were both born same part
I just love new babies and they come to
the world I was like I mean we realize
that nobody's know little anymore
she's busy the whole time I sitting here
like when we were chatting like think
about like okay did I soak up all of
that newborn goodness from PJ cuz you
only get that new boy than this one time
with each kid it's like only it's funny
a special time those first couple weeks
are so unique and different than the
rest they really are I mean I've looked
at every stage of both of the kids like
I know it's so crazy it's just like like
I get why people have more and more
babies because like they forget that
look we're not having a baby right now
but you know like that new boy sees
there's nothing like that newborns
cuddling a newborn baby I mean the
crying sound the greatest but they cry
whether one be cry one they're three and
then when they're three they can almost
say they can talk back
yes you hurt your feelings anyways
congratulations Dorian just I don't know
I'll see this but it was so fun
facetiming with us elfin and we're
excited we'll have to face him again
when the kids are weak because Noah asks
about them often yes he did a baby and
the baby he always asked if the baby's
here baby's here now she's so cute but
you should pick up if I called oh hello
I was just about to say I bet you bet
you I bet you she would pick up a fight
card yeah you ready to eat that wings
Starla's Oh we just ordered spicy ramen
spicy ramen do undo the sour candy
challenge with us well yeah we just
ordered spicy ramen - did I mention not
yet and it's gonna be here on Monday so
next week we're gonna do the spicy ramen
challenge which a lot of people have
commented that isn't it yeah anyways I
got two different kinds spicy and really
really spicy and I think to be fair I'll
just have Jen to the spicy and I'll do
the extra spicy I'm actually really
excited like I hope it tastes good
oh I'm so jealous she has like a hundred
bags of candy right now in her house we
just don't buy cookies or sweet
what was it
were there bees in the pool was it scary
yeah
