so what do we just find out so I just
found out that in Arizona where we're
living
they have sports for three-year-old
three to four year old for taking so
much baseball soccer yeah should we go
watch some kids play baseball on
Saturday yeah we should you love doing
that huh
would you watch me i I'm going over
yeah great they go Noah yo you want to
try mom's root beer will she like it
one
when I tell myself I'm not going to buy
anything but then always leaves with
something I thinks it's books instead of
toys right got some books read a book
now
no isn't enjoying books more and so I
got some there this really cute book
that it takes shape like a trash truck
it's all about fast truck yeah shake
your booty paper
no what are we getting punchy I love
that he cause of the countries now we've
trained him well
so shout out to Janet she donated honor
sir
she's like I'm up to go Brasilia drinks
we hadn't gone yet until today oh that's
a big lemonade dude don't drink all of
it
hello do you try mom's root beer you
like it
we're going home worth it one more set
I got your you did like about spicy we
just a live stream today some of the
guys thought it was 20 minutes long I
think it's the past couple days have
been kind of insane just I've had a lot
of extra work to do editing recording
revisions I watched a vlog by Micah just
a couple minutes ago and he talked about
like making revisions for companies and
stuff robot yeah and it was a really
hits home and also like people when they
talk to you bout like what you do and
stuff you saying like sometimes people
feel a little him for his job use like
making a documentary and stuff and it's
always like I'm like you know sometimes
when people like to you to us whether
like what we do or different things that
happens other times people are like wow
it's crazy that's really cool anyways I
have a bunch of other projects that are
coming up too so it's just been a very
busy month which you gotta love it's
good for us gonna buy you that house
babe yo you want to try mom's root beer
will she like it
oh babe oh my I didn't think she would
do that
my kids just like I just like let us
fall out of their mouth like how could
you
we don't really give our kids pop you
know and I do have like a little sip of
root beer I think that's what happens
they don't like pop Noah he hates it she
offices like either so it's great one
for me so there's this new store in town
that has tons of different decorating
things or in the kids section right now
I've actually never seen anything like
this even at the Lego shop they have all
of the different Lego minifigs I've
never even seen these at those Lego
stores I got these storm troopers and
Star Wars ones and then superheroes and
Toy Story over here and then you can
just like grab any single one you want
click insane and then of course Noah
found this little cart which is filling
up of things did you got to put all
those back before we leave I'm taking
over the Instagram account for a company
either next week or the week after that
I'm not sure exactly when but they're
pay me to do it and I wanted to get some
more decorations for our broom and our
house because I thought that would be a
lot of like the pictures that were going
to be posting for them so I just told
Jen that like she should try and find
some stuff to put we'll put in our new
place - hey likes for dragons PJ put a
bit he'll be back
hey check it out Harry Potter you know
the place we met in Cheney there's like
Pyongyang kind of expensive gift it's a
really cool story I always feel bad for
stories that are awesome like this where
we live though because it's like a very
good consumer location people just care
and this story is freakin awesome they
have a ton of really cool things that's
in another location a lot of people go
to it so it kind of like makes me sad
sometimes I think they're like little
local businesses to here like split into
little sections as well as local places
and Jen's looking at some sandals for PJ
they're like moccasins in DUI God Bobby
she like some we've realized why it's
called vocals because all local
businesses that they put in one store
which is really cool Elizabeth with
support local businesses well I like
these cork rock for those are cute oh
this is where that picture wise Oh what
is this the hot sauce all of the hot
sauce careful Noah I want to turn all
the sauces on the show hot ones to be
guessing that your view show don't tune
your shoes it's the Ewings and they
interview like oh okay yeah I know to
have some of them here to bomb oh yeah
Mad Dogs molten gold baby
those look very very spicy oh I wish no
enjoyed stuff like this because these
are all I felt like not velcro flannel
ish type things that like stick to our
boards flannel board it's okay for
Christmas maybe lost ant took our
kitchen I got it please never let's go
fishing are so cute sand its fidget
sinners oh look at this whole thing up
edges centers so they've got like crazy
Japanese fidget centers crazy metal for
just dinners so many dinners tak time of
the NBA Finals right now Warriors vs.
Cavs
I honest I think the lawyers are going
to win it they have to like they seem
like the much superior team I feel like
they're going to win in four or five
well they could go to seven
you know referees yeah LeBron get to go
in Kyrie but yet
um warrior where's we got warriors or
calves okay I'm going to baseball oh
yeah
so what do we just find out so I just
sent out that in Arizona where we're
living
they have sports for three-year-old
three to four year olds which makes me
so happy because in so many states get
to be four or five yeah and so you can
play soccer and baseball and I love the
program like that I found online we have
like a summer like summer registration
that fall usually all year-round which
is amazing at school no longer Arizona
said they do have futsal you're like
yeah I love it you own you football -
would you say four six and seven else
when your audience is fight football yes
they're nice and now to fall all right
so what do you want to play knowing
baseball soccer yeah should we go watch
some kids play baseball on Saturday yeah
we should you love doing that huh
would you watch me I are we gonna do a
lot yeah agree if they go no up should
we make a Winnie of your first game
should we make you big sign this guy's
gone oh uh would you like that I was
telling him that we go see kids to
baseball and watch them that me and Dad
insist we'll come watch him yeah and
that we have a really exciting know what
do you think Penelope's gonna want to
play 51 day waffle football ball
volleyball yeah are you excited buddy
well he's really excited to get the
shoes and yes sir can I get baseball
shoes no what position you difference
cookie yeah I mean it's low level hey
what what position you want to play in
baseball go on to be first base yeah I
think you'll play everything it'll be
different pitcher he's really good
people throwing in Babaji not always
like I can't imagine him knowing all the
rules of like what to do now and it's
been just friend I feel like we used to
take into the games and stuff like
little kids game to see that the parents
are there with them because I feel like
the first one is like yeah and all I'm
sure he'll go look at most of the
practices we said to get
a bowl but it's fun it's like October to
December it'll be really good time yeah
man looks very sweet I think it'll be
good for us as we transition to Arizona
because then we'll meet kids on the team
there'll be some make some friends some
other pair bellevue three and
four-year-olds missing yeah crazy dude
by the time your for oh my goodness
you're hitting home runs
oh yeah who's your favorite basketball
player Jimmy well who's your favorite
the second favorite
third favorite oh let's take now over
the midnight snack you said I knew eat
right before bed cucumber because you
guys cucumbers on your permit do like
LeBron James do they carry Dan me blob
put Jenny Kevin Durant table mean Bob
way like Michael Jordan yeah I carry me
well by Jimmy Butler Bob way also no I
can't a stormtrooper now the ones on
foot
kind of sad is just entrepreneur Mazzone
and we come from storage to store my
Waco there you don't ya okay we're gonna
everybody you anything else you I said
everyone
