one two three four five ah ah guys the
first time i've streamed from my phone
this thing on is this working how do i
see the chat oh there it is hey hey hey
hi is this really actually kind of cool
so hi hi hi hi
no I hola it worse oh hey don't ya don't
hit scuse me welcome to I everything
guys this week has been insane like so
many different opportunities so many
different things happening check out and
on top of that on top of the a I can't
sit still when I talk I can't sit still
when I talk on top of that two weeks or
three but when if we get back three
weeks ago
ever since we got back has it been like
that yes I thought this week's been
night especially bed yes that's true
no p3 time for this pants yesterday on
purpose so there you go no um it's been
crazy it really has been crazy and I was
up till oh my goodness 4:00 a.m. last
night finishing a project that had to be
submitted today because adjustments were
made I've spent so much time on this and
the funny part is is it's only like one
minute it's really it's a great minute
well one of the things is only a minute
long I film so much anyways I thought we
would do a little livestream on the app
today wait we're how do I flip this how
do I flip this how do I flip this oh
there it is
hey PJ just pulled out a bag of Doritos
and is eating it PJ can you show
everyone your walkie yeah you guys
haven't missed anything yet so I would
say PJ is officially walking now way
more than she's crawling yes she was
walking more than crawling now oh oh oh
oh
I this kid's got a bag of tostitos she's
got Doritos oh she's all over the ground
Darth Vader cuz this thing's not doesn't
zoom and Darth Vader helmet over there
oh she's been dancing too all day should
we play some music and dances d what's
your favorite song to dance to death
besito oh wait that's my favorite
okay Google Play Esposito
alright five sure can throw a life in
you I will have it on first thing let's
dance girl oh I told you she's got a
dancing dress on this guy can't help it
dance either
oh hi okay okay okay the Doritos are
taking priority I know I know that life
am I gonna get copyright ah what
something I could play some hate this
song
I hate this song it's lives no and I
have started to do this thing and where
we have dance battles where he'll dance
and then he'll point to me and then all
pants then I'll point to him and we just
go back and forth it's pretty hilarious
hilarious oh no I just stepped on a
Dorito can you hold this for a second oh
yeah so what's new everybody love from
the UK that's so cool happy birthday
Britney Bryant happy birthday hey
Johnson fan Bay Casey hey Lily hey
lawanna hey hey Josh hey Lucinda and
Katie um Sarah Thomas
evany just trying to renames really fast
oh this light makes me look very shiny
today maybe it's a sunscreen I put on my
face
I think our scent this summer is just
sunscreen all of us
of us just like sunscreen all day long I
can't get it out of me why not a lot of
that sunscreen on me cuz you don't allow
me to happen a true there's me that's
true
but mostly I'm like I take the kids out
while Sam gets work done and stuff how
did you get these dreams they were from
our picnic today we had a picnic at a
pod you open I open them for no they're
already open it thank you how hot is it
there today is in the 70s it's been 80s
every day next week suppose me in the
high 90s middle 90s a haiku JC honey do
you see yourself Jewish are you walking
Elly everywhere this kids are watching
like some youtube kids video we're about
to leave but yeah it's been crazy I've
had so many different opportunities
lately which I'm super grateful for
because we honestly don't make a lot of
money just stuff of like YouTube views
like really any so that's like huge for
us being able to survive and it's with
companies that are freaking awesome yes
we are very specific so we they take
time yeah which it's okay really that
now that I'm in that zoom and pan here's
a question that for you guys anyone
watching the NBA Finals Game one tonight
who do you think is gonna win you don't
know who it's between warriors in heat
warriors in heat
my team is LeBron uh-oh sarcasm in cat
warriors and Cavs do you guys got for
the series I'm saying warriors in five
five actually I should just say four no
we'll say that for the video okay PJ we
got see how you want go girl that's all
you do now Wow watch if I meet you I
make you mad if I still your Drita's you
come here yeah this could be a Doritos
commercial all she does is walk now
though guys it's awesome
each day she gets a little bit more
steady she still looks like very wobbly
and likes to bear crawl a lot but
hey hey open up my Doritos oh you owe me
open them this girl loves respects doing
it dance
say mom seemed Esposito yeah Seto just
my seat but you but you but deeper then
Ichiro's finish I don't know Spanish
though
hey wait let's say hi and more people so
anyways I just wanted to do quick
livestream try this out on the YouTube
app it's actually pretty cool it works
um who's not so much summer break now
who's on summer break anyone doing
anything fun someone said are you guys
gonna get a pet today Jen said we're
getting a dog so no I just laughs okay I
would say 75% chance 75% chance that
lets you say this that we will have a
puppy before we have another baby you
ready here first likely baby number
three is a puppy yeah yeah not until I
don't give a happy until night we have
to be we have to move first
yes and I think PJ needs a little bit be
a little bit a little bit a little bit
older yeah and if the house is right
right away a see like this she's just
hiding with her Dorito oh wait is this
on the wall right there's like red
marker it's probably from your child my
child our child hey PJ were you hiding
over here this is the Doritos commercial
again guys this video sponsored none to
get ants on oh he's on summer break we
forgot to look still in school graduate
eighth grade eight and twenty days your
child that's what we say to each other
on our dream ed hey your chair your
child's down here your child dr. Avery
huh you're the cutest huh hey are you
behaving this gives my body this week
guys naughty
so what's discipline right
love you sorry feel like I'm lashing the
camera anything else you want to say to
everybody
oh let's see you Oh someone said I get a
puppy before you get the twins Oh
something that people okay are you done
baby huh you ready to go finished my
first year of college oh that's so
exciting we are getting ready to plan
our summer trips every year we go to
Chicago New York so those are some
things that we're gonna be booking today
soon like this by like next week we're
gonna have a Chicago in New York triplet
Stephanie Adams as triplets know when
you owe me says hi from the UK um 60
more days of class for Laura and you see
are you taking summer school goodness
goodness that's a lot of school it's
Rachel ahead her last day of high school
in Cache Valley I know a lot of you are
its Fridays today right yeah yeah yeah I
know unfallen cash or in Cache Valley
are finishing tomorrow I think hello
from Cali Kylie just graduated college
congratulations that's that's a big that
looks like that something's done looks
like that no makeup come on Jen looks
like that no makeup you're a makeup
today no I can't tell though like you
just said you guys Sam's gotten used to
me without makeup no some girls like
without makeup like they have put so
much on that it's like a whole nother
person he just always beautiful girl hey
gosh hey turn that down over there
control all the buttons on the iPads and
halos turning it up hey ivy live chips
PJ what do you want to tell the people
say hey you say hi say hi what noise has
a doggy make huh see dog dog dog yeah PJ
loves dogs so much see puppy hears no
one ever in said where's Noah you show
them your new garage checkbook yeah what
you got those kids like so obsessed with
garbage trucks oh my goodness he says
when he's older he's gonna pick up our
trash for us so no what do you like more
a garbage truck or recycling Chuck good
question chef miss Chuck yeah he said he
was gonna drive mom around once he
turned 16 again yeah Blackheart we lay
in bed he said mom I feel like it takes
him it's like figure out the word but
then he finally spits out when I older I
Drive and you sit he couldn't think of
what seated so he's like you said you
sit in your seat or the ice cream the
truck that I said yeah he's like you sit
in your seat
umm I Drive you someone said is Maya
here Maya are you here have you even pj
haircut yet we did once and it's kind of
time for like a little extra styling I
was almost about to cut her hair today
but then I was like throw it's probably
bad idea if I do it so we might take her
somewhere it's over midnight and I'm
watching a baby eat Doritos I always get
worried when the kids eat chips too cuz
I people say hot dogs are the things
kids choke on the most I swear it chips
to me like as a kid was the only thing I
ever choke done you're that chick chip
stuck in your throat and it's just like
ah um your brother's here Matt oh what a
Matt oh yeah so every night when it
snows like this is how it goes we try
and get know to say our family prayer at
night like every night that's like the
only / but we'll ask him to say and he
usually goes no and then he'll start
saying it and he always prays for the
ice cream man now he's supposed to ice
cream man yep what type of dog would you
get though what's the dog a 1 a Maltipoo
I want the most
I'm not sure something smaller Noah is
terrified Oh Oh baby
no one has gained a fear of large dogs
yeah we don't want a big one so the
other day Jen's been going at Pilates
like twice a week and when she's there
it's at night and like the kids are the
craziest at night just like it's
witching hour but every time Jim leaves
like something's going on right we're
just fine
yeah it's good it's good you gotta get
out you got dude thing like I can handle
it but the other night we are sitting
there and our neighbors have a German
Shepherd I mean a puppy but so big yeah
amazing it's an intimidating German
Shepherds are intimidating it's worse
than it's a puppy this is for my story
and we're just sitting there and all of
a sudden know is kind of like not
listening to me like listening has been
a very hard thing lately he's still 2
years old and we try and sit him down
becoming a three knit jerk teenager my
mom always tells me you guys don't
deserve that
cuz we're good listeners as kids but
anyway she's a great girl of the kid to
death he's amazing um so where was I
so we're sitting there he's not
listening to me and this German Shepherd
comes out of nowhere darting across the
street chasing Noah he was screaming so
it's a terrible Tuesday yeah everyone
says it guys works right it's chasing
Noah try and I don't know where this
dogs coming from I don't know is the
neighbors it's like almost like trying
to bite to like I could see like yeah
it's like trying to play and I was like
flight fight or flight myself like
Adrenaline's flowing I grabbed him um
and one arm got PJ and the other and
like put him up on this chair and I was
like oh my gosh she's dog is this like
what is going on and I actually thought
it was like a zoo Ellie did you have
enough chicks yet I think so anyways uh
I pick him up and the dogs like jumping
and also in the neighbors come running
across the street night I thought it was
just a stray German Shepherd so I was
ready to like do something I wouldn't
want to hurt the dog but I was just like
you know already like
run inside with the kids and anyways I
then told them like that's what happens
when you listen I figured so the funny
part is today
again he was listening and that our
neighbor other neighbor dog which is
huge huge dead life nobody don't wear
white okay don't be no sure oh no it's
arguing umm I expect that another dog
comes starting at him today and I was
like don't come like that that's why I
was here you don't listen
is that bad did I say that
anyways I was like scared the first time
yeah okay hey plants for Noah's birthday
hey Noah come here no I have a question
for you by your birthday one thing you
must forgive me buddy anytime we see
anything in the store okay so your
birthday today is just a June 1st
yep your birthday's in 26 days oh okay
what do you want to do for your birthday
what kind of birthday party do you want
mmm Star Wars Star Wars wants another
Star Wars party Star Wars party but no
what else do you want to do on your
birthday twins joining others ooh
would you rather see fish or go to the
zoo and see animals new birthday oh the
zoo
do you want to go to a baseball game
with mommy and daddy mm-hmm what what's
Shannon's birthday so I think we'll have
a Star Wars theme party and if I do
guess I'd say we're going to be in
Illinois so we'll probably do it with my
sister in court my sister Courtney and
Riley and their baby are living in a
hostage getting them are living in
Illinois this summer so
yeah so come have another family party
the question is like the hardest part
it's like Noah's birthday and then two
weeks later it's your birthday
so what are we gonna do for your
birthday where do you want to be I think
we'll be in New York woman no that's
what to you that's a long time to be
there
no cause it'd be a week in Chicago in a
week in New York
hey good don't figure dies ever you want
to be I'm not sorry I miss home oh my
birthday did me know we were there I
know you wanted to fight him on your
birthday in June my home that is super
weird I've been like I really wanted to
just be traveling on every oh I didn't
know reason we come the day after 8:00 I
can't remember it no we celebrated your
birthday I mean no I don't worry they're
followed the eight no no no we did it in
uh at my parents house cuz we got
doughnuts and we got pizza New York
style pizza yeah at your paradise yeah
yeah yeah IRA that's ready my Pokemon go
came out did we not celebrate your
sister's don't you guys that was two
years ago don't the dog cakes no less
black shirt Oh
last year's of my friends I remember
because I woke up with you guys what's
that specialty doughnut shop in the
morning with my mom right and then I
went got near sell pieces and Pokemon go
ahead just come on anyways we'll figure
it out Wow 17 minute lives three baby uh
so anyways been kind of crazy yo
Noah scan update it's doing a little
better I thought was eggs my someone the
comment I said it was this one thing I
searched an M and then my other friend
said that as well I can't lumber the
name now I'm just she did great I know
it she's kind about to the Doritos
reminder ears go um so I I think with
thought was like eczema was
this other thing that searched an M
that's like it looks like pimples all
over your body that just spreads thank
you doing better anyways okay guys uh we
are going to end the livestream
shout out to Croatia say bye bye say bye
see say bye say we got to do something
huh
she wants to eat when she's bored this
has been fun this video a ways to say
this videos my birth-control needs to be
over the counter this video is why birth
control need to be over the counter
thank you
yeah I was like is that it dis start
dice cuz uh oh I'm the best parent out
there you better believe it you better
believe it
I love as a funny comment anyways good
times good times
my sister said the same thing when she
comes to visit oh yeah hey kids are hard
work like you were the same way person
that just said that kids are hard work
they take 100% of your attention and we
have a pretty dang good time with them
never been happier
cuz I'm about to turn 30 next year hey I
feel like I'm living life as their vlog
today this was it this should be on the
channel when this is over 20 minute
livestream from our phone never tried
that before so that's kind of cool how
that worked and the I joke about being
the best vantage area anyways
what are you watching dude what is this
police kids
alright guys good times
a vlog tomorrow big good time and what
am I gonna shave soon soon mom mom mom
every time I face them with my mom how
could you shaved but I think Jen's
always like don't shave to struggle guys
who do you make happy your why your way
yeah alright guys see you guys tomorrow
vlog things ringing out we'll see you
then have a great day wonderful
wonderful wonderful wonderful see bye
bye you guys sucker thanks bug girl
that's my girl
alright shut up MV vlogs Darlene Darian
Vanessa Naomi Jessica Michael and
brielle corina are white bye bye
Jeanette Janet I mean Sarah pilot okay
good times guys love yes see you
tomorrow
peace
