hello hello hello hello
I picked a random song on soundcloud I
have no clue what that was
welcome to today's live stream wearing
my nerdy headset
we got Jenna in the background this is
kind of a wide-angle lens so BIG's
everything far away like funny come say
what's up hey what's up beeps oh wait
Oh dab all right guys so we're gonna do
something new this time let me make sure
that we're live you guys see me yes hi
hello hello okay you guys can see me
cool
Louise Britney April Adair the Queenie
1973 today was a really busy day I was
filming with Jen we were filming some
content and taking photos and things for
a brand dad I've never worked with
before it's I told you the wide-angle
lens like so I like less distorted but
the further out you go
anyways really cool stuff that I'm super
excited about maybe like the biggest
brand I've ever worked with which is
really cool so anyways I edited some of
the video that we got I think we have
like six or seven minutes and I thought
that we could watch the vlog together
and then we could do a little bit of
livestream as well so I'm gonna go ahead
and click and play on that because some
people might watch this later and then I
don't
to sit through a bunch of livestream
before getting to that Noah and Jenna
had some pretty cute time together
yesterday so I'm gonna go ahead and play
that real quick and then we will talk to
you guys again in one second let's see
if I can get this to work happy right
you oh there it is you guys see it okay
I'm gonna go ahead and click play happy
must've loved everybody do you know that
February is the month of love well not
technically I mean happy wants to be a
month of love but you know what I mean
Valentine's Day and I'm planning on
getting a babysitter this weekend like
Booker for Valentine's Day because man
babies go fast and my neighbor and I
play X I'm like I wanna go on a date
with Sam we're going on a date in like
way too long so I'm like hey Maya so
just schedules Valentine's Day you know
I'm going a proper lovey date I'll be
fun
nice nice I feel it anyway this kid at
school today right yep he's been doing
really well we're scheduling pre-k
already for next year and then you
somebody can't afford it so crazy it's
gonna be here before we know it him
going to kindergarten which is just
really crazy it kind of boggles my mind
and PJ actually fell asleep in the car
going to pick up Noah so I was I was
gonna try to keep her awake but you know
if she's feeling tired I'm just gonna
let her sleep now and she can just eat
lunch when she wakes up and now by the
time it is right now we've actually all
kind of waited to eat a late lunch but
it's all good he's been okay here's a
snack at school I'm hoping that this
month is a is a happy positive better
month than last month
it wasn't all terrible it was just a
very month I posted an Instagram picture
but
snapping it has it's not been now we're
currently playing games this is our
third game we played operation yeah we
played which is really good for their
little motor skills counter chickens
this is actually really fun and really
cute we like this one a lot it's pretty
simple now we're playing catch the Fox
any was saying this month was kind of
yeah first was kind of rough I feel like
these right here just didn't work
anymore with these two well this one
cute human and the one upstairs just
leaving a month it was rough it was
rough
someone's ears haven't been working I
think I need to clean them out is there
wax in those ears can you hear me in
there hello hello can you hear me let's
check let's check for wax in that ear
let's see nope I think you're clear oh
this one I think there's just a little
bit in there it's called not listening
to mommy and daddy wax that's what's in
there
but really it's been rough you got one
just click once already he's gonna wipe
across his head like oh I know it's
right to hear me but watch this honey
after you
okay my turn can you turn to wake up got
you huh the chickens in his pocket
yeah whatever yeah okay that's just once
one oh no I feel like it's gonna pop off
so anyways I'm hoping that today is a
more aware this month is just my
positive more happy healthy or listening
more everything pants oh oh let this guy
take a bath oh yeah a badge on your hair
so exciting I'm gonna try spending your
like 101 day was just hard during PJ's
nap I like to lay down because I'm still
tired I'm gonna try to like push past
that spend some time with him during her
nap see if that helps
just then these kids got emoji
Valentine's in their meals today and now
they're making notes
it's really cute oh that's Monica's and
that's it's okay we'll keep the eggs at
home oh yeah baby ours too
this one baby always yeah okay we'll
leave there's no one wants to go deliver
these to his little neighborhood friends
now it's really cute
he picked out the people he wanted to
deliver them to for does e that's about
that one says Debbie does e yeah okay
let's go deliver him you wanna come with
us Susie
he's scared guys no one was home no one
was home why would who are these ones
for some nice we actually went to the
wrong house I would have up to the kids
or jump roping together yeah good job
Oh ready Oh oh my god jump jump over it
jump go again
we're back how was that I don't have to
wear that anymore I was listening to the
sound of ebony beakers out here wait I
got somebody here with me say what's up
peeps so that was a little different we
just watched the clips of the vlog that
I was able to edit today together would
you guys it looks like that looks like I
can fix it easily what do you guys do
yesterday did you guys live or
Valentine's the first time we went
though is everybody home yeah yeah who
do you Valentines - yeah what was their
names though of the people you get
Valentines - yeah you remember you wanna
wear these you know what to show with
those on yeah okay maybe when we're all
done so guys yeah we did valentine's
yesterday we actually went to the wrong
house on one of them and it's because we
usually do usually at go through the
garage or something like how did we get
that confused or we just meet at the
park so that was actually pretty funny
and and then we went to a couple other
people's houses but another kid's room
just the adults so we didn't get to
really capture much of that yeah then
let's see can I make this
hey hey those are expensive so here we
are let's see I got the chat right here
my hair looks good thank you guys thank
you thank you thank you that at names
what are what are we thinking about
doing for Valentine's if we can get away
did you get your baby it's like a little
tomorrow little switcheroo usually I
feel like the guys that hit the
babysitter and everything and you're
doing it this time is that just make me
a bad house no it makes me just
desperate for a long time from this this
is the crazy time of the night we just
eat dinner part of hatching our gnocchi
yo you want to play bad phones what
about your headphones let's go everybody
so I'm trying to read comments but it's
difficult to read them from far away I
would like to say what happened today
but not names or anything yeah exciting
news what our niece was born today yeah
we're so excited
Cortney Sam sister had her baby today
two weeks overdue she was 42 weeks
pregnant but the baby was it's beautiful
and healthy and still so small like if I
went two weeks over I would have a huge
ginormous baby but that's really
exciting
I'm really excited for court but we're
not going to do say the name I think
that later how am i been feeling today
how am I feeling Britney Hobbs you're so
sweet I'm tired today
I'm tired every day today that's
actually busy though the last couple
days I've been busy with work stuff and
keeping the kids entertained while Sam
gets his work stuff done and while we
film stuff and you guys at the worst
crack on my heel and it hurts so bad
and OH every time I take a step it hurts
that was so random but that time feeling
today pretty good pretty good
Noah's been a little bit better he had a
moment today but he's doing better so
that makes my life easier um how's the
sowing going I sowed a few little things
like fixed a hole in Sam sure and fixed
a hole in PJ's shirt but I haven't had
time to like go and like look at fabric
or to make anything because it's been
mayhem this entire month of January has
just been plenty crazy so that is my
goal in the next couple weeks is to make
something this month am I having a boy
or a girl
Anissa Chris I'm having a boy another
boy which will be really fun PJ napping
yes PJ is back to napping thank goodness
she stopped she hasn't put up a huge
fight in a while thank goodness
yesterday she felt sup in the car and I
like 11:30 which is like an hour and a
half before her normal naptime I was
like okay and just took her to bed and
she slept for another just up for two
hours it was great
so I usually like sitting her door
though but I haven't had to rock her in
a while so that's nice um April a day
yes no is it is a handful lately he is
oh my goodness looks like they're
playing well dodgeball how many kids do
you want total says violet three there's
a really good chance that this could be
our last yeah you never know I mean I
think our limit is four for sure
I think we're gonna have any more than
four but right now three is too was
looking good so three is three is great
yes we do have name ideas B but we're
not gonna say them yet I might do one of
those videos names I like but won't use
our names I like and may use there's
like a tag video I might do that say
like me my favorite I can barely get
this thing around me and you have to
like quadruple it
let's see some what um let's see look at
me okay see you need the ones to know we
need the Benjamin wants to know when of
a bunch of challenges coming I could do
it right now on the live stream no I'll
uh is that in focus
yeah I'll do it I'll make like a special
video I guess someone was saying I
should like focus someone was saying I
should do like a special video hey BB
and Jay blogs wants to know if we're
gonna get a van honestly we already have
a 79 passenger cars no Jen fix it yeah I
mean having like the pilot seats would
be really nice but I don't think we'll
get a van anytime soon so better no okay
this is that better
let's see I'm gonna track down in a
while I just got really tired you
control you can I was gonna put
extension cord on it all right
let's play the game I'm sitting down
you get three shots to try and get me in
the test okay nope oh wait yeah you're
okay Teddy oh I should be bigger this is
like the little kid Bridget Pierce is
sissy thrown at me too oh did you guys
see Noah at the arcade when he hit like
I might focus it's right to tell me is
on the back soon enough yeah when he hit
yeah that's crazy
okay you go over there I'm a thirty you
know you hope to because I get three
days yeah okay
don't help me daddy don't you love how
every dad has to cover their area from
their child because they have a softer
in the closet like all hidden I know
hiding over here Noah did say today that
you wanted to play t-ball this fall she
has a baby instead of events that's true
that's sir these are like really squishy
Miley really soft here you guys want to
come over here PJ can you count us down
ready
where are you at say what three two
oh no I don't all matter be right back
we are watching the Super Bowl on Sunday
we're gonna go over to Monica and
Elliot's actually you know we're going
to Elliott's parents house and we're so
we're gonna watch it there I think there
was a reason it was in the closet
yes and I'm Rhea there was a reason it
was in the closet
Pat's Eagles skills no I don't want the
Patriot my family my whole family loves
the Patriots but me because their uncle
is a parent oh wait he's in the
documentary Tom Brady I decide
I'm ready hey Tom Brady yeah do you
think they're gonna be flat balls again
oh no I think four regular season and
I've also heard that was like planted as
like almost a joke or like something I
don't know I saw that picture this
who's doing the chip challenge me Monica
could not handle the chip challenge guys
she probably could but we only have one
chip yeah we'll get another one this is
even this one's 25% hotter than last
year hmm point nine million Scoville
unit no no I was watching a lot of
people doing it like the I had the time
famous people that are we all done do
you have a room for the baby yes we do
sure you didn't know we're now sharing
rooms let's go do that get some time
yeah we're gonna wrap it up guys so that
was a little different next time if we
ever do something like that no no more
we don't say that can you go talk to him
Jen yes are you oh me too all right guys
guys that was coming my way
this has been this has been quite the
month there's been attitude there's been
misbehavior there's been way more
discipline than anything else so if
there's any discipline your kids it
starts to wear on you you start to feel
bad you start wondering if you're a good
parent we've been pretty strict new year
extra strictness sometimes we're even
more strict
well you weren't here and when he was to
Anu but you're out of town oh yeah but
at the end of the day these are my
people right here we still love him we
love everybody talk about who's not even
this one's too anyways yeah so we've
been the month just with all like the
sickness and all that and just like it's
been pretty crazy as far as parenting
goes and oh thank you you guys
kids are too funny exactly kids are
gonna be kids how old are you again how
old are you three nobody can see you
ready yeah how old are you three three
do you like being 3 yes it's pretty
awesome
this number which one this one not
before yeah yeah being 3 is pretty
awesome guys kids is the greatest thing
that's ever happened to us
it helps us I mean I feel like I'm a
better person because of my kids and
anyone that's been a parent knows who
can relate with what I'm talking about
if I've made any sense hardest job in
the world but also the most rewarding
absolutely absolutely and I also like
whenever we we I don't feel like we
typically post like so bad moments like
of misbehavior in vlogs because I don't
feel like that's like usually what flux
are all about but I know sometimes when
you're looking at other kids you
probably like well they're angels
they just obey and everything I think
it's good to have some perspective that
like our family's not perfect so don't
feel bad if your kids are being bad you
know because I feel like there's some
pressure sometimes Courtney's doing
great though she sent us a text I don't
I would show you guys a picture but
that's up to her to share with the world
and not me chip challenge I think I'll
film it either tonight or tomorrow
there's no going back
all right guys I'm gonna go and be a
parent I just wanted to also say that
changing changing from Mondays you like
to chica is that your new thing Yuka so
you got a Dominican restaurant you know
I got you cut yucca yeah you like to cut
do you guys like Jukka she should we see
what this thing says uh doing outtakes
of all the bad moments it takes a while
it's too late so we don't know if
they've had Jukka do you guys like Jukka
anyways guys maybe I'll just see what I
mean anyways switching to Monday through
Friday I think will be really good for
us too because it gives us time to catch
up and also just create better content
so never had it I think it'll be good
for us I last weekend was like my first
weekend where I literally took off from
everything in four years and people who
may say well you guys have every single
day to spend and have fun excuse me but
it's not always the case
so anyways good time hanging out
and I'm very excited for what's to come
and we're happy that this month is over
this was fun
I'm going to go ahead and end the
livestream get these kids in the tub
into bed love you guys thank you for
hanging out and I will see you on Monday
maybe will be an extra video but I do
have to I have to work on like the
vegans gonna be good for me to not the
weekend will be good for me to work on
brand stuff when there's like extra
things to do anyways alright we'll see
you guys later have a good night and a
great weekend and enjoy the Super Bowl
if you're gonna watch it before the
commercials are good
