see by me when when I was baby
yeah he sure was huh he was your pal huh
even though you were allergic to him you
sure are your lizard everything he do is
do the same what soap Nicky your Harley
pooping is your favorite memory all my
people all my people grew bag oh my god
so last night I went to bed I came down
well before I got ready for bed I should
say I came down and started cleaning up
penalty's mess because she always an
option before they both always talked to
him before anyway then I was like what
are those and there were ants and I have
realized that like I have not seen any
ants and spraying my ortho stuff but
where they are coming from was like
literally the only place I hadn't
sprayed I just didn't think they had
come out come over here I just sprayed
them where I had seen them like last
year what's freaking answer spooky me
key and they came in of course they
found a way to come in through a way
that from one place I didn't spray so I
sprayed it last night
and there's a bunch of little dead ones
down a and um do not make it through two
barrier which I'm so pleased about
because it's just awesome because it
works it works amazingly no okay oh come
here
retail can you tell us what happened
today why ain't wages sick and he going
to dog heaven yeah Riley had to go to
dog heaven today yeah doctors took care
of him he's not hurting anymore though
right nope he's not he's in doggy heaven
now it was already ready for another dog
but that he's naming him flash flash
flash good name Oh careful careful dude
Wow careful careful when when Taylor
jumped out of the car when I got here
from minutes ago he came over and told
me that he gave me a hug and then even
Abel gave me a hug now but it's nicely
all you all got to say goodbye to him
and we got to see him yesterday which
was d'origine really happy
yeah he wasn't feeling so hot hey kind
words please what
yep when we go to heaven we'll see him
he'll be waiting at the gates for you
jumping around ah
our little Ewok I'm going to say and
there's a short amount of two years I
have known hardly my favorite memory
with Harley is a just walking outside my
and you're seeing Harley just chilling
out in the grass back bar you see yeah
so clicking this bush it's like I've
come out of your time Chris Taylor would
like leave the door open or something
and then Harley would just hang out get
some Sun and I'd go let him get back
into your house like Trish your dogs
here our back is about what's your
favorite hardly memory Oh
when we first got Harley Harley was a
runaway he wasn't we were not he was
never wasted yeah and so he dig out the
fence and he would run away and one day
we were coming home and we felt like
with brown fur on the side of the road
and the horizon thought it was Harley oh
I'm sorry like balling it where our
thought were like oh you ran away he got
killed but then we let you go when you
like shaken his tail and wagon and just
came back yeah he kill he comes back all
the time but you just he just ran away
on time but nine miz' the years to come
no he would just hang out you just
things out he was such a good doggie
he was never barked who is just like sit
by you just wanted to hang out and the
kids good miss sleeping really oh yeah
he was his friend what's your favorite
memory of Harley you
yeah he sure was huh he was your pal huh
even though you were allergic to him you
sir are you do everything you need to
change what soap McKean
your Harley pooping your favorite memory
hardly poutine good memory
Ava Ava what's your favorite hardly
memory oh yes by her yeah Eva and then
you'd be like Harley retain your
favorite you know I know what's funny
though is that like Harley really is
Noah's favorite dog and you know we
talked about who to say I want Harley
one of your dog oh I know the time now
we can't get like another dog says
there's no dog that's like no there
isn't
Harley was a really good dog there's
like no that's why no I liked him
because he was really chill no it
doesn't love lots of dogs but Harley he
did love West impedes Harley jinx Disick
sure
oh okay kept with that force mister yeah
Harley did come to our house ah you
really wanted to keep them on outing
that in the vlog I was like the only dog
no really like this monkey yeah
- peridot every night before bed I
hardly put my dog in get bored you got
into doors oh that damn oh oh yeah you
did good memory child good memory
what's your favorite memory of Harley my
favorite memory apparently was that day
where we went and picked him up he had
him in the car where his owners okay got
some help
Davis Harley this is my favorite memory
of that was as we were pulling up to
where tail and spindly lives
Harley like perked up covered a leg just
as we were entering the area yes not
even the actual place he's getting
really excited like she loved that
family so much
I was so I'm so glad that we had an
opportunity to like talking for the day
you know and until I got seen yesterday
I didn't get along it was really nice
hack and a little pet because I didn't
realize that that would be my goodbye to
him I wish I had like had a proper
goodbye with Hartley but my saddest
goodbyes oh that's one of my animals was
my dog Barney had yet to sleep because
his back was really hurting him and I
was in kindergarten and I went to say
goodbye to him and he bit me on the
oh no is this and I cried no that's
really sad it's really kind of sad for
you you're like I'm trying to tell you I
love you to bite me on the fingers yeah
yeah we got another Jackson after Chloe
yeah oh my got Chloe yeah nice Mary
Devon receipted yeah Declan
yeah Mike are you back with me he's mean
Chloe I thought Chloe passed away - my
parents were out of town anywhere son
was watching her be like ah no I think
they took Vic him over to see Chloe that
morning and found her Fox died hello we
did die that was daddy's doggy ah
everything you have things to do this
summer and for Noah's birthday I think
we're gonna be in Chicago for newest
birthday mm-hmm we'll probably take him
to a game that'll probably be just us
mm-hmm yeah and then I found out that
there's a dog place and my parents so
that we could take PJ it's all really -
some puppies she would love that
here you ha oh hi hi I do
she likes to hold Noah's peepee cub he's
never peed in it though so it's sanitary
it stirred emergencies also since we're
in traffic to get to dinner
um oh yeah so that makes me brings me to
tonight we were like I just didn't feel
like cooking tonight and so we're going
to go to dinner with Te'o family and
have a little in memoriam of Harley
dinner to celebrate his cute little life
that weird dude
the boys in David's working tonight so
we're gonna go to his work so they
should be fun hopefully everyone has
some smiles tonight
oh hang out
oh wait redo redo like again how all my
people all my people know people do bag
oh my gosh oh no no I said oh my god
David I was the cutest so like I have a
friend this is you guys okay so my word
for one word little crazy okay calm down
calm down calm down calm down calm down
ah the bun
he hasn't noticed me yet
every night Maya know that dancer
maybe you write your own late hey okay I
had to make my Rita better you're dying
oh what's that
the higher you are you know the woman
you already
ooh burn hold on
