ah
one
dump day welcome to the flog today we're
gonna go hang out with some friends
we're on our way to hang out with some
friends have a wonderful barbecue a
wonderful time a wonderful wonderful
wonderful can you say wonderful Anatomy
can you say wonderful wonderful take a
negative wonderful a wonderful do I need
a shirtless that's wonderful
biggest this is wonderful guys I feel a
little under the weather today I
definitely I know it is too late okay
I'm not going sick Mac
on the drive down the pillows of
everybody we're excited a few things on
the way like somewhere today
almost here
it's crazy so much has changed the
realities get I just try to come out
every time to collars hand vulgar no we
have grown up together so adults now
kids build houses mortgages rent cars
slaves I hasten to make me take shakes
tonight cake cheeks yeah I think so and
I kind of busy single if anyone wants a
piece of that oh hello sir hey that's a
on that fatty know what they're playing
spikeball Lily's here baby Ren's over
there with Holly and I was got well yeah
yeah see I did
hi okay like so are you see yourself
you see ya do you see yourself TJ hi
what are you doing be careful don't go
here to hurt yourself that's not a seat
at the pool am I
Oh what get it back Miller no no don't
do it don't do it do it oh you men got
that on camera for your wife Oh
according to get CJ yeah oh yeah baby oh
yeah
everything was he being bullied
automatic you're fine because you're
okay you guys throw back at him don't
put up with that nor do we hear this Hey
oh my layout I just did a gift every
fortnight run back woo commissioner
beautiful oh yeah they are sq8 maybe OPP
idea or definitely are you getting on OA
don't drop it
good dancer but you know what a day yeah
dances whoops nice Dan Oh Oh seems like
it's time on gun time oh oh doesn't the
seat in this footage
can you get back Millie that's not yours
shake your booty Noah yes well those
that hear the music
Oh belladonna no go on the grass so you
don't drop the bone again and you're
kissing meny go on the ground you do the
meaning he does the whip yeah
don't look up the Rosie go musica what
should we have to pass around there were
so many come in and go come in okay can
we pretend man dandelions your bag happy
birthday to you now blow out the candles
push in every day of your life you could
handle looks like about something a
little more common I know I've seen a
lot of airlines in the like we have a
rap album look I need teachers hey buddy
we want to I want
no tell me with trickshot sixes slider
header with Josh ready dude perfect
slices at eh-eh but yes it is making fun
one you want a shake for a popular with
the statute book 40 kilos which is known
for their hot dogs their Italian beef
and the KKK shape you notice or taken
all the special ingredients happy
relative out here was not going to tell
you three does he never like condensed
no you know what no you know no no no
you're gonna find out once you've had
some she watches seriously
ice cream - no I'm Charlotte poor barely
and then make this cake and sell out for
your mr. Gardiner Wow ladies hey miss
minimum minimum
it might hit him up Wow yeah we want
some ice cream
we're give you one without it I'm
co-managing to our car I'm a classic eat
the cake yep so we mix is so perfect
that we have earlier loud crazy colors
so the brothers how do you know I want
to casbah I think the worst um would be
I plug it in says like you my domestic
puppet no no baby
oh yeah I think Kevin Windham was okay
I've lobbied always gonna paint over
your barriers on the blink you gotta
hold that
wow wow right in there hope I let it go
oh wow and they're all my fault okay
these could want some cake shake fish no
nice for you try to open eyes for you
you ball this book how is it Wow nice
like the on mark wannabes like that now
you got a sticker bug little sticker 16
oh I'm trying to draw a 45-7 breeze
really with it nice try the hot rodders
pretty condemn her oh yeah you like that
we're close right over the gun and
you're free to articles
Green is good it's really gonna be a
little bigger game oh is that so good
business oh oh yeah oh she a little bit
sugar
she's love sugar delicious oh yeah great
day with friends it's so weird that we
have grown up we've changed it's always
a good time now see you guys tomorrow
