dude hey what's going on what's going on
we're winning all date
what do you hear what are you okay okay
look can i watch her oh my goodness yeah
I'm not to go workout
no has been waiting for the ice cream
man all day it's been sitting outside
the steps all day
I heard him - where is he though I can't
I don't see him now that way
no earned a dollar last night for
listening being good cleaning up
everything and it's because we didn't at
the ice-cream man yesterday he just
wasn't behaving so he had to earn it
today and he's literally been waiting
outside all day just waiting to hear the
music and me and him just heard like a
faint ice cream in so bruised ego that
way he's even been watching YouTube
videos today have ice cream man
like just listening to the song just
getting hyped yeah what's that dollar
for yeah ice cream man
he informed today garbage man that he
came to now would you sleep if I scream
in so go find him dude
kid hey kid I heard him too but I don't
know where it was coming from I don't
see him anywhere
it was almost like a mirage I have to go
back home and keep listening he's got to
come by at some point right yeah how he
didn't come my question is which ice
cream are you know yet
I think I need to check at a Canadian
check of Taxation and we did buy the
next cutest thing though look at this
mama duck in there baby ducks are they
doing over here
where they going Noah keep going darling
you know sir they go into the water find
your home
how many ice creams can you buy with
that dollar oh my one just one yeah you
trying to make another dollar soon yeah
what do you got to do to make a dollar
baked well you just keep waiting below a
little shiny hole hot outside today
actually it's a really nice day listen
no Justin outside basically the whole
day
mitem come inside one I had to go to the
store and pick the baby and I tried the
mostly just groove shop on like a Monday
normally we end up going to the grocery
store like multiple times a week that's
what we have been doing because I can
never decide what to do for like dinners
and stuff so like okay let's decide
right now and then go pick it up at the
store but I've been trying to do better
like last week last week was really good
you guys I'm really proud of myself I
had meals planned and had all those
stuffs I only had to go I only went to
the store last week I think once last
week that was really good I showed you
some of the stuff that we've gotten we
did pretty good going dairy-free for the
first week well not me and Sam but Noah
and Cannella P we're working on it
they're still just some cheese I just
don't want to throw it out don't sit
that's ah she's okay
meantime we'll just use the rest of the
regular cheese but I thought it might be
interesting I want to see what I got
this week tonight we're having some
fajitas and then I got this butter to
try out since it's vegan dairy-free some
guacamole to eat with the fajitas these
we had gotten a while ago I had bought
them both because the kids like love
them of course because they're filled
with sugar and the CEO
so we're just I'm just like finishing
those often I won't buy them again we've
got some cherries I'm trying I tried to
find the healthiest of yogurt I could
find that was the least amount of dairy
so I got this one we'll see how it goes
then like is just like yogurt in the
morning so I'm I'm not going to make him
stop eating yogurt and my dad was saying
that's mostly like really like cheesy
cheese's that I should like have no off
with you know like this cheddar cheeses
and the pizza cheese isn't said like
that so I'm finding advil yogurt this
whole drawer got more berries apples we
still had some leftover apples last week
so I didn't buy any more of those don't
of you mom's drink or dads or whoever
drink these drinks loved this one never
tried this one so I'm gonna try it I
don't know what the placebo effect but I
think it helps me relax got more
cucumbers another thing of peppers so we
felt carrot from last week and those are
like the raw veggies I sell from Turkey
less and last week I was going to get
more Turkey because he did really liked
it but the guy no one by the color help
me a psycho comes from a Finnish grocery
shopping event I forgot
I got some of these B they're fun
they're like
they're not that bad and they're like
gluten free and stuff look at the
package I don't know those are school
Apple sauces in here I got myself a few
Lynn cuisines I like to do for lunch
sometimes I found this dairy-free yogurt
that very ice cream that I want to try
maybe I'll let no I have a bite got some
there's just a bunch of stuff I got
these frozen fish that like looks really
good for another meal this week with
some rice and then I have course another
watermelons nectarines which are one of
my favorite fruits ever
bananas I'm trying this spread this week
decided to go gluten-free on the bread
see how the kids do if they like it
they'll eat it I'm not too worried about
bread it's they eat regular bread but I
thought
why not try get one more thing kind of
knocked out of the way my pantry is just
a disaster right now
Sam had organized it so nice the other
day or a couple weeks ago and it is a
disaster again but anyway I got some
milky for another meal this week which
is my favorite I'm sorry I'm going on my
skin who really likes it then make
everyone off eat it I also found these
who can free tortillas I don't know if
these are doing the same new so I've
never seen like white will see is that
are gluten free it's only seen that corn
tortillas you know so I thought those
were cool I texted a picture to Sam's
sister who has celiac and she's like
have you seen these that's pretty cool
because she just eats corn tortillas um
I got some rice and other stuff I got
some okay well for me I love crackers
and stuff I got more of these ones that
are like they're a little bit out I mean
they're a little bit better than I could
be getting specific they're better than
cheesy social justice at I got these for
the kids healthier focus on my gluten
free wheat free granola bars to see some
eat those I got some gluten free cereal
for now to try I like them alright um I
got some couscous to eat with chicken
this week for another meal and for
lunches I have some of this like Derek's
and I think she's going to let the kids
try out I'll figure out these the one
known as being good so listen cuz he's
had some difficulty using his ears oh
one white no was down the street playing
with some of the older kids turns out
all as well little girls are just
dramatic they're funny
I just like see flailing arms and
dramatic talking I was like why hasn't
bones going on down there
I hope no was not one of causing it but
he is not
they said Noah's being very good I might
have used the wrong phrasing I said okay
boys like talking lips like know why
like listen to the older kids that's
really rocks now the whole folk girls
were just like she's saying to listen to
us
it was so funny I would be young again
tonight I am going into my very first
Pilates class and I'm so exciting
starting Monday off right my friend
Caroline who is my neighbor
she takes Pilates class like it's like a
personal class like I don't like six
people in the class class class class
anyway it's like there's like the
full-on Pilate machines and everything
she they can tell with me on by me I was
like yeah I would come with you and try
it out because I've always always always
wanted to try Pilates I just never have
so I'm really excited to try that okay
so having something he does tonight
the kids are just like a little meat on
the side and then a quesadilla do you
want the me in the Casey or just a
quesadilla okay so we're using our
dairy-free cheese for some quesadillas
tonight it's the weirdest stuff like it
really is it looks like rubber yes but
it works and they enjoy it so good job
just on one side Cakes going to fold in
half
actually no let's cover the whole thing
and then I'll just make one big
quesadilla fur and split it between you
guys
that works good job buddy I've had a
good day
canteen my plane you played with lots of
friends today huh what you play with
lots of friends today didn't you
he's making lots of neighborhood friends
good it's good
this is in the nectarine dr. Endre legit
I think one top three favorite fruits
because I love raspberries I love
watermelon and I just love nectarine so
much I don't know at all fruit though
the nectarines have my heart high I want
to hold it
maybe at your first nectarine ever so
yummy so much easier to Ethan an apple
huh no ages - he loved it I knew I
should've gotten more but he does our
cooking I just mowed the whole lawn for
the first time in my life by myself the
whole lawn usually I just do this little
part in the Sam
the rest is like kind of a workout like
my back is kind of sore so Sam and Joyce
like the physical activity of mowing but
I just did I mean I didn't really feel
really wanted to I was outside with no
one I was like oh my go do something
with myself on out here watching Noah
closer friends so I'm oh so first time
and I'm going to be too Sam from now on
because I cannot go in straight line I
was like people watching me mo probably
were like laughing so much oh wow that's
a lot of cheese okay good job um Chris
joined us at the table no longer in AI
chair big girl hey yeah yeah over here
she's like Noah where she does Mike
humming dirty hands except only until
today a little bun hey hey excuse me
are you happy to be the big table in
your own little seat you know I decided
doesn't want to booster anymore sighs
yeah okay so she's on it understand oh
you're trying to boost there what are
you sitting on there so the big kid seat
actually get the data structure auto
little seat because if you took the bus
joy because he sits all the way up to
the table because that's the only way
you can eat now and then he spills bliss
as he spills right there Jen left her
Pilates class I got a good workout in
and I just feel so much better when I'm
working out and doing something physical
every day with the kids is like a
physical day playing with them chasing
them around but you need that time to
just run and felt great that's
definitely been one of the hardest parts
about being a parent it's almost easier
to make excuses because you can be like
on so tired
you're like more tired and you know
there's just different things so pretty
proud of tonight for being back in Teddy
kid to that and it definitely feels
better tomorrow we're headed to Salt
Lake City we're going to be hanging out
with some friends got some friends in
town and if there's time I'm going to
a challenge video with some of my
friends so we'll see it'll be a good
time and we'll see you guys then love ya
excuse me give me you working in here
