Oh
one
oh yeah
no one knows I just saw was so hot my
face and my mom keeps saying don't put
your son's face in the center I'll still
have wrinkles early so I'm trying to
prevent
yes I do although I feel like my my
night cream has been helping I don't see
any reasons yeah these ones so when you
sweat in the Sun that's where your
wrinkle goes like I'm sure needed
wrinkles yeah I was talking my buddy I
was like you know back in the day we
could stay up late get not get a lot of
sleep we'd wake up you feel fine now I
wake up I look like I died in a and I'm
tired people also said that my mom looks
exactly like she did when I was born but
she does now first of all that would be
the greatest compliment ever tour
because I mean that was just maker day
hopefully you saw that mom but the
secret to her skin success is utter
butter is she still using that other
butter so the farmers used to put on the
others oh how Sam's currently obsessed
Jake Paul upset I'm a Jake Paulie oh gee
oh gee you've got the best thing when I
know what's up guys I'm here with my
best friend Noah gray Anderson let's do
a handshake and today we are going to
let's break cardboard bow bow to your
sensei oh yes first you telling bow okay
come over here
ready for karate ready for measuring
open up for me photo like this hey hold
it out out as far as you can
John's a prenup worried about that
okay here's our next piece up next we're
done negative shit keep going keep going
we're getting ready for recycling and
garbage I learn nails adding a driver
here is like a bad idea
panic yeah I think it was just like a
slide
okay how about with your head oh oh
oh my gosh Seraphim I don't think 600
Wow
CJ hmmmmm I big yeah you have a good
nappy no comment mom no comment
she's been a wonderful day it's been
wonderful kind of wonderful day and have
a wonderful weekend
have a wonderful at a wonderful have a
wonderful day so wonderful I wonderful
night and having a wonderful hump day
and a wonderful day have a wonderful
it's been a wonderful Easter and they
had a wonderful wonderful
it's so wonderful wonderful you guys are
all wonderful have a wonderful it looks
wonderful this wonderful so when it's on
a fell wonderful some wonderful had a
word telling a wonderful day a wonderful
has been a wonderful day a wonderful
date it isn't my wonderful wives had a
wonderful weekend wonderful hot dog
wonderful wonderful in so nice and warm
out well it's has been going on top of
my client warm but we work
now I'm cooking dinner I must read
really hard to do like good meals this
week but I need to get more creative as
we've had a lot of turkey ground turkey
turkey burgers that I actually made way
too thick and Sam's like laughter
Kaitlyn I've never made it burgers
before like from the ground meat you
know I want to use it before it goes bad
so and that's a lot of things left the
last thing I have in my fridge like from
the beginning of the week when I stopped
it it is now basically empty again
they're still fruit in the drawer a
little bit MN same vegetables still over
eight whole see everything which is
great I am making shells of noodle
shells ground turkey and then I have
vodka sauce and regular tomato sauce
because Noah can't eat the vodka sauce
because there's cream in it there's
cream and everything and there's gluten
everything but I know I need to work on
the gluten but I'm just trying to get
the dairy thing down and skin only
there's improvement is still we're still
working on it guys at the cream on
multiple most like four times day but
hard to remember four times a day of
putting cream on your kid when he was
like playing outside so that is taking a
long time to like fully clear up it's
gotten better yeah that's all this went
down Sam's outside now with the kids
I've been sitting out there for a while
from the basics it's two naps today
which was great because she is not those
teeth are just awful she's reacting like
Noah when he teased it was bad but she
has just been so horrendous for her
that's one thing I can guess that's
bothering her every time I put teething
gel on it
seems to cool down a little bit man she
just screams don't you you just scream
and let your lungs fly huh pressure the
one labor this me air here want to
scream
I think the workers wanted to paint so
I've been trying to say up once giving
her like peeling gel but what can you do
Thanks meeting tablets why maybe that's
why no it is better because I would just
pop and teething tablets left and right
and the recalled notes they don't sell
them anymore so frustrating those are
the best things ever
as a fun way to clean up although a
little bit more messy gosh a lot of you
guys really like the gummy video that
was something that Noah really really
really wanted to do we'd like to shoot
more videos like that I think they're
fun to film it's a fun activity for me
and Jen to do together so Jen was
actually with her friends the other day
and she stopped by this old-school candy
shop and so we're going to film a video
box of boogers be like a super sour
candy video sour Bart's candy sour smoke
balls
there's icy pop rock what's this
soda can fizzy candy sour flush more
soda candy and this one which I'm really
excited toxic waste which has it's like
if you have it for 60 seconds full toxic
head I think this is basically how long
you can keep it in your mouth we also
have the gummy peppers still and I want
to do spicy wings if anyone's seen hot
ones the interview show I want to get
all those sauces from those wings and my
challenge I think so that one will be
Monica she says she can out spicy food
me so we will see as you guys know
Sunday's are pretty chill we are
planning our summer now heading to
Chicago New York we need to go to
Arizona at least one time before we go
over there right now we're looking at
August for a move and I think we're
going to be out of town a lot coming up
kind of have summer goes if you guys
have any ideas though for videos you nxs
film whether it's just me and Jen or
with friends a lot of people say they
wanted to see David and the spicy
peppers or if you want us to do another
one with the kids let us know and we'll
work on it this week we'll see us
tomorrow love you
yay
