Hey look over this way huh Oh your hair
is a mess one two three but Fred where
are we okay for the doctor why I near
mark get set go
good morning sweet world we have a
drawing of Elsa and Noah from those
friend Katie yeah so good thread the
first clips you're going to see is that
we've had a lot of alleys at our house
including those again where are we okay
for the doctor why I got Holly he's got
some bad skin right now where am I get
it checked out I don't know if it's just
the weather but we see the doctor has
any sort of answers besides saying go to
a dermatologist huh some weird stuff
right look feeling going up his stomach
right there yeah he's going right there
this almost looks like a people you like
a doctor huh yeah you do can be done
stuffing yep yeah helps before Ali's
help it was always like you're always
yeah and we go I got real Foster's yeah
gonna be a real doctor
yeah good idea I would love if you
became a doctor he wanted to write up a
shirt today so your new shirt you know
it says yes was it say yeah I could be
scowlers good be serviced so California
there's a bear on there too the bear
mm-hmm right back turns gray well right
I'm doodle all your colors
hi when you look so grown-up - hi coach
your skin is tired yeah - oh that's not
good it looks good
it's my lake that is your legs look I'm
in the Walgreens parking lot so the
doctor said that the the rash around his
private area is probably look at some
sort of yeast infection
he just acquired just some like the
moisture down there and probably
pull-ups and stuff
he bathes every day so that's just a
weird
he's just so sensitive his skin is so
sensitive my dad was saying that I
should just get him off dairy and
probably wheat products like dairy and
wheat that's what he says to all of his
patients like that people with eczema
and sensitive skin should get off of
dairy number one I don't know if I'm
just crazy I think this I don't know if
it's real but I feel like the weather
the change in the weather I felt it
before I feel like that is the main
trigger of his skin change his skin just
doesn't know what to do and it's going
to so sensitive that like the different
temperatures and him sweating and not
sweating just like freaks out like he
just the skin freaks out but we are
going to take care of this dang
infection or not infection just whatever
this rash this poor kid so so weird
hated coursing is so itchy and like
stings but then like the spot because
eczema just itches and stings right now
it's like everywhere guys it's bad
oh I need order so will saying the
mother of all creams on Amazon is really
good I'm gonna try that yeah new thing
with your all day long if I can meet
some ocean on him he cannot be dry he
said it's like play on a fire like I
need a spot treat with with um
hydrocortisone and then just lab it with
some lotion well and then right after
that he had Oh doctor purse he had like
a you thought you had something in this
finger yeah so I think a splinter from
sources are affected your what don't
perf a stormtrooper band-aid
let me see your finger or what happened
I got value you see it oh yeah some you
sometimes I like a scrape or something
got stuck in there let me know about an
infection some you guys value muscular
you want it don't know my stand
okay let's wipe it off
we'll be very gentle okay okay I can
hardly see that everything here we go
historian tell me open mic eat your
candy for you oh yeah sure
no there's this one time here we have in
the city for you babies I'm gonna put
the son for now then I'm gonna find my
own Minh and recover it okay
stormtrooper bandy Bom Bom Bom like the
toughest kid I know and I'm not even
just saying that
come on dawn I'm sorry I'm timely bum
bum bum bum ba bum bum BA bum bum bum
bum bum bum bum
yes in my lap so guess what Noah when
mommy was pregnant with you and you were
in her belly
I was working a job where I had to pull
some cables sometimes and I got a big
splinter in my finger like that long
that long and it was in my finger and I
didn't know it was there I thought maybe
there's something and then I got a
little bump just like that and then I
went to the doctor and they cleaned it
up and went and pulled it out and then I
felt better
so how you feel today bum bum thank you
Oh pick up trash bum bum bum ba ba ba ba
ba then it's snowed it's smell of May
right wait what I know everyone's vlog
was any talk are gonna be filming this
but I think it's because we're all in
shock this for life order that I could
witness my lights on
oh never thought I would ever see my kid
dressing snow clothes in May but when
I'm in the front yard please don't go
anywhere else
oh it's cold out there go touch it
this Oh
Mojo's why I moved Arizona guys cuz it's
the middle of May and there is no
outside are you freaking kidding me and
it was like 80 degrees last week so I a
this is cool she's making some crop
circles out there you can see besides as
you know I know you wanted water but you
know how many snow clothes and then buy
you any because it's winters over okay
is it cold
Wow yeah it sure is oh my gosh I
literally could not believe this
poor baby she wants to go outside so bad
she's way too close for you I don't have
no clothes for you huh hi honey
Hey oh you push the pot line oh the
order to the glove off which means he's
gonna come here crying in five seconds
why'd you take your gloves off yeah
why'd you take your gloves off I knew
this was going to happen honey and he's
back out crisis averted you want he said
I wanted to throw snowballs and I'm like
oh that's very cute but you throw
snowballs love Don Oh faceplant into the
snow alright I caved she wanted to come
out so badly I'd either come out
just put on some sweat pants some old
boots she wants to out there and throw
so well just with no but I told her she
can't but she's going to freeze her
hands off one of the recommendations for
Noah's skin and just a kid's well-being
is to change up their diet see which
things could be affecting it so Jen's
been working really hard on doing that
cooking up special our
out very so well slowly for the most
purpose when we can send out very one we
can just when we can you know like
substitutes to see if that has any
effect on its skin and and just for us
like do we are trying to eat healthier
more fruit less processed things I mean
I love myself some processed food but
you know trying to stay healthier so I
totally must to do a little grocery haul
but the kids were a little crazy I got
this cheddar if any of you guys who have
dairy allergies let me know if you've
tried this brand and if you like it or
be able a different brand you like
better I got these ones I'm going to try
a grilled cheese tomorrow for him see if
it helps I've got the drawers all
stuffed with fruits and vegetables got
it's just soft with healthier snack
snack evening but tonight I'm cooking
lean ground turkey and spaghetti I'm
trying really hard a little bit here
I've worked out every day this week
except for Monday that's good guys look
at this one I'm so proud of myself
wait oh you want some of mine now
there's a watermelon yeah a little dairy
free to use we'll see how that tastes
smells like hardcore fake cheese but oh
okay whatever what other mom's does this
happen to you try to eat your lunch and
then they decide they want a second
lunch so then everyone's eating all your
food huh called eggs yeah like half of
peanut butter and jelly and crackers we
still trying to eat my food and she's
trying to eat with my mom's never get
their own lunch unless they're eating by
themselves with everyone not around that
doesn't happen to know ok bacon 1 ok
sink your pants finger pants sink your
pants even my lunch
excuse me today we are learning more car
safety when it comes to balls rolling
into the street just not to Ogden for a
girl's lunch knows always wanted to come
with me so today
maybe we're here for some lunch know is
also very obsessed right now with best
friends
you guys know whose best friend is I
think anyone will ever replace kayo for
as long as he lives sometimes I make it
into the best friend category so wait
who's your best friend
daddy yes heel and tail what do you got
there buddy thanks my colors paper Oh
didn't Katy jar you this oh my gosh
she's so sweet
Noah says his favorite sport right now
is baseball but I think if he could be
in anything that he would just love and
be obsessed with and be wrestling or
karate or any sort of like AI football
he thinks people get a lot of Ali's so
it kind of scares him but I could just
love loves wrestling and Te'o is the
perfect friend for that they've also
been training instead of take their
shirts off run some laps around the
neighborhood I was like running with
them like to get it all pumped up little
babies are in there I got him
environment of gummies we're go for a
little ride come on let's ride boys
bikes together again just not in
California bunch of kids instead these
boys are doing some workout training
some workout training best friends baby
ready best friends in three one two
three oh no don't go by yourselves not
by yourself tail your mark he said whoa
careful Noah use our cue
Sam even workout clothes on these are
the crazy I used to be all the boys in
their learning Li yeah yeah
you still run could you beat me do you
probably beat me and have my ankles back
and you're wearing sandals see what
she's on now you probably beat me you
probably beat me I'm so out of shape
oh my god I don't want you to break your
ankle okay we got races between no and
tail no I need some running shoes hey
good job buddy good job good job
BAM best friend hey best friend
something right here hey Totti vs.
Jenica ready set go
Wow and it was over just like that
backpedaling backpedaling will see you
cross the finish line will see cross and
the winner is
Ava hey you come see my knee on your
mark get set go
Wow Wow yeah
you ride it yourself Wow
Oh funny nice I think I was bad I'm not
oh wait when did you ever think that
best friends on three one two three buzz
and I think that about catches you guys
up I think we're kind of caught up with
the vlogs they kind of got set back a
little bit because of the trip but here
we are hope you guys had a great weekend
we'll see us tomorrow
Olivia
go get it mom go go get it okay
