damn no one's a hug no what's a hug yeah
her first word
leaving no is being a stinker faith love
you mom have you think so much for your
help
they were great only so much anymore we
know when you get there
I love thanks for your help so much fun
with oh gee
she went bye-bye huh she did see I know
you had fun with Fuji
oh me too we just shot my mom off it was
sad but it wasn't too sad Sonoma see her
in a month
I'm gonna see her and all my what's the
way family not my not my nephew writers
birthday party first birthday get on my
show gee you played so much with her lon
I'm so grateful mom thank you so much
for all of your help this weekend it was
so fun to get away with Sam for a little
bit to rejuvenate to have my ears forget
that there's crying at home I just have
a little getaway it was nice but it is
good to be back with my babies and their
cuddles I missed them I missed you hi
hey G hi c'est la vie Oh Jacob Oh kisses
- oh gee no kisses no kisses oh gee ha
ha oh she got love Hey
Oh chica mommy's cues huh oh now Noah I
need to call and schedule a doctor's
appointment for him as he broke out like
crazy this weekend
hi are using high society says actual
fine word hi
alright her first word hi
Casey hi hi
I think he said hi for the first time
see hi you guys heard her first word hi
hi hi hi hey sing why okay this isn't
anyway no I broke out really bad my mom
said that he had peed on the couch when
he took a nap one day then like she
noticed that night that part of his back
where he'd been wet his skin had broken
out so I'm wondering here's like a
chemical imbalance in his skin because
then the other day another day I
remember the same day I don't know my
mom took them go potty and he didn't sit
down quick enough and he shot all over
her leg and her pants like almost look
like bleach was on her pants I hope
there's not something like chemically
often his urine I don't know he'd look
at your analysis or something
my mom thinks we're gonna go check his
skin checked out he is just I don't know
it's so weird it's also I don't know if
maybe it's just the weather because of
what keeps going from hot to cold hot to
cold and that doesn't help you skin at
all
I still need order someone that want me
to order the mother of all cream lotion
on Amazon so I still need to get that
see that helps I try coconut oil it
didn't work man I don't know if maybe
he's eating something too so really that
figured out today just then oh my
goodness you guys okay for the longest
time I've been trying to figure out what
these jellies smell like but these
jellies from Old Navy that I got PJ a
few months ago smell so good I was like
what is that smell I've smelt and it
smells like my childhood okay any of you
90s children maybe some do thousands
kids but no mostly nineties kids do you
guys remember those babies that have
that King was like look the baby dolls
that came with the food that was like
berries and it smelt good maybe not am I
crazy
do you guys know I'm talking about any
of you any of you kids with the baby
dolls that had like the berry food and
you'd like feed the baby
it's like it was plastic berries but you
would feed the baby or whatever
but the berry smelt good I'm pretty sure
that's what these sandals not like that
like artificial baby I don't know it's
so good I can't describe it smells like
90s kidz door you sure how you're
walking sit finally not all the times
sometimes you had your friends and
secret along what
for sale Oh upstairs wow you're quite
the talker
she wants the rez else won't get slower
tails is do pass to cut scare no I just
don't buy a right tail you freaked out
he was like screaming wasn't he like how
do what happen I going on yeah there you
go
nice too slow what yeah that one's cool
hey cookie well cook it cook it with
dress we cook it with Trish ha ha ha
that's right I'm supposed to make rice
krispies camp and play play the intro
how do you gonna dance I need you to
dance right here little world Trish do a
little twirl
I believe you know let's pick up the pot
in interrelation oh my gosh
Trish is making rice krispie treats did
you know that I love rice krispies
treats you know I don't know what you
know that I have I love them I can eat a
whole pan of them oh well I think I say
I make them for the kid
I really make them for me yeah you know
I do I'm like Noah let's make these
together and then I don't let them have
any night and then you're the calorie
zero what Oh perfect perfect don't tell
anyone
anybody's over here trying to like be my
best friend asking for ice cream yeah
this kid is not feeling so good what was
got a tooth of a tooth out
I would say I get a tooth pulled yeah
gotta come out look at this child over
here trying to be y'all big girl oh yeah
she softly Tom shoes this way look at
the ground
look at the ground look at these
eyelashes your eyelashes are the longest
things I've ever seen in my entire life
girls pay for those two as a girls paper
eyelashes like those girls are you
kidding me oh hey Charlie
yeah you take me you make me get you a
tree yeah let me fell on my head jacket
so cute my mom got it word and don't
knowa that one goes so slow Zach I'm
coming I'm coming
no way don't even think about it do
something about it
but I think that cow is super delicious
okay let's try again
cooking with Trish cooking winters
cooking with her yes Oh Tim know what
the hug no what's a hug so nice joke
little girls like no a year my best
friend he's like - my mom went on with
watching she told me she's like she's
like she's not my best friend
I think oh all afternoon ice in front
head tomorrow okay
look at this delicious meal that we have
come home - looks great sounds slogan
here sorry I was and I ate in today's
vlog I was busy just catching up on
emails editing when you're gone for a
couple of days and you kind of just
eliminate all the distractions you got
to catch up so I was doing that well Jen
was out with the kids tomorrow and
posting that gummy versus real food
challenge for real for real for real
it's going down it was a really fun
video to shoo-in though his favorite
video that we've made to date if you
guys missed any videos from over the
weekend make sure to go check them out
because I put a lot of time into them
there's some of our favorites I'm hit a
lot of fun we'll see you guys tomorrow
ah twinkle twinkle
Oh
