welcome shoes are route or yes we're in
roads are the Tigers that post another
themselves in their rooms it yeah okay
so here we are here we got ready welcome
to our friends where we have been
staying the past couple days wow what a
beautiful view actually we don't have
the ocean view but let's give you a tour
okay so you walk to the front door and
you come this way along some marble
pathway Wow which is just beautiful
laughing I'll be discussing bonus we
come anyway don't think identity fast
and nice marble her Wow giant mer a nice
little zooming here you want to look at
all your planets so you can see how ugly
you really are ah I'm in for scary and
then you have the toilet and you have
soaps soap things shower with marble oh
wow beautiful oh wow um super nice
luxurious first hello welcome to our
room to our closet which there's a safe
and extra bedding there this door kept
like moving and I thought that was the
ghost of the ghost people go to Kate
Morgan's and then enter the living area
but which is which was actually not the
most comfortable bed but okay very
slowly that very friend very firm you
like a firm bed you will love the bed
yes if you love to have back aches when
you wake up you would love love love in
this bed nice little table here with
remote control might have watched the
words versus Spurs game a little
nightlife that I'm touching my gender
head on this Drive cue the area with a
little chest of drawers and a fridge
look oh my goodness
you just got Patrick oh that one's open
say about the pour myself a drink with
these cuts over here these glasses and
this the skinny pop yes a little sitting
area here let's have a conference TV and
TV night not sponsored by LG one that
photo I was like oh oh gee and there you
go you have a nice couch which is the
person I'm fitting right right like the
beach vibes if you said and then I
favorite part and one has drone balcony
argument of the parking lot was that's
alright and well if you look if you look
over this way San Diego the throat so
you can see all right it's are decorated
yeah I kid the famous or tell about that
the tip but what's important with you
standing out here you could smell all of
this in a couple that's not like flowers
nothing wrong welcome gingerly with a
great time great stay now yeah yeah good
morning good morning sister we're here
yet Clayton's but the actual Clayton's
restaurant was too busy so we're at the
little thank you takeout calendar which
is actually much better yeah yeah thank
you
that they do have to stop would you get
maybe on the English muffin or bagel
momentary flash I would have wanted a
breakfast I almost liked the book mr.
song was able to post bagel and yardage
once you get like cha-cha-cha-cha
burrito food on our cadaver and I got
the freedom and the weight assassin
let's draw is exporting it to the
airport cold air base I'm very happy I
got to pee and I'm going to miss you
write yours birthday yes thank you tell
my planner I have it on my planner I
bought a $2.00 planner we are here at
the airport
bye Rach love you thank you see me love
you thanks for driving us waste one have
everything out of here
yep love you see you in a month got
everything there we go
the airport
I'm excited to that detail getting from
these videos and I'm excited to hug them
we are back in the state of Utah smells
like new car near virtually a 20 the
drive from the airport to our house as
longer than the flight and we are also
calculating that it takes the time it
takes to get to the airport we get on a
plane and all that it's the same amount
of time I would take to drive to
Coronado San Diego area from Arizona
basically so just interesting that there
is a basin so excited I'm excited
Jenna and I are generally to give it all
the time you know the last time we were
apart for a long time was about a year
ago when I went to playlist and I was
just saying like I haven't really been
this excited to see someone like missed
someone so much in a while you know
because we've been together as a family
in the same place so pretty cool pretty
excited to see him in a minute
Haley so close their reaction would
probably be funny
allene I don't know who probably just
hide from us and yeah but it lay down
and put his face in my carpet we're very
excited to see them it's a very fun trip
have some good quality time together
nice there's an older eight so we can
kind of do that now and we're so
grateful for just mom for helping us out
with that too
look Brown you don't think I can
say time everything at you like oh okay
hurry what's up mom what are you doing
are you doing
where are you Noah he did take a little
nap long drive home huh oh you good boy
you look so tan Noah amazing are purple
you know what you guys that this game
time oh did you miss me you like so I'm
surprised where they good for you yeah
close your eyes I shouldn't sound up I
know it you miss us just one yeah give
me a big smooch on the lips first Wow
Unni give me big bucks to me what about
me
oh we're cool pink out weekend okay
hahaha Wow it's really weird this mm-hmm
look at this mess all my beard over here
I don't know mm take a look here this
says yeah what is it
California maybe sure do you know where
it do you love it mom you picked that up
for you at the hotel and daddy picked it
out no you really think that yeah I did
I thought that was cool oh really yeah
it kind of did since we got a present
for you to have a mermaid purse oh yeah
I need would love that
you knew you'd love that yeah yeah
daddy's come to dinner I guess I see but
if you have to eat till tomorrow
