I'm officially my halfway point this is
my 21 week bump day finally although one
pick up pretty fast I feel like a busy
with these ones so yeah we're halfway
we're halfway to brother where's baby
brother where is he
you see my belly yeah
did you down here are you funny prank no
not up there she always thinks the
baby's up here down here Haney no not
there no down here so now that I'm 20
weeks I don't really have any new
cravings
I still enjoy citrus but I don't crave
it okay I guess cactus cooler has been
my main crazy all I want is to drink a
cactus cooler every single day my lower
back is pretty tired also I think that's
just because I carry her do you see him
am I getting bigger no be like Oh mom
your stomach's getting bigger
hey that's really funny I mean baby in
your belly here in Mom's belly where's
baby in here yeah where's the baby
good brother kisses so I'm still pretty
tired but I can go without a nap now
before I don't thank it function without
a nap so that's good getting a little
better there I'm starting to feel itchy
like as my stomach starting to stretch
again I'm feeling itchy I'm actually way
more crampy to like just like little
like subtle cramps not like anything
intense but the answers because I filled
him so low I feel like I feel sorry I
feel like I feel him way lower than any
than them too I don't know why but like
when I'm laying down whenever I lay down
I start feeling him move around and I'm
trying to feel him more up here move
around but definitely more just like
he's like down here punching me or
something I don't really know if I'm
definitely
I've definitely popped out quite a bit
sometimes I still can suck in just a
little bit stuff
but yep there's the halfway point bump
it's similar did you get them all did
you get him off huge I know I got the
most up there so that's really about it
for my halfway point we've got a
doctor's appointment this week which is
exciting and I think we still works we
still have just the one name we like I'm
really discussed any more names I'm feel
pretty hormonal this month I felt really
hormonal and like stressed out but I
think they added to that chaos in my
brain you feel me of course I love you
if that was convincing babe sorry I love
you I should remind myself that I love
my children wasn't everything is not
here somersault Noah
whoa.good
arena dances good job are you dizzy to
get the bug
stop the bus stop you should be a school
library music teacher by the way my
family I got in contact at Lego or one
of their people and they always send
free Legos to us we don't get paid for
but I mean come on it's late oh yeah
this is they're gonna give us some Legos
and then Black Panther Panther - dingo
gift card I got a different package what
do you think's in the package oh my god
okay Legos I hope you're not
disappointed Elliot what's it leave this
small I'm so excited that's hot figure
by filly Oh poplars too big for that
cool stranger things popular dears at
Target today
in pixels what do you think yeah open it
yeah I um I'm gonna say I have no idea
what's in there okay well someone I've
been trying to get this
what do you the retail value
the retail value is pretty cheap but
they sell out instantly and so an only
way to get this people to pay like
eighty or ninety dollars on eBay weight
and Lego sent it to him
no oh you bought it oh this in the from
my god I mean oh is it Pocky actually
sent this they said this one no way
would you tweet them someone tweeted
them for me really because I asked Sam
to do that a long time ago I know I
heard really gnarly side you right now
no I mean right now they're doing this
video this week on I gotta find my gosh
people wear gloves to put that chip in
there my gosh they're all wearing gloves
and glasses who did it did it with oh
yeah I watched that one and Kristen Bell
did it and she was like completely fine
and then whoever she was doing it with
was like dying oh that was really I
could do it you could do it hey whatever
brendan is 71
yo Pocky so shout out to Katie t 1 you
see that yeah got it to a party huh need
to go potty
yeah Katie tweeted me and said that I
should do the bunch of challenge which
I'm always please send help to Pocky
yeah yeah how's it Pocky yeah and then
they sent me a DM and asked for my
address
that's cool I didn't know that Carolina
Reaper madness
supposedly so uh so uh and so I don't
know if anything will be as hot as
freaking the bomb there's a challenge to
yeah you can like win something
thank you
coming soon Thank You Pocky I miss all
this for $19 PJ you are a little Picasso
yeah
what it's your face get your body or
covered I'm so excited
Wow I'm so excited
really I'm not Monica I was gonna try to
get you up for your stocking but they I
couldn't get out yeah they're so
expensive
what's up
no those are not the babies baby baby is
down here my brother no that's not the
baby that's my chest
no don't push on the baby no alleys
