oh hi mother's day thank you where my
baby thank you thank you
oh we're sweet beautiful thank you you
sweet soul where's my baby
let me hi mommy's here
no hi TJ right body I miss you how are
you bud
thank you buddy
I love you hi you miss me
happy Mother's Day mommy beautiful hotel
first happy Mother's Day
dude my mom - you hang on - hang on -
all the mugs all the women - everyone in
the world to die - their mom we other
house for their mom please where all the
end think about all the men to insects
whatever that are mom - mother be okay
mother hands okay you bear though
mother nature we are going to head -
don't have far right now excited we were
going to be considered for half a second
going to their mother language of the
video he's really consider French
there's a donut ship there was a lobster
bisque a brunch is insane but it's also
a million dollars to go to the brunch
today and we eating too much food so
we're not even that hungry and I already
started out in the morning with candy
chocolate over strawberries and popcorn
after that cake because it's Mother's
Day so now when you go get those doesn't
graduate you get doughnuts are my
favorite thing
oh yeah we had we fish something based
time the kids and then miss them they
seem to be doing good
canal's II was really confused as to why
I was on the phone no it was scooping
any other lake but no it's something
we're going mom Wow from the toilet but
they're all doing good and I just miss
them I can't wait to see them tomorrow a
lots of cuddles so clean they're not
cranky for me yes probably will be well
that's okay anyway we're going to have a
fun afternoon we're going to ride some
bikes that's what I want to do today
you
many exactly tail okay we are currently
at rock house and they have a million
different types of our dog corn dog
everything everything we're not like too
hungry and it's really cool but it's
like they got TVs course on yeah you
customize yourself like you can check
much porn done so yeah corny
maybe ever wanted dipped into a $40 but
your sausage anything gets a sack or not
which is really cool so we'll show this
movie come out to have such little
arcade over there been diving in she
said it's better than any corn dog at a
bear
so we got work out every single day when
we get back scouts honor
let's see cuts on her going down you
guys will see it firsthand bring the
camera
cheesy Todd oh my gosh what is this the
old timer something I can't remember it
so she can't bite the whole town cheese
fries oh happy Mother's Day
as you had no we are extreme cyclist now
we own bikes we ride bikes so we had to
right by its today I got some cruisers
for an hour and we are cruising - OH - I
go from here
Oh
back on track I don't know how any it is
but there's a great benefit
Oh Breaking Bad this might be the most
beautiful bike ride I have ever had in
my life easily just go check it off hey
got like a purple tree over there what
kind of trees a beautiful the houses
here are beautiful there's some really
modern and other types and then over
there you have the good of course but if
you look past that you can see the
bridge as lots of ships enable yard over
there pretty cool it's definitely
different whenever we travel places I
just love trying to eat the food that
people eat there seeing everything it
makes you appreciate all the different
places you know it's awesome because
then Jen trying to drag me into this
truck right now all these people are in
bikes miscreant
pretty amazing do you actually love
there's a dole ship right there it must
be where all the fruit comes in on yeah
all pineapple this is awesome what of
you guys I realized a lot of people that
watch the vlogs are from California
probably been over here think about all
the people are watching this they've
never been in this part of the country
or the world and it's just cool to share
it for the beautiful that hopefully
beautiful to you beautiful family
it's been really good to be here yes
it's a it's weird being here mother's
name without the kids it's really sad
because it's really weird but we really
had a good time and we've taken an
advantage I feel like everything that we
can't normally do waiting for a
restaurant table to be ready sleeping
and a little bit sitting and doing
nothing do nothing laying there really
likes just ashes we want okay but why do
I do miss believes I'm excited to see
them tomorrow for those view is
absolutely gorgeous the city 20 last
night on the beach some man was like
watching your cards the best in the
country
yeah that means beautiful so it doesn't
very tangible because you have a bridge
and everything look at the bridge a
bridge I really love the life we have
them yes I would enjoy this with the
kids just as much I loved it being with
you though just every time I see people
with babies I'm like oh I think we could
be with us hey Julie it's nice to get
some time away but this is like the life
we chose you know we made the decision
to have kids and I love it every time I
how grateful we are for them and what a
blessing it is and I know my babies so
this is a great foot perfect weekend
it's been I said to you the way I think
this is the perfect Monday's to start
out with you know I don't know I could
go a whole week yet you could I could I
gotta work up to it I gotta work up for
the week it was really fun I'm glad we
did this
Oh
Oh
Oh
we just not bikes oh so much fun
you would've liked her enough - fries -
fries only probably one bite of corn dog
effortless so I just felt like I was
riding as a beach cruiser good one
although I had a partner for me I got
one we work out on him so I was trying
to keep up with him I was drifting he
was on some bikers and now we're meeting
my sister she's down here at the sand
castle somewhere
I told her to walk towards us not sure
where she is so we're out getting
souvenirs for the kids Sam love we'd
like this little California shirt for
Noah so cute oh maybe we should get some
trunks - those checks the kind of big
though
forty-three him some 3t trunks - teeth
how do you miss room all but the trunks
are so cute oh that one's cute - all the
Sharks all the shirt - Rick you and then
nothing we're at tee Jay Leno's Blue
Mermaid
welcome shoes are rude chore
