a lot of people sit at this hotel as a
haunted areas in it especially certain
rooms for things went down forgotten
morning every night it was
plants are amazing good morning that's
good yeah good morning
delays this morning we've had in year
three years it was great and now we are
all ready to go out to end lunch we're
going to go find a little sushi
restaurant that we want to there's one
that was better that people recommended
in San Diego but we feel like walking
yeah and it's don't really feel like
getting in a car so we're going to go
eat and it's gonna be really good and
then we're going to rent bikes and right
around the island which will be really
fun this wall is completely made up like
succulents it looks really cool I mean
Sam we're twinning with our shoes today
a couple goals
you
by the way we are counting the see this
amazing book especially a magnificent
really good lemon this has a man and
white tail light he'll go into the
yellow tell the salmon on top side just
an ID rule depends on you I actually
think so good I didn't think that they
would you got good but this is like
fresh from the ocean is so good and the
view is pretty freakin amazing
look at the ocean right there and then
the hotel's right there
we just came into the cutest little
paper source shop you were good for you
to know it's just like one look how cute
mints are awful hello old school nose
thank you their texture dude huh was
where my mom gets always
coverage yes a place like this on
candles that's okay keep the cutest
birthday party would be mermaid well a
little tart fruit talk to share take a
bigger bite it's a sauna anyone finders
San Diego fashionable yeah going on back
here think of that think about is a nice
today
it is so nice the one I wanted yet which
other bike you want though you want I
don't care you take the rise of mango we
wanted to try this like chocolate mousse
tart thing that looks amazing they ran
out oh yeah good in down it's a good I
just had like five chocolate
strawberries already today
I lost the blueberry yeah let's go brick
wall this elevator is crazy I just want
to go in it that's so insane
this whole place still haunted listen
building yes I said there's a haunted
room which you will find silently we
want to feel like we're in the Haunted
Mansion ride at Disneyland this will
walk through see a ghost with us
wow there's just like I feel like I get
lost in here scary
da da da da ting a lot of people say
that this hotel has haunted areas in it
especially certain rooms where things
went down I was just reading about one
of them so Kate Morgan she came back in
the 80s
juergen Isabella my doctor put not Alex
Morgan Kate Morgan
anyway she supposedly killed herself
they found her body but I think to never
identify her I don't think they know if
it was murder or suicide in her room is
now 33:27
my juicer said to go go we just talked
to it when the housekeeper when the
maids in the hallway I asked the haunted
ruins a legit like which ones are they
in Stefan she's like a lair when I go in
there to clean to anyone's I feel I can
feel it the air change that's extra cold
I was freaking out she was like it feels
like there's someone that cleaned you
when you're cleaning the room and then
she'll go there at night either she said
no suicide that there's everyone fit for
I read that the one on the fifth floor
was Kate's made actually that had killed
herself I don't know visualize a man
killed himself I don't know but he said
she does not go to that one at all after
sunset member the haunted room addresses
and people pay an extra most expensive
rooms extra to stay in those rooms the
question is would you I would not I
don't even I don't even like being in
this part of the hotel supposedly
there's like in the actual room
delightful careers old opportunity
whatever
what is it there's all 27 yeah okay
where's I thought as you're talking
about that I thought someone was over
here like about to walk over it because
I heard it clicking and like we're
literally at the rim right now I'm not
even kidding that it okay 33 28 years no
way no way I've been here like a dark
part of the hotel attic right I like big
windows they've definitely renovated
what year is that this happened is so
weird though cuz when Jen was explaining
that I don't know if it was picked up in
the audio I could hear someone clicking
something I thought I was November 1982
1982 eaten sorry November 18 I say dang
that's like little fresh 1892 and very
sad 19 it was about an hour later
I compared to the weather
yes good
let's see also one can be saying
question is would you say that River
would you do you believe in that kind of
stuff
oh yeah I think I would never I
completely leave in ghosts and spirits
and all that jazz Oh No thank you
so we're just about should do is
freaking I mean every the articles are
saying that every Victorian Hotel needs
a ghost guys are like veneer is that is
sage stuff nobody another path to the
other side I find it was like a Moaning
Myrtle Manor Casper the Friendly Ghost
there's the tank of a beautiful new
night down by the water and in the
hallways now maybe there's also
supposedly the gift shops established
1888 is also capable disaster job even
going up sir
I don't know do we want to go to system
or maybe maybe maybe tell us about the
goes well on the third floor be Morgan
on waters area and you see that when
that clearly is a 2010 yes that's
correct actually there's someone staying
in a room today yeah all right it's no
your business on here that used to say
that there was made of wonder and 35:19
but I can't confirm that just because
I've never here has been for me I used
to see a lot more in the shops and also
a lot of addresses because that's where
I was you person I guess my first
artists position there used to be a
painting that was in the upper region of
the floor and it was every night 5
o'clock in the morning because I
normally was over there HyperCard
morning every night and it was just huge
banks and the stores are in the floor
looking like in lovey
yeah and I kept asking my other
co-workers but that sound wasn't they
I'll never softly never heard it and
it's after I start questioning for about
three weeks it stops suddenly oh I
thought I heard something over by Kate
most people in an item of me I wonder in
the voices in their world I went around
the corner let other people there
because I think we were just like
recording an Instagram thing and then
there's no one there so there's also
motion sensors in the bathroom so people
notice that they will turn out well a
little light no one asked you
well thank you thank you thank you okay
all right that's only a seven Sam oh
yeah oh yeah yeah which one the eight
seven are too nice love it yeah I I wish
I'm going to get out if you like photo
and video that's something I need photo
and video really good wrap right yeah
you heard it here first
35 19 hours listen that's that way
here's 16 17 my houses so everywhere
topic Bobby you get the air to your
first but that's to see
here it goes because you can't find a
room little crazy good oh really I'm
rope you can see San Diego it's crazy
it's like certain maybe amazed ranking
the house we live
right there it's always no for me you
can see like a little lady anomaly
coming here package - I did think you
have to wait
at the green Peru
good
the guy
yeah after example yeah yep a little
freaked out - okay oh my gosh okay so
this real avoid creeper that came Morgan
from but the guy another Eric said that
the shops are more hot date than the
room regular shops 7 1888 I think with
the shot and article you can see let me
go through the room that's haunted
you know the James Pollard's need to get
over here oh gosh
how about that crazy life Wow beautiful
oh my gosh look at this video ah we're
going to continue now so I just in the
shop that's looking more haunted yet
what laughing burn diamond looks long
the winner was behind those volatile
again
do this sunset is amazing today a little
fashion show going on down there
good stone is easy jewelry for my
beautiful site right here so hands down
beautiful yeah one of the what's up
there that's what I wanna know
oh maybe I don't know not all but up
there that's what Marilyn used to say I
don't know what room Marilyn to stay in
I feel like like so much pepper goes to
be blog that earlier
Oh
besides in your happy gals tonight
my sister Horeb usually love that a lot
of people tweeted that to me - yeah it's
really cute it's like half outside we
took in and then I have hot chips and
salsa so while you wait and it's really
fun
Steve how's the salsa you try it oh oh
my goodness look at these fish taco
reaches encases three typical riri-chan
oh my god we're not even I'm not even
that hungry today this is a new breed of
goats bagging a problem yes
all mine googling I'm going to love them
I don't know if I'm going to bring any
vacuum so we stuffed to the brim
actually distress again looks like we
missed it rains are possible such a fun
day it was so great it's like that
wandering to be laughs we didn't even I
ate too much food piece of mushroom and
now we need to arrest our weary head
smell pee and Noah and my mom had a
great day she says I'm busy busy we
didn't write back today but we're going
to tomorrow yeah we're gonna come our
promotion I'm really send it it'll be
fun
Mother's Day although I miss my babies I
wish there here is y'all Mother's Day
yes putting its updates on my hobbies
first Mother's Day we can see this time
and civil prison
