I like want to carve out this card cuz I
know who is wrong my dad what do you
love about Sam as Sam I know right he's
finding helping I love them too okay we
love you cam man haha okay yeah you
certainly do a lot around here
oh my I'm just doing the title this is
Sam first video happy birthday all the
work yeah this is pretty and mostly so
happy
you get laughter yo hit Earth is that
just going around
daddy what daddy was like he was really
making fun Emma what'd he have to say
for you the audience and Chris take home
inside days old today
yes okay damn me every year even pretty
pretty hard few last few days pretty
tired respect a little bit technical
ever wake up ah did I understand sick
sister Lindsay and is ready to church
cream imitation all with it Bama very
good hey I think Sam looks like a grand
and grandma that older sister Sam's dad
it's a mirror image
hi damn
Oh
we just had a really good lunch did you
have funky friends yeah thanks a
birthday lunch birthday lunch birthday
lunch oh baby never say my birthday like
I really yeah any other CH secret lunch
and now we are at a park we're gonna let
the kids play for a little wild Liberty
Park be exact and then Sam gonna go top
golf to top gospel took a look at all
top golf with his buddies with all the
dads and husbands and friends tonight
this evening so I will I might go see my
cousin and I might just hang out with
Karen and Maddie I'm not really sure
what we're going to do yet so figure
that out but let the guys go have some
fun guy time they all haven't been
together just them in a long time so
have a good time and we want to take the
kids to help golf because it kind of
isn't really I feel like it's just too
crazy there for children should be fun
day Millie's obsessed with Runa Mars
dance Mellie really okay we go
shake it shake it oh yeah this like Noah
Oh
Yui shooting from an office you see I
got me a second or two
reminds me of Aetna so just like a TLC
episode of people attracted to different
things o matic machinery and rides I
think um no seriously that's awesome
yeah yeah okay I'm coming with you
Campbell you'll give it to no damn
assess Casper like sometimes go oh okay
yeah these prints the music on in the
car speaking I'm skating the music
got a little happy birthday Dan coming
for me right now and I'm saying I was
under me at you she had a good time in
the park with the kids
well Jen surprised me with a birthday
lunch now we're headed to top golf or in
Salt Lake City areas of things that we
want to go for a while so Jen's gonna go
meet with our cousins we're gonna go get
them both off Oh what do you think yes
long it goes way down cameraman Michael
capture shadow
hey like I'm looking for a haha looking
at what day I'm talking like I know how
it goes like I like this yeah my dad
threw the 100 the slo-mo let go
what's up here top dog we didn't make it
into the 21-footer yeah because never
got my wallet in the car is 4/10 they
didn't believe I was very much my name
is Tommy I'll feel good feel good what
is this called right here
mushiya good a mushi which is a sushi
burrito basically a burrito cut it look
like sushi but it's actually just a
breed of little sea Racha Garnett so
I'll fund I'm visiting my cousin I
started on with it we were that with her
for too long
forgot to see your baby but there's no
queue and now we're am a side yard and
it's freaking amazing I think it's
amazing they're playing pan jam it's
like I'm the same people
yeah Sam just tossed it straight in and
I also ate it really hard over this well
this is our angle no we're playing with
this oh wait so it's like spike Bob with
frizzy this one is from the same maker
that's like ah ah this is the same maker
guys spike ball okay at CNN shark tank I
see how productive is another picture
yeah what you got Jim I mean the DJ
let's go do you commit PJ I like to give
this one stuff we're gonna purchase this
a shark tank dick reporting good guys
yeah you have a boy pass over your house
yeah none of these boys have changed in
the helmet humming ha ha ha lean on each
other like Kenny
they are insane we're gonna set off
because there he asked you know that's
pretty fun ready this going in power
right here yeah god I got you pick uh uh
you need to do that all you need even
touch that seriously hey I got I got it
on film I got it on film
oh I'm just gonna stand in the bucket
just gonna stand in the buggy okay just
don't get your clothes wet cuz you got
to get home in something it is under way
yeah probably but take your other shoe
off too
they probably would how's it feel good
is it nice on your toes look at me
stupid impressive Hallie can
read book in it take it in oh so
competitive maybe you haven't seen here
be hi happy birthday
oh hi there we go yeah
I'm champion team that a year so for now
we know about time you can get a quality
car Taiwanese life they were waiting to
talk about you guys Harvard - strippers
you have to be friends Cleveland oh yeah
okay what's your favorite things I like
them hair
yeah I guess there was one camera she's
a really good teammate om3 and it shows
your calves maybe you know behind the
walls if everything about them what were
you think nave
oh alright good do you want a hug from
Navy maybe a hug
look at this hello you thank you how was
your birthday good it's 11:22 p.m.
thanks got home time opened up present
it your priorities changed and he told
you get excited about the presence of
stuff but it's not like linear to system
research when the whole base for voting
on presence or text my birthday I've had
some amazing birthdays today was really
fun really good to be your friends yeah
you just know much one of me
yes did so it's good our friends as you
grow up you don't see your friends is
often not initially when they even just
live third in right and our way in the
same city okay on a house when you go
from sharing a room with them to there
you go see him every day and it's like
almost like strangers but then you come
back together it's like yeah how's it
going
yeah and it's both sides changed yeah
literally yeah that's crazy
we're just talking about because we're
all around the same age mmm-hmm and if
you feel 29 do you feel 28 dzo old are
you now my six so walks oh my god you do
it
no so I only feel it when I am now with
kids like way younger than me better
like adults now I guess I mean yeah like
also are all of the college kids now we
graduated three years ago already
but really feel really old when you're
on high school people and that caught
even college kids now seem young to me
but still it's creating a connect feel
sorry I'm gonna take up real quick as
well especially old when Alice to these
professional athletes are like 20 years
old if it's oh yeah I thought well when
they mentioned intern sports that 29 is
old Ike Oh
woo-wee we put it was fun you play that
to the next era games yes good
surroundings I know I'm sad my mom used
to always say that she still felt young
I can see that yeah I feel like when I'm
40 years old I'm still gonna feel like I
do right now yeah hopefully the same
when I'm 50 and hopefully I make it stop
it I think about that
what if and you never know so look at
that AF Warbeck what did you never know
you gotta take advantage of every day
mm-hmm here's a card for my mom happy
birthday to a son who's strong
dependable handsome and pretty awesome
all around we're so proud of you you're
an honorable name and excellent husband
and loving father our buttons are
literally bursting novi mom and dad just
telling you like it is under dollar bill
and the database yeah we're finally
getting a check a hundred bucks
holding $100 wrote nice thanks on the
dead Oh your mom sent me a $50 Amazon
gift card and hello so nice so nighttime
told her she's coming out of here that's
all we know right we should be paying
her more than $50 for everything that
makes you special
your witched everything that makes an
especially happy birthday love grandma's
on top oh grandma Zundel oh never ended
up never misses a birthday many years
old
I need grandchild signed by her and
everything yeah
thanks grandma love you hey I wonder
send me Sam
happy birthday to my husband my hero to
my husband my hero yet
I'm writing on the back if you can put
up with me after you you must have some
super powers you can read all that later
Wow I read a novel there's
writing on both sides yeah not gonna do
that also on people cry I do it please
give it a later them thank you love you
may your day be more beautiful than a
unicorn spreading rainbows
I want to cry about this card because I
know who is wrong oh my god dad turning
into it oh are you doing it there's even
a little donut chocolate in here right
this tea is bit we love you woo have all
the cars almost a unicorn parting card
makes me cry okay look yeah parents
teammates my journey and baseball and a
World Series for the agency Madras I
think this came out today yeah very
recently or yesterday sir he's been
instagramming it on my dad I think
anything has a just pictures on YouTube
well that's fun very cool oh I didn't
expecting that I guess but thank you my
head and we were so close I really
wanted to go to Dancing with the Stars
mm-hmm
we're going to be in the area on the
night of the finale and Ashley had to
assume who's on day two this car today
and Mike was - he was like a producer in
the show yeah so they've turned the
captions on you guys want to go well do
it they brought a lot of people and I
just felt that I don't want to make them
you know and also we find home that
morning yeah but honestly guys making
really good I did it you know it'd be
amazing and I don't think I get brought
of that
Nautica in that one wrinkle what's this
 I don't know Amazon this was on the
porch I bet I know who is from hire you
know who I can tell you get to subscribe
my dream I can just guess just by it
means how Brahman who would send you Top
Ramen you ratchet so you can really who
it's been do that yeah definitely okay
I'm sure that's all birthday messages
are they oh it's like pinching me oh the
printing messed up so gift for you how
to write a hope this is something in the
kitchen
mmm Elliot and sweet sweet baby sweet oh
nice oh my gosh ramen thank you I'm not
around your friend knows you well I I
yeah I shouldn't eat as much ramen but I
found it to be very delicious one more
present one workers I couldn't wrap
because it was too so here this yeah
Thank You Missy create for the senator
came yesterday she's like you like I'm
get it over here doesn't like long for
my birthday I know the fridge yes the
mini fridge but is actually a lot bigger
than I thought it was going to be would
you kind of love I'm excited look it
says there's one two three four
different spots that looks so cool
pretty excited dad's up super nice there
was going lightly nice yeah there's like
cool blue lights that turn on in there
be honest it's like so vague that if
you're living in place as I can play
game room she's gonna or basement
there's finally a basement in Arizona
but I still get to go there yeah it's
pretty cool
well one year older happy birthday signs
fill up on the law for you I hope you
had a great day House really fun to
think straight everything that was a fun
day
yeah and now the main birthday present
which is kind of like birthday
anniversary because never done an
interview trippy there's a Cleveland sir
it's just a getaway weekend my mom comes
in tomorrow we're really excited
no one's not a bit excited for Eddie to
be here it has funding dieties success
yeah he's keep saying would you come
tomorrow
would you come to I'm gonna really enjoy
the time together yeah and without
having to worry I think I'm a tiger's
eye you're going to be waking up all
night long time you're hearing them to
save them and it's like into me the
first night I can sleep through the
whole night and sleep in the morning
I'll probably wake about Jen am I bet I
have the were sleep at night probably I
related absolutely we really look really
careful I'm gonna miss them I'm gonna
miss em nice but honestly I'm excited
like fully miss them because I'm with
them every single day so when they do
what a bit like there's a lot of moms
are like oh I miss my babies when
they're asleep but I'm just so tired
that sometimes I'm happy they're asleep
and I don't miss them quite yet so I
mean really excited with them Monica
Elliott these are some of our bus route
uh you guys are so nice
no joke assam's list like opens the box
like I know who that from City have to
read the paper as you guys show me mini
fridge oh yeah yeah
oh okay hold on real quick I got playing
my I don't know what okay you're some
fluff
here's the first one keep up keep up
good like Christmas like a melon open it
Oh
