oh my goodness dude hey I'm proud of you
Noah slept in his bed all night I know
for me you guys you know your kids might
stay in your bed they read all night
miss Katie's need to wake up at like 3
or 4 - into our room and usually we
don't even realize it cuz we're asleep
but you stayed in your bed all night
last night huh yeah yeah yeah so we have
a couple things planned first yeah we're
celebrating with some chick-fil-a we're
going to bring it to Jenn in bed because
Penelope and Jenica are still asleep
it's pretty early
I like barely slept last night leave
those guys I look so tired I think I
honestly got maybe two and a half three
hours of sleep I'm getting old because
my birthday is this week I'm getting old
I never understood I've always been
someone that could just sleep whatever
doesn't matter how much sleep I've
gotten little a lot I didn't sleep and
then I like talked to someone like I
woke up last night can fall back asleep
that was me I think I fell asleep at
like 10 I woke up was up for a couple
hours went back to bed woke up again and
I'm awake I couldn't sleep last night
am I getting old no how old am i turning
three
that's how old you're turning
chick-fil-a for breakfast when we
laughing we had chick-fil-a break for
breakfast
it's been a while huh spent a couple
months no it's also very excited because
we are going to film a special video
together his request what kind of video
is it
gommi video like Christmas why am i what
open you so what do we have here you
have your own gummy video which one I'd
better come here a real dummy mmm I knew
it Noah loves watching certain YouTube
channels
and one of the trending videos that a
lot of people are doing right now is
real food versus gummy food so we
ordered some gummy food I mean we're
going to make one together huh you're
really excited every single day guys
let's go check the mail to see Vera
coming foods here yet you think it's
gonna come today we'll find out huh but
when it comes we'll make a video
together okay are you gonna do the intro
okay what are you gonna say it's perfect
all right
oh I might have to take a little nap
today you taking a nap today yeah you
look tired too whoo
elite the Sun's up that's a circadian
rhythm is resetting do you know what I
show you one do I need to exercise more
and then I'm sleep like a baby huh I
gotta run a couple miles there you help
me all did you we don't need all the
juice did you fall on a man's video me
Lou I got you breakfast in bed
what do you want - birthday coming up
celebrate more he's up there in his bed
I'm not
good morning sweet world
my dad level is about to reach 1 million
trillion gazillion because I'm doing
mega yard work today yes yes I'm doing
all the yard work as Jen Labor's away
with the rake and the Stormtrooper just
mow the lawn I think I have the setting
a little too short right now needs to be
a little bit longer we're trying to make
our lawn nice for the summer because we
are staying here for the summer we are
not moving yet I'm also hoping that it
will distract from all of the marks and
scuffs
on the inside this was a brand new house
when we moved in I don't feel like the
quality of materials that they chose for
carpet flooring walls etc paint were the
highest because it is like a house that
people will rent so there's a lot of
like little marks here and there that
we'll have to clean up but I'm hoping
that if we make the yard super nice that
it will distract from everything else I
also just bought my first speed whacker
there's nothing better than a
conversation with another man inside a
Home Depot discussing yards grass weed
whackers lawn mowers dirt so that's what
we're working on this morning
and I think our dirt it all is terrible
and our neighbors have said that too
terrible dirt and land get back to work
sir come on come on I just got a text
from Danny Duncan builds my first stroll
yesterday I have a newfound respect for
you your dad's life skills
I said you're doing it wrong you should
have waited until valantine it was
nesting
because that she just built a house in a
day gained the power of a million are
you think you don't help because you
make wait until I do it you to be away
your secret
next time you're doing all the work
buddy no you like doing that oh man it
has been a yard work day the lawn is
looking better than before the for all
the brown patches he just wants to help
break it's really hard to rake because
if you can see our backyard is a desert
look at these cracks it's all rock
so how about I water and you rake no no
baby stay add the way you help me hold
the rope pull the board pulled the cord
for Dad he really wants this I do it own
stuff okay not too much move around get
all the dry spots
good all the dry spots but humming more
fun my friend Joanie and her daughter
are in town and so we're going to see
them tonight go to ice cream uh supposed
to go we're having this big girls get
together a friend reunion cuz she's in
town on Thursday
that's been my mom beats in town until
they space it feels like ten clean you
sooner so we're going to take the kids
to ice cream tonight
need to see them a lot when they know
was babies and no one very babies they
were like so little together it's just
crazy how much they've grown what's
going on yes you're that hair look at
that beautiful hair yeah you like that
they say now are you real Henry sad
because they knew to them they're born
weeds over storehouse all the time so
it's kind of fun when they get back
together you can all get back to extra
uh PJs hair kids how am I supposed to
fix if I didn't bring a brush oh my gosh
you guys I'm going to wear this this is
oh sorry this is on my iPhone I forgot
the camera oh my gosh
I was just see this in the real life Oh
PJ heavy-armed yeah there's nothing
better than the sprinklers in the summer
yeah I'm going to run through them okay
do you wonder in before mom gets mad at
you there you go no no no run across
your cousin back run across him back run
across in back oh yes is it cold noisy
you get any legs
don't say you don't know work together
Mike on the phone you guys haven't seen
each other for a long time they're only
like a couple three weeks apart maybe
not close yeah over its Veda right now
Oh careful oh my god do we know uh is
that impressed you're a snake
thank you're getting some walk to yummy
yes ma'am YUM yes ma'am
