my comics we're daehan's going we go
Croatia a girl a shot Nineveh again
again you can do it Christmas or
Christmas birthday is the gun birthday
celebrations Sam got some of the pottery
pointer over watch pop figures or watch
popping hey so what's the normal that's
normal sizable one right that's no
matter pretty big that's really big oh
god there is huge and heavy and this
one's really big too but then the
person's eyes time Carlebach rip it's so
cute lead it there looks so cute today
leave it leave it this what happens when
you don't train your baby to wear
headbands association ekran we had the
what seriously but these are really cool
this one is really closer rapcon travel
like glad yeah you have to be very
careful as your dad's okay okay yeah
families had this one from a year ago
problematic Father's Day last Father's
Day no Winston yeah
and that one's been Morris as well yes
alright these are really cool oh yeah be
careful this baby looks really cute
you
we are getting ready to go to the park
what are you doing come down here mommy
Dejan is moving he is working for the
summer today it's his last day so we're
going to go have dinner with him we were
just going to get some takeout and go to
the park I think we're going to mundos
our fav now birthday's in five days
crazy 29 mm-hmm anyway we haven't been
hanging out outside basically the debate
loafie you can make a big mess I want to
show her outfit today because it's so
cute this little romper fits and it's
really fun because last year when she
was a baby she had a romper of the same
style but a different print and she I
haven't wear all the time and now this
one fit I can't look she's an 18 month
clothes I keep thinking like oh yeah
also fit in the fall and I'm hoping 18
months still fits in the fall you did a
tall girl okay so let's go yeah have you
seen good mile everyone yeah have a
thing tomorrow Sam hammington go today
Maya this little baby is like standing
up from the crouched position she's
never done that before
dude against a stand up other answer
what are you pushing I taught in Ohio
say excuse me when other people are
talking and he wants our attention so
this whole effort night he's been like
excuse me Dad excuse me mom
hey stand up stairs stand up I missed it
excuse me up here welcome to the last
doctor last supper with me I had a hunch
about the very last the last supper
lap differ a little bit this is not see
you later but goodbye doc goodbye
feeling just a little bit Oh Mike
spender Daniel so mean eautiful night we
had dinner at the park
what is it sis oh he was cool she was
standing it from crouching down she did
it like three times i Mario's stuff
she added listed questions I was up
really late super late I went to bed it
just laid there for like three hours and
I was just kind of thinking about all
the good old days the good times yeah
we're in the kind of emotional not
hating it emotional that is not bad yeah
and today's the last ever this is
goodbye not goodbye comes in second
Arizona this winter happiness he'll come
this winter we're sick of this hole so
people really like it okay I was going
to show up there oh yeah okay cuz I then
cut it out cemented it in here who knows
why comments we're daehan's going hungry
go Croatia Croatia Nineveh hey I made
you that sit against it against me I'm
digging here ah what yeah oh so good so
cry anyway yeah
oh he's coming off a little that's a
little Walker just yet pulled it from
the bag of blacks that little tab Jenna
what's your uh since this is goodbye
it's not goodbye what's your beer is not
goodbye turn the camera and toast your
favorite memory with day hunting my
favorite memory okay I think one of my
favorite was when we were first dating
to know dejan and he was just come up
and be like oh that's a heart-to-heart
he would have come over and sit on our
couch and just talk to us for hours
about everything in life and it was
great you know that's what I always say
you know when you're first meeting
people and you want to like really find
out what they're about that's what you
need you just sit and they have a
heart-to-heart and you would just talk
and talk and then by the 3 a.m. we have
to kick him out
those are probably my favorite memories
daehan's heart-to-heart well are you
guys acting like I'm dying okay this
isn't this little Falco moving now it is
goodbye since this is good is one of my
favorite memories is the first time we
went to
that's a place called what the sneaker
shop in Salt Lake I take to camera
faster your favorite memory dance well I
just want to take my head off and for
day huh know what
come here I'll show you well this is
take two because jenna is recording the
other one and so you guys aren't gonna
see the cheese does that the waterworks
are closed well my favorite memories is
when we went we drove to Salt Lake City
Vice well we went to Daoust
to which is where Dan but the legend
blues yeah that was good good experience
oh we went to death oh no he went to
Feist we bought a ton of Jason mark and
then got came home spent hours spraying
all of our sneakers I don't even know if
it really worked
okay did it work I definitely made the
patent leather on my gammas all Shachi
yeah that's right so we sprayed our
shoes and great time Dan what's your
favorite memory with us you just went
through this whole long shield up the
kids grow and uh I missed it all
blending with my Chi su he's known Noah
you don't know uh since he was six
months old
no what should we remember and he did
since she was born well yeah I think
that's why I'm gonna miss the most
especially when you guys move asking
about this the other day like literally
the kids are growing so fast out to
where like let's drive the months in
between I don't see them they're going
to grow like tremendously which is a
very sad
oh yeah just being around the kids
seeing them grow like Oh Sam and I the
first time he came or not the first time
one of the first times he came down to
Moses and Noah was still in the car seat
chillin
I posted the pictures harloff instead of
y'all ready for this there's a picture
of Sam no and I wrong victory fight the
tears stay home with the tears oh god
I'm not dying like I said your voices go
in a row I was in coma
miles away yeah sharing a mission look
for mr. Dolphy he's opening a mission
called tonight girl on tape revealed I'm
going to neighborhood no you're not
Allah I'll be doing he's working the
subway oh I'm bigger boy stuff and I'm
chillin pull up a big boy pants you know
we'll miss you day hon oh boy what you
can't remember it behind oh yeah I'm
sure probably all the candy day and it's
fed me without with my mom's permission
yeah for the best part
that's no affair apart from you good
tonight he's like when I said we're
going to see you oday humping me candy
like no I don't know how many times I've
actually got a cool boy you have fed
them without my permission
I dunno okay yeah because then they come
home with sugar highs Oh that the one
was a bit I were was that at the at the
Best Buy
no I don't know the one where he would
happen oh yeah oh yeah that one night
long coming
what was it I I don't know but I thought
came over and wrangled you you said that
you guys were at a PGA Tour decision
appointment and I had long okay there
was one time though I got so mad at for
that meant to member dudes like jumping
on my head and stuff yeah yeah look at
Sunday night some more say yes yeah I do
giddy up
oh right yeah okay we have to be safe we
can only do things like this in mom's
not on it and it was super embarrassing
especially being a pregnant hormonal
person really embarrassing Sam you came
and saved me he borrowed a Hans car and
so that's why James was nice enough to
watch to Noah but he said him candy
Dejan you're dealing with him next time
you give all that candy
I'm bringing over good bringing to your
he's going crazy he's going crazy what
for at least a half hour now
oh yeah Oh our baby yeah you think okay
great for an hour yes he was crazy and
Panda 2 isn't screaming a lot today if
we just ignore him
any eventually stop screaming screaming
day may have been a screaming day morale
the story is check shout out to all the
parents out there with great one kid two
kids three kids I always have two people
with crazy hype sugar kids WrestleMania
20,000 here at the San Miguel household
we will continue to wrestle get this boy
to sleep and talk to you guys very soon
so earth tonight no say bye say bye I
feel like I just have to show the crazy
side look at it guys I promise you were
good baron hey on Jake I'm gonna come
over there yeah yeah you were really
good dad you know that you know how they
have the best set in the world to put up
with that I'm so recording and today
feels like the first day of summer
80 degrees 80 degrees today can you take
can you take 100 take 20 more can you
take 30 more it will be the hardest time
in afternoon when she is taking a nap
and we'll be inside anyway can you take
130 140 no they take 116 you take 170 I
will not be that good although I've been
there in the Sun I was like whoa a lot
of people can asking too and I feel like
Jenna seated everyone on this about no
it's hit yeah he's doing a lot better
yeah he went to a couple more like
physical therapy sessions with a
chiropractor and she's good he's good to
go we haven't had areas like the same
length again
hi guys remember they are leavin this
but you can find no more pay me I think
he thinks one thing again then I'll take
it back you can run down the stairs fine
running around sprinting having fun you
got like eight girlfriends now I love
your hair so we'll be opening they have
mission call tonight and it's gonna be a
good time look at you okay go get it go
get it
we have use your climbing I know it'll
be crazy
no no it's Moabite all right no all
right okay again you can do it okay
okay sorry I'm moving I can't again hey
y'all look oh yay Victor come on mochi
come let's get up get up
oh ma almost a on on the lattice last
supper you get to experience her walk
for the first time Kanna you get one
last Experion on twit miss my growing
season is where she's never tried this
ever oh yeah thank you good job
you did it you did it huh she's gotten
so much stronger in the last five
minutes
Oh see you see we're here to give me a
hug
you're so determined right now I know
I've never seen it like this oh yeah I'm
even Brad oh my word
all right the first time Penelope has
ever liked the slide ever ready it
really goes were only halfway see you up
I know it get stuck right there
one more time whoo whoa pigtails I
finally picked out okay watermelon we
went to Sam's Club today and got one and
I must say it's pretty good hopefully
it's all good looks like there's some
squishy spots
I am is payable by picking them up but
it doesn't like sharing tomorrow melon
outside out the Sun setting so nice out
here right now it's not cold at all it's
perfect
I told it eat it over the graph so
spells alert yeah what's the more these
kids love watermelon so much no joke
we're just sitting here enos watermelon
he just says best day ever and now I
need some like screaming best day ever
I must say it's been a pretty good day
Sam got a what's it called digit what's
called is it for review coming tomorrow
for vehicle minima
yeah you already know Chester goodness
no again yeah what United you trigger
the thing I couldn't even figure out I
couldn't get what the hype words are
just holding it while it spins actually
I can you're right it does anything on
that right now here's a trick I'll show
you - mom it's inside it's inside your
tricks inside remember oh you want to
try that can you think is that good no
and I are gonna make a fidget spinner
trick video if you're under easily
getting caught it just now I'm gonna get
crazy good at this
just wait here's the line
it's going you did it the first try ah
that's because don't throw so far no no
it's gonna be crazy like I'm not even
looking
ow oh but just gonna break my toe but is
gonna break my toe clickbait quick thing
Oh my toe
Oh could you imagine no one hot 100 but
it's gonna break survival hard for
little kids oh boy finally got it so we
uh we just went hunted a bunch of these
down we had to go to a smoke shop and
you face nation is b19 to go in the
smoke shop you're a little worried about
us to get some elements like there is 19
and anyways are thinking this would be
like a perfect thing to brand but
totally sample could seduce the nurses
well I give it something while it's
moving in life there we go
so we just love that idea like you're
glowing yeah pollution yeah let's go are
you fast enough I need any last words
for the sama cough Anamika Last Supper
watch out in physics for their video
colors all right I'm very sad that the
kids are gonna grow up so much about me
Wow left-handed hopefully hopefully you
know one remembers me yeah I'll be here
he'll remember you see you see me no
stop asking about Dana Dana oh you
complete it
so that's not the last time you'll see
de Haan but it is almost as like the end
of an era
it's not often you make super good
friends with people you know you get a
handful of really good friends
throughout your life dan is definitely
one of those so yeah it's crazy it's
crazy
we're going to stay on a lot we'll see
him often I'm sure we'll talk text
communicate you know
joking like that was last time but we're
not inside he'll be back every two weeks
well we're gonna be gone yeah you know
so he told me that to him might not be
back and Logan every single time but
he's been super good friend to us good
role model to the kids as well
- Penelope and Noah and always some that
you can count on I got the drop you know
just like okay we need help with this
hey beanie help with that
hey kitty watching out for a minute and
those times that we've needed someone to
help us he's always been hair like right
now like I got you I got you
yeah with whatever so I was in no uh
yeah so you know good people good people
will miss your day on love you man and
we'll see you guys tomorrow fidget
spinners trick video no brother no even
though you're gonna make one a week fun
over the target so like cinematic crazy
shots all right guys
love you guys seen my peace
see this is my guide uh this is my guy's
best dress okay thank you thank you
best dressed look at this yeah they told
me movie premiere hey I've been up night
right and then I come and everyone's a
camel
