good morning it's another really
beautiful day there's not even a cloud
in the sky which was my favorite type of
day and say got a new little bike I'm
really excited about it
so Sam's sister has one of these little
bikes for her little girl but there's
two cute like this little baby bike
thing helps them walk you have your own
bike
whoo you're gonna go know what baby
thanka keep going you going yeah I
really got those screws in greedy
everyone solo there welcome to the walk
I am torch and today is May 4th and I'm
going to go with that baby's torch let's
go may the force be with you Sam
actually if we actually happen you storm
Supercross inferno to the other one he
outgrew so really fast I'm to have it
Norwood freaked out
bum bum bum boom ba boom boom ba boom
boom
you
dunh dunh dunh dunh dunh dunnhhhh sir
doctor doctor doctor just a little bit
better
Oh high-pitched baby scream so loud
Wiegel we have business to take care of
you said dad dad get up stinky pan
oh yeah it's not sorry boy just realize
what a hot mess I look like my hair is
so frizzy hey let me see your outfit
what's ours the heavy style usually pull
down there
troopers do it how do they dance hip-hop
I don't see your hip-hop move over may
4th because I don't even own a Star Wars
shirt I'm so sad wish I had one I made a
good home to be short like Randy's wow
you guys it's a lot of work getting this
thing on
and Sam's already sweating don't take it
apart already
no it just sounds like all the velcro
got those goes down to resent and and
and and and dinner catered
I don't care no good
I dare to go around the block hello guys
it's so great I look it down there go
you ready to go doesn't get her in the
bike and I'll follow you
well it's a beautiful May fourth doing
really good right now already my
hoverboard is gonna bounce Lebanon in
our sector but and you're serving
how are you happy Stowers day my
family's a little extreme come on
there's actually way better than walking
yeah bet you have to like move your
limbs Oh
menopause be with you oh my god yeah
whoo that was pretty fun I think oh yeah
I had fun no elected he was kind of
scared at first which is funny because
he was well I kind of expected it but he
knew it was me so I thought he wouldn't
be scared but it is pretty intimidating
I wrote around I think all the
neighborhood kids like this some of the
adults as well everything you need to go
to Main Street you need to go to Main
Street anything for the kids
anything for the kids hope you're having
a good May 4th he's all much better
I was too oh I'm covering it I firstly
add that line I don't have I got it now
he wasn't hungry anymore
and he wasn't a little Keppler anymore
you know he's a great fat caterpillar he
was a small house called a cocoon around
himself
we stayed inside for more than two weeks
then he nibbled a hole wait in the
cocoon pushed its way out or what have
you become
okay we need to come after a butterfly
the fall there's a place in Arizona
where you can go and have butterflies
all around you and you can like hold
Juanita with me that you know would one
that'd be pretty cool huh doing Penelope
would like that too
I think young as we go no it's not you
have a good day today how did you how
was your Star Wars day if only I had had
those lightsaber popsicle holders yeah a
lot of people were tagging us with that
does it today was a great day the past
two days we've spent all outside we've
been super happy
it's great just fun makes whether that's
not better my mother and the kids have
been happy knows been making tons of new
friends yeah I call the cousin coming
out number the kiss never came out it
was funny did you littlemaybe yeah
stormtrooper kind of brought the
neighborhood together today people that
like I've never even come by like say I
everyone's just kind of by you know
hanging out talking and it's funny when
your neighbors and like you don't even
like talk to each other right yeah the
people where I won like one of my
favorite neighborhoods ever we're gonna
call the sack and all the neighbors
usually we had like slot parties we had
camp outs
it was just like new everyone yeah so a
lot of new kids came by today and
actually ran hanging out with no one he
was loving it they're playing Star Wars
yeah they're always older kids in like
elementary school like way over the Noah
but they're so nice to him and he really
enjoys things older kids he respects
them a little bit more than kids like
his his angel younger yeah three L's
really well done dude Noah tomorrow
daehan's moving do you know that he's
leaping by the time he moves back we're
going to be gone so you gonna come by
and take it by tomorrow okay so kind of
sad I've seen right today I was like
contain kind of said yeah Tech sounds
like Kimberly here that I get taken off
and these again and you guys are we gone
yeah it's really weird
I'm gonna all Paula cries we drive away
from Logan Utah yeah it's gonna be sad
and it's becoming harder with snow
making little friends here and there
I can't wait friend's name is not
absolutely absolutely not when we were
there there are a lot of kids that had
playing and having fun yet I remember
earlier going on a lot of walks and
they're always kids outside so one day
and when we move I'm going to really
make an effort to meet my neighbors and
meet people at church so that he can
have some friends to play left yeah and
banana find you a preschool yeah so he
wasn't feeling too well today
and then from his nap is when we woke
him up as the storm trooper and he said
he was kind of scared at first and you
know any kids like overlaps they always
kind of work but I mean they're just
like out of it a couple minutes ago he
said dad are we gonna dress up a storm
troopers tomorrow - so you've ever dough
you sure can but hopefully Penelope and
no I get there sniffles - go away I
don't know what that's about maybe it's
allergies I get allergies this time of
year every single year I'm hoping that
all the dandelions just blend in the
neighborhoods I'm really hoping to get
advice your allergies I mean I don't
feel like that pollen but I don't know
anyways hey to get good time
OD sad seeing day homilies tomorrow it
feels good to have the Sun out I think
the next couple days we'll have the Sun
and Jenna and I are gonna be taken after
soon yes on our little rendezvous
first we sleeping the whole time at
every jerk amending your house oh geez
inna coming out what are you gonna come
yeah we have a hat for her you're gonna
give it to her again
yeah you know the Hat - no car okay good
bye see water house time sure speakers
Rabia rock-paper-scissors shoot
