I'm very excited about tomorrow which is
now today when you're watching this may
fourth tomorrow's vlog number last May
4th
well I'm embedded I'm gonna love it up
them but I might I might have a damn hey
what's tomorrow
what's tomorrow what did I tell you when
you woke up Star Wars day may 4th you
excited getting hyped which we celebrate
tomorrow
- don't dress up a star duper's hey he's
been waking up so early I want to wake
no up and the stormtrooper costume but
we'll see you might have to might have
to be in basing good morning sir
so we're moving we've talked about that
recently we're removing - dang it now
another is a funny is lately when every
person destroys random is always flying
to Arizona so kind of funny we haven't
decided day or month yet we're gonna be
gone most of July out of town there CVX
live here in August beginning of August
if I had to guess when we'd be in
Arizona I would say August the latest is
like beginning of September would be my
guess could could be there sooner though
we don't want to rush it because it
doesn't feel like something we need to
like get all stressed out about we want
to have everything lined up I feel like
when you stress moving it becomes more
expensive - but one of the things that
we want at our new place is to have a
guest room I think people are going to
want to visit in the winter right
nice little retreat we have a lot of
friends who've already said that just
year-round we want to have visitors and
family even more so than we add here so
we're going to do is we're going to take
our bed that we have now in our bedroom
and put that into the guest room so that
they have a nice comfortable place to
sleep which means we are getting a new
bed the Sleep Number actually reached
out to us and we're very excited about
it because not only are we getting a new
bed we're going to be giving away a bed
to one of you guys wow I don't know all
the details about the giveaway but we're
gonna have a giveaway one of those nice
Sleep Number beds
and that just makes me excited because I
want to share the joy I just think it's
amazing that what do you guys are gonna
go on to shout out to sleep member for
sponsoring that ever sponsoring today's
video we're going to head there to the
store check it out
lay on some beds get comfortable see
which one we like gonna be good time
where we're moving to
okay we're at this mall where the Sleep
Number stores and they've got like cute
little keeps tables in the food court
and it's so adorable except when we look
like giant sitting here means an thank
you yeah that one is messy ha
also the other day last night of
watching of the guilt of like from a
year ago and Noah before II turn to you
what's talking yet and everyone's really
concerned about speech development and
just crazy because now it's like whole
sentences who's just talking little it's
awesome yeah look at these baby things I
have the same facial expression right
now hey hey sis PJ I
yeah this is this is genius right here
look there's more toys and Legos in the
bunch they don't even say like this
error Wow no is already diving in do you
like this one buddy I was telling mom
that we got to pick one that you like
too because uh half the nights you end
up in there huh is it what uh what that
is it's vibrating like a ride that was
actually really excited because we're
okay so now we are in the Sleep Number
store
Noah's already climbed on every single
bed I think Pinocchio as well and
Brenda's actually here there's Brenda
right there she's helping us what is
this exactly you're helping us get a fit
of the individual fit of like the
pressure and points and different things
so that we'll be more comfortable when
we're sleeping so I think Jen is
actually going to do it first right Jen
sounds pretty excited no it's okay
obviously number settings that we found
for door
Imogen okay so those are the Sleep
Number settings for no engine based on
like the pressure that was showing I'm
there's a live heat map kind of thing so
there well I feel like this is like an
ultrasound
so let's write all the pressures when
Jen lays down and then they can adjust
the firmness to make it so there's no
more until like the red goes away and
that's like you know it's doing her
optimum pressure right okay now so I I
literally feel the bed like getting
softer I can feel the begging Proctor
and is that that's under the moat that
like we could control kind of thing oh
my gosh oh so this is where that's how
we keep our spinal oh that's world okay
so this could be different on both sides
of the bed - right
he's not as different that's why I
notice my swimming right we're going to
that right now
30 so Jen strain out the memory foam
right now wow this is what she needs
that she was reading her Kindle every
night whoa whoa
that seems like a much more relaxing way
to oh my gosh not crazy
hey awesome you're pregnant I didn't
even think about that there's so many
times that that's when the pressure I
feel I could be the best when you're
pregnant because like how many times are
even like so uncomfortable yeah right
here try it
okay it's not amazing how come I love a
memory someone grabbed my kal-el you can
do a pillow test here and decide with my
pillow you like whether you're firm
you've got only on the memory foam once
it's so comfy so these ones then move on
they're up they can adjust each one
separately yeah this is great
yes it's cold
oh that's crazy wow this one's really
comfortable
okay Wow Wow
I'm like I call myself a warm body very
where I'm not very one two and I
basically am sweating meth into the
night so those about it that's a rule I
could go with this so here's mine the
bed is now fitting me when I laid on the
bed I already felt super comfortable
because when you ain't a bed you just
feel good but with this now I feel like
I can hibernate rectally whoo
I'm surprised we made it out amazing I I
thought I was gonna take a nap that was
actually so relaxed right wow I never
knew that could get more comfortable no
like she was saying you formed your body
to bed but that do you guys change to
your body now the big decision is which
one never get out because I like the
memory from when you like the other one
I don't know well so uncomfortable
was the thing about now they're all
comfy a we shop in now I'll be greening
it much but uh Noah says he wants his
hat they don't know that fits you
whoopee he also wants the remain chef to
anyone let me uncheck them well helper
boy oh my goodness to stuff and target
right now I'm dying I'm dying
this dress has carousels on it I'm dying
so naturally since we were close to
target we stopped their clothes are I
want everything
what's funny as Sam was in there with
Noah first as the baby was sleeping in
the car so I stayed with her and then he
was like just pick some stuff out if you
just pick it out he's like no there's
too many cute things so when we got back
in the car I was like I'm wondering how
many things like you got that I like I
got this turns out nothing I picked out
was what he would have picked out which
is interesting like it's like if you
sent your husband to the store would he
get things that you would have picked
out and I mean because it's interesting
so nothing I thought he would have
picked out huh I'm going to show your
stuff okay I'm going to show Noah stuff
so here's a little mini target haul
because everything and target right now
is so cute and all the cotton jacket is
so affordable I can't handle it anyway
Noah got this real
a cute button-up Star Wars shirt a daddy
found for him so cute we buy everything
for tea for him and I said that before
and then this shirt Noah picked out all
by himself it's the coolest PJ masks
shirt and there's a cape on the back
that's it would be minus one
oh my she is obsessed with the stroller
she climbs in it every single day all
day she also had a little candy on the
way humble keep their happy heyhow daddy
will have daddy public loves numerous
tags off oh yeah strong boy Thank You ru
then love your teeth first off when we
were in Saxon she was like obsessed with
the hat so I got her this little hat and
everything so you like your hat ah yeah
I did
you wanna this is pointing to it she's
like wait why almost you have
superpowers
run I'll see your kids fly off your cape
flying the wind and Sue's L crow it
comes off oh my word
that is amazing you know PJ's got to
have a hat on all summer because her
little white blond hairs present a fry
basically just leave on the Tyson see
fit fit serum oh my goodness her phase
right now yeah I think it was sitter on
the tightest yeah good
PJ PJ Penelope oh my goodness the car
you're gonna suck right PJ PJ masks PJ I
do love your hat I got this cutest
little star shirt and the bottom and the
shoulders are scalloped cute you guys
look at this shirt it's like a plum on
the side but the buttons in the back
like seriously a little gold buttons
couldn't handle I'm really excited
because all this dust will still fit her
in the fall when it's still warm in
Arizona like I'm just so excited to be
worth t-shirts in the fall then I got
hurt I just thought this one was so cute
little
roll shirt with little baby superheroes
thought that was so cute and purple we
love purple on her and I got the cutest
little tank top so it's an ice cream
truck and I gotta top of the truck still
pom poms I was so cute
everything about her is an
eighteen-month said it last longer so I
got her this cute little tank top
this kit will tank top I put about a
little overboard for her come how to
make me one there mm-hmm I got her this
little tank top sorry it's kind of
twisted cute little summer tank tops but
the back is really cute there's just
really cute bow bringing the straps
together be kind every day I got two
little pairs of comfy shorts blue shorts
that will fit with all these you're
gonna go pee okay you're doing the
peepee dance right inside tell daddy
look good this cute little baby and your
new hat
okay I think we're gonna for walk it's
so nice out today finally finally it's
like warm and sunny at the same time you
know was having a little bit of a
timeout because you can't handle just
drinking water there was a big thing oh
oh thank you are so close we are now
headed to the park so myself why did you
keep flying yeah it is going in the wind
it looks so cool I'm also wearing these
shoes I got from a sloth last year and
when I got all those sandals poisons are
too tight on my pregnant post-pregnancy
feet now they're loose and we fit making
my seat shrink but they're still tight
so I'm kind of like to stretch them out
and they don't take not notice I think
so too at one time I was our little
neighbor friend she's in sixth grade
she's so she's quite a bit older than
Noah
but she's so nice to him and still plays
with them and they have a good time
together so this little baby we had
burgers night and all she ate was a bun
all she wanted was bread no don't give
her that babe no no no it doesn't pull
back no she did it
those are extremely hot - all she wants
is bread and chips and dip
why don't break it Wow chips and dip and
bread forgot to end the vlog yesterday
I'll keep you guys updated on the
giveaway I also have some little toddler
sneakers I still need to give away
tomorrow is May 4th we're gonna have a
good time over here see you guys then
love you
