what's up guys today we have an amazing
opportunity as you guys know we've
struggled with bugs in our house we've
tried a lot of different things talk to
you guys in the comments but today
everything's going to change
today we're working with ortho we're
super excited we have Emily our insect
scientists here and she's going to help
us learn about bug and how to kill them
let's go so as many of you guys know
last spring we had a ton of ant guys to
answer back to right there you got to
get those get those guys want to kill
them all and have them die
get them and they were driving me insane
I didn't know how to get rid of them I
tried many things and nothing worked so
how are they getting in the house in the
first place
Sharon usually they're coming in from
like the doors and the windows and
they're looking for things like water
sometimes sweet drinks food crumbs my
kids my kids fault so the doors on a
product to help with this sure we have
ortho home defense insect killer for
indoor and perimeter and so what this
product is going to do is it's going to
create a bug barrier on the inside and
outside of your home and so as the ants
are crossing in and out they're going to
die once do you apply the product it's
going to dry in minutes and then once
it's dry it's okay for everybody to come
back in there's no odor it is odor free
awesome and how long does it last so
this product will give you up to 12
months of protection indoors perfect we
show how to use it yeah sure well we
will oh I could care less about the
hints I want to know about the spiders
because I could be sitting here eating
breakfast and I'll hear someone
screaming bloody murder about something
I think something's wrong with the kid
I'd be like okay there her hurts or
something and it's a spider
so does this do anything with spiders or
you are in luck this product will also
kill spiders good let's get to it
cool so let's try and use it so first
thing we're going to do I'm going to put
on some gloves this is always a good
idea to wear gloves when you're applying
an insecticide all right so this is the
comfort one it just snaps out in place
like this and you are ready to go so all
you're going to do is you're going to
pull the trigger you're going to hold it
about 12 inches away and you're going to
apply a band straight across the
baseboard that's it
that and that's the same one that will
go outside same thing that you use
outside indoors and outdoors
some like magic life magic shall we
that's that so we just moved in a year
ago and we really enjoyed planting a
garden in the back but we really want
put flowers in the front as well and but
we had a ton of issues with insects
eating everything I need your help
what's going on all of my tomatoes are
dying so disorder have a project to vent
that sure we do we have ortho home
defense into killer for lawn and
landscape and this product is meant to
hook up to the end of your hose and then
you can spray it on your flowers your
vegetable gardens whatever you need in
order to protect you from insects they
don't call me the bug killer for nothing
die bugs I think that was the best dance
moves we've ever done I think that I was
elaborate like we took that to another
level that way definitely the most
creative hey what'd you guys think was
that our best one to date I think it's
pretty good we might be able to top it
we'll see I'm just glad that ortho would
have to come and help us out today and
yes professor
yes I'm excited so bugs gone stressed
gone we will see you guys tomorrow thank
you ortho proves
