good morning sweet world were both
wearing green what's your shirt Mickey
with my shirt
don't die BAE and Darth Vader today is a
lucky day for you guys because you are
getting two videos yes a vlog and also
the video that we worked on with ortho
they we had a whole crew come to our
house the brand we made a video it was
definitely a different and new
experience for us but I want you guys to
go check that out here's a link to it
right here it was kind of a cool day we
learned a lot not only about filming a
video but getting rid of bugs bugs oh
what's that I like fun I like bugs the
first 100 comments on that video I will
be responding to them to be chilling
hanging out you play rock paper scissors
how does it go rock paper scissors you
want to play me right now let's go ready
okay Rock Paper Scissors shoot shoot you
got me rock gets scissors you ready yeah
Paper Scissors shoot
I got you paper covers rock okay Festa
three ready wrap Rock Paper Scissors
shoot
I did rock again who would've thought oh
you land
my little Danish baby hello sugar ride
bikes the watermelon well I don't think
it's right yet oh no I love your outfit
today is so cute here's the goal today
PJ Wow
instead of getting you to say Dada today
I'm going to get on camera at least 10
steps we're going to count them out can
you do it 10 steps I think you can do it
high five yes do you believe I believe
you have anything you want to say high
five
banana high five ten set
you got it yes I know you can do it what
are you holding a banana I'm trying to
eat it okay hey good luck got my helmet
all right look dad hey comet walk down
there be big huh see my hair okay it
might be time to get a haircut
yeah what kind of haircut do you want to
get Timlin Superman right now the cookie
a little bane
how am I looking favorite activity so
far in May day one riding bikes boat
Elmo just cashed I really want to get a
bike with pedals for this kid for his
birthday
you want a bike for your birthday pedals
are you ready oh we are you get Jen's
bike the Sun is finally out so wait what
are we looking for a boy there's been
this animal we keep seeing oh yeah
there's a fish like a fish statue right
there we keep doing this like aardvark
beaver muskrat PJ otter I don't even
know what it is yeah SP gar is it PJ
otter yeah I think that's all we should
call it so we're going to see if we can
spot it maybe I can get them on camera
it just keeps running around the
neighborhood hey there's the baby one
sad skunk what is that what is that
thing okay looks like as a bushy tail no
comment
I'll buzz you wanna see me gonna see him
gone on ten sound all French huh then
sound no friends just read keep the rest
later
so what'd you think yes yeah oh it's on
we saw the baby muskrat something then
we talked to the neighbor right all
right what'd she say yeah they had
babies yes a bunch of them it's called a
rock Chuck or something yeah the helpers
yeah yeah they're pulling in I was like
hey what are the things like don't care
another making house next door I don't
think they're a fan of it I said they
eat all the grass all right this is the
hot pepper challenge kiddies habanero
peppers like it ain't nothing I love
spicy yeah were you a trial
cheers Cheers oh thanks fight see
margarine
oh no to pick out pick out your answer
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten
oh okay go get to the couch go go I'm
not holding her 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
cooking over here come with Oh
Sega here's what one two three four five
six seven eight
what oh nine little ones goodie
community
yes go go go oh I'm gonna make you work
for it
yeah I gotta create I got a three one
two three four five six eight no no
could I go back to mommy
go back to mommy Oh
I'm gonna watch you I'm gonna walk soon
good you go to oh five six ten Hey nice
little skate yeah really she's a loser
in here again see me I forgot to record
a clip after that but don't you think
that was ten steps I think those ten
steps are little baby steps I think
those but she did it and she's walking
and she's balancing she still prefers to
crawl
she'll only do little stuff like that
amazed them up guys may is the month
it's definitely one of my favorite
little milestones for kids see him walk
it's just so I got my heart I'm that
girl hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
make sure to check out our other video
if it's not up right now it will be up
soon
so some people are sneaky look this is
very sneaky
but will she send us up to date on a few
times so we've met her at blog refer a
few years ago now as a know was just
born actually when I met her so she said
the kids a few packages and she's has a
cute little church that coolest brother
shirt and sausages lastly and awesome
rule the galaxies like a take a workout
type of material and I mean like that
dry sit I don't know what's called
that's really cool and the cute little
shirt oh is you have a little bunny fire
and another cute low I love you shirt
and some pants for Noah it's just so
cute
Thank You Alexis
