good morning sweet world Dejan and his
girlfriend are gone already it was a
very quick trip I was kind of stressed
out the first day because let's see
Jenna was out of town we were sitting
there I was getting the house all
cleaned and ready to go I was about to
go downstairs and work on this room and
then all of a sudden I heard some
coughing no it was sick again it wasn't
as bad as the first time but in my mind
I was like oh oh here we go again this
is gonna be just like last time and then
I started thinking like does he have the
flu is this contagious
Dejan and his girlfriend are coming what
are we gonna do is he gonna be okay I
can't push the limits I called my
brother-in-law who works a lot of kids
we were in through some things
determined that it wasn't that serious
he know about SPAC right away I was very
safe with what I fed him but I think he
just jumped back into crazy normal Noah
foods too fast and I also think he was
eating a little too much I think he's
just been overeating since then now he
kind of has figured out that once he's
full and feels full maybe it's time to
chill the worst as though you're like up
all night and then you wake up the next
day and they're kind of tired and just
kind of ornery and they're maybe not
that nice to you and you're like ah
being a parent is such a selfless job I
was up all night with you and now you're
mean to me so I texted my parents and I
just said love you guys then all my
siblings we all had a heart tart well if
your mom and dad picture taking care of
us even if we weren't always nice to you
that parent life guys I fir had to
change my sister's name in here but
apparently it might be baby time because
she didn't answer she doesn't know that
she's having a baby
it could be today it could be this week
it could be next week it could be right
now I think our plan would be to go
visit her in March and meet the new
little babe
last time I received a lot of positive
feedback about my glasses especially
from this one and you know what they say
happy wife happy goodbyes I was really
excited to get my Warby Parker glasses
I've been wearing them a lot especially
in the morning I've been better it just
my total eye health better taking his
contacts yeah so I typically wear
contacts but I do like to wear glasses
and I've really really really liked mine
so shout out to Warby Parker for all
their help with that and for sponsoring
today's video last time we did this guy
I kind of went safe my guy says I think
you did too
we both kind of went with really like
yeah I just wanted something to replace
the awful ones I had gotten in the
summer yeah I was rushed to get glasses
if you guys remember I had that eye
problem so today we are actually going
to try on some more each of us got five
we're gonna put a link in the
description below that you guys can use
to go get five pairs to try on yourself
you get five days to try them on - yeah
and you don't have to even buy them you
don't want to which is nice because no
one wants to feel rushed or pressured
and then give you a free shipping label
back to every shipping to you when I
picked mine out actually there's an app
a Warby Parker app on the phone and I
have an iPhone EXO it has like face
recognition and it scans my face and
showed me which ones would fit well on
my face because I do have like a bigger
head kind of like a wider face
especially than you like compared to you
we well we definitely very different but
it's really cool because they help you
look good with your glasses like you
don't have pick ones that don't fit your
face it's practical but it's also a
fashion accessory so all you guys have
to do is click on the link in the
description or go to Warby Parker comm
slash sanika s am i ka it'll take you to
the website where you can get your home
Tryon kit you'll pick five frames and
then you can try them out return them
for free I will show you guys my box
real quickly open it up and inside just
as like a guide and instructions the
label is ship it back and then my five
pairs which I'm gonna try on gender
awesome I quite safe but did
for me yes no you think of that thing
rapidfire I'm gonna put these on and put
a number next to each one I want you
guys to post in the comments which one
is your favorite I have one that I
pretty much have already decided that
I'm probably gonna order but I want you
guys input if there's enough of a
certain number that I will change my
opinion so what did you think
under one two three four five ours are a
little different I had some two-tone you
could see there's a common theme a lot
of clear I most of mine were clear you
could tell I kind of wanted to try some
clear ones cuz that's all the rage right
now I kind of wanted to get clear ones
the first time but I figured I should
probably get ones just a little more you
know safe I guess you could say vom
ready don't mix it up
want some more so the lenses are super
nice they're anti glare
anti scratch the prescription glasses
start at $95 which is a lot cheaper than
what I had paid this summer
plus they're stylish and when you get a
pair they also give a pair to someone in
need because there are so many people
that need my glasses in the world that
are suffering so that's a pretty cool
thing about Warby Parker so let us know
what your favorites are um and you'll
see which ones we end up getting and let
us know if you tried that home kit
yourself and which ones you go with sent
tweets and pictures and stuff because we
like to know yeah last time people were
tweeting us pictures of them getting
their kids and then trying them on and I
thought that was pretty really fun so my
cousin even just sent me a text last
week she's like hey what's your link I
want to get some more be Parker glasses
so pretty cool that they're working with
us let us know how it goes for you guys
and hopefully soon we'll be looking even
more stylish yes then we can get in a
packet how's school been going for you
lately Greg what do you been learning I
worried about what to think
yeah what letter did you learn about DNA
oh yeah what would would you make I made
about a mouse yeah how you feeling these
days you feeling better yeah what about
the better bye bye are you going
swimming too yeah what's your new words
you can say keys a bike what's that
if it's a full a Mingo he say flamingo
he say rock do you say bike say doc Doug
say bike
hey Rock what else
he's in no need sunscreen - look how
beautiful you look the cheese yeah so
pretty you dude
mr. handsome look at you I see you bump
I see ya bum ya tomorrow 20-week halfway
bump date it's 80 degrees today but this
water oh my god I was editor monitor it
is I want to think what am i watch
underneath actually I think it uses the
GPS but the water the pool water is
freezing so we'll just stick with the
hot tub today because it isn't too hot
this one isn't you sure about it it's
been a while since she's been swimming
this guy we gotta get in swimming
lessons PG baby
yeah watch it don't try swimming again
giddy you got a girl you got it nose
open it out I know I should put my suit
on
no one's a good big brother though oh
now this is called dad runs a good small
trick look fetch trick this is a PSA /
educational video for those of you that
are looking to put replace the battery
inside of your key how long have we had
our car two years it's already been two
years we one of those keyless key
bindings I feel like an idiot so I just
wanted to show you guys real quick quick
tip because at some point in your life
you'll run into this and many you guys
probably already know this there's a
little button here you go like this top
we can use that there's no place so
that's kind of funny make you like it
get almost see you know like the car
without it I'm confused
I don't know anyways I'm a cart I mean
I'm on Google it showed using that's
like pop it open that's all yes
so you pop open the back which I've
already done and it pops open like this
right and your battery is usually is
there I feel like made it your battery
isn't right there now I'm sitting here
like trying to pry it out like like this
I get it all I'm cutting myself I had
all of the buttons fall out because the
whole thing just popped off super easily
and I was just like laughing I was like
what the heck no I broke another decade
winding it up was kind of frustrating
but for people that ever need to replace
batteries not just some key remotes like
this bear with me I know most of you
guys already got this works but I didn't
know because I never deal with these
batteries that there's usually a little
area but you just push down on
and it's much harder than it looks
oh my gosh okay now Jen's is jacked up
too
they should not make these just come out
like this right now look at this this is
what happened with the other one why
that Union that's just bad design
anyways you should don't you just push
it down right there's like a little
almost like spring area right there and
you can just any congested the metal is
made to kind of go in a little bit there
and you just kind of you just pushed it
in a little bit and then it would come
out and hopefully this doesn't happen to
you the second time oh anyone has anyone
experienced that I just want to know
because are all key fobs designed like
this where these pieces just break apart
well don't break it apart Warren I'm not
trying to it's just so weird
okay at least the battery pop up got the
battery yeah anyways there's a little
spring release so that your buttons on
fly everywhere like just happened to me
which one's the new one oh yeah hey what
is that the last two years I never ran
out like I didn't know there was a
battery in the Kibo little area you just
put push the battery and it usually pops
out and you won't have to do what I'm
doing right now we're all good to go I
was wondering what would happen if the
battery ran out was the car just all of
a sudden stopped moving and then be
stranded somewhere we only one car right
now and we share it so trying to get to
the first little bit like the adventure
a little goober ride with another key
that was out of battery so luckily we're
on top of that and replaced it right
away
there is your tip of the day don't be
like me and make the keys fall out
little pressure on the battery and
you're good
one thing I did not expect about Arizona
like it it kind of surprised me I don't
know why I didn't think of this
there are lemon grapefruit and orange
trees everywhere there's a lot of fruit
trees here
