stop talking
this kiss just got four hairs FEG thank
you what's the freak that kids lucky you
lucky ha I think of other the babies to
go get some donuts attended Saturday
it's finally signing up for a full week
of rain and they want to go the house so
badly
TJ brought me her jacket like an hour
ago and has me wearing ever since - once
about size over
look losing a new car seat this baby's
in a new car seat there's your hand I'll
write up at her little mirror back up on
the back put a little plastic one so
that way she can see you not feel alone
can you see her Noah CJ I
huh pink sprinkles yeah how'd you donut
oh so good big bite thumbs up thumbs up
how's your little piece of donut so yeah
me let me Turkish what what happened
that's it five pairs and we have to go
back to the TV
no what are you talking to the movie
there don't ya I got you a chocolate
cake and then the twist is for mom
that's my failing school zoo it's
awesome
just that one like French crime you like
looks like a bow tie I don't know it's
called a bow tie yeah that's donating I
got like an hour and a half here's the
zoo yeah Samson up all night and then it
didn't even matter because he didn't get
the sneakers until like Jonah all night
and then when they usually drop didn't
happen I think about another hour okay
two hours of sleep worth it five pairs
this one's especially in mud and I went
to grab some wipes and I see her tune on
something and like what did you put your
mouth IRA see it's a clump of up in her
mouth so just one time I don't even
think Noah's eaten mud before surprise I
actually did my makeup today I'm gonna
try to do we make it more fill a little
bit fresher about myself and hopefully
people stop comping that I'm greaseball
because people do call it I'm a
greaseball I see those comments what do
they bother me no I don't care what you
guys say
yes do I wash my hair every day no I do
not wash my hair every single day but
only because I was very dry scalp and I
can't wash every day
okay I'm trying to fix that the dryness
with a little bit of oil in there okay
eyes so some days I do look like a
greaseball it doesn't mean I don't
shower just means I don't wash my hair I
want a shower every single day just
don't wash my hair every single day like
most ladies but yes we were playing
side and we are so happy about it just
then my brother is here
pizza's here Sam I are eating really
quick before we head out about to leave
right now to go down to Salt Lake chance
the rapper that's I'm entrusting my
children with ya need three girls each
topic a lot of lights
maybe some feathers profit a date day
night yeah honey I look at her should we
get this for her Gigi sure she's coming
out to help you
I know then right next to that look at
this coincidence torch at invader
happened does it it was my first time
you know she started Noel all the ones
who have been taken away
I feel bright really perfectly uh so uh
we can good tonight now actually
freaking out on a date or in Salt Lake
City I saw David's watching the kids I
thought it'd be fun if we went to a
little concert the last concert I went
to was can't remember the feeling over
Phillips
so look probably I hear that I was like
you do and anyway so we got some tickets
we're me two rows behind dejan watching
him dance and make those faces all night
and it was why we pull in and I'm like
I'm trying to do my age yeah really
feeling my age my dinner sponsor
everyone's an IRS baby we got to kid
yeah yeah okay that's a party with also
my run into a kdz the El Padrino yeah
and we just went and stopped at the mall
for a second to get a smoothie and look
at some shoes yes
we were going to have a proper like go
to dinner before the concert so we had
ordered pizza for the kids and for David
so we just ate some of that so Sam's
just having a little I'm gonna limiting
Sam's having a little sandwich I had a
little movie it's a chocolate ordinary
so this going to be a long night
and yeah
kind of credit Zubaz ah their mind we
good
there's a bad there's at least forty
we're good we're good
we're not we entitled we good there's
nothing wrong with Tory I'm glad this
world coming to a chance to rapper Kanye
or my cookies go dude
show Mike upset Ernest I do like a cup
sack on Chicago I just don't want people
be like holy bandwagon yeah the ganna
just into my body with the metal
detector said keep it licking my hand
hey so we got in we we just met someone
and then anyways we just rented someone
else Monica from California Fresno
Fresno they drove all the way out here
that's pretty awesome
oh my god yeah making new friends
they might check with normal women say
our Colombian football dog still be home
would also here to talk to everyone
people
we've been computing we can pop up by DJ
Oreo is ready go
since rapper
ah
Oh
Oh
Oh
what are the matter families are the
matter this is just business
see you right after nothing comes before
you nothing else matters all that this
is for you you are all that matters
I dance around the darkness I'll Billie
Jean roll fine to it and we still a be
broke that I got the formula Bon Appetit
yeah my dears but way behind my peak you
gotta eat this is that to my princess
point of interest for the entrance
Alleluia the kid grew up the crowd share
the child booyah mic drop a walk
right of my life I'm growing up and I
want to I want to do this the right way
bro go out of the row out of you the
best way possible
so thank you guys the experience part
and it's only event I don't care about
they don't all these things I tell you
hi
I'm going to say instead a full like set
it was amazing like the lighting the
colors everything Varrick are our G yes
it was cool though like it wasn't Curtis
all the profit of the insurance
you got
Brown
scuse great I couldn't hear him pass
attempt is just so loud but I screamed
along with everyone else it was fun I'm
glad we went was very it was very stinky
in there tonight enjoy that kind of
really breathe at all
um but it was fun concert I'm glad we
went for you guys you went yes it was
cool just to like watch the show I know
I was trying to take everything even
like the camera work yeah the cameras on
the jumbo Scott jumbo Tron's really good
but just like the people would pick the
perfect shades like orange and yellow
and red and green and stuff you use like
all the primary colors it was so cool no
the light I don't man I've never been to
rest my purse I don't know if they're
all like that but it was good I wish I
would have known on the song so
convenient it was really upsetting
texture but there's these kids in front
of us and then Dan's in front of them
and all three of them always like knew
every word to every song then there's a
couple of XS do we analyzed
well not like judging but I don't know
they didn't hate me not for talking
nothing
three hours were like oh they must about
these tickets and then broke up yeah or
something something was going down the
missing button don't fight because they
did not enjoy that concert whatsoever I
was like oh I was like oh gosh music so
we got yeah it was great though we had I
had a good time I think I ran into
Cole's ears oh yeah that was so so fun
to meet you guys thanks for coming and
saying hi to us we love when you guys
come and say hi it was great it was fun
fun night Sunday night and down David
said they got the kids down really fast
they just like went right to sleep so
that was perfect we started moving and
then someone died right in front of us
so we're giving them a jump
well their car died right Weatherly
started to move of course but we ran
from them so of course we had to stop oh
yeah so we stopped and helped you in
luckily though we weren't in front of
them I don't think no there we were just
kind of like a team we have really like
jump-starting people with this car
uh-huh
so it's kind of confusing because one of
the negatives is on there during various
bad places it's a plastic yeah so good
look good good be encouraged twister
wrappers and I think I was I guess a
great guy
we advise Oh Victor
