so Sam was up late he always falls
asleep with no work and then decide to
say of concurrence is not tired but he
has with the kids snoring so I addressed
and listen to the nap way I was out with
the kids at my friend's house I kept
going over there and now we have to see
mr. light access to something
here's a shaking his head at me
now let's playing outside even though
it's freaking cold but he's
skateboarding a little bit it's so cute
good job well careful you need to put
your helmet on okay yes you're so cool
you're riding it backwards careful thank
you it's also freaking cold outside but
I just need nothing on himself but I'm
going to go do out there and way too
cool for the baby go out there look like
she's still sleeping when she wakes it
from her nap so he doesn't have to come
inside she could be very jealous that
you know it's freezing today bring hi
this will cold outside it's so cold he
is so tired
his poor skin and blow dried he started
scratching in like just like like
between his leg like like it between his
leg right here and it was just so red
and like woke up crying last night
sing oh wow mom I've always and so I
changed school because it's wet he had
peed in that third Mel's a night and he
was like bleeding he had scratched
himself so hard at there was a little
blood
he had scratched so hard I felt so bad
his skin was just so chapped nothing
like playing so much aquaphor on him in
all of his famous thoughts it's just
like this weather being so non-committal
this is weather scream like cold hot
cold warm sunny cold hot warm that feels
like his eggs meant really really
triggered by weather as well as sugar I
think some didn't see the sugar but the
weather really I noticed the most
changing skin when the weather changes
and the weather can't make up its mind
so his skin can't really like it's like
dry not dry dry not dry he's so bad so
he's had some alleys and he was up on
and off all night and in our bed yeah
yeah now we're going to me too huh
so he woke up again like early early
morning like mom how he's again and so I
got more cream
is so bad for him also I just want to
clear something up usually I don't like
I really don't ever let like negative
comments bother me because that's their
opinion you know like cool I post my
lies on a minute so I get to write to
judge but people were a little confused
with my green screen joke I was just
saying different places we were moving
to the Canada and the armpit were not
related whatsoever I was just saying
we're leaving were moving to Canada and
I'm like oh we're moving to your outfit
like it was they were not related they
were not related they're so sweet to
different places were moving to jokingly
moving to biggest trend over the past
couple days has been face app which
allows you to see what you look like as
a boy or girl old baby adds a smile so
we're going to do our China I actually
did two with random pictures and the
results were pretty funny oh gosh
hideous Jen looks like her brothers and
I kind of look like my sisters I guess
so no it said I'm gonna go first am I
going first buddy I don't feel like
those a natural face
I'm not your person your lips I mean I
feel fine okay here's me with a smile
thank you look at my teeth that's great
Lee doesn't have a smile here's me old
oh my god you're still very handsome
that mustache hey what the heck yeah
yeah I don't know be a babe sorry I like
young almost looks like me right now
yeah I died and uh female you look like
you're Dennis oh do I
yes you and Amy could be haha siblings
yeah I love it I was like Coco yeah it
looks like I'm either and one of them I
looks like a Hillary doesn't bright
ready stance though but you go look
straight at me not like that yeah Liz
normal yeah okay
wait come ago we're as discussed here
you're the other mr. mile oh no I'm not
all picture of me old Jenica yeah oh my
dad yeah I'm saying yeah I like the same
I feel like a lot of people it really
changes a better picture of me here's a
male what the Oh
one two three good job
I think it's the best on kids who's just
so funny they're old okay let's see oh
there's no uh smile
well what uh you look like the kid from
signs or something what's the old Noah
Oh word
that you yeah thanks Gramps grandpa Noah
yeah young Noah oh no what oh you like
old uh female know what girl actually
read there's going to be smile oh it's
creepy
they're like try and get our tongue out
of the way close it old Penelope EMU
what's up no maybe female hey your boy
what that creepy dude you show the
picture of the one from earlier today
where I look like my brothers
oh yeah so on Twitter you put on Twitter
I feel like those are better the more
professional this photo
I thought the better it works oh yeah an
Avenger yeah it was creepy
no one works a lot he was like I might
on my own type because here
what I did of me yeah look at Santa's
old that looks legit the really--it are
going to look in your old you think
yeah you look can't the girl me yeah
that's why you see young means exactly
the same as me yeah this with a little
but the absolutely spoon face tuna oh
here's a gosh it's so creamy I look like
my brother with a dimple yeah told you
there's old me
alright oh oh look I'm amazed gracefully
you look good
I'm still going to be attractive see a
year old just say now this is not a paid
integration I think it's just like a
funny oh yeah so you guys have used a
tweet is perfect so cool a lot of
opinions about the move which is awesome
they're mainly positive some people
saying we're going to hate it and things
like that that's that might be the case
but that's kind of like not the attitude
I usually have going into things like we
said definitely not is moving there for
temperature although in the winter that
will be awesome I also didn't realize
how many people watch the vlogs from
Arizona which is crazy so we're going to
go out there before we move and when we
do we'll plan on having some sort of
Meetup we haven't done a meet-up in a
while I think it'd be fun to do that
done I also mention to each other going
on a road trip this summer because we
every summer as you guys know at East
we're thinking maybe we should drive and
go because it's like we always have a
path of family and people we want to
visit so we do do that maybe we'll do
more meetups but we might just fly stuff
and decided yet very excited though
tomorrow supposed to snow good times
we'll see you guys tomorrow
we're going to live on a cactus
