I feel like half of the day spent saying
is this yes pick it out your mouth hang
around because it is good morning
afternoon
it's like 12:00 what's after noon right
I got a nice clean car seat cover I've
never washed his car seat cover which
kind of disgusting oh this part came off
also it's like you know this like pad
this is like the the memory foam pad
it's not even member from I lastrella
it's like so hard to squish miss memory
foam but not really and it's so dirty
and I didn't know if I could wash it
since it's like foam I probably should
have it's like so gross yeah dirty but
anyway I got his car seat clean who you
callin for sis where is he
she was yelling for dad we're dad
bed or said I said you guys but I said
time every time she was literally
yelling that that that's when you walked
away walk away into say I love her so
much
I myself bug camera certain day off
right
the crummy crummy cloudy nasty weather
competitive car why did you shoot every
time who's that recession
you're the tripod one it's serious we
have something really sweet on recording
YouTube
last time on sambuca blood we've talked
about moving air okay River remember now
you guys have known that we haven't
talked about moving for like five years
a couple months actually it's not
erection like I know that summer real
mentioned that's all the pets 365 days
have been not the best except okay
Trevor be genuine and life of peach and
some fun family trips
yeah there's been a lot of good times
but it's been like I should say was in
the best it's been hard yeah bill passed
365 days of in our past year and we're
ready to turn the corner turn the page
write a new chapter
yeah so I something new I think we've
decided where you want me there are a
lot of comments on the blog that way I
kind of talk and mention things and it
was a lot of thoughts that I had already
had but they helped yes we take
everything into account we do I'm very
excited to announce I already know where
we're going we're moving to huh we're
moving houses no longer are we gonna
move your bank no you wanna move north
yeah you wanna live somewhere that's
warmer yeah do you wanna live somewhere
where you can swim do you want to live
anywhere yeah
you want to stay here oh wow you got
some work to do we're just look at that
one make sure everything's okay
you'll be happy one I mean very lovely
I'll be - she's surprised we're moving
to Canada just getting here a bit so
just get
surprise we're moving to Perry am I in
front of the Eiffel Tower
I need a clap Jim two three ah pretty
ladies on a truck he just he know I was
really worried that he's not gonna be
able to go to any more Utah State
athletic things I know but we'll
actually come back to eat a lot I think
don't you will visit so this will be
basically only a one-year test trial
yeah an adventure right Jenna's from
California I'm from Illinois
we met I'm kind of in the middle in Utah
never really thought we'd stay in Utah
no got a job in Salt Lake loved it had
an opportunity in Logan loved it very
grateful that we moved here people for
our two extra years that we lived here
but we've decided that it's time for a
gentle something new new adventures yeah
it could be hard it could be difficult
yeah it could be a lot of fun it could
be on a shirt both probably right oh
wait yeah yeah because we've gotten meet
people guys we put myself out there is a
mom friend Jenn's worried about making
friends I think come on guys it's tend
not awesome you could always make
friends yeah done so hair I didn't
realize that you want to be friends of
you he's a good player being bred as far
as like my checklist in life I have so
much of it checked our family amazing
white black kids I graduated from
college a physical I had I I love what
we're doing working creating photography
video vlogs yeah and generally like all
that stuff is what makes me happy I know
in your checklist we still have my house
no that's not on my checklist right now
it's on my checklist soon
it's not perfume here on our checklist
yeah I'm not your check doesn't have to
be a few years yeah we're not going to
buy a house in Arizona we're going to
rent for a year see how we like it
um I just I don't think mentally either
one of us or our children to have
another winter at the station hurt yeah
we understand that the summers are
insanely hot yeah we also spend a lot of
pinellas back there - but uh he's
playing with the Mario figure we spend
so much of our summer away from where we
live because that is the time when all
our family and friends are free so we
are going to be in New York again this
summer I'll be in Chicago
probably California yeah those are like
holidays like the three destination
speech they go to so that will be fun
and so we won't endure the rough part
the roughest right yeah I mean at this
point in our lives we're still young we
have a young family so how are you why
not I should wear a green old are we
don't worry Thanks in a month
- - yeah well you see that's all because
you're young enough like that was a lot
of you guys there seemed like the kids
are still young where you guys can make
decisions you guys are going on Oh yet
and you know we might actually really
love Arizona end up wanting to say that
we don't know like we mentioned before
we thought of a movie in there before I
kind of like job interviews that were
about to go down yeah I never happened
we always said oh I'll be fun and we
went visited it just seemed fun and
exciting new things more things to do
more adventures to bring you guys on
well as far as like our YouTube channel
goes we want to continue to do daily
vlogs
include some of those adventures and
then I think we want to do more like
activities challenges and like things
are the kids we've kind of knowledge or
older now it's where you like understand
and like those things like love those
videos so we think you'd really like
you're just making the videos now yes so
and then also taya I know there's a lot
of things as far as me personally like
career-wise and grace I kind of want to
work on my own thing on the side as well
that probably will include a YouTube
channel where I dive into different
things technology
photography video
and I think that will help me feel like
I'm growing as well as a person because
just doing daily vlogs for me is like
it's amazing but I want to continue to
grow yeah so I feel like kind of getting
a fresh start
jaanu yeah we felt we were well I felt a
little stuck here in out location I love
our friends we're gonna miss our friends
so much for him I'll be back all of our
friends here and Logan who loves living
in Logan really that's where we've grown
up and Logan tight I would love for the
kids private school here anytime is
where we times about Utah State yeah
yeah this is where we've had so many
other nations yeah the family so we love
our time here we just feel like time to
try some yeah I know it's finding my
friend kids like why is one type of him
they just wouldn't don't live in Europe
for a year I'm like oh section her
sharing and then I said well what about
a lot of stuff yeah are you sad it's not
that far away another reason why we've
decided is because it does bring us
closer to family will cut the distance
in half to go to California to be with
Jen family and also cut the distance to
my sister Courtney yes which she's very
excited about as well I'm really excited
so that you know that will bring us
closer to our family here in the West
although we won't be leaving some family
here and Utah's well my cousins will be
releasing the Mamas I'm doing salt like
so we'll try to come out there and my
brother Matt is still in southern Utah
everyone's know what David will be doing
he will not become Arizona with us he's
decided to stay here in Logan because
he's going to school and he just made
some good friends and he's not ready to
part with so yeah but he's big he's
invited yeah he if he changed his mind
you know before we move and you'll come
with us yeah but people owe me like what
Caleb but it's a huge possibility we've
mentioned before that a host family man
yeah because it's a huge possibility
like more than 50% a class when I talked
to him I thought they were going to move
yeah when I talked to lolly
we eventually preparing we lament
repairing we had then much to prepare
for us moving as well we're still gonna
be skyping them because no one can do a
lot
and popular said it for spring break
their winter breaks she's going to come
stay in the heat with us so that's the
thing I want to tell my friends all over
the place like keep coming out
not when it's not yeah I told to my
girlfriends that - I haven't told all my
friends that were a complete life for
sure moving and we don't have a specific
house right now that we're having in -
no that's the big that's the big thing
that so moving forward we are in that
side exactly when we yeah well I think
it will be in the next couple of weeks
it could be soon though I laid it when
do i whole itis do you think we'd be
there September September in well ladies
all right no latest I agree I say the
latest August September
yeah we're just antsy like now that we
finally made our decision and it feels
good really felt like or Arizona felt
good but like yours I feel like they're
like it's a good step for us to try a
new it feels good we don't like it we
can go back we can come back I would
hate many people said this out hate not
to like try something them right in
wanting and talking about yeah
especially because we thought of our
life we wanted to come back and live in
Salt Lake area or somewhere else like
right you know yeah live a little bit we
we're crazy as it is because videos
online we're really excited I'm really
excited I'm excited I'm nervous a little
bit
I'm more nervous for back from moving to
Arizona Linda's packing up in my driving
terrible road I remember the Knowles had
like a brand integration with the moving
company so maybe we can we're gonna cut
about cut cost a little bit um because
that is that stressful moving the
packing up and cleaning and Emma and
also when we have been looking at
there's so many houses to rent there
especially radio right now never whine
it taught me and we're like that
it's like tempting to buy a house
because it feels like gonna be cheaper
than renting but but they're good
affordable places that are a little
bigger than our place right now that I
feel we're just on a record space have
more space for the kids
big debating a lot of other we should
look for a place to the pool but will
for sure me to the community with the
pool mm-hmm
I can't guarantee we won't complain
about it being hot no I will definitely
I hate being extremely hot today here
comes the comments here goes why are you
moving to be honest the high desert we
are moving to the freezing dead where we
go to my place how did you hate being
hot he really not every day an extremely
I hate being home we go to Chicago I
think you know I've done it like it's
different and um I just can't do the
winter anymore you guys the galleries I
would probably surprise
Bengals duck inside and Milky Way second
side anyway the whole winter where it's
gonna be snow in here it won't be
smelling there and that's all that
matters to me right now that it won't be
snowing there I just can't do it
mentally I can't I'm very affected by
the weather just my liver addicting and
now we're going to come here in the
winter for like little chips yeah I'm
sure we will I'm sure we'll take a
little winter trip or we'll just go to
Flagstaff where there's still snow
positioner yeah that's where they know
what my cards wave to I don't know
anyway I know we will cause a little
things that's always been kind about I
always complain about the freakin snow
but I'm Benna persevere I'm going to try
not to complain about the heat though
yeah you'll just see it's already maybe
not like a running counter complain
number 20 now I'm excited I'm excited
for the ventures activities for new
change new things and I wrote down some
facts I'm trying to see if there's
anything oh I have no friends I have no
friends just that full final thought is
my thought I don't notice sure this is
you I feel like we've always done things
for other people working for companies
and when we decided to quit my job in
Salt Lake we said we were going to do
things for ourselves I think for to
certain extent we did that if I continue
to find myself falling into like doing
too much for other people almost in a
way which is like not a bad thing
but I'm ready to do me I need an you
know I'm just ready to focus on us you
know yeah like I always like I just like
I don't know I put too much trust in
people sometimes and I'm really just do
our own thing for a little bit do make
our own decision if they were completely
you're almost like isolating ourselves
from like the world in a way like our
own world yeah and going somewhere now
which may be the first thing but I think
I'll be fun that's right you don't know
until you try and I don't think we'll
ever ever like be completely happy
settling in Utah until we try Arizona
happiness is a daily thing we have so
many things that make us happy
ya know and I'm so grateful that we've
been able to live here we've loved
living Utah I'm going to miss the
scenery I think you Ty's beautiful I
mean with all my friends all of our
friends from college yeah from the told
chapter in our lives is hearing you talk
basically those we really want to leave
them and my family leaving my brother's
my cousin's you guys think we're moving
to intersect peddling movie no and none
of those people live here I know we just
felt like we might see them more and so
we're not doing that purty try something
completely different and out of our
neighbor zone or you know it never you
have to know good in your time so
anyways thank you guys for you guys you
would have this flexibility we would
have this opportunity to try something
like this and after your separed worship
luck in that desert of Arizona
what's up fun I'm boiling a new place
maybe next year we'll go to a new state
we're a trial into the final one be like
see ya tomorrow one-fifty one-fifty
I didn't go back to school
good I'll go go go
