Penelope's talking can you say mama say
Dada
now say Dada Dada Dada
apologies for the serve luck today had a
lot on my plate a lot to get done I've
been editing those photos also had tax
day yesterday I was pretty prepared for
it this year last year I was learning a
lot and I feel like I hadn't done a good
job like documenting everything but this
year I did really well so that actually
wasn't too bad but it just took a lot of
time to finalize everything I probably
should have done that a couple weeks ago
but actually I got it done without
stress I feel like this time I told Jen
just to kind of take it easy these two
days so we really didn't record much but
this is what we did record no went to
bouncing side you go to jumps on to you
went to bouncing side so thanks for you
guys patience this kind of happens
everywhere where I got to get special
socks do you gonna hike yeah I'm hoping
the weather gets nice because I want to
take no for a hike and maybe the whole
family but anyways enjoy today's vlog
we'll be back at it again with a normal
vlog tomorrow
these children are crazy you want to
just play out here and it's freezing
it's freezing out here come inside they
still just want to play out here even
though it's so cold
mama yeah you come inside Penelope
hey you yes you come inside
Hey what are you doing are you trying to
eat the brick he's gonna eat the brick
it's cold out here okay good morning
everyone good morning we're going to
bounce inside Sam is working on taxes
all day yeah tax season is just the
worst we're just gonna try to get out
all day the kids were up early PJ was
with like six we're gonna bounce aside
for an hour so the go bring lunch home
Sam take a mini break have some lunch
and then PJ's gonna go for another
second nap we already had a mini nap
this morning and then I'm gonna take
this kid to jump down so we're trying to
just do stuff all day and stay busy and
then on the way to jump zone or way home
uneven mail off all those packages for
my friends guys I'm the worst at moving
off a baby clothes for babies that have
already been bored and I feel very well
but we're gonna do that today ready
I love have
okay what are we doing we're finding
eggs that moms reheat because he's
obsessed with Easter egg hunts now well
that one was easy this is our next
activity we had lunch and then runner on
the block for a walk it starts right
back inside he's such a stinker though
he kept opening his eyes I'm looking
find one I hid them in harder places
this time they're harder to find oh
there's one this is taking a nap well we
have an Incan Penelope's talking can you
say mama say Dada nothing dad dad no dad
dad dad dad dad dad dad mum dad talk no
what no what another be badly twins dad
Noah
mama Kudo her favorite is Noah only so
dad died though for his first like there
and a half of life
there's no such thing is peacefully
watching
