good morning we are about to head to her
one yeah
chuck up appointment we have a bend the
doctor since she was nine months maybe
nine months hey now you're one year old
so now we go to the doctor again
I don't think she woke up a little
cranky today I don't I think it's
because she didn't give any milkie last
night was the first time she didn't wake
up early enough for me to like feed her
she'll go but like 7:30 7 or 7:30 I
don't really know so I didn't nurse her
I think she's a little upset with me I
think hey sexy hi mmm Oh oops
hi pretty girl
good morning
I see one of the doctor actually I
always loved her checkups because I
think it's really fun to see the
progress she said I think she's gonna
talk before I know she's already kind of
saying more words it seems like not
really on purpose I don't know how do
you feel how do you feel Penelope it's
good good
go get way to measure what are your
predictions I'm predicting 90% of
anymore maybe 97 mm-hmm I'm predicting
80% wait 2% wait three in June oh I
don't know I forget most like wait yes
are you excited
so you eaten toast in a way an extra
pound by the time you get there you but
you did not like seeing the doctor did
you know you just went to play with toys
for height 9 or something you throw
weights like I thought about 79 80 and
then 90 almost 94 head see this guitar
tough though you're going to toe this
girl I bought two babies your age Heike
Noah is clearly nothing puppies hanging
out and we are gonna go to Walmart um a
truck was supposed to come and get his
car but that's not happening so goofy
nice to meet you
so wait do I was beat it there's no I'm
ready to hear the story he went come you
said no okay so today during lunch we
were talking about you tires under like
we had been a time uh-huh and we asked
Noah I was she you know he we FaceTime
say we said Noah would you live in
Arizona and he said you dusty but then
we said doing a live near like Elliott
Molokai do you think yeah then we
mentioned something else and you said
you wanna put outside he's like yeah
yeah
then who's also like you go and I stay
yeah so then he goes you go I'll stay
yeah and we're like oh you going us to
go I mean
jenn-air mommy and Penelope he said no
no mommy's day yeah okay so that
happened you just were gone
yeah Walmart walking in that I meant to
okay you're fine if you didn't he didn't
know it was taking a nap with him to
take a nap I was editing I'm loosing the
blog right now and I had to go the
bathroom and I thought I heard him come
into our room uh-huh
I said no no I'm like no I'm in here I'm
in here but then I didn't hear anything
yes I get out and walk out of the
bedroom his doors open I walk down the
stairs
the front doors open oh my god I was
like oh no I was like
Oh No so you figured he figured out how
to unlock both locks like he can again
door and everything I was like he's
outside I gotta go find him this is
terrible oh my gosh my heart is like ice
he walks in the park
oh good I open up the door and he's just
standing there
the front door knocking out he thought
we had left them what oh it makes me
sound like a most carrier now yeah you
thought we'd left on Mike Kevin
McCallister how I made my family
disappear he thought we went to Arizona
like tearing up that so good sad I
turned around because tears just like
falling out of his eyes I was like buddy
we would never leave you all right I'm
right here I was just up in the bathroom
and he's just crying comes up oh I guess
back when he wouldn't let go and I was
just holding him and rocking him I was
like it's okay we all know we'll never
leave you you wanna cry that makes me
want to cry he's like this journey
Marik's place and you go find my baby
barely made me do that where's my baby
hey do you think I went to Arizona
without you you did come here I want a
hug daya said you daddy said hate you
thought we left you here that true the
results are in Penelope stats are tall 2
foot 8 inches 100th percentile yeah it
was funny cuz like oh what's the
percentile cuz he read that off or
whatever and he was like ninety-nine
point nine seven there's a big weight 21
pounds 15 ounces so she's gained Wow
thank you 27 pounds
she has gained 13 pounds in a year
basically
13 pounds in a couple ounces 79th
percentile so like for picture right
ahead 89th percentile
no I have a bigger head and so lose
chunkier I posted in the bullet
yesterday I haven't seen anything yet if
you remember the blog where he mentioned
Noah's we need to find that I want to
compare like I think Noah's taller
probably right do you think the Pope
he's taller than I think Penelope is
taller than Noah was at least for her
hey girl if he was never 100 ever I know
but like they don't run the same thing
right boys right so do you think but do
you think she's actually taller than he
was when she seems taller to me that's
another thing too but I don't know
because no one we moved him out of his
the car seat like at nine months old she
was so big and tall he was in like
chunky I guess piranhas crazy though
baby girl tall she's gonna be a WNBA
player so any volleyball or hey whatever
that you want okay
ballet West whatever fun day today
especially because it is warm outside
which means we spent most of the day
outside I think I pushed Penelope around
the block you have the camera she was so
happy I took her like on a two-mile ride
in the car and she just sat there
smiling and then Jenna done in a little
incident my mom takes in the bathroom
tonight oh yeah
I literally just go back because she was
flashing me out you can see inside the
water you could see her but not inside
the water in the water and then she was
like just looking around just doing
whatever and then I'm trying to get her
attention and then I see it's gross
alright if you don't like poop or things
like that don't watch this
hey PJ hey curly Q sue I love her what
girl when just the tips get wet PJ
healthy Hey
hello P look at me yeah that just
happened yeah yeah whoo that's the first
time pooping in the tub oh I really hope
she had just pooped I hope she wasn't
just like sitting in the poop water she
was splashing me so I scooted back I
looked my phone from it and I looked up
to take that video cuz her hair was so
cute and then I look down there's goop
everywhere so she had pooped I didn't
know it and there was a full hole Boo
Berry in her poop yeah had to clean it
up what else have enough
oh my mom texted me and said she's with
her hairdresser and her dressers wait is
that her someone your mom knows headed
better it's no please double ganger
pullin hold on a second okay I'm gonna
try and post oh there you go you can
kind of see it yeah baby I'll post the
picture - this is Penelope's
doppelganger and her name is Penelope in
three years she's three years old so
tears isn't that crazy
I'm gonna post actual picture you see
impaired that's it's insane it's insane
it's crazy
yeah like I I would have to see more
pictures but like in that way I could
see her smiling like that yeah it's a
little different but the hair and just
yeah I was like what the heck her name
is Penelope that's the craziest part
about it to me completely forgot about
my doppelganger in Phoenix Arizona when
our there next time can I have to check
him down anyways hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog tomorrow I think I'm gonna
practice alright we have a little photo
shoot on Friday well I'm the
photographer my professional
photographer now yeah
what considers being professional he's
getting paid right I don't want to turn
him but like I'm a professional I'm a
professional photographer you're
professional photographer they're
professional
professional videographers - anyways
what's in the comments will see us
tomorrow
