why do you like that good now I don't
know if I was like I don't want to talk
about it you know I don't think I'm
pregnant I just need to be 100% sure
because it is very late it's freaking me
out
I'm not pregnant though I took one a
couple nights ago and it was negative
you're the swim know I initially I
wanted a boy first and then I wanted a
girl second like in the moment those
moments for the third twins
oh no don't jinx me boy don't jinx me
and girl if that happened we'd be done
ladies and gentlemen I am calling it
right now oh my god Sam you're making me
freak out I'm calling it right now
someone capture this moron pull yourself
up do it we don't do it this to me when
I don't do it they wouldn't do it baby
number three dojin said well actually we
may be three and four it'll be twins and
it will be a boy and a girl so young
that's not going to happen it's not
gonna happen it's not gonna happen
that's like what another fear multiples
did you guys know that I could have been
a triplet always dissociative you know I
did meet them when I was born there was
two empty sack areas where there could
have been more babies same with me no
there was
that's what I said I don't know if
they're lying or not but I'm not exactly
room because you guys that make me
really so so I sighs but I still I'm
sorry I feel like I'm going through our
period like any minute of any day but I
still haven't so it's like freaking me
out TMI star bad
many exactly - I don't want to look at
it by the negative are you guys know
you'll trick me it's negative can't see
it clear negative society so it still
can explain why my bodies are weird but
it's still nervous it was like why
haven't I why it was oh yeah yeah yeah
that's not good
positive case what did you ask mommy for
- my teeth my neck your face painted
mm-hmm what do you want on your face
paint football baseball
what can I do I guess I'm not a face
painting I'm not gonna be very good
yes the Chinese turn on the pace oh yeah
oh I'll fix it
okay later
what do you think I know you're not golf
quest
I need a too close to the spear to the
crack of your neck with me forgive me
turn towards mommy this money ah Xiu I'm
gonna mess it up with your blood
I broke mom thick you're next I'm gonna
work you up along this neck you got
daddy's making up my giraffe neck this
guy's existed on my draft
I bought the baby he's the only reason
he's doing this is because about to take
a shower he wants to say to my face I
said I : hey that's good good job
oh just kidding it's awesome what is
this snake hiss tickles
oh but Mel look wait look wait okay
that's good job good job
wow you're such a beautiful artist oh
boy
beautiful okay that's good like your dad
beautiful thank you
funk your dad's neck oh look they're
back on your face Oh dad on what daddy's
place under the food in a key part they
go hide you want you to give daddy a
baseball her
cheers to feel a little heart yeah duck
duck look because this has no hair on
your cheek beautiful beautiful I'll get
mom kid this this burn you wanted to add
a heart it was much like with a Rudolph
he's lucky kids got pompous cash money
now let's take out with your conference
cash flagpole on Moscow marshland and
writer lucky boy huh thanks granny and
Pappaw this is taking out this purse so
we started doing live streams once a
week pretty much I think we do a month a
week it's been like on Sundays usually
but we did the last one on Monday during
the day so that a different group people
that usually can't be there at night
could be there I haven't been keeping
them on the channel because they get
tons of copyright notices because we
play music throughout them sometimes
I've been thinking about doing
livestream highlights maybe like a video
after the livestream of just the
highlights of that video I didn't record
this one locally to my computer so I had
to download it off of YouTube and the
quality and things are a little off if
it's something you guys are interested
in if you want to see live stream
highlights post in the comments what
I'll do is I'll just record the live
stream also locally and then make a
highlight of them because sometimes you
know like a two-hour live stream is a
lot and it'd be cool to recap just the
best parts here are some of the parts
that I was able to grab for my last
livestream now you guys enjoy
take a Gaga period
yesterday we turned the Cubs game on and
Noah came running in he goes look look
it's Jake Jake Arrieta my favorite did
you do that
yeah give a Jake Arrieta stuffed animal
- oh I'm trying to get a hobby
Taiki tossing yeah hard is trying to get
a Harvey
I'll get Michael Jordan Michael Michael
Michael
is my good journey he is napping yeah
Saburo okay now remember make a movie -
Korea day hi mr. Burke's famous family
this is adult radio you know me
not like I know you this is kylo Ren
wearing this work up enough ah what's no
no no I got to basically I've whirring
you're up I want to ever run you're up
let's see uh Mickey Mouse on the moon
fishing yep
oh yeah I should have given everyone a
chance to guess they're together right
you focus
thank you may I think oh so funny
see this is funny eyes i malaria times
look at her Arlis yeah yeah I'd heard
tiny skinny body why is that body weight
yeah sure what is that I heard like
stomach no I had to rush oh it's a fanny
pack
okay puts what you think this is go away
who is it what are they doing
where are they make you looking creepy
AF why is let me see looking creepy AF
that look like a good Nikki I'm gonna
get you in your dreams children that's
actually really good me
waters are barb eating a hamburger in
bikini bottom yes see we're really good
we're CLO babe don't show stuff I didn't
draw anything last night what is this
that's old stuff I mean just it's
nothing good is in there no Ben Everett
Weejun rhyming twins no not right now
before anything I'm pregnant I'm not
pregnant
we're having twins a boy and a girl
hanging no stop stop
twins running my family and every time
we get pregnant I freak out thinking
it's doing okay
everyone's having twins right now if we
had twins would you want it to be a boy
and a girl boy a girl or a plain girl
it's gonna happen no I don't want 12 I
don't know if I can handle twins that's
so much work for me what about me so
much work or me my poor learn I would
start producing milk I feel like yeah
you better I think I guess although my
friend Michelle has the cutest twin
girls right now there so I was taking a
tablet as a supplement from and I would
start producing milk can I be great all
right guys thanks for hanging out um
that is it for today tomorrow we take
Penelope in for her one-year doctor
appointment I've been trying to find
noah's information on what his stats
were at a year but his appointment was
like three or four weeks maybe a month
after he turned one and we just can't we
can't find them right now I know there's
a vlog or a picture or something if you
know where that is
please let us know see you guys tomorrow
you think Penelope's still hundreth over
she many men's percentile do you think
she's still in the 90s we'll find out
tomorrow Livia
