because I can't decide if I should cut
her hair again or just let it grow long
guys I'm back to 5050 go by part of me
wants to just like do not the safe
choice you know the safe choice is uh
staying in Utah where we know over you
it like all of our friends and stuff the
part of me also wants that like thrill
of the unknown I feel like we should
just like move Dara's on it for a year
since we like it either stay or come
back
this little one like climbing up here
and now it scares me hey don't go that
way don't go that way coming this way
come back down this way we're ready for
it to be warm at 10 a.m. so we can be
outside earlier she's like this hang
this over here PJ hey loopy boo just
hold it right there no no but no other
finger just that one right there and
then you stroke just like this
that's a scene like this just like this
no musician on our hands I know I've
been thinking about this day what day to
come down here for a very long time our
first stop is here at the store we're
gonna get some flowers
and other kids could make out some
flowers to leave like those ones which
one do you like you just woke up from a
nap so he's kind of tired we also forgot
there's a lot to choose from I kind of
like be so Easter lilies too because of
the message behind it reminds me of like
Easter in the resurrection honeysuckle
so we get one of those okay this is the
one we actually chose they're right here
PJ you like it yeah blabbers pretty
pretty
I've been thinking about this day what
day to come down here for a very long
time I felt like today was the perfect
day because the Cubs are raising their
cheeping championship banner in just
about an hour at Wrigley Field in
Chicago so I came and I brought a flag
for my grandpa a pennant
when the Cubs won the World Series I was
thinking about all my friends and family
and and people in my life who were
diehard fans who had been rooting them
for them for forever and honestly I feel
like I became a Cubs fan because of my
parents but mainly because of my grandpa
every time I went over to his house the
Cubs were on TV I feel like as a kid he
treated to us too many games I'd get
tickets for Christmas or for a birthday
every single time I was at his house if
there was a day game or something it was
on TV so
I know he would have been super excited
and happy had they had he been here
physically to witness I'm winning and
about today would be the perfect data to
come by and kind of pay tribute to him
and also put a little Cubs championship
World Series pennant right there
plus I might we were down here I walked
by aggrieved and I saw a baseball and a
bat and I was like wow I don't feel like
grandpa has anything by his grave and I
don't want to keep this here like
forever but I think it'll be a nice
little tribute to him and I think I
think you'd like it so honestly like my
whole family even though they've moved
to other places of the country I saw
we're all Cubs fans my cousins and I
think it's because of my grandparents so
there you go grandpa left this pennant
here I wish you're here to witness this
with me but I know I know you're able to
catch some games Thank You grandpa
honestly I probably wouldn't love sports
as much as I do if it weren't for you so
thank you
got some pretty flowers and now dad's
sitting yeah but that's okay because now
it won't blow over it might be for the
best
good what's going on in here this is not
a good idea
that's a nice hug I swear every day is
something something day when I was
running the tricks in Instagram I was
thinking about having a post related to
whatever that day was each day is
literally national sibling day national
love your first puppy day nationally
love another puppy day national
sing-a-song day today I feel like it's
that way all right
the Cubs are about to raise the banner I
have no clue where they're gonna raise
it it's the first one I really feel that
I just where's it gonna go
where are they going
19:07 it's a replica of the one they
hung up in 1907 you see Jake where is he
going
who's that Jake ooh it's Jake Arrieta
oh they each get one
it's hurry up they made like three Yanks
and it was up wow there's like Disney
World tonight this is the first time the
trophy well I guess it's not the first
time he's been at Wrigley but yeah I
mean pretty much hunted that is awesome
wow this is like this doesn't seem real
they like a movie right now
well national sibling day was yesterday
probably celebrated every day baby no
they give me hug oh that's more like a
punch
