live stream tomorrow 1:30 p.m. Mountain
Standard time 2:30 central 3:30 Eastern
12:30 Pacific I don't know the other
time zones be ready here miss Jana good
job Bob
three
good morning we are up and out of the
house at 11 a.m. and we're headed to the
zoo because they are doing an
extravaganza like Easter thing today and
I'm really excited I've no idea what a
few days are I hear that you still may
be here oh there are hidden eggs around
the zoo count them for prizes that's
cool and here with Melissa and Tara
we've made it to the zoo we're supposed
to count and this appears looking
quitter pee with my with my giant belly
and Tara's here oh no your plaid your
stripes yeah I like stripes ups and
Tara's here but she's wearing all black
she's trying to hide her but no oh hi
don't hide it no embrace it embrace the
bump that's so big so fast last I was
with her I got way too big with her way
too fast but did you find an egg okay
that's one
let's keep tracks we can get prizes and
there's an Easter Bunny here it's kind
of creepy oh oh what color is it what
colors are egg Noah okay no we can't get
them what color is it which was the
count then hmm
purple look good Chloe it's in the trees
no yeah and it's not busy yet which is
like awesome this is like the perfect
this is like the perfect amount of
people in here so that's not crazy these
feathers are out come here come here
look do you see his feathers when he
turns around you'll see all the colors
see all the colors the green what that
is a cool bird can't even tell where
it's headed whoa babe what I don't see
any eggs you will not scream okay he
looks fake they don't close feeding a
llama you see it what color is that one
purple she played a game over there
let's have him do the egg race you keep
the egg on it with just one hand just
like that Noah and now you're supposed
to run we're in a race okay are they
going this way come on how them come
this way
where do they go that way it's wake up
okay guys line up this way okay go keep
going no one knows like just slowly
steady with just one hand one hand go
okay now run she's got two hands that's
perfect he's gonna hop he's supposed to
hop I'm gonna prize are you gonna pick
there's a rubberband there's some candy
but he has a friend who helps him oh
that's Carrie no the birds like strike
squawking I didn't realize he's like
somebody's just like staring
he was just like staring staring go see
it bah bah bah bah bah bah bah
MJ I mean Noah's not about that Easter
Bunny life they all say hi from here MJ
screams I can't feel my fingers oh my
gosh MJ seriously the cutest child ever
okay go stand with him there you go turn
around say cheese
say bye do you like to eat the bunny
shake let me get out so I can go eat
that eat your bunny she's waving to the
Easter Bunny go see hi hey hi can you
wave hi hi it used to bunny Lee Hey -
far away
what you do it no I've changed your mind
again what is that what is that what's
that is it a coyote what is it a fox
being on he was saying Fox very
interesting what what in the life right
here your feather don't don't feed it to
him okay I'll give this baby lunch time
at the zoo you bring some pizza dough
pizza right babe what shape good yes
there is a sheep cats just look at the
chin right here do you see what it's up
high Bobcat facts they purr like regular
cats thank you
oh gosh all the ambulance just
went by and all the foxes are now like
freaking out and howling they're like
running around freaking out what what
the Coyotes are chasing each other
oh yeah white and blue spring spring
scrimmage yeah it's pretty dusty we've
got a this is a ninja sword and hope
he's enjoying it she's actually waving
at all the football players and people
out in the crowd
see you at the livestream tomorrow
