look at these teeth babies eating apples
see right here I'll see you soon my
little chubby bunny baby oh stick that
back in there I love you
high five you see bites your cousin
bye hug Ryker bye bye send a message to
say good welcome out of husband just
come out of hug weird uncle give money
daily hugs give auntie a hug bye lady
here's the plan we're gonna FaceTime
every single day just let me hold him
like that your favorite uncle huh yeah
way more than deep look at these two
babies eating apple tail came over for a
little bit yeah look at them we miss him
so much already
yeah opening day for the cabbies
watching the game Te'o Tati and a became
would stop by for a minute
cuz uh are they brought my son Ava's old
spring clothes on
and then they played for a little while
and wouldn't tail up no so much like you
guys that would like but you love your
friends so much some apples together
right next to each other on the couch
you guys are so cute then sitting next
to each other can you tell how tall PJ
is not now because like Noah's like
really tall you've seen him next to some
kids but look how big PJ is next to him
she is gonna be so tall I love it I
can't get over it's so funny she's gonna
catch up to you pretty soon huh
we had a great weekend watching
conference gosh I fit in the way too
much food
Jim tomorrow every single year I do this
I start the vlog or I'm in a vlog and
it's opening day baseball I feel like
this is blurry and I'm like is this
tower here is this I'm here cubbies I
believe I believe every year it might be
well guess what it was last year
and guess what guys
we're gonna do it again this year
you gotta keep the favorite live feed
the line
I have bait I think we can do it chances
are you know we won't people will rarely
go back to back bad thing we're gonna do
it I think we're gonna do we're gonna
win it on again don't lose tonight it's
gonna happen yeah synchronized dance
moves good luck kiss I love you too
fun game comes ended up losing an ex
ratings but it's good add baseball back
got the hockey playoffs coming up
basketball players gonna it's a good
time in sports
good morning fun lunch morning sweet
world
hi there he loves a trash man he waved
to us huh yep it's a beautiful day sis
PJ high-ankle that he had ankle daddy
hurt his ankle yeah catfish with the
trash cans yeah
- hurt his ankle he wanted to tell the
camera good morning guys it's another
beautiful day it's like every other day
it's sunny and rainy then sunny why is
my camera sorry this morning off with
these men headed to the park roll out
and about so
pesco so today we're working on a
Instagram with Oreo have you guys seen
like the dunk challenge that everyone's
been doing I think Shaq he's been all
over March Madness they show his
commercial and we were supposed to come
up with a dunk our first three ideas
were actually rejected oh they're pretty
good so this is what we're working on
right now and we were just gonna like
roll it down the stairs but that's
actually incredibly hard - Jen came up
with the idea of using a train track
which looks just as hard I think I hear
a baby waking up hopefully we can nail
the dunk we'll see both of the kids are
asleep right now so it's you know it's
good time like we gotta get this done
tomorrow we're actually gonna post our
letters to Penelope letters to our
daughter we're gonna make that video be
ready for that it should be a good one
like I said we kind of made one for Noah
before he was born we did not make one
for Penelope but we want to and we're
thinking now that she's turning one it
would be actually a great opportunity to
do so so there it is it actually looks
like in my work we'll see Oreos really I
mean these stairs like my original idea
and I'm talking like this is for ideas
deep was going from the top and making
it all the way down but it's so hard to
do and sometimes it flies into the door
and this is how I does my Oreos
so normally I'm like the crafty one and
I'm like getting stuff for the kids to
do yeah what today Sam got these little
if they I went to Hobby Lobby to get
some stuff and came back with these like
ceramic eggs not really sure would do it
then they book a little basket and like
display them or something and some cute
little paints and those gonna paint them
yeah pink okay let's get you some stuff
to put down so you don't make a big mess
all over the table although that's why I
love this table because you can't tell
when those messes cuz it already looks
kind of messy okay so I'm not I'm not
sure this is the right paint but they're
gonna be textured eggs
well don't wipe it on your shirt I just
said dude don't put on your shirt I have
actually been watching a lot of mr. Cate
videos she is awesome
she and her husband do a lot of home
makeover type things and get the other
side the blink side over here and they
redo like web stars rooms in a way yeah
that's what video really and she does
awesome DUI stuff and she did this
really cool DIY painting for this girl's
house and she just like scraped the
paint across the board it was really
cool I have how many of those tools but
I'm gonna just like attempt something
like that for it like Easter just oh no
okay this is for Easter well no I
painted eggs and they're kind of
slippery huh buddy
under green now so I'm gonna attempt to
like scrape the paint across with like
this paintbrush just see what happened
probably nothing cool but we'll see look
at know what sticking trying it out good
job
gonna try the straw smear it around my
little artiste when no was hurry
finger paint I should that her a little
bit messy for this video of general my
painting huh
okay okay sissy let's put some purple
around your mouth no I kind of liked it
when I painted that one yeah that would
be bad okay there's no way you said you
wanted paint the paper as well lovely
lovely
okay with the forks is a good idea to
just wipe it on herself oh boy painting
if not for eating sis I think we missed
her actual mouth though which is good
beautiful whoa oh my word
that's what sees all the paint dude okay
we had fun painting and then two storks
landing the local like baby boutique
store kind of stuff they have in there
and how much awesome stuff they have in
there just pretty awesome and now we're
at our old park oh it's always so crazy
coming back to this park it's like and
seeing no I know I can do everything now
and climb up all the ladders and
everything and when we used to come here
is this big there's Te'o man no space
over here
hey hey see you big girl you guys are
crazy
we used to laugh about
like Te'o how does it feel have a bus
one who can't talk no he talks how you
feel have a best friend who can talk now
what do you like that Noah can talk now
do you talk now okay crazy boys into us
what do you want she said a coconut it
was so funny
um I want a coconut too there's a little
coconut not too much no don't throw it
crazypants
I'm weaning right now and I'm I'm very
full right now
yes yes yes brother to run that to run
this around that's a run that's a run Oh
