No
Oh
you
what do you think what do you think of
all this stuff
hey hey huh huh I have a princess party
are you having this prices what do you
think this you like it oh you like it is
it a fair you know you're a princess
your princess or on this plate lay yours
Wow I'll I got one for the baby I'm
sorry
you can borrow it later though okay I
want my crown look what your night your
knight has for well there were so
successful down but we got it fixed here
pretty quick so now let's just hope I
can keep these decorations looking good
until Wednesday why there we go now you
belong as party huh
what huh okay old families coming over
later today yeah another year another
disasters cake they always look way
better in my mind and I tried with the
frosting on and it destroys them oh this
is joy but it's okay it's standing it's
gonna get smashed anyway I have a salon
as well
parole things before she eats it got the
cupcake sire to just do little flowers
on most of them I think it's just gonna
be able to tradition that every child's
first birthday they have to have an ugly
homemade cake that's what happens
oh geez man
my people have a rest for me now let's
hide a part of him yes I am hey hey
aside can you say hi say happy birthday
to die for these people look at this
party princess adopt it was a buzz right
and then to community saw yeah all wait
there's nobody fight until I come in the
room and I do decide start crying
hi has a rest time buddy where's Noah in
a photo ID all the most beautiful girl
mo oh there they are
you guys need them chewing on it's a
birthday they'd appreciate I don't know
I think I don't know um yeah I'm the
birthday princess so if you could please
keep me in the frame at all times
hey no talking no interrupting me Kay is
my birthday when I've got my gr I'm here
a film solo princesa princesa dos
Estados Unidos pesos brazil arrows
necklace you the princess baby princess
baby took a little math so she'll be
here cake yeah smash her soul into the
cake dude we can see you okay ya know
step in the poop or the fried poop out
here Neil yeah I'm mixing introduction
no my dog went like waterfront others
big dog ran over there you see fat belt
50 come on in my yard ladies running off
this by lady thanks ladies she singing
still here
come inside dougie
good Patti under Philip potty potty
other go k what's something you love
about Penelope what's your favorite
thing what are you doing
would you play with you yeah almost
anxiety what do you love about Penelope
you love her cake
we just had Alysha Snuggie now this is
playing out fact it's a beautiful day
princess Penelope's in her chariot her
little uh what's it what's the call
formulas and carriage the royal carriage
rocky path can be a princess it's a
birthday party yeah I painted carousel
if you open some presents welcome people
you'll get ready friends with me much
look at that cutie got it let's do the
takeoff look like a girl this is crummy
no I
you got dizzy madman oh no you gotta
with my bus
open that way
now put an ear mouth he made them dab
the dust off your shoulder ah that's
right hey in that and Ryker
my baby no microphone this morning and
it was like to take the Academy for a
probably horrible president she loves
your business good job you guys jakey
girl oh you only want to help her get
this stuff out what is it whoa why look
at this thing perfect day to try it out
- you got a bottle material a good day
to try it out see you that's so cute
yeah hey hey Charlie oh is it from
yeah daddy's right they are sighs
they're hard but they know you just know
I read you the paper either come on I
know it's good
just nice pottery do it you can you
picture a fiction okay it sounds a
perfect picture ha ha what a ham
okay yeah yeah yeah oh yeah - ever paid
to do it Noah's oh yeah
happy birthday it definitely was not
anything like that at all
yeah there we go
mouthing be kidding mother she's ever I
feel like she's about a wire and bro did
it ought to be why David Nami oh look if
I go while we're trying to recreate this
one oh yeah Wow
oh boy he is loving this thing I knew
you would like cake way more than this
way more than no I like your key
nope you didn't yeah kind of bump anyone
says I was good buddy and strawberries
so Penelope like the cake she loved it
under times more than no I didn't know I
hated this cake so kind of funny
let it go no if you have loud buzzer we
do it in and we did this to you
Wow no other age huh this presents local
time and the lighting was just like this
dude oh my goodness we're playing with
some new bubble machine that right there
Haley and there go Matt got four system
off and it's a anima aunt aunt hailey
what's because Haley says auntie and I
slam these values that I've seen here
aunt who did dance and reset on yeah on
yeah I mean it didn't hurt oh ho ho I
used to be am but I say taunt a little
bit like every on by your coach at the
time yes yes they say handle deficit
I'm Minnie Minnie it's Minnie Matthew
haters gonna hate
well I thought today was a very fun day
I thought we had a very fun birthday
party well having a really fun party
yeah I ate too much it was a Sunday my
birthday Becky no no this is next no we
still cannot these yeah what is this
right I wonder yet we've got a little
party with some but Taylor's family in
our family huh oh and then Wednesday
guess what more of you and Penelope's
friends are coming over we're gonna have
some pizza
play a game okay yeah I have ice cream
and cake KL anyone's cuz I'll be jumping
for Dickey yeah that means yeah uh-huh
yeah I mean enjoy it more presents I I
almost feel like you don't have to do
another cake let's give her a cupcake
you get ours Careca pink yeah so you had
your big birthday cake today huh yeah oh
yeah no it was really fun um I like that
it was just chill yes Rachel she really
enjoyed her presents - I've never seen
like when Noah's one he he had very
little interest in opening him ready he
liked some of them we got him the
basketball hoop yeah he actually was
kind of like too small for that also
it's like I was the second kid you kind
of know what to get just yeah like I
didn't know what to get him but like you
yeah now I'm like oh well Donny would
have like sort of like that I said for
her to open up the rest of her presents
good overall very fun
these are 18 months Jamie's your little
pig pig jammy sugar man you need to
brush your teeth with all that sugar why
Kay you had a lot of sugar today what do
you want to tell the people what kind of
advice can you give the world
Apple people peaches Apple what's that
mean me Apple one sad thing of the day
though feels families moving for sure
for sure it's good I think it's like a
56 highly it's a GTI Easter morning
Christian Taylor Fisher moving
painting and it could be as soon is it
then just not done a summer thank you I
was thinking about that today though and
I was like even if they move though
we'll definitely see each other yeah
whoever our path our paths will cross
again
yeah and I was thinking about as I gosh
never forget your first best friend well
and I was thinking about how like we're
gonna run into Taylor or something one
time he's gonna be like 18 right I'm
gonna be so weird yeah I gotta get kids
ready for bed - I wonder why - ah she's
got that hang of filming before no no hi
wait tell me you Noah get me in the
water oh there we are
oh please see do you think you empty a
pill please smack you a demonic you sing
yeah
love ya laughs what
