good day everybody we are starting oh
this way baby
we're starting our afternoon at the
potty store with my sister Haley and
Ryker and Noah and we're going to get
streamers and balloons and all that jazz
it's beautiful dang look at that wow so
beautiful let's go this story Noah loves
this store it's really fun
he asked Oh
what's your favorite don't worry the
Star Wars birthday again we're getting
all the princess know what is that
princess dreamer Oh getting it we'll get
some just regular pink to tuck that in
there Haley okay they have snowflake I
took a wine that glows oh look at these
are cute
what's that I love all the party favors
was like stuff for like three year olds
not for a one-year-old oh oh that's even
cuter oh we should get that instead yeah
that's way cuter oh my gosh I love
princess I ever since ever since having
pj I've been like anticipating this
princess oh my gosh who's that it is
Marshall look at how cute this tiny
little people it is so cute Noah's
holding his princess balloon okay hold
on tight okay don't let the wind take it
I might have got a little overboard but
uh first birthdays it's worth it where's
birthday you got it
I did the same thing with Noah he just
wanted to rip everything off that's okay
cutesy cutesy the dilemma is real I
don't know if I should get her the cat
or the dog we're gonna do this a shoe I
think she would seriously love something
like this that she loves animals and
this is just like a furrow friend I
don't know they're both so cute though
there's Justin turn on
turn on I can't decide I love the cat
more but I think she would like a dog he
did bad dancing didn't dance in it my
mom said that when I was a baby like her
we've got the beach and I would dance in
a chair like that yeah she could boot it
whoa that's no that's not how don't copy
tie these dance moves no no cool Thank
You Penelope are twins are you doing
sabe come on I want to see yourself a
pic them in your hand something you're
so weird
yeah if I my two biggest main crushes
right now are salt bay and doctor
disrespect please the stream around to
it she's really Oh Oh the moustache guy
got a starfruit
cut open how do you even cut open Oh
Mary 41 Wow how do you eat it yeah salt
bay that's up they did it again just
master chef in the house this doesn't
resolve anyone but something so
delicious
it'll work hey you working with the boys
so cute boys huh
so cute I love you a birthday week is
officially underway
well I guess it's that week it's uh
Saturday Sunday Monday today one day
five days to parties family party
basically oh no you gotta have your
birthday party this this cause this
caused quite the dilemma today let me
just say well it's hard to have a
birthday on a weekday and still have
family here so we wanted to have a party
this weekend and as a kid you know
sometimes you'd have your birthday party
with your friends and family on the
weekend and then you'd have a little
special dinner the night of your
birthday so that's kind of like what's
going on yeah so what are those 10 those
are for the cupcakes
hey you me you only turn you only turn
one once to monumental birthdays
first of all turning zero is probably
the biggest when you're born Wow so for
me like normal aspect of life you have
your first birthday
give your 16th birthday yeah and then oh
and then 18 and then like 25 and then 21
21 yeah I guess one 16 18 21 what is it
I remember like was it 26 because then
you because then you can't be on your
parents health insurance anymore if you
wanted 40 is a pretty big 40 and 50 all
the 30 30 40 50 those are all pretty big
so basically we're doing right now is
just getting ready can the cupcake stuff
ready gonna get the presents wrap
tonight maybe yeah maybe maybe balloons
should be good
I cannot believe cannot believe that
Penelope is ready
CJ is the one lucky girl she's getting
to parties and to cakes to cakes which
is amazing cuz we're celebrating
tomorrow with family and then Wednesday
with friends yeah
and so we're doing a pink cake and up in
clinic if any kids
can we talk funfetti cake so I found a
smaller tin this time in my cupboard
that I didn't see for Noah I think we
got it
and then like we're like wait why don't
we use it and then so it's perfect
there's new tools with her cakes and you
saw the nose but maybe shocked she eat
her cake double-decker though missing me
too
here is the moment from Noah's first
birthday little chunk it's crazy he
hated his cake I thought he would love
it not sure yet about Penelope you does
she like I see she was she like so I
said so you will actually eat it yeah it
can it's true like she loves sugar it's
true no it is really we haven't really
given Penelope except for like a juice
and then she I guess you had a little
ice cream and then she it's like really
excited and happy
ah perfect just that that's all we need
instead is your pink cape and there are
some pink cupcakes for the party
tomorrow we're doing chick-fil-a
catering which is what we did for Jenn's
baby shower just like a huge nugget tray
and and fruit wow that's true it is
fitting because that's what we had for
the baby shower for her and then I think
okay got the streamers and balloons and
little Garland's it's hard to see cuz
the streamers are light pink then we
have the little sign princess and wish I
thought I had got be happy birthday one
I didn't that's okay
I love it cuz I feel like we're in like
a little tent like a little castle tent
looks so pretty I love all the pink oh
my gosh I left the pink and then we're
gonna hang these little cupcake toppers
we're just gonna hang them with string
from the chandelier I think that would
be cute then we have a tablecloth some
necklaces for the babes
now I'm gonna wrap some presents oh and
the cute little wands I forgot got these
for all the kids
and here's PJ's little princess bloom on
her high chair Sam's contribution
although he did youdid do you put some
of those Hayley okay these things were
up pane to fluff pane cakes are almost
done we got some pink cupcakes some pink
cake and now we have some fun fight
cupcakes cooking and they'll do one
funfetti of this well I feel like this
is enough to smash but whatever she's
one she's one that's been heavy she's
won her first what they went like I have
smashed him for him like this is hands
well good it's not crazy now he's
turning three and she's turning one ah
this is my favorite right here it's so
cute
well Guys looks really good baby I think
we'll give her a couple of presents
tomorrow but save most of the ones from
like my parents and are just like she'll
just get notice tomorrow anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed today's blog and have
to have like a year montage oh my
goodness on Tuesday I think we should
post a video dedicated to PJ and now we
made one for know before it was born
didn't happen when AJ was before PJ was
born and so I was thinking that we would
do one after she was a year old or
leading up to here birthday I thought oh
baby make it a little bit a so we'll do
a dear PJ do another video all right
guys
OC has a mom oh yeah
