Penelope there's another baby coming
today there's another baby do you know
if the baby's name is Riker who's Riker
no is he your cousin is he man Haley's
baby for the whole weekend
I'm really excited celebrate this girl
yeah yep I got there waiting
Noah's room clean the bathroom clean
past couple days Wow Wow felt like this
whole week except for yesterday during
the shoot it's been raining seriously
every single day making the grass scream
that we don't get a lot of rain here and
so when it comes like in the springtime
it's pretty good
we're just another what's that best
friend look who's here
play with me okay oh my gosh he looks
just like Penelope and I read it it's
crazy lady they keep trying to like
Penelope was trying to hug him earlier
and was like tackling him and now he's
trying to crawl on her and it's just
yeah hi you glutton look at these most
beautiful restaurants I've ever seen you
got the best wrist roll and the chunky
hey hi hey hi you silly you gonna build
a tower record hey where you going I
keep trying to show your face and you
keep turning away where I should so
funny looking Penelope in the camera I
just think he looks so much like her you
guys look alike some facial expressions
I'm like oh my gosh I've seen those mat
in pictures make those same faces and
then he looks like you yeah I can see
that
he is so cute can't handle it I just
love it they're gonna be in the same
grade growing up these little baby
besties hey what's he doing pal gay will
probably have a foot of height on him
though she's so tall I always forget
honestly I forget how tall she is until
she's with other babies her age well
breakers a few months younger but she's
just like she's so gentle says gentle
and cross-bedding crawlies tinker
there's nothing like uncle's anime baby
no that's a compliment I know it's super
cool Kirby's perfect he's a Gerber baby
because the baby is mother's I'm gonna
get a really cute picture of you guys my
cousin huh you guys gonna be like best
friends you're so close to needs it
doesn't there we go
how are you doing
this might get confusing cuz I'm
actually gonna make this vlog that
you're watching right now a day and a
half so we're gonna go into like noonish
tomorrow and then the next vlog will be
tomorrow night to the birthday party I
don't know but like we didn't talk a lot
today we were cleaning up I was editing
getting some work done I had to submit
some clips for the shoot that we did the
other day so kind of uh I don't feel
like we recorded enough today did me
this vibe might be a little weird
moments late L know do you know what
this dog's name is what's her name
patty yeah no it's Lady House close did
you know dad had a dog like this it's
not long-haired but we had duck since we
had Doug's that were just like this wait
to guess what their names were Barney
and Chloe Chloe Chloe yeah don't you
have a friend named Chloe yeah yeah
better better right here let's give you
a kiss
a wild raker on the loose
what will he go after next
hey Ryker how you doing
let's have an interview hi hi mess up
the center part oh yeah oh oh how did
that from Alyssa fire I did mess up your
center part too
are you happy everyone's here
do you love with new families here yeah
Jen we're trying to watch a movie
how are you doing today hi a wild
Matthew doing my dishes bless you child
that's you you could have just stuck
everything in here though yeah yes
Matthew but I do have a dishwasher I
know but there's really that much stuff
that's why you stick it in there and
into the dishwasher you put your pasta
there too you put everything well I'll
grab another DEATH anyway what
everyone's doing we're hanging out last
night watched I showed I made them watch
things like five times
oh he loved things he was cried you want
cry well it was better but yes I was
tried I do love that movie I never get
sick of it I've watched it at least ten
times like a nine inch okay maybe more
than ten times bit start my choice
anyway this is what we're doing were
just hanging out right now and then
later tomorrow tomorrow we're gonna get
lots of hurry supplies
