ah good morning sweet world I'm up early
enough to see the Sun rise over the
valley little area there reminds me of
being in school that was every single
day in school look at I little helper
guy he on his own gloves today in his
own shovel she has been trying to play
with the water table but I just dumped
it we're gonna pull that out Noah we
gotta get this whole back yard cleaned
up we see cute little gardening gloves
who picked him out he wants me alone hey
you can't stop watching dad mom the
daddy oh yeah there you go good hey Dad
yeah don't turn the middle
well
she loves it
funny
we're adults now
jen is very jen is very excited
next morning today is hour or so shoot
got some help Davis Harley this is their
first time having a crew come to our
house it's crazy because I my sisters
have like a bunch at her house for in
various things my parents about a film
crew at their house today like it the
first two just like spinning so we'll
see how it goes excited Ashley Nell away
how'd it go hi this is like where things
like this i usually like on the fly
which isn't always the best but I'm
getting ideas as we go that I think will
incorporate and make it really fun we've
been shooting so far done some a bunch
of shots it just seems I can't like
include too much because to be
suppressed for you guys we've try to
make it have like a little bit of our
flair to it maybe
dancing the kids were in it they're
really cute nose like so excited he was
like really good osas shots like in this
position did it down to visit we're
actually setting up oh no we're setting
up a scene right now the intro there's a
lot that goes into this is the perfect
looks good yeah I need some of these
times even wearing a mic for you can't
even tell where this I'm Mike Todd's
like the NFL that's a rat Jen you did it
I'm proud of her she was very like
nervous I think she did a really good
job I wasn't see I definitely like if we
do this again it would probably be even
better but it's kind of a fun for
something a lot more people than I
thought me two people and it was like 38
45 look at it look at it chemo that's
fun behind great work oh hello so
damaging it oh hey cuz everywhere we go
Hey Jude arcade well the phone part
jumping ah tired now this awesome it's
like all the adrenaline visible well Joe
is hyped gone doesn't height no I just
hope it turned out well I think it's not
it's so nervous neither to the side we
just went and got some sushi to
celebrate the great day
Wow soy sauce now i remember i never
liked that i am very very much
consulting how was that buddy like sushi
ko said like four rows already guacamole
oh no that's you turn a trick day hun
he's not gonna fall for that okay good
there's one big walkable reading little
trickster ginger adds a really
interesting taste Confucian and never
tried before it like I don't really do a
gender thing maybe I should maybe I
should leave in the comment leave me
actually you do you use ginger soy sauce
like how do you care about your palate
like what do you get a jury dan give any
input on that why do you play yeah you
don't do the ginger where you do know
what you saw please oh wait a minute oh
yeah my dad and I look like I could eat
a bowl of rice in today's like but is
that that looks like cleanse the palate
is remote super occupations before your
anyway
it's like a zanessa hear another word
I'll try that one that's like her ah
especially Jen was putting Penelope down
for nap so I brought her back some but
Noah did you like having in front here
today that fun you did really well man
we weren't even actually planning on
having any of the kids in the shots
really originally like when we drew it
up they were it was just gonna be Jen
mainly we inserted me today kind of like
last minute then we got some shots of
the kids feel that I thought that would
be that kind of fun and add some stuff
to it but I'm really excited for you
guys to see it and know its grave like a
bunch of a house with this ortho the
pest control spring as for the rest it's
crazy to work with companies that are
solving a real-life issue that we were
working with you know so you're nervous
to see it too I'm done there's nothing
I'll be good the whole crew is really
nice the people from working out here
really cool too so I'm sorry guys to see
the video it's like it's really big pres
it's fun it's exciting Thanks it
definitely makes the skin we're not seem
so intimidating anymore though after
having that huge one in my face thank
you like like holding this out in public
how about big deal anymore oh that's
right here I'm afraid it was a fun day
maybe you should push her from behind
nice soft pushes there you go buddy oh
she's smiling
hey we'll hold on hold on hold on no I
trying to call your toes oh don't get
jacked in the face oh oh oh did you get
to your legs in
you guys freaking her out a little bit
maybe a label together this
