good morning my house is so clean this
is how you get work done give me likes
cannot let me so cleaning cluttered down
here for the most part yeah we breeding
breakfast although I've gotta go grocery
shopping major okay Sam bookshop for me
which I was not looking forward to doing
so I'm glad he did that and then we
cleaned that we only have like fuels in
like this box is full of packages for my
friends that I move set off today this
room I need to wipe down this couch and
get like the dirt out from under there
cuz I was sitting down look down on the
couch I was like oh dang there's a lot
of crumbs under that but in here like
this whole counter area is usually
covered with stuff and it's clean yeah
no there's a little chest of toast right
now he's on his third piece feeling more
nervous about tomorrow because I wanted
Sam to be the one that was like because
those things make me nervous I mean I'm
just gonna be like the pits I'd like to
talk it's all good hey you got some
rockin Harris's oh hey can you even say
wow you had a good key okay you had a
good lead this country knows baby it's
candy knows baby good morning good
morning it snowed under her eyes look so
blue right now what what
why are you so cute look at this hair
it's a mess it is a knotted mess I've
added Bisons
leaving conditioner spray how do you
know what it is
look fake guys we facetimed with my dad
the other day and he's a dentist and he
has little stickers and prizes and books
and coloring books and things for the
kids there Noah was really excited
because I think he sent you one should
we open it and Penelope you too
she's like where did you set though this
says it's exact um see right here I'm
going for Penelope - one is for master
Noah
great Anderson Jedi Master this one this
one's for an LP this one's for you it's
is Miss Penelope Jameson has a smiley
face oh she got something it's a letter
did you get what what are those
what kind of stickers racecars what else
did he get you what is that about
brushing your teeth it's called the
healthy tooth looks like a coloring book
what you get are you reading your letter
you want me to read it to you it says
dear Penelope please enjoy this coloring
book and stickers love Papa you know
thanks dad little coloring book and
stickers go a long way here
look at the stickers Penelope Disney
Princess stickers there you go baby
got stand up straight
very nice my men very very nice who is
that who is that yeah that dude it's
conference guys you guys members
conference cash six months ago like it's
for the kids to listen to conference and
then every time they hear certain words
they can mark it and then get five it
was at five cents for every time they
hear it oh yeah that's a good way to
good way to pay attention Oh Mike in
this case look at this this fog is
basically on at our house every single
day cuz nose obsessed him for nobody
just walked over and she's like ah I was
watching a video of Noah at the beach
when he turned one and as little f3 is
one and I could not believe how chubby
that kid was he was so chunky so chunky
ash Beck
Oh smooth chewing in the hot tub mood
chillin and a flashback and Penelope no
you so skinny like tall skinny barely
any tongue sometimes you know she gets
little belly after a nice little meal
but it's so interesting to see how
different their their book very tall but
she's just skinny and now Noah has
super-thin doubt yeah he'll means his
cheeks left hopefully have those for a
while but it's just crazy it makes me
wonder what a third would be like a
mother to ago though we talked about
whether Penelope would be walking by her
first birthday and I see no signs of it
show like try and be a while but has no
interest and she just gets mad at that's
when we tried to encourage her to walk
so I don't know she likes being babied
that's for sure I know she just wants to
wash the dishes
that's one thing that both kids are very
similar in they both want to be a part
of everything and you do it they just
like I could do this I could do this
look at me look at me I can do this
moments later look who's wearing a bib
again Cookie Monster hey Cookie Monster
hey Cookie Monster the moment ladle
hello up here I'm gonna clean all day
it's a dino nugget dinner
hey Cookie Monster I feel like no was
the only taller I've ever met do not
like ketchup I thought he liked ketchup
doesn't my good job you said yesterday
you like ketchup mm-hmm do you like
ketchup now would you like eat it so
funny aside from my office the rest of
the house is really cleaner now it's
like as if we're moving out
so we are moving as Jen mentioned
tomorrow's big day we have a film crew
coming to our house to film a little
video and Jen's the main focus of it
she's nervous guys send her tweets
comment she's gonna do great she's gonna
do awesome I know she can do it and I'll
be in it like with and various parts
were there I think that's pretty
exciting though it's the first thing
that's that first time we've had like a
crew I don't even know how big the crew
is it could be one person it could be
two people it can be three people I
don't know that's the first thing first
time we've had that happen at our house
that's pretty cool I don't think I'm
gonna post a vlog tomorrow just because
it will be pretty busy I feel like I'm
gonna have to juggle a lot of different
things tomorrow maybe we'll go live at
some point tomorrow but you guys will
see that and then the next day family
coming for the birthday I need to go to
my grandpa's grave I have a baseball
pennant a World Series pennant and I
need to put there and I want to go I'll
probably go and do that Friday Saturday
is the birthday party I'm really excited
I'm really excited how about try and
capture some cool shots tomorrow with
our other camera a lot of people were
commenting about how iTunes watching
done I'm sorry I just have like all
these different copyright marks like
because I play music during it and I
just didn't want to have that video live
so I'm gonna make a promise to you guys
right now that our next live stream will
be during the day our time and not at
night that way a different group of
people will be able to be there for it
I just got a text from a number that is
not in my phone have you tried the four
new flavors of Mountain Dew yet oh it's
met it throny yes it cuz I actually I
found this at the store crafted tropical
citrus it almost tastes like a diet
drink I shouldn't drink as many of these
just because there's so much sugar and I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog it
was a dino Nuggets kind of day and we're
feeling good okay for tomorrow we'll see
you tomorrow peace
hey technically the vlog will be live
tomorrow though we'll see you will see
you will see you
