surprise what you see is that airplane
run go bye-bye show me where's airplane
yeah
just then he's already running she's
ready like grandpa staring at you he
gets at the same double chin oh that's
so Jen and you predicted everything yet
you were gonna say and how you were
gonna do it we made it one crab pot and
this is the toy she's choosing to
playing
say cheese hey she poses
she poses for you are you a baby good
morning good afternoon good evening
sweet world
oh yeah
did you catch it
look who made it look who's in town the
UH
de Haan Jiang the girls are out
celebrating Bella's 90th birthday party
today we have we've had a pretty relaxed
day try and think what we did oh I lost
- I lost the game of a horse to a
ten-year-old a fella shouldn't admit
that and now we're just launching off
these fire are these helicopter things
that we got at the store the other day
got these little helicopters that you
fold over then you launch them up with
the rubber bands Oh Noah has been in
heaven today though hey who's visiting
us you've been so excited that he's been
here huh he has been chatting all day
what do we doing now baby let's go
Pizza hey Luke say hi Noah
hi Jane hi Jane my my dream we broke oh
nice one papa uh completely smashed
we good night courtesy of the young chef
himself the man with the apron Gordon
Ramsay prodigy we're here what it would
tell me about so basically shout out to
Chino grills I'm basically like at rout
truck Friday I was introduced to these
guys in Gilbert
last time I was here and I went crazy
honestly I've had a lot of locomotives
in my life these are by far the best
ones okay you got that loco moco yep you
got that pork belly the salt crusted
pork belly of course you got the egg you
got the rice and we got the extra gravy
on the side yeah actually uh that smells
because he's the hook up he gave us a
shrimp egg roll only shrimp he said
vegetables are lame so we're only going
shrimp so alas I won't for Sam nachos RG
Thailand yeah it was a good yes now
we're just ready to feast
the next morning good morning did you
sleep well last night yeah we saw that
grandpa they didn't hear that yeah they
probably did bad weed formality it Sam
me bleeped me out I'm real pop on Emma's
house yeah yeah it's actually chilling
here look at my dad's wearing a Down
coat a little extreme but you know
although it's only 60 out
around the corner from my dad's place
sleep very much last night luckily I
took a nap on the couch nothing like
having to buy $10 guacamole in the
morning because your daughter bites it
open with her teeth someone likes
blocking bowling huh so now we're
bringing nine dollars with a guacamole I
was gonna tell you all something that
frustrated me but Jen that wouldn't let
me and that's just dealing you talking
to you guys she's over there
problem is I've forgotten what
frustrates me and I have some
biggis hey whether you eaten ma'am on
Papa took her out when mommy got a
little nap and she also stood out an
entire fruit pouch all over herself
that's okay we'll clean it did you go to
the park and play yeah yeah add your fun
I got to take a little rest because I
did not sleep very well last night
because Noah's sick again not good
although focusing um Sam is a superhero
dad and rocked it all by himself last
night well Noah was sick and it's just
been a little bit of craziness but dejan
just arrived gosh we're always supposed
to have guests when people are sick my
kids are sick people are supposed to be
coming to our house
Kenan Brandon Dejan except for we didn't
know we did not anticipate no getting
sick again because he was fine for two
full days so we thought it was just that
24-hour thing but sick again yeah I
haven't got even from here even in
California because I worry about her and
pray pray pray for me guys that she does
not get it while we're here or ever get
it but today is actually in two is just
like over here freaking out I don't know
he's freaking out about but we're gonna
get ready and a little bit Peters gonna
have a little nap and then we're gonna
get ready to go to my grandma's birthday
party I have a question No okay okay to
qualify for an Academy Award a film has
to be in theaters for at least two weeks
like have a theatrical
I think oh yeah sorry went wrong mary j
blige
mud bound as a supporting actress and
mud down was released on Netflix
that's like historical if that's correct
I don't know why are you looking about a
Netflix are you who to school yeah but a
Netflix original Netflix original is is
up for an Oscar which is unheard of
maybe that's best picture only I don't
know it those of you in the comments if
you know this I should but I don't let
let Jenna know and I'll read fine funny
dad no will you really start like
reversing are you're just our reversing
please come on dad come on reverse
reverse reverse take that drive drive
drive drive drive
sad come on you're not at all drive
drive he didn't want to drive expecting
it so not fun I would have done it
let me drive runaway DeBellis party 1990
whoo not a day over she doesn't look a
day over dinner sweetie come here
another ones you come say I know is that
home wasn't Sam say hi oh
look very sharp function with this much
of my family in a very very they all
laugh back same they all sound the same
know why I'm so crazy it's because of
do a little birthday dance fella
look fellas dancing into her 90th year
of life it's very very loud I didn't
know the film too much but it is so loud
he tastes so hot my Italian family is so
loud my whole life
my crazy one uncle and very always
happens a family
I'm the prettier one Jordan and
Brittany's brother
it's always scraping with family because
then you have babysitter's everywhere
it's so weird being back in this space
felt like we spent so many Christmas
parties here you're beautiful you're
beautiful
Brittany you're beautiful Brittany
anyway we had many a christmas parties
in this very space that's just weird
I've been back in so long
so no so what now Emma got you what's
that
didn't then I'll get you a baby look at
me show me show me
