Oh
are you been licensed yes we eating
today wait right 00 your friends vlogs
what do you have to check in every day
what's so funny do you think family is
your birthday how many more days till
her birthday okay like 90 so dark are
you doing today you gotta check in every
day you at the church yeah yeah you were
going to church you're good today at
Rick's do you know a good texted me but
he still not know this so yeah we don't
want them to you with all other kids get
anything before get new more sick just
got home we had a really good lesson
today about trials and how like you know
some trials really hard and all the boys
were like varying testimony each other
about everything is oh man those guys
are awesome good time you need some
right the sun's out I drove home with
the sunroof open I'm doing good what do
you want to do they hi Oh
I know you love me yeah are you gonna
take a nap today yep yeah our unit
thicken up today yep yep do you think
that's your dad I don't know what I like
it's very rare that ever happens yeah
what's up what else is in there thank
you for making sure edamame no thank you
we care about edamame oh I know I guess
what you're my hero Oh can't take it
anymore okay good night oh my gosh your
mascaras any that's good I'd wipe it but
I work fingers and get some onions over
here well this Indians a ripe one oh
yeah a bird burns the flesh of my
eyeballs come back in you two crazies
like this we're just cooking up our
other blue apron dish looks delicious
it's a seared pork what seared pork was
something fourth at Sears oh oh mama
that's the chef in the house coming back
on my grind for somebody on Top Chef
there's actually like a show it was a
master chef to listen or I bro Ramsey
showed you like emailed us really if we
had like I grew before oh that was it
cool but dang look at my carmelized
onions lose some danger ah weak cwg the
rain will see you got poopy we got a
husband a girl vinegar honey that's
cilantro carmelized onions I just pick
what it's actually not and pepper hope
with the kids like the beans tourism
I'll really like to meet to actually
presentation isn't the best but it
smells delicious and I faces
I play hope i can see your finger kooner
whoa whoo those are really good those
are really good day I scoping the micro
Chef Matthew from pro professional hiya
business you must be out in this video
the pre-roll got that out of the oven
all right what's going on over here hey
it looks like stone edge recalled that
was cold did you name your strawberries
I don't know I'm not really about
playing with food but it doc ad a Donald
Duck who's that hey Daisy what about the
other ones I know he was naming volim
like Disney characters goofy the funny
part two is he's wearing this bid are
you wearing the bid is done it's a
backward are you gonna get your sunday
shirt dirty she never wears bid ever
always take them off but since no is
wearing one right now for the first time
ever she's keeping it on that is amazing
how it feels like an Astra blue apron
but this is just like what we're cooking
today just got the pork I'm gonna cut it
Sunday's you guys know are pretty chill
we haven't done it yet but by the time
you watch us wheee I think we did it
we're going to do a live stream tonight
yeah like Sunday we got a church chill
try to get the kids well rested and
usually cook up hi good meal there's me
such a busy week though I feel like
Monday and Tuesday were just going to
take the completely clean and organize
the house it's like we'll finally be
moved in almost after a year now and I
think we might even hang up some
decorations in a bike we're not a lot of
like nail things in we might use command
strips and it's being funny because
we're shooting this video here on
Wednesday and when it does that we post
every bug is that really your house
because it might look different it looks
like you drew eyeliner wings I'll shoot
but it's actually just crying regret and
really cry like we give me holy i forgot
that is everywhere oh thank you swag
swag how do we tell me nice yeah that's
good I'm trying to focus on here we got
the Easter Bunny over there she's I got
better uh oh he took it off I mean she
might take off yeah well and together is
really amazing this is not a sponsored
video not paid under video guess you
never eat meat guys I'm just proud of my
cooking proud of my cooking i love you i
love you guys as a kid I was like never
an onion person but this reminds me of
the ones i would eat in the Dominican so
good I do you like you like I'm yeah
what do you want oh you need your
parents okay that's a hard that's heart
of that work I'm I was thinking you can
you use your fingers hey Renny with the
old the fortune of a good excuse eh oh
we got a good work now okay I'm ready
yes to side by kumbaya her with that
little hats there's a google Icelandic
me when i uz fuzzy fuzzy can realize
planting baby so cute they love me as i
go it's freezing is freezing out there
we're walking I'm free I'm free
okay no you said you papa papa we just
mix it up brought the live stream
downstairs it was quite the setup down
here I just thought we would mix up the
backdrop it was a really fun live stream
I told everyone that I was only going to
keep it on youtube for a little bit and
then take it down so I'm sorry if it's
not there I think Jen one upstairs she's
already asleep the past couple of
streams you've just been like talking
and stuff which i think is good but I
think the next one will have to do like
a live challenge or a game or something
fun like that super busy week Monday and
Tuesday cleaning prepping I think we're
and decorate a little bit even more
Wednesday we got the big shoot to
premiere vs you guys unless you're nosy
that watched it so send some love and
support I think then Thursday Matt and
Hailey and Riker will be coming to stay
with us this weekend and we'll be
celebrating Penelope's birthday a little
early and then also on our actual
birthday it's gonna be a good week a lot
to look forward to hope you guys had a
great weekend and you'll see as tomorrow
you must say this might be my best batch
of Pancakes yet oh oh no that's still
Ron there will for the rest are all
