good morning hey where are you going hey
Bundy Bundy oh you have snot on your eye
oh my oh my oh wow okay all right like
strange hmm
today's Friday TGIF Jen and I are going
on a double date tonight dinner and a
movie we rarely do that like you're like
twice a year we actually did it a month
ago I think yeah for Valentine's Day
that was a treat and we're doing at the
end tonight Noah what are you up to
today
Oh Dejan just came by yeah yeah do you
hang out with you yeah
where do seafood in the piece gentleman
dynasty that I've been dying I've almost
thought about going by myself a few
times I know I told you go see cuz I'm
so freaking be able to go out on a date
today Penelope what are you up to today
go she's actually happy I've been
complaining a lot that she's been crying
a time but today yesterday she's been so
much happy Chicago just been teething
Anna to the first year the first two
years are so hard for little babies huh
hey Oh yo excuse me hi how are you you
happy today
oh you got the Xbox controller on Noah
wants to watch the Disney vlogs and
broke one is now available digitally so
we watch bits and pieces of that it's
not really like the most appropriate
video movie for Noah he did see that's
PG I didn't say that I just hadn't even
scared of the premium oh sorry oh sorry
I'll bleep it out the last scene though
of rogue one which I don't want to give
away is amazing and we watched that
together and that one's kind of intense
but no I loved it so yeah what's up my
family your birthday soon
what do you want your woman wants to be
on me what do you want your birthday
party to be huh princess theme me pink
streamers everywhere I would have no I
don't meet that great so you feel the
part of it pink and gold I said you want
to be with me
oh hello hello hi MA
I said to Jen when Noah turned one that
this would be like the greatest one year
old birthday party in our immediate
family because Noah was the first
grandchild and so her whole like entire
family drove out and flew out and
celebrated and I'm like Jen that's not
happy with other kids but hailey are
gonna come and my mom was going to come
but she's coming out in May for Sam's
birthday instead because we're plenty of
fun trip just meet for the first time I
try to convince my parents to come out
and now they're probably watching this
room I guarantee my dad's looking at my
mom right now he's saying we should go
out but no you don't have to have a good
time yeah so we're gonna celebrate a
little bit early on the weekend and so
excited we're not gonna do too much I
mean you know with Noah it was easy cuz
it was summertime like you just go to
the pool with her I don't know what
we're gonna do yet I know I'm good guys
pin the crown on the princess or
something really I think but I do think
she's gonna love the cupcake or a cake
or whatever we get rid of smashed what's
going on here she's gonna love that
oh no also I tried to give him her some
almond milk today for the first time
what you do okay
we're up this Saturday my first Saturday
theater let's go you need to kill a dog
Oh
Susy's go to dance miss you know the
government's what you got let's see the
scene
we are going on a date a double date
with Elle I'm Jared ready to go have
some dinner and then go see we didn't
the bees Oh where's Evan wanted to go
save you the Beast since the minute it
came out I've watched all the YouTube
videos without it I've watched
behind-the-scenes videos about it I've
watched a lot about it because I just
I'm so excited to see it and everyone
says they love it
so Kristen Bryce's are over on our
health right now watching Noah PJ is
already asleep I was able to get her
down a little bit early anyway so it
worked out and they don't have to worry
about trying to get her to drink milk or
ever although she did she drink a lot of
the almond milk I gave her today so
that's good and now we're gonna have a
nice little date cuz when she the
temperatures the utility you wanna do
yeah I know
I mean I've loved breasts have been so
grateful that I can breastfeed I've been
able to breastfeed her with no problems
and for so what much longer than Noah
but I'm feeling like it's time for us to
start weaning just a little bit I'm
sorry that's like eats a ton of food
though right I don't think she needs it
for nourishment as much anymore
I know it's still definitely nourishment
to her little growing body so that's why
we've been still doing it but I'm just
starting to lean out just naps and then
which is one do at times so
good stuff we're gonna go eat at a
delicious Mexican restaurant and keeping
the peace are you can you see it yeah I
think I have really high hopes oh I hope
I'm I just played badly but I've heard
Power Rangers it wasn't that good
yeah yeah b2c medium to be centralizing
power right everyone says they cry we
just got out of the movie in it oh my
gosh I loved it I loved it I thought
gosh Stan was like so good yeah it was
awesome
they're really good they're all good it
must have felt so weird for the people
who play the animated like the things
like Lumiere and stuff listen to what
cuz they just thought voiceovers for
them yeah yeah I was like are they gonna
use the actual people that use the voice
from yeah I don't know
and I love Emma Watson's just oh my gosh
like she yeah how do I give another know
the Harry Potter pun not gonna lie
though I just love Emma Watson now what
was your favorite song
my favorite too is the beginning like oh
yeah yeah boy Joe enjoys your love I
always love the guys son son yes no one
fights like Gaston yeah it was great and
of course like Pierre I guess was
awesome as well it was very nice I like
that's my thought I was like on drugs or
something yeah it was very like
psychedelic in a way very colorful is
that kind of ah it was really fun I
loved but back at the costumes
just trying to think like is there no
got animated movie that you would have
liked to see them do next I don't know
well man it's just kind of funny because
if you think about there's so many
Cinderella videos Cinderella movies but
there's no other like live version
princess movies except for Cinderella
yeah like which one would you think see
done the Beast that wasn't an issue well
I know my school my school did it in
high school I'm pretty sure so it's like
a I know it's a show but I didn't
know some of the songs that they sing
but I like it I feel like I could see
them doing like a little mermaid or
something
a be hard like underwater and sister oh
that's true that's true that's true that
would be a hard one so they've done
Alice in Wonderland they have done that
oh that would be cool or broke upon us
I don't know I don't know I mean they
have many options with other princesses
with it Snow White I guess there's some
snow white versus there's no whites out
there so I guess but there's nothing
quite like this that they just made
except for the new Cinderella that they
came out with a few years ago with the
blond like I watched it the other night
like that one was really good that was
really good it's kind of like this but
it was great fun date night hopefully no
one down what sometimes when you go with
your friends you just kind of just like
you have to dinner and then we went
straight to the movie right really
because finally I think everyone finally
like yeah it's a tail and like the fairy
tale oh yeah yeah I generally want some
other water flippers I just want to try
I've never mowed a lawn before we can do
that I got a prepare much yes and do you
ever I have a lesson on something yes a
teach I think
oh we left a large yard anyway great
night
hopefully the kids are hopefully she'll
feel like a nobody know what's good way
