we've been kind of m.i.a the past 36 48
hours on social media Twitter Instagram
YouTube right here every single year at
about this time I usually get a sinus
infection and then a month later it's
like May and my allergies are just
terrible every single year this happens
to me happen to my dad to I think I
talked to him he's like I always get a
sinus infection this time around when I
got sick I rested I went to bed decently
early I was got at least eight hours of
sleep sometimes like 10 hours i felt
like i was eating better I was just
doing you know I was taking medicine I
threw everything to feel better and I
still got a sinus infection and I don't
know if it's because of the dry weather
here that this has happened to me since
I've lived in Utah but it always happens
and I just need to get like 10
humidifiers or something so I got
prescribed an antibiotic and it was
amoxicillin which I knew it was like
Marcus was kind of like penicillin but I
didn't realize it until I had taken it
and yeah this happened someone may have
taken some kind of villains and their
penicillin Sam didn't realize he
memorized one who was taking and he's
allergic both he was what he had
allergic reaction when he was a baby so
maybe you'll be fine or maybe Obregon
hive I think I'm like not
life-threatening no no I think your
throat will be closing up I think if you
have a rat I have a reaction is going to
be skin tomorrow I don't know but he
took two well I did about my whole not
as well
is a little funny cut Nelson so shocking
like out was over now this is a little
buddy I will find a confection insane
hopefully nothing bad nothing he should
be fine it was like coming up my brain
mental right now yeah it's all mental
babe no you think she's gonna die oh my
god the first like hour after it
happened that I was like freaking out I
was like oh my gosh am I gonna die
because my whole life people told me not
to take penicillin because I was a baby
I had a reaction and I didn't know what
can I reaction it was so like on the
phone with my parents my clothes just
like a skin reaction but I was just
monitoring monitoring myself like I when
I ran up to the oestrogen I was like you
might need to call like an ambulance or
like when he gets a benadryl or
something and my field hospital oh I was
like freaking out at first but it turned
out that I didn't have like any reaction
at all I think mentally I felt like I
was trying to get itchy but there was
nothing I took a benadryl and then I
just like passed out I didn't realize
how drowsy that makes you too so I was
kind of m.i.a I was like at the pharmacy
counter like I'm not like freaking out
to the people but like I was like guys
what okay am i okay and all the ladies
that work you've never liked helping me
out oh so it was funny so the best I
filled out the survey on the receipt
give them all nine exceptional work good
morning we're still in pjs over here no
it's still very up and down this is
sickness guys I'm sorry I keep talking
about it but rolling my family right now
so I follow an interim account called
toddler activity toddler something and
she always pressing stuff instead of her
toddler like I'm activities and whatnot
it is super often healthy happen is oh
so solemn or she added food coloring and
cups of water and then they little boy
was like squeezing it out with a turkey
baster and putting it into
like an ice tray you look nice trade
about how one of those i'm using a like
a cupcake tin nowadays with social media
hold on it's really awesome because you
get a lot of ideas from other moms which
is really cool this is also more
pressure in a way to like make sure your
kid is always doing something productive
and not like just watching TV or not
just you know whatever like I don't know
I feel like social media is good and bad
in that way is not like I feel like I
don't know if I'm just I'm just being
for myself on or other moms feel this
way but I feel like okay she's not doing
this stuff the mesh cause we do not sell
and my chip doesn't ring books and I
should set up activities for him I want
to do blue baby anyway we must just me
but my friends when it's time to do our
tubular kid every single day oh my god
geez you are awesome props to you I'm
not that I have not went at I try mike
is more so just like being outside but
he does live activity so I don't know
I'm scrambling anyway i just feel like i
tend to compare sometimes like oh i
should be doing that with my kids and I
mean long story short I saw her in serum
count she does great act all their
activities that's where I've gotten most
of my ideas from we're going to fuse
Noah can suck up the water with the
turkey baster and put it in the cupcake
tin let's see let me do it okay so put
it in there careful okay don't fall now
squeeze it now let go okay no
we's it out good job oh this is gonna be
messy what try green now okay put it in
squish it now suck it let go good now
put it in an over here good look kind of
fine that's fine okay not right now
anyway this is probably way easier with
a smaller turkey baster and an ice tray
but hey still fun right is it still fun
good job working on those and motor
skills moved another row good job 91
green it's always fun to play with
colored water put it in mix on yeah good
put a little more in I don't feel like I
got my thoughts out correctly my last
clip all I'm saying is that social it is
great because you can get ideas from
other moms I also tend to compare my
mothering to other mutterings other
mothers like I don't do enough with my
kid yeah yeah you know what I mean you
guys know what I mean you moms out there
and dads out there know what I mean I've
been trying to not do that lately and
just like do what's best for my family
put it put another once you're gonna
overfill that one you should make some
of the colors and just kind of do what I
think I should do with my kids yesterday
I think I went on and Sam like twice
maybe maybe once more than that which is
good because it was like I go on way too
often when especially been sick with
Justin kinda laying around and hanging
out I haven't even been cleaning or
anything
I finally cleaned up today in vacuum and
go to house downstairs and organized I'm
working on my bedroom from my bedroom is
Emma we're trying to get in there so
yeah new moms and dads out there you do
you I mean I could just be speaking for
myself but I compare myself to other
moms maybe no one else does that but I'm
feeling other people do do that Wow what
we made purple kind of funnel don't wear
right in there blue and red make purple
did you know that try again pink yeah
you didn't make some pink there too huh
greddy you so I got to spin out cuz it
was making way too big a mess over here
so this is much better but now you can
we go hog wild ah graduation day okay so
we just got out of his second
chiropractor appointment and it was
great I noticed actually yesterday that
he didn't seem to be limping as much and
then we went in there today who
something you've been running a little
bit you know cuz he still runs around
quite a bit even though she said that
he's probably like lay low but he did
great he had lots of little pops and she
said that it's just his whole pelvis
area is tight because the right side
started compensating for his left side
which was like a side that was is kind
of injured i guess i would say so um
he's rolled tight off of the pelvis area
but other than that he he stretched him
out and adjusted him and he looks a lot
better she also likes feeling better I
was seen in the comments at a lot of
different flus and sicknesses can affect
joints and stuff so I'm kind of hoping
that's just what it was I
a really bad flu once and it affected my
whole back I got sharp pains in my spine
so glad oh yeah what wanna go get lunch
no okay well he's not too good at a pain
to take no I'm hoping that's all it was
I asked her if she thought it was
serious methods like x-rays or anything
if she said no she said that she didn't
think he needed x-rays as right now
because we have seen improvement since
even just two days ago so it's good i'm
hoping the more he he gets better
sickness wise the more his joints and
everything are healing he's just really
tight in his pelvis he was saying so
it's good news huh good news we really
liked her she was so awesome she's
really great it's all you haters out
there saying that chiropractors aren't
doctors go look up all the schooling
that Carr brothers have to do all the
licenses they do get and and all of that
jazz they are doctors and their great
doctors in my book delivery so yeah I
lame up I lay on South Broadway members
here she comes here she comes what did
you tell me did we do with dad haha
one good she said there's improvement
yeah just tightness yeah I made him run
in walk around all day and I thought he
looked better uh-huh so he is looking
better she still doesn't want him to
jump around he's like that means more
screen time or book just that would be
just because you mean it's been I mean
his sickness has had him sit a lot this
week so that's kind of good in a way but
I we just can't have jumping off of
things so you should stop making him
come off of things oh i just woke up
from my nap be and i got a cute high
pony hi PJ PJ I've decided that she and
Noah looks the most
related when they make the same facials
they make the same facial expressions a
lot okay David left his ring pulled out
to him tomorrow my brother just over for
a little bit hanging out oh hi I
typically rest I'm actually gonna leave
here in about an hour ish to head down
to head down to ogden to have dinner
with some my girlfriend like we do every
month or so um actually really fun I
want to take the page with me take this
one with me that's what we're getting it
ready to do have you had a good day
you're early yeah I'm gonna have dinner
with some friends yeah you're gonna stay
with Jenny oh yeah I should probably go
put like some makeup on since i haven't
the entire two-week set with the No Oh
what hey I don't remember in front of
their home I don't know why you want to
like keep scaring himself with that
malema look at this baby to steal that
last sip of juice oh well I'm not guilty
mom I'm innocent oh gosh gonna just hang
it over that blonde hair white hair yeah
she's looking more and more like Sam as
the days go my hair hello she looks so
much like me oh you keep into the foot
yeah he did kick him with his foot huh
he's so cool you so cool no you didn't
even want to meet him you could have met
Darth Maul I don't know when we're going
back to Disney World sorry buddy hey
Julie film it Chewie hey
ah is that how you saw judge me the
titles are hoping our Tecna season
ending on your base hahaha with my frame
some friends has been free ice cream you
just had my most I think she's ever had
and you feeling good cuz i cant me get
it off of me you're not sitting in this
height hair like it's a horse quick
weight hit the one
I'm so happy that sassy these places
device so we're happy to see some
improvement from Noah if things continue
to get worse or like stay the same we'll
definitely get them checked out some
people recommend it even like an MRI
which i think is a little excessive
right now we're not going to eliminate
anything you know if first any reason he
shows any signs of not improving anymore
we will get them like x-rated and if
that doesn't show anything we'll go to
the next step it's just like it's hard
to just like jump into that we're
definitely taking everyone's opinions
into account obviously we want to do
what's best for him so it's rather
convenient that my dad and Jenna cause
dad studied medicine took a ton ton of
schooling and also my brother-in-law
like we have three family professionals
that we can call upon this was kind of
like the route we went in this case but
we'll definitely keep our own and make
sure that everything's okay so we really
appreciate your guys feedback we
appreciate your support and thank you
for watching today's vlog tomorrow we're
going to go see Beauty and the Beast I
think we're going on a little date night
with Ellie and Jared we're going to go
to dinner and stuff and that'll be good
and Jen just plant a little trip for my
birthday it's just going to be in her
and there will be our first time away
from the kids in like three years since
mel was born we haven't had I don't
think he's had an overnight so it'll be
like really fun and good for us that's
going to be crazy and we got like a
special deal in this little place so
it's gonna be good we'll see you guys
tomorrow love you feeling better
