okay we're in the car at a stoplight
don't worry and we are on our way to the
chiropractor's office this morning Ellie
I got person she went to with Calvin he
was a baby that lady's number whatever
so because I knew she had seen a child
before so we're going there hopefully
she can give us some answers about this
little guy hopefully his legs are okay
last night you finally gets worse as the
day goes we finally said I had some
discomfort in his hip I'm hoping he just
needs to be adjusted or something when I
stop light um no I wasn't too keen on
the idea of coming this morning but
without the door we're here ready to get
looked at I have some videos on my phone
to show her um but hopefully if you can
just tell I don't know hopefully he'll
walk for her and not be in a little not
be cooperative I can be cooperative nope
hey are we okay wow this chiropractor's
office has a playroom with ya ah mm-hmm
you silly and I got super nice coming
here Buffalo's will fear my first rope
here almost here and I got locked trying
to find here nas order here can we write
back what can't don't touch your back
okay oh they're going to touch your back
gonna check your leg okay i can write
dan / going to check your legs cake
because i think you have something
maui's in there I'm not sure yet okay
but it won't hurt your brave huh what's
in your mind work you can do but you can
do it get it you didn't hire you to
crack a little bit they're like this
crack no nope
I'm our nigga hey what did you say you
had a check-up like who like dr. Stefan
yeah yeah you got your own water huh go
ahead okay yeah hmm how I do not like a
one yeah we have who you like hey did
she give you a little massage yeah she
pop you yeah yeah yeah yeah she did pop
getting it back huh in your little hip
okay we just got done with the
chiropractor and she was super awesome
and super nice i've never been to
another chiropractor so it kind of felt
weird like it was weird cuz I've all
ever seen my dad of course you know
because my dad and I grew up with him
whatever you know oh no it was just so
strange like taking him to someone else
that wasn't my dad but she was super
great and super awesome with him and she
definitely said something is off with
his hip something but I can't remem the
words to use i'm going to call and talk
to my dad but she wants to see him again
to give her she kind of did like a
little bit like physical therapy i
should have things on his hip and the
Justice him and his hips and stuff so
hopefully it helps a little bit him
still walking with a limp um we have no
idea how this even happened but um
something's not quite right in his hips
and she said that could be the cause why
he we can't kick like the sicknesses and
why he like got something so fast again
which is like when your body's like out
of the line that it's just throws
everything out a lot kind of so we take
him home I talked to my dad to and see
what he has to say because I think she
could have cleaned his sacrum I don't
know I'm gonna use the wrong words but
there's not really name for what's
coming for system he's just is like
something happened to his hip and so
we're gonna work on it and hopefully it
gets better and that he chose better
that he starts walking normal here
pretty soon I scheduled to see her two
more times this would seem again on
Thursday and then on Monday my hoping
it's like it hadn't made me worried like
okay he won't seem posting again like
obviously not and something's up with
his leg like it's not good it's not a
good thing we get to see someone so soon
you know what I mean but it's good she's
so great and so kind and he was really
comfortable with her so go back and
hopefully appease has in progress this
weekend was like isn't isn't bother me
too much shout out to blue apron for
sponsoring today's video really excited
we love apron and we've worked with them
before today special on boxing wait i
know i am Penelope Emmy hey what are we
got here buddy yeah blue apron she knows
Elvis a box all of the ingredients north
great is I don't think I'm cold to put
up a pain so all the fresh stuff dates
for us that this is parsley just start
please bitch what's that buddy montreux
that looks like blue fresh mozzarella it
feels fresh it's like legit luck bro
in my onion another onion and another
onion do you like onions no us yeah one
sanity um Nick that will soon no fees so
knickknacks in spice pork we got to
family meals in here we have tomatoes
and for free like it looks so nice Brett
shot by get more black being good yes
video game which America up gets I love
milky and we have garlic whoa the bottom
this ice and it put nice cardboard box
covered I so it doesn't spoil the
ingredients we'll just keep it holds the
blueprint awesome products they deliver
I magazine and it's pressed right on
your doorstep you can't waste greens
because it was the exact amount of
everything in the box so which I love
because I tend to get too much of things
and ways to lure not enough so we're not
many opulent I working right ever ever
ever I ever do too much or too low so
that's what's great about boyfriend it's
been all in there the exact amount that
you need warrior family meal or brighter
personal meal with your family size
meals and to pursuing what we did before
that kid
yes we're gonna cook tonight so I went
online and I picked out two meals for us
but I thought we would like well then
we're going to cook tonight is spinach
and mozzarella me okey gentlemen yummy I
do and it's like a family thing for her
family tradition yoki hmm I thought we
would cook this up it has all the
ingredients the next we're gonna use and
then very nice instructions yeah the
recipe was icy for me i need i need
instructions then the other mail that
we're going to make another night is
spiced pork with sweet red onions and
black beans i thought this one would be
your family to execute look black beans
and they're into me too so this is
actually this group this recipe is from
top chef Brooke Williamson well that's
cool and with that recipe there's a
little my guide on how to caramelize
onions oh yeah it was close you can keep
these like do how always have a recipe
we're overcome this one stop tonight so
the first 50 people that click on the
link in the description box today we'll
be able to get three of their meals for
free there's no commitment you can
cancel at any time but you can go and
click on that link get three of the
noodles for free and try it out let's
make this meal you know but honestly I
love cooking but the hardest part for me
is getting all this together so this is
a huge help I'm always bad at picking
out produce I think Jen's a lot better
that's happening me too so this makes it
easier for me when I want to make a
sweet meal and our blue apron meals have
always been our best meals I've ever
without a doubt well maybe my steak the
other night was pretty good i mean that
was that because that was so slippery
close so all of these meals are chef
inspired and they're always changing too
so you can when you go online to pick
them out they always have new ones that
you can choose from and so that's really
neat as well all right no it's got all
the ice thanks buddy thanks should I
now look at that whoo I wish you get his
brother amazing ok you have all the risk
we do once we want them to boxing tell
him L today yeah then we they go look at
that
oh just like a bread how is it delicious
I loved it all of course because I love
food this love the bread Noah he's not
feeling good so we how's the food buddy
circle dr God doctor you going back on
Thursday yeah yeah how was it mine was
good i actually really like the spinach
give it a nice little fresh taste and
then the g melting can't go wrong with
that wow it's good meal well showing
your bread again you like that bread my
yeah i have a GD better than she's
definitely my daughter she likes my
mammy only so much watching the bulls
play to the only of 12 games left and
they're still possible even I like the
playoffs although they've been
absolutely terrible this year there's a
chance on but like it like we said if
you guys want to try this out the first
50 people that click on the link will be
able to get three meals for free as part
of their special little deal there so
check it out tell us what you think and
let me know what mules you guys picked
yeah I think next week oh I have to
remember what it is actually I would
pick next week's meals yet so I'm gonna
go on and do that tonight um hi you
always gin distillery people's wider
sister she's doing anything she runs
this household which basically does
don't let them get cake I'm girl we're
doing a little Orbeez those are so cool
they're so weird don't pinch him yet k
wait for them to grow we all still feel
it guys like this was a nasty flu bugs
that turned into sinus infection Sam
definitely has a sinus infection so
burning at him some new medicine tonight
and I'm still congested it's like still
here like I sound congested but I don't
have to blow my nose so I think it's
just stuck
so hopefully I can take some of us in
tonight too because my head hurts a
little bit anyway she's still limping
quite a bit today at afternoon which she
said he probably would proceed eel but
Thor don't see young to understand what
those words mean like sore and like
anyway he has only had feel any pain
which was good like I said earlier on
the doctor felt like he should be like
thought he would be experiencing more
pain than he is so I don't know we're
gonna do treatments in that I'm all want
to be actors now but said talk to the
chiropractor and my dad and my dad said
that uh to wait two weeks until after
those treatments to see then if you
still one thing that's make sense wait
until the Truman's over and see how he
does with them and then go from there
but kind of it makes me insane nervous
only because this is something that
could affect the rest of his life really
you know I mean like if she's having hip
issues I'm grateful one that we're
discovering them now like at the
beginning of the hip issue but we're
also really praying and hoping that it's
just tightness and that it's an easy fix
and that there's no hip dysplasia or
anything like that because that would be
so hopefully he takes well to the
treatment what's wrong sick you want a
spoon of your own to play in the Orbeez
need some tissue to okay it's cream like
your shirt to summarize things we will
be taking notes to physical therapy on
Thursday well the chiropractor on
Thursday and then I think on Monday and
if it continues like Jen said we're
definitely going to get it x-rayed
sometimes when your parent you prepare
for the worst and obviously hope for the
best the past 48 hours doesn't manage
like oh man like this could be a
life-changing thing for him we're really
praying and hoping that it's not that
it's just like you know just he's just
playing and got Bruce or
our spotty just you know recovering from
normal daily things right I think every
parent believes in their child but I
truly believe Noah has a ton of natural
talent natural aptitude to succeed
physically in sports and he just like so
coordinated and I don't want something
to hinder him from that you know like I
want to smoke the best for him and and
whatever he wants to accomplish and
sometimes and sometimes things like this
if it is serious effects your daily life
so we'll definitely keep you guys
updated and let you guys know what's
going on and I appreciate all the I
think some people are like tweeting laps
are posting in the last box comments so
thank you for that we love you guys and
we will see you guys tomorrow
what turn your head
