you don't know power of the dog
yesterday we posted our dream /
realistic draw our house one thing that
I forgot to include in it and my dream
house is danceable yeah for all of us to
dance on that would be awesome like what
was I thinking that was at the top of my
list
that was the top of my list and I forgot
it cuz I know he would love it she would
love it she would love it and I you know
I joining in on the fun
add that to the dream house
hey are you doing all right buddy you
got that one tomorrow we're gonna have
tomorrow right we're taking him to the
chiropractor Jenna notice that he's like
kind of limping and he says he's not in
any pain are you in any pain no does
your body feel right can you jump let's
go meet me out in the chair but do you
feel good yeah I don't know I just
noticed the path that he was just
walking strangely he's not running as
fast - I got it close with him running
today you didn't
I'm gonna get you so I've been a little
concerned about Noah's walking and
running lately it just seems a little
off so I'm doing a video to save looking
so my dad this is on the jungle gym
city's under jungle gym you gonna go
down the slide that's brave that's brave
that's brave Hey his body seems a little
bit off we kind of wish that we were
closer to Jen's dad look but we want to
make sure you know you gotta look up for
kids and make sure everything's right
preventive just be sure because if he
wasn't something was wrong in his
development or like growing started to
get funny like that beyond us you know
so I feel good though he's anyway walks
he kind of just like shuffling yeah I
wanted to show you guys something though
I guess we're all over here I'm kind of
nervous with Noah over here though cuz
he whenever he sees a pair of shoes he
tends to just go and try and tear off
all the tags and everything so good
night in a live stream I talked about
this briefly but I pulled it pretty
pretty much an all-nighter the other
night well ended up getting like four
hours just sleep in actually I stayed up
all night to get some shoes he's 350
adidas boosts you gotta be really
careful because these are nerves okay
yeah you know not touch him so I had I
ended up getting two pairs I stayed up
all night to get two pairs and I sold
them this week when I came back when we
got back to Disney and these shoes right
here these are worth the way too much
money are paying for the Disney trip
completely because each one of these
shoes right EJ wants to see it each one
of these well this is one set I had two
pairs they're selling for like sixteen
seventeen hundred bucks right now
anywhere from thirteen to seventeen
depending on the size I wear a size 13
actually got a size 13 I didn't keep
them Jen yep I wouldn't be able to wear
these I wouldn't be able to keep these
justhe's like how much these are worth
right now is ridiculous I think there
was only 5,000 pairs made and they're
sold in the United States motor that was
maybe one website but like very very
limited and yeah your shoes too so yeah
I've just kept these in pristine
deadstock condition because I just sold
them about to go mail them out eyes are
called the zebra v2 zebra colorway I
actually I'm really not that much of a
fan of them I think the smaller sizes
look nice but I'm not a huge fan of this
colorway to be honest kind of intense
but there's like an app out there it's
basically the stock market for sneakers
and you can like take people's bids and
sell it to them or put your own price
and it's crazy sneakers like you can
make some freaking money selling
sneakers so this paid for a Disney trip
right here this paid for Disney do you
like these shoes look like a zebra
that's a zebra
okay put it in there before we drop it
I'm gonna go drop these off I got the
shipping label all ready to go I just
wanted to show you guys it real quick so
there you guys have it guys this is a
$1600 shoe would you ever pay that much
how much would you pay for a shoe like
how much is the most you would ever pay
for a shoe I'm telling you right now I
would not pay that but someone up there
did you know everyone has their haters
everything every single one of you out
there has someone there probably you
know they don't like you
there was a lady I think it's a lady she
was emailing me like every single day
just like saying things that I was doing
wrong with my life one of them after I
said I got scammed she's like you're
scamming people with their sneakers and
I said uh supply and demand supply and
demand if you have a diamond ring and
it's worth $3,000 you're not gonna give
it to someone for $25 it's supply and
demand they're barely any of these
dinosaur Easy's it supply and demand
people this is not a scam like there's a
there's actually someone that's gonna
authenticate this and then send it to
the person so anyways shout out my ears
we went to Disney World because of a
sneaker this original box that this pair
came with I just added some extra air to
keep it safe
hope you're authenticated nicely look at
that check in like a couple days some of
you guys are probably like well I want
to do that I want to get the sneakers
and sell them it's a lot easier said
than done
I literally stayed up all night and beat
people with BOTS and computers and
paying outrageous amounts of money to
try and get these pairs I just got lucky
with two sometimes you get lucky you she
loves this car I think she likes this
car more than I like this car I hey
you're gonna be one way to my brother
actually
nice and I was telling him how dramatic
Penelope is because uh and he's like oh
and I always just thought she was just
so chill and like angel baby and I said
she is an angel baby but she is the most
dramatic angel baby he will ever meet
you guys I'm not joking
she is so dramatic some days I just like
can't even put her down cuz she just
cries for no reason I mean I don't she's
like teething and not feeling well and
stuff so this past week it's been like
up a notch my knee or like they just
don't the crying but this girl let me
tell you if she doesn't get her way or
if no does one thing to bother her or
anything one does anyone have anything
to bother her this is full meltdown like
full-blown throws herself to the ground
and cries and then even if you give her
what she had wanted she's like no one
anymore and throws it to the side and it
is just hilarious
she definitely has many a many meltdowns
a day this one it's just give me a
little taste of what her teenage years
would be like which I'm all scared well
it scared we're just an emotional bunch
aren't we huh think she gets her fragile
miss from me I'm a pretty emotional
person in a way oh I think it's just
because I didn't have that I didn't deal
with this with Noah like he would fall
and like I'll be like oh shoot like why
aren't you crying you know like he just
never cried really over a lot of things
or over just nothing and so she does she
cries out for everything and I think you
see this face quite a bit some days I'm
just like why won't you stop crying
this is all overwhelming sometimes but
then I'm like well why are you crying
like hey we've been trying to figure out
all the cries huh I know this week she's
cry mostly because she doesn't feel well
but there's some weeks my girlfriend you
you go Kay huh love you
Oh yessiree do you think you'll be ready
for a big boy bike this summer yeah let
you go good job makes me think of that
twenty one pilots all keep going you're
doing so great you're doing so great
good job but you're really doing pedals
now look at him go
what we in tonight hey guys this
paragraph and strawberry nine cents a
pound right now here yes this is a
asparagus Parmesan cheese with a little
bit on there today a little bit of salt
they felt they Iran I didn't get another
sorry we're gonna have cooking with Sam
again and two days yes we are
okay
