good morning sweet world I'm in love the
shape buzzing Baga
yeah we're just going to stop here at
first and here in Logan and see the
Ducks this morning and then today's vlog
will be a lot of us talking about what
we would love to have our dream house
and realistic asks and they're going to
draw it interesting have you thought
about yours yeah of course of course I
thought about that so Betty will have
some a little quick in between mm-hmm
Matt the water everyone's feeling a bit
better but still on the mend one of the
things that we recently did was go and
buy a lawnmower a lot of people are like
well does that mean you're staying in
Utah oh there's no grass in Arizona yada
yada yada I just got to clean up our
yard right now I'm living in the moment
people gotta get presentable because we
got a film crew coming in like a week
and a half and it's got to look good
especially because there might be an
outdoor shot
plus we kind of have grass now and it's
not looking too hot yeah adult life
it
I feel so adult no way I'm filming this
money with a moment so I thought it
would be fun to have a little chitchat
drawing session this is called drama
house draw my dream house drawing our
dream house
there you go that's oh that's called
wreck we're gonna call this log side of
beef honestly both drew like a giant
square you know that typical house and
I'll do half of it and she'll do half
and we'll talk about like what our dream
house contains and what we realistically
think we could get over the next year or
shorter so I mean here okay
draw the layout first I'm gonna do it
really big just because any to your
space like if we want to like write
anything - oh we're doing like a
blueprint style no like it's going to be
so here's look at that steak so this is
my my half of a house is your house
okay this is what like this okay are we
writing is hard out you can drop - okay
okay so let's first day dream house okay
doing this so and my dream house thing
why are you laughing it's just funny
nothing
I like it you guys have dreams you can
go Lavina my dream house - okay this is
the back patio full basketball court hmm
I'm gonna do - oh you do - I'll be
excusing okay have a nice little sport
court now it doesn't have to be full
that's like a nice hoop okay again you
know and it'll have like a nice court
yeah like that let's ring in place so
it's like a really nice hoop court and
then in the backyard
oh you're know that would be I know Dean
Beck you're not like a TV a grill okay
I'm just like like a sitting area you
never like chillin it was like a fire
here when I expect your TV there so you
could watch we watch Survivor out there
we'll grill in flow watch a Cubs game or
something they didn't have the best luck
order here this easily so that's not
even in the house yeah I helped get this
thing that's not even a habilis this is
dream house is like dream loss let's
drink okay let's see come on
okay I want Oh big open floor plan so he
can't can't that be in the written to
normal like realistic house to you we
have a legend okay I want you go in and
you feel like this is like right now I
don't see anything anybody big open
kitchen you know hearing on the cupboard
Big Island these are all white cupboards
I like white here's a little like
breakfast nook Wow I don't know like
nice wood floors everywhere
because like what kind of ways okay but
on the outside what kind of wood though
oh I like dark wood floors dark looks
what yeah like I do like this color word
for that we have in here but uh look for
um nice big pantry over here going there
pantry on it
but uh okay so that's my first one wow
that is a lot of stuff sorry I feel like
oh that's realistic though yeah I want
to know comport honestly my dream house
isn't like is it like above is it crazy
how much like my dream house are like
this that idea right here the
backyard but that's the dream
yes that's the dream right there I agree
I want white ideally I like the white
kitchen like the light already have like
a big couch but I just can't see our
touches like more of a basement idea
already gotten some rugged Terry Rogan
care you know I like to hide would you
say high ceilings open oh you do like
yeah I like a red coming for like yeah
right now our house looking like a real
granite counter don't you go pretty
small I feel we the crazy thing is that
we've already outgrown this house we
just have to declutter a lot you know we
have outcome I know yes you don't think
we have no I definitely move-in coming
Lee no no I definitely think we've
outgrown our house but I definitely
think we need to declutter as well
absolutely but we how come it's like we
already when we moved in here we had a
one-year-old right where was he - he was
only one eternally one yeah he turned to
in that and this like for one year old
and just me and you just felt like
pretty good like a lot of good days yeah
but now that he's running around and
teachers getting big - you know there's
no room for them to play this is it like
we're in that's true we have know this
we've uh we've totally got grown as far
as like playing living right sweeping
into us we have a perfect amount of
sleep right right right
the bedrooms that's awesome the actual
living room on the space so that's our
dream okay no no no no what oh geez man
like a big basement or something - on a
basement yeah I think that's realistic
okay fine I'll continue on my dream I
want I drove past every time I take know
on a drive for the nap I Drive past this
one house I'm like wow I like you house
and it's like I want like it's like a
bluish gray color on the outside there
was some stone over here like on a
window and it was like a gray blue color
all right all right
and I would either love to have like big
loft upstairs that they could have as a
toy room or basement downstairs would be
fun a basement a dream house out of over
3,000 square feet like 3,500 you know
realistically there are houses was like
a nice little loft or a fifth
bedroom or a fourth like a big
convention where then that's like 2,100
square feet you know for me like the
outside of the house like I could care
less what it looks like right if you
look like a dumpling outside but is it
sweet I'm inside and what we need until
it matters I mean I think our house is
cooler in output so here's the door
painted yellow you walk in I want to
have a decently open kitchen area we got
to have room for the table
right there's enough room to cook print
our kitchens like decent maybe a little
bit later the family like living area
could be this size really doesn't matter
too much as much to me I just feel like
there has to be a big enough area where
it okay there's dumpster somewhere
mm-hmm there's a basement with anything
there's like not a lot of houses with
basement if you like in Arizona well
they'll have a lot lots or more or they
have a fourth or fifth bedroom
downstairs in Utah
sometimes houses are built top storey
down yeah main level and then down like
at home we have usually three stories
right right right on man house so the
idea is that has to be a kid player
right like somewhere where they can put
their toys and we can put a little bit
of the clutter sometimes I'll see people
a comment like your house is dirty it's
like well we just don't have a lot of
space to put everything we just like
together and the kids are always
constantly bringing things out so if we
could contain that to a certain area
yeah this area here go on crossbones
okay that's the key area I agree I agree
and I think our that realistically we
should have three bedrooms for sure see
in my raw realistically I want the last
half three the right
we don't have to do our bedroom right
please you're having a bedroom and Noah
which is a huge button I'm right for
sure through you say you want like five
I do I mean I would love to have an
office - I'm saying realistically like
right and most of what's nice built that
most of the houses I've been looking at
Arizona they do have a fourth bedroom
and sometimes they'll have a fourth
bedroom and then they'll be like but
there's also den downstairs or a room
like a smaller room downstairs so like a
lot of places have four bedrooms got for
us
PJ Noah in the office and the office can
serve as a guest room right right we
can't be like oh we have to move into a
house in five bedroom no no I I'm not
that's okay bye-bye that's my dream
house realistically we just need four
but I would love to have like a loft
where the kids could hang out or like a
bedroom a third bedroom downstairs
that's even better like this with their
toys read Ramayana I say four bedroom
for sure kid area and I think at least
yeah 2,000 plus square feet I think this
one right now is like 1,400 and it just
doesn't feel right for how much time we
spend at home we work at home as far as
like taxes and stuff we're able to write
off a part of like our work area so like
it kind of counts as like our office you
know you know things yes we spend a lot
of time at home
especially if we are staying in Utah we
still haven't made like the final
decision if we're going to leave or not
but we're standing tall we definitely
need it I'm more square footage just
because we spend so much time in the
winter in the house for sure you know I
mean and if I had people come visit the
ancestor in New York right now just
rolling her eyes as she's watching us
she's like I live in a tiny apartment
you with it well guess what that was
your decision to buy a house so a job I
don't want to live in a tiny apartment
in New York City
oh but yeah I love music we do like New
York City so that's to me that's means
like a kid area see that okay four
bedrooms nice open for claim like a mess
room for us to eat yeah a place for us
to live and most of the houses that I do
a few houses I realized in Arizona right
now that have all of these things we
want
and that are in our budget so for me if
we move to Arizona
we got the board here got to have either
a pool or live in an area neighborhood
with a pool yeah Arizona it's hot and
therefore in Utah in the house that I
found it I had like a good yard in Utah
I want to live close to a park or part
or something obviously school is
important yeah and yeah yeah um one of
the houses I was looking at an Arizona
in the neighborhood that is in has
access to three different pools so hey I
like that house here's what I do
yeah Arizona Utah Arizona Utah here's
what I really like about Ayers Rock
onlus people hat I'm just writing things
I like this is on the roof sports teams
there's college there's baseball there's
basketball there's football there's
everything I could head football in
Arizona Arizona Cardinals oh that's all
the college teams that's true there's to
me and my opinion more to do there's no
winter ah yeah it is hot so that's like
a positive and negative yeah sneaker cup
nuns can take your con there I think the
people seem nice mm-hmm people seem nice
people are nice and you talk to people
are very nice nikka there's basketball
the soccer school pretty good nice
parking you know their soccer will add
that there's all of our friends every
person we know frontier is in Utah I
think we do have some friends in Arizona
we go this is a friend plus mm-hmm I'm
just writing down any money
Utah feels more like a comfort zone with
me earlier with it we're familiar with
Utah Connections yeah it's definitely
more of a comfort zone thing I really
wanted to Arizona but also like
terrified to move across the state cross
state we were like literally going down
there don't read below us and then we're
going to be moving
like it's scary but I think it'd be
really fun to see maybe why aren't you
moving to lizard with your family she
asked often are we going to live closer
to family well guys it's moved Arizona
we are moving closer to family yeah it's
like driving distance really with my
sister she and New Mexico yeah yeah Sam
sister was New Mexico all I families in
California my family just waking spread
out to like where there's no central
point for my family honestly we probably
see my family more if we live in Arizona
because they could drive looks like come
down from the weekend about David David
he said that he would definitely
consider moving to Arizona with us but
it's not I think he might go down to
Southern Utah with my brother I'm not
really sure she hasn't decided and when
we sell it decided yet what we're doing
either yeah but I this is stop asking
why I'm not leaving California I've
never wanted to raise a family in
California I just knew like I can't
remember unless we like really well I
got a job there if you got a job there
then I'd really have to like be like
okay is this where we need to be and I
need to find the right neighborhoods
because I didn't love all the some of
the neighborhoods I grew up in I didn't
always loved growing up in California I
did it I was it was a blessed place to
grow up in because I was right
analyticator there are a lot of great
places to live in California and it's a
good place you grew up there's a family
that's not a bad place to raise a face
no no I don't think about my family I
just never saw me personally raising my
family caliber on a fee because I always
want to like I just kind of thought I
would be in Utah or somewhere I like our
trip to Northern California couple uses
I did love Northern California I really
looked for the Cowboys so the main
driver like these two places to freely
Arizona California supports Pence's
Arizona and Utah is the cost of living
it's really cheap to live there or used
to that now we like it we feel like the
people are really nice generally schools
seem good like everywhere housing
markets like decent where we feel like
we could buy a good house for our family
the other big thing for me is like I'm
so traveling from Logan right now is the
biggest headache ever
kids just used to therefore it takes
over an hour and a half it's a week
super early sometimes and being in
Phoenix area or Salt Lake area we just
be closer therefore it we've talked
about that a lot
oh I feel like I really have no dress no
I feel like we haven't made any progress
that I really can wear right now yeah
these things I think we both four
bedrooms two dozen plus fe k area
backyard you know we've lived in like
tiny apartments and then I each year we
kind of like go up grow and that's
absolutely it's grown really know what
we want as far as living it just where
it's bad where is that so I think this
summer for sure if we haven't moved
anywhere we'll go on a trip to Arizona
see how hot it really is see if we can
actually handle it mm-hmm but
interesting because I was we were
outside the other day playing I was like
Sam it's already like 9:00 like 90 plus
degrees in Arizona right now he's like
yeah but it's like this like 70s the
rest of the year I was like oh yeah
you're right it'd be like this all year
which would be really nice
I don't know all right leave my dream
house theater room oh yeah that's a good
dream see your room see in like my dream
house I just it's like the thing I could
have would be in a reality type house
but I want like the upgrades like I want
like that wouldn't be in like a house
right now like with the granite white
marble granite countertops and wood
floors I want a clawfoot tub oh I want a
tub that fits my body my very tall body
in my dream house awesome I want a nice
that's what I want I want a very nice
master ensuite bathroom in my dream
house cute dream house but really don't
care about that right now because I
don't care for that right now I just
want a playroom for my kids really and a
nice space downstairs for all of us to
be in we should actually do a pro/con
list though
yeah because we did just pro things
rambled a lot we've talked about a lot
of the same things
yep when your dreams come true well then
with dreams useful harmonized with me so
there you go we're just kind of ramble
rambling talking about things that we
are looking for right now talking now
big decisions I think we're going to
make some big decisions soon but working
hard we appreciate all of your guys
support in the comments with our brand
integrations and deals someone comments
someone comment to do it like I feel
like we're back Jenna Tamara and College
the excitement the energy you guys seem
happier are you happier I am very happy
yeah I think it's been a really hard
year though it's been a very hard year
you know we're almost PJs almost a year
old and I feel like during her life Wow
a lot of struggles a lot of everything's
happening yeah and things that we didn't
anticipate things you never thought
could happen out but she has been the
biggest blessing though a little toothy
grin your personality everything about
her has kept us strong glued together
yes I mean our relationships always been
great yes it has but just like it's just
in the crazier yeah so I'm excited to
die I feel like change is good I feel
like sometimes you gotta like move on
maybe get out of the place where you are
and start onions happier and new and
there are a lot of people still here in
Logan that are awesome there's a lot of
people in Utah that we love Logan was a
big part of our entire journey together
so it'll be weird to like officially
leave again he'll be really it would be
kind of like sad it would be really sad
but really sad because there's people
here that we love yeah yeah yeah we've
also friends we have lots others you
know still here and people that we
really care about so it'll be crazy it
will be crazy by a Wow
just gotta just got keep saving money
search ponder and pray make a good
decision yeah
I would have been like talking about
this decision for months but the big
decision guys and why not we just
capable yeah it's hard to finally like
sometimes you just gotta do it yeah so
I'm gonna start a GoFundMe if you guys
want to famiglia hope you guys enjoyed
today's video
Olivia's see kids are sleeping right now
I'm gonna give this like I get some work
done
see ya tomorrow
