guys we are back we're back from Disney
we're back from Florida this vlog is
kind of a compilation of all the clips
from since we've been home it's actually
good that we were kind of behind because
we all felt so sick and just wanted to
rest and so I was able to catch up on
that footage and now you have this
tomorrow we're going to post the fun
video I had this idea that Joan and I
draw like half and half of what our
ideal dream house and like realistic
houses as we think about moving because
it is something we're still thinking
about anyways enjoy this video sorry
it's been kind of crazy but we're back
back on schedule and it's good to be
home 7 irons you lived in a little pants
tomorrow Thursday look lol thank you you
know thank you I think we know the kids
had it yeah no no I definitely know I
knew we would get sick and I was hoping
you could have her hi Florida which we
did I didn't expect to get hit this hard
me yeah I hope it's good ya know Avenger
like it either in like I know they make
me feel so bad for the baby because she
was so sick it shall be there for you
and so he was definitely feeling sick
and
still driving around the parking fee was
amazing through birth and I feel so bad
because I'm like I all I want to do is
lay there and do nothing right now you
didn't even know realize how terrible I
thought yesterday's going now I knew I
know I knew I turn around I knew how
secure feeling he see birds like two
days straight yeah I'm gonna get the car
wash keyword for two days straight and
aches and chills steps before we're
leaving and then flying home he was like
wanted to just keel over but we made it
home and then I woke up this morning my
entire body hurt it's not the worst when
your head hurts in your entire body hurt
you just came and sleep because you just
hurt so bad that's how i was feeling
ready to compile and off feeling a
little good a little better my head
still hurts free but now we're going to
have our wash your head hurts too yeah
and now we're going to car wash so
literally we have not done much to
compute felt so ill Sam has actually
done a lot today even feeling ill he is
on the mother work done as I said Noah
over 2t a youth house and just drop him
off we freaked out so he had a nap
instead Wow
now I love a car wash for coming 630 in
super light outside and awesome whoa
also today was super nice outside pop
the window back out today was like how
long was it there was like a perfect
fixable okay and it only took screen
felt warmer it was really nice outside
quite a bit after i sat in that and
watch the kids play outside today I'm
ready for summer in warm weather and no
more sickness that's memory for use that
you're sick literally every other month
is not every month there's a meijer
wintertime because you think I guess yep
and I get from him Oh how's that passage
this will dis perfect what about the
package standpoint who's it from where
me know what and for Penelope too are
you excited yeah how dare you make up
show you wait till she wakes it open it
oh oh oh you don't open it now or wants
to see wakes up Oh big man's mouth shut
the mom what's inside what is it what
you get
what is it no more okay do you know what
it is what is it my shirt no it's for
Easter my mom sent these to the kids
this one says Noah from Pottery Barn
Kids that's your Easter basket for
Easter that's what you're going to clash
all the egg thing huh what do you say
buddy what do you think oh my god oh
yeah you two aren't you accept be so
excited if I mean can mean yeah when's
he coming my house really five sighs
awesome that's so you know what says do
you know what that says says Noah with
easter bunny ears what's it what does
this one say candy well poop no it says
it says Penelope can you see Penelope
hack it's so cute wow you're all ready
for the Easter Bunny huh we just dropped
no loss for his first solo now second
solo play date at payout house and he
went no tears and it was awesome I've
been prepping him I prepped him all day
yesterday so I almost took him yesterday
because I just look so fake but he took
a nap instead and so today you want to
hotel as I said well you have to go by
yourself because mom can't take you I
don't feel good and then he was upset
all morning but then after his nap he
said that he would go I'm sorry so we're
very proud of him not even his here not
even a crash there god is good now he's
playing outside his tail and another
little neighborhood boy attendant so
proud of it there's not wandering oh
gosh doctors crossing the street that
could've been some that could've seen
say that service and now we're going to
run a few areas and then bailing on
without shoes did me baby ya gotta pay
for that distant trip and then we need
to go and clean up the house and just
relevant exclu man this was legit was
what we had we got from the baby at the
unmatched mount on tylenol yesterday so
yeah today is a little better just dizzy
I feel like we both feel pretty
lightheaded which is weird my body
doesn't ache anymore my skin my skin
like touching my skin and like the
shower and stuff like hurts the
irritated dress no it just like it's
like sensitive my skin feels very
sensitive sick we're ready for summer
bring on this nice weather did you hear
the bag open look at her come over here
she knows when there's popcorn you just
know that there's popcorn out she loves
popcorn so much hi a baby internet
bloggers chain eating popcorn and a
Wednesday ah ah I just vacuumed with you
drop them down there yes I don't make a
mess you know chatty lately just have
them back right mmm okay huh I just
cleaned up the living room in the
kitchen a bit um we have a fun shoot
coming up oh my gosh this is so weird I
feel like it looks Brown you're wearing
anyway we have a fun shoot coming up
well we're at each exactly why out to
our house off we're filming something
wow that's exciting and we're racking
but it'll be fun and if we had that take
some pictures of the living rooms to
show them the space that we have huh so
that's why I
no long day sweep it around like adjust
to you for a minute huh I love you Kylie
did you get left outside again not just
to hide simple simple come on buddy I
have a dodge delivery haha how would we
do it he just asked about you oh really
all the an ecology kinda stuck in a
different finger 7 Noah to the opp hey
hey hold your fire do Daniel potty well
in your potty let's go pee pee real
quick what I'm here to find my trip okay
okay you have a good time did you have
fun quick let's go peepee over here
coming hey you cried oh boy ok what's
the nude in bed you're actually would I
left you two hours ago so no we call me
one oh man no just that I missed you i'm
your PO 10 points how did you play date
yeah ok you played it too so i can you
have fun even though moment of their mom
if I came to pick you up huh Jeff I'm
playing even though I wasn't there yeah
yeah good time oh hey you cry for a
minute so then mom came and got you huh
see I came back yeah Paris house is over
there what do that again huh yeah
okay yeah you don't cry next time on
your tough guy good job baby what do you
say we say big guys cry hey cuz he does
cry there's no cry sometimes huh that's
okay to cry sometimes broke the wagon
out of the garage and we're on scooters
it was like spring thank you I just
can't think help thing I went to with
anybody in a wagon now she's a big girl
on the wagon comment it is Thomas huh
Justin oh my gosh that tan line under my
eyes is like awful I hope crazy but just
when you think like the kids won't get
sick because they just had it those up
coughing all night and they blew it with
the fever all night long like can these
kids and not take a break I was like
surely they can't get it because they're
the ones who gave it to us and we feel
we're back then I'm like how is anyone
ever going to get better and over these
sicknesses if we just keep it keep
giving it back and forth to each other
whenever 16 yeah and all you want to do
is just a but they just have sit on
top of you okay to you wow I can't let
no one's happy today you sit Oh Taylor's
hapless as POS happy tails happy yeah
one sec Oh
we're out getting a little fresh air all
right you right back to the park
you sure you don't work in the stroller
for a thought do you guys think swim
affairs I don't want to get sick me more
I don't think I've ever been so sick in
our lives there are so many times in one
season have we been sick I didn't come
out right and I like saket like it's the
weather change of weather out even
though Mike we'll just warm all year
long move anymore right although it was
like 90 s in Arizona came to the park
last night but I forgot to phone just
kidding so good at all jungle gym
apparatuses it is so tall look at you
stupid got it got it dude 72 hours later
good morning everyone and happy st.
Patrick's Day this is the first day
where i have no pains in my head or body
just a little bit stuff still stuffy
nose and that's it SL oh my gosh I don't
know how to describe how to feel I'm
still like tired not so much better than
I did yesterday it was just crazy
however think Patrick's Day st.
Patrick's Day which is really fun I'm
really excited for him to like me to go
pee or something because I discovered it
screen please dad rememberers kidneys to
do that too at my house to heal a little
footprint I'm sorry I have seriously
look tired and like all of these videos
guys I literally just remembered that
I'm Irish I'm Irish my mom is literally
like ninety percent Irish she did that
like ancestry com like kit she did it a
couple years ago because my whole life
we thought we were Native American on my
mom's side turns out after she took that
that there is ZERO Native American my
blood I think I'm talking about this
before anyway but that she's like mostly
just European which makes sense but
she's like Irish it's all Irish isn't
just a little English so hey how does a
passive say I'm Irish know your your
quarter irish i think i don't know how
it works did you know that today is st.
Patrick's Day would you really you knew
that today on st. Patrick's Day what is
st. Patrick's Day outside he's done in
listening he's watching his own videos
cuz he's obsessed no drug you guys okay
in the positives for a second not even
exaggerating we watched the disney vlogs
every day we watch them every day since
coming home multiple times a day yes
pretty sure knows only watches these
videos we wear green shirts and clothes
or else you get pinched me leprechauns I
know about they play tricks they do
silly things in your house okay hmm
don't look look what that oh my look
over there
oh my gosh good what good will it you
know running what's in there it's great
Wow to think I are through the screen
with their magic oh my word yeah yeah
whatever comes did that with their feet
oh my gosh they got your potty yeah oh
my goodness Noah my cat happy happy no
left the tubby nice thanks upper cards
that's so crazy yeah I'll team down man
her being down there you go to clean the
best yeah you do thanks so much you're
going to clean it for me so silly
leprechauns left mommy a mess to clean
up huh okay see what they didn't hear
what thought more your footprints what
what how do you think they escaped I
feel like I feel like they went down the
toilet do you think they escaped through
the toilet oh yeah oh my goodness was
that just crazy oh my goodness Thank You
days Mike silly leprechaun haven't said
Patrick's Day you say that st. Patrick
punch at st. Patrick's Day high five
okay good job 8pm use equipment miss
gonna clean the mess
okay I find with that what you want to
do kill can see what pie well hey miss
bedhead baby you had a good leap what
you'll see he'll look like any both of
my cream good morning you slept good my
house AFRICOM came my house dad daddy
left from playing a trick and died on
the toilet green did he go beat the end
your body feet up there yeah left silly
footprint when you snuck out in the
toilet downstairs we're Irish babe where
I rice wheat it's like legit we
celebrate st. Patrick's Day okay yes
what I said to I really need actually
and I've annex rounding the corner right
now your little green poop I know
there's a few prints but they were got
washed away a little bit so you help me
take Patrick's Day syntactic they dance
beautiful so I think we want me to
appreciate this flock of seagulls hairdo
she's got going on today hey you slept
so good so good pretty girl every day so
thank you so cute and I'm like I know
babe look at that face looks that white
hair guys I got even wider and the Sun
hate me now p me now guys know if so
sick all of a sudden misusing having
like little waves all morning
like feeling good and not been feeling
good than not and now he's a grey not
he's got like 103 fever right now he's
like only my god Blue Dogs he's
literally up in his bed I'm so sick but
he was so cute with what you just said
what'd you just say what's wrong with
your eye oh okay it's melting ice
melting yeah so watering little eyes
watering because the sinuses you know
music mom I'm melting the ice melting
but he still wants to eat so that's good
he just took a little nap which is even
better huh and now everyone is feeling a
lot better like in the 90s we're not one
hundred percent but I would have to say
that like none of us are sick anymore
that was terrible I'm just glad that we
didn't feel like that at Disney i'm not
sure what the bug was that we caught I
think the note we got it first and then
it just spread like Jen said I think a
week from Wednesday we have a film crew
coming out to our house we're in a film
our biggest production yet ever just
kind of exciting it will really help out
with the house saving for that house
we'll probably talk more about it but it
was an amazing family vacation together
it was great to go to the wedding it was
such a huge blessing it wouldn't have
been possible without a lot of people
that made it just so easy for us both
financially and just friendship wise you
know just like was awesome so this was a
20-minute vlog of just catching up we're
caught up new video tomorrow hope you
guys are having a great weekend maybe
you're watching March Madness the World
Baseball Classic survivor guys I'm
caught up with survivor just caught up
to we watched it the other night wow I
don't know if the sink yet going two
nights in so you guys can catch up if
you want to watch it with this is here
canal peas birthday is in like two weeks
I think
3 i'm liking this I can't believe our
baby's already gonna be your fault
anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow love
you
whoo
