yeah she's only if she's only
bear-crawling because she doesn't want
to scrape her knees
oh you want us to come with you hi yes
does it come on you stand up this stand
up come on here there grunting it hurts
you last morning breakfast on the beach
before we go back to a cold winter no
going back to cold I'm not gonna hate
you goodbye postcard in I couldn't tell
if you were nice or strange or fun or
exciting or grosser reg reg 2017 god
good morning afternoon everybody
oh okay we are now at our new hotel for
the evening
all-star sports and just drove back from
st. Pete it was beautiful and warm and
sunny and now it's raining today
Orlando salad it's our last day so we're
going to go to our chicken and hang up
her butt and since when it's worked out
I definitely had to put sunscreen under
his eyes right under his eyes
and right here right under my eyes for
always
Ramy let me know Pepa something here and
speak under his eyes he's on the 40 the
30 the 20 the 10
guardian were touchdown touchdown
Penelope more you miss day yeah it is
this is a really cool resort they have
like giant football helmet I'm in a
bunch of different teams up there and
then over here there's a baseball pool
so they've all like the major league
teams the Cubs are actually let's see
trying to see on the camera the Cubs
right there janko's Ricola Cup this is
the baseball pool a bunch of different
baseball bats stands for the people to
sit and watch that is there for
decoration but this place is crazy
someone so close to walking maybe in
time for her first birthday Oh cute he's
loving walking on this yeah it'll be
like there's a PITA yo what is that
right there though Mickey Mouse is this
Mickey Mouse's football field so we were
supposed to stay here today I booked
this hotel just for one night cuz we're
leaving tomorrow and when we got here
the guys like I'll be right back sounds
like oh he came back he's like we can up
here you to the corn out of Springs and
I was like oh is this one overbooked
he's like yeah so we're gonna head over
there
this one is Noah to a tee but at least
we walked around and checked it out and
looked at everything and Wilson at the
other hotel to our room should be nicer
so we'll see we'll see if you like all
the way down there there's like a
basketball team's hotel one that's
pretty awesome
Kate's over there there's a tennis
themed rooms which can go ahead and make
you real quick
what's up Mickey who we got here
are you guys playing baseball
that's pretty awesome no I was loving it
these baseball players did here was this
pause that man that's crazy okay what do
you got and got Mickey ears from Alima
from Cuba she gave me that it's crazy so
like we got switched hotels it's really
cool and I think a lot of people would
have been upset career the planet Aleen
was over there they were to plan their
trip Iran that but the lady at the front
desk
she's from Puerto Rico her name was
Juana I need to like reporter for being
awesome we talked for a long time our
Spanish connection and then I Lima from
Cuba just gave Noah here Mickey a rich
history tree they didn't even know yet
like so it's total messes like happiness
crazy not that we even needed it it's
just like a little bit of extra magic
the next Norman good morning ah yeah
radio static fear are you trying to
spear the heavy wide load of supposed to
have fun on a nice
you can't you're throwing yeah you put
on the diaper grades today okay yes
let's just keep following this path all
the way to the and we're not stuffed up
okay it's it on the song to science nine
hours today we are loading up head home
our flight isn't until late tonight
though so we have a lot of today to just
hang out but I should check out one we
got our 11 o'clock took out pushed back
a little bit but it's not until like
7:00 or something tonight so we're just
asked it was strange so we're hanging
out we were going to do the pol but
wasn't quite enough time for that and I
don't want to go home with something
like clothes
there's you know he comes in I would
because no was in the friend he so have
much heavier happy up there yeah so it's
hard to push so now we are trying to
make our way over to the very front of
our lobby to get some nourishment before
we go do figure out oh look a
temperature in a rental car right now
alligator x kill wow up close and
personal with nature it's like we're at
the animal kingdom we're actually at
Coronado oh I feel like I got too much
water in my head and bass cannot stop
sneezing today I had like chills last
night I think I had a fever the kids are
kind of sick I wonder if I got Sam's
ironic everytime kids do it to him every
time I know I mean society I need to uh
I need to be healthier just live a
healthier life I actually feel like the
past couple weeks I've been pretty good
getting more sleep eating healthier and
working out wow this place though right
here it reminds me of last summer I
think it was so there's a really sad
story about at cave sex I mean by an
alligator like round guys well that's
okay anyways office yeah I mean like I
know your resident tell me that he
survived and he didn't so the kid was
like Noah's age two years old and this
place is littered with signs that says
beware of snakes and alligators I'm like
look at this oh my god I was like that
was like beep but no gain by resort so
something like that where's the key
yeah but this resort makes me think of
it yeah they've added like a lot of like
fences here like a new me that hey look
at this oh look at this
I'm I knew that had to be look at it
this is like totally alligator laying
there I was during the summer when I
guess I guess like people as a resort
has reported like sightings validators
an entire day but about it oh seven out
here in the lagoon when I mean there's
gotta be one in here somewhere
not right now but during the summer so
anyways while we've been here I've been
like a super free cautious about it even
though I haven't seen any snakes or ever
given
but at night especially I've just had
taught like sitting on my shoulders when
we walk around like this because you
never know and now people the most
terrifying and scary and sad things ever
experienced and I just feel sick that
that time we had to
yeah I guess is a pretty isolated case I
guess that's like one of the first time
this has ever happened so
did you do a good job of keeping
alligators quick anyways this place went
on to the spring so we got upgraded here
I feel like it's more of an adult resort
looks like moderate so it's a little
more expensive and the Convention Center
of all the places we've been so far part
of animation give kids definitely the
one to book that's my recommendation
don't you think I will just come here
about good yeah be good because they're
like a song the the bus has arrived
I'll be honest I think this is no secret
part culture getting in the
the glucose this kid into some pushing
the background every single time through
the airport through the hotel
wherever we go your finger that would be
bit me I'm not really her Toby's gonna
stick is like a wick slap to get just
like after always like
okay
I love you thanks for coming with us yes
you have he's leaving sick vamsee
the babies are feeling better they're
feeling today and I'll probably get into
week or next week when I get home
I knew our last board our flight our
plane I possess us help with a baby pick
tool we know what we making friends
listen right I love you
you
