are you excited my baby's leaving me
baby
well you like I'm touching you but I'm
really that you actually really far away
Jen is leaving me
Jenna Penelope as you guys know are
going to California to celebrate Bella
right here Bella her 90th birthday and
since we had previously had planned to
have dejan come out here I'm going to
stay with Noah and we'll have a couple
days together and then Jen will fly back
and be here for a few days as well so
one or two so I'm going to give this
camera so yeah luckily we have another
camera that will work so we can both
vlog and then I'm gonna shoot on my
nicer camera too especially we go out
and do some things outdoors although Dan
has said that they just want to chill
and relax enjoy the Sun and lay by the
pool and I think he just wants to eat a
lot of poke a good food one bond well
we'll see we'll see
that also means we'll probably exercise
of that some push up every mate every
newbie over Elliot Monica's yeah it's
crazy cuz almost a year ago today I
think it was in February was right the
sooner if we went to D & Jerry's wedding
and we came out here to Arizona and
dejan was with us and that's when we
were like dang we kind of have like an
interesting feeling
maybe we should live here and now we do
and now he's coming back alright first
actually no he's not our first two-time
visitor because andrew has been here a
couple of times
yeah but super nice of him to come out
and we're always happy to have people we
got two guest rooms also has it's been
annoying anyone so far in the first
couple clips because I just got new hair
Joe I was using got to be glue it is the
purple top one it costs $5 well usually
can find it on sale for like for
something that's five or six dollars
and I hate that it costs that much I
can't find it anywhere here now I need
to look on the internet I've been
telling my spots that I get it and it's
not been there
so I found a coupon for the place where
I get my hair cut side a free haircut
today and instead of like the money I
was gonna put towards my haircut I ended
up getting this stuff it's a frenzy
style sexy hair to shine eight hole and
I just don't know I I hate it like I I
think it's gonna work it looked it was
working earlier and stuff but I just uh
hair product is so expensive in my
hair's thick the next morning you know I
just zoom past so many people because we
are in the carpool to 20 minutes cut off
yeah literally 20 minutes hard drive I
be headed to the airport and cysts are
leaving this morning we're just kind of
sad I'm excited my family
just wish we were all going together no
what are you gonna do well mom's done
he's gonna watch Dino Chargers what else
party without mom there oh you're gonna
go to the arcade
Wow Betty are you excited are you gonna
go see you're going on an airplane she
really knows what's going on Hale then
where are you gonna go you're gonna go
fly hey do you know what you're doing
she actually knows just like I'm so
excited
these two are gonna miss each other
these three these four these five just
me and you now yep
how you feel miss your mom already that
much what am I chopped liver my chopped
liver mom I hope you see this hey that's
pretty good pretty good acting
performance we're really having fun huh
or maybe not all right what we gonna do
you're gonna get tacos and I'm we're
gonna hit up the arcade cuz we don't
want to be sad today without our girls
yeah it's lettuce do you like lettuce
guys we're eating lunch a little late
it's 2 o'clock we're dancing eating
tacos got the Domino's out Noah's got
two tacos I got some pickled onions and
a burrito yeah we got to work out
tonight ok I'm gonna go run how's that
the salsa that's a good one that's the
kid salsa gosh I don't know tacos were
you doing oh you see a letter n yeah oh
you see an A and an end
Oh
oh my gosh hit the button
Missy give me a pose
that was pretty fun yeah we I got one
for daddy and me it's my boy we had 500
points 500 tickets and he decided to get
something for me and something for him
to share really nice ebuddy
jiff fun yeah what do you say alright
let's open him when we go home guys I
said he just wanted to chill right there
just chill up the door look outside you
good love you dude
talk about a bug or something
beetles mosquitoes
oh yeah mosquitoes will be very good
morning and afternoon tomorrow morning
we pick up de Haan tomorrow is also the
birthday party and I think for Bella her
90th birthday party so as you guys know
Monday through Friday is our normal
upload schedule now we'll probably
upload bonus content here and then
who was that yeah so anyways you guys
will catch all of that
starting on Monday but of course we may
upload a bonus content through the
weekend probably not this weekend
especially because I'm entertaining
gonna be recording a lot and yeah hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog we miss
our girls but we're having a good time
and we can't wait to see what they're up
to
on Monday see you then
already ticket
