good morning from cars man oh they can't
see what I see
but we're at cars land Hey oh here
there's a pool out there the kids who
lie captain whoa whoa yeah there's a
pool right there
accepting from what oh really quick sis
are you so excited she had a rough night
sleeping a little bit by my stoller I'm
like freaking out ah oh no what are you
so excited I'm happy a first day here at
Disney let me see what your ring already
got your bathing suit on okay your
sandals on spider-man sandals let me see
your hat paw patrol hat goggles buddies
he's been trying to get out for the past
hour
we're in finding Nemo and that's the
pool over there we go there in a minute
Rach I'm so happy you're with us here in
Florida Radiator Springs Radiator
Springs that's what we're saying over
there guy
oh yeah run off a few times even though
before the cover but that don't I want
my stroller I might say that with you
more time today sorry Rachel Pierre look
it's so cool
every little hotel area is a different
theme oh here we go oh my gosh guys this
is amazing here so slash pad area and
the pool area those jellyfish are so
cool
buh buh all the way back that way Noah
already jumped in we're trying to go
chase after head Oh guys that kids buddy
you guys no junk oh this is so freakin
awesome so cool don't find them near her
nursing - now
hey the warm show me
whoa careful buddy
a little beauty to you is it - I'm a
beach babe what where I don't see you
sure oh there is a shark on there nice
eyes dude
next time we know that they have life
vests here though that's do you know so
if you ever come here they actually have
like bus already so you have to bring
your own clothing but I think that's
more comfortable and just like this we
are back at Radiator Springs take a
smaller little river yeah lay on Queens
this feels way more comfortable at this
pool hi she's having fun with dad in the
pool this one's warmer definitely warmer
- yeah you loving it telling you that hi
I'm loving it this what you're doing
you're hiding
oh that scared me for a second little
chiclet teeth got to show mine but
without fun drinks it's like a raspberry
Pina Colada thing and also Joe and Josh
are gonna come over through our special
time finger go to dinner and fun evening
with them we're excited to see them baby
I'll tell you about this resort moving
constantly examine they don't sit down
analyzing the water breathing and always
feel something about to go down but he's
just like walking into your shoulder and
always about to go down it's a very good
job very good job Disney World on Life
Guards I think it's great now on to get
the full effect to get in the way
they're not allowed to stop I don't
think I'm gonna ask Joey I'm gonna ask
Joey if they are allowed to stop walking
like I think it's date
keep it conceived chillin right we're
off duty
Sam's got the babies hey where we going
everyone's ready to go yeah yeah your
friends we are gonna go meet Joey and
Josh bug and it is Matt coming no no
okay we are going to meet Joey and Josh
bug at down your busy and get some
dinner and catch up and hang out for a
little bit and we're really close and
that's where we're headed and we're all
a little tired
more than a little we're all like this
much tired especially this one and this
one here we hear at Downtown Disney and
there's this crazy sculpture lady
Wow profits means look
look looks like a statue that you're a
real person
okay Noah wants us picture by Buzz and
Woody
there's with woody ok now with buzz and
there's this picture with Buzz nice all
right let's go this is the Irish place
you like Raglan Road fried patty is a
good Noah and PJ just went straight to
Josh thank you I was like seeing food in
videos and you guys know like showing
you what I'm eating you know I got this
battered burger what did you get I was
sitting on my lap cuz he's so tired he
got a burger too
I don't really see the burger but it
looks good and we got some
donkey sauce that's how he said it he
was like you know how many donkey sauce
is do you want we got six he came out
with a stack or like eight I don't even
know I'm digging in cooks of Dublin I
give it a solid four point eight out of
five it's actually like my favorite
thing I've ever had at Disney springs
and I've been to a bunch of the
restaurants I think it's like a good
deal on pretty good food
my guess the Entertainment has arrived
in preparation for tomorrow making a
stop the Star Wars electic outpost I was
here 10 months ago
and I got no a stormtrooper remember the
mystery toy
you ready for this remember this these
are the new ones though that's got
Captain phasma trooper helmet hmm
focus focus that's pretty awesome I
might get one of those here they have a
place where you can build and design
your own lightsaber I don't think we're
gonna do this today but I'll let Noah
pretend like we're meet then
these are amazing about this whoo Oh
probably do you know which one which one
should we get this one or that way
the people are inside of it
wait who's that guy that Yoda do you
like a stormtrooper it always this down
a bit I'm two for two you guys realize
that right I'm two for two it's gonna be
I'm telling you right now it's gonna be
captain phasma
for that
oh no I'm ruff
are you actually close one
Luise Noah
hello at
pretty awesome
what is that
we'll leave a little bit guy
all right we're doing a build-your-own
minifigure we're actually not gonna buy
it but Noah wanted to make one that's
the gun that Noah me
pretty funny
let's see the one you're making now
Josh just found this one wait there we
go focus there we go look at that just
laying here that's actually a really
good one if you wanted to wear it let's
see but now B look so cute we don't get
that today we might have to get
something like that
so cute
- sorry got that be really cute wow did
nice
just got back from Disney springs with
Josh and Joey this trip would not have
been possible if it weren't for them
they're great friends they're also
having a baby soon in a couple weeks at
the top right there you can click on the
link go check them out say what's up
they've really brought the Disney magic
quick room tour though you walk in our
room and there's this picture ooh la la
bienvenidos a la casa de Noah we got the
this is like this is a carves themed
room so this is actually a table that we
pulled down and this is where Noah and I
are sleeping in the Maeder bed right did
you scrub that juice so the theme in
here is like the car shop got all the
it's a lot it's already messy in here
because we just threw all our stuff in
here but yeah we got this bed oh my gosh
so messy spiffy in a jiffy normally this
is like where the kids would sleep and
then the adults are in there in our
conditions right now this not just that
we are so spiffy in a jiffy
car wash very cool themed mirror got the
cars just water still dripping got the
fire engine with lehtinen McQueen pretty
cool and then we got more of like the
car garage vibe right there tiles I like
it this is a there's like a it looks
like it would be a seat in a car I think
this actually turns into a bed as well
but that's the couch very nice art Kohn
lights cone curtains comb carpet a map
with Radiator Springs right there I've
got the workshop vibe right here pretty
cool closet area can I come in here
what's going on
oops throughout the entire hotel - they
have these cone cone lights and then you
guys saw during like the pool footage
there's much different cars and things
that are just scattered around here it's
like we're in the middle of the Cars
movie set in Radiator Springs it feels
like we're at that part of when we went
to Disneyland that's what it feels like
they were like sleeping there so that's
pretty cool then there's the Finding
Nemo pool your straw
let me help you with your struggle all
right there oh wait in there wait your
straw went all the way in there nobody
okay I'll get you another straw then
there's the Finding Nemo area and the
Finding Nemo pool which is huge Finding
Nemo themed there was music playing
underwater that you could hear an
apparently sometimes during the day you
can hear the Finding Nemo cast
underwater I just heard music today okay
here's the other room got the
mountainous themed cones for bed too
much too much too much Mickey too much
Mickey
so says like the same kind of theme
spiffy in a jiffy car wash very cool
and yeah the whole hotel is like decked
out and this animation art animation
stuff tomorrow we're headed to Hollywood
Studios we're gonna see the Star Wars
stuff when we went to Disneyland we
didn't really see any Star Wars stuff so
we're focusing on that first this time I
think we'll do like Toy Story stuff and
then the next day Magic Kingdom which
will be great wait I'm the parent -
excuse me sir
are you trying to hide what are you
hiding
nice I gotta get I gotta get this kid
out of bed we will see you guys tomorrow
where were you hiding
I take
