all right sighs your head and your whole
head pushing there for me all right 11
months old update with what the baby oh
okay Oh 11 months update she is still
crawling
so like bear crawl now and she'll hold
your hands and walk she's waving and
blowing kisses and she's sleeping most
of the nights she's sleeping through the
night least the packaging policies or
she'll wake up healthy late
yeah we are going to Rachel tomorrow huh
or so wake up very very early like five
or six and one
yeah yeah Miami anyway what else what
else I think she's a doctor's woman
coming up I'm not sure when so we'll
have her stats then and she loves food
and loves oranges so tell me what else
should all she has to do for sixty six
pizzas ask me how do you have more than
three teeth oh okay you're building that
what my keep calming your teeth came
there in there your tail molars came a
couple hours ago huh Mikey Mikey hop up
yeah when how obvious of you how are you
doing your teeth come out hey 806 - yeah
I'm sure some people come out when
you're six and when you're eight okay
seeing all the happy can you pee good
morning good people get in it today is
the day that we pack up because tomorrow
we leave early for Florida last night I
wanted to get my hair cut really quickly
it was getting a little long and I was
like I should probably have that cut for
Florida nice trip and the by the time we
got I could go to own that so I rushed
over to that haircut place yesterday
do you like my haircut oh you got fruit
snacks when I got there they're like
we'll give me a 45-minute wait we can
put your name in and I couldn't set an
appointment cuz they don't do like
same-day playback so I put my name in
and I came back after 30 minutes and
waited for another hour and I was just
like ready to go but like I was
committed too far like I need to just
get my hair cut is ironic because the
person to cut my hair like insisted that
we washed it after I got it cut even
though I told her like I never use
shampoo and she forgot to save it and I
just didn't realize how terrible it
really looks until I got home because
Jen was like sounds like oh that looks
different
it's not terrible it is pretty bad like
I'm being dramatic guys I'm being
dramatic
it doesn't look right the product is
even last my hair my hair is eating it
look at this okay here we go
so here's that no I'm right here
normally looks I'm trying to capture how
terrible this is I usually use the
Rangers on the side that's pretty normal
but like she carried it in over here and
it is just a fluff ball up here I look
like the first time I shaved my head
like a little chia pet fro rugby old
school football helmet no see it looks
more like like a military haircut then I
don't want to ask on the side in high
school yeah I'm relatively senior crazy
it looks fine it looks better on cameras
and doesn't realize no it doesn't looks
the same no but I understand when you're
so set and you're like oh where I look
completely different then it's like I
can't do anything about
I like it's like a little ass literally
like I look like when I shoot my editor
and that I'm not that concerned I'm just
frustrated because it's a frustrating
experience it took like two hours you
look beautiful though okay you look
beautiful I wish right here here right
now and you hey you do I love you good
hi are we going tomorrow oh yeah where
we gonna go
the Florida yeah she wouldn't let me get
her out of her bed not all of her
favorite things all right oh really
so how you feel about being my mouth
she's hugging me more weight today 11
muscle today this isn't it Hey hello
Abby
you're 11 months old today oh yes oh did
you guys fit in here do dry-fit Lucy
Oh hopefully this will contain fall off
of it
yeah oh gosh oh it's got in the suitcase
with you guys you all ready to go haha
this is the dress I bought for the
wedding I don't know I shouldn't know
how to feel about it I mean I like it
I mean I'll probably wear it but might
need help I don't know I'm being a
little dramatic my hair is not that
terrible but I gotta get it cleaned up I
gotta get it cleaned up just a little
bit so I I texted Jared and he said that
Ellie would help out she volunteered
luckily oh it's got I feel bad I feel
bad cuz not their fault but she can help
out when we just know and I just went
got this big Easter egg and I asked her
those like what kind of candy goes like
I said chocolate with peanut butter so
this actually doesn't a peanut butter
but it looked amazing but we did get the
Reese's eggs do you get one too
it's not that bad I wanna say hi to
penny
no all right Ellie you saving the day
thank you
thank you it's really not bad okay it's
not bad
it's not good it's way too short and the
other thing is it's basically if I had
to describe it everywhere here I've been
wearing a head I'm being dramatic
but I don't feel comfortable with my
hair Raina
yeah I can probably see why you would
say this was this was a Jenna I get home
and Jen goes you look different
and I was like yeah and then she's like
I was like it's not good she's like it's
not bad
it basically like the rough area of a
golf course
yeah way to do it I need it at all the
good food we're not even touching on the
except bit yeah like to blend it but
your sides need to be shorter
Alan I'm a wonderful all right this is a
new reality TV show we do it hippocampus
broker hi just know I'm not the photos
guys and not Carol I look like the
military and I'm just going to come in
tomorrow I will be signing with the US
Army
now we're buzzin it we're going out to
a-1 they can't get worse
well I told him we just blended like she
did a good job is to do sure I'm too
short I'm not trying to get mad at the
girl you know she tried her best I'm
ready don't you think you would want it
short - um I always be the one oh you're
here long enough getting it we like you
letting her go just like I do I just
believe in a little bit
oh all right let's do it I'm ready okay
worst-case scenario I wear a hat to the
wedding
okay let's go okay Ellie I think it'll
look good you can't go back now I've
been the Charter forever hey I only did
that girl woman never I'll give you guys
good I think it looked a lot better
we went shorter on the side I think I
can actually put some product in Thank
You Ellie yeah you save the day oh we're
probably so where I had a lot but I wait
for the wedding I can make it look
presentable oh my gosh I came outside
and this is what is going on it's doing
so much I thought we were finally gonna
have spring thinking we're going to
board a tomorrow
Wow look at this ah get me out of here
Noah we need to go to Florida already oh
my
now I'm worried about the drive to the
airport crazy what is happening oh my
gosh look my hair's but I like it I like
Oh God
I've been sitting at this light for ten
minutes and it has not turned green
it keeps skipping on the snow it messes
with it know what's going on man you
know hey good I'm sick of the light it
won't turn green yeah
okay guys I kid you not the light was
Green for like three seconds and now I'm
the first car line what is going on
no let's go what's going on so I think I
can change the light because I go boom
and it turns green should I try it again
okay we'll see if I can do it I don't
know if I can time this one right
hey one two boom let's go how long is it
going to say green probably two seconds
alright sighs your hand your whole head
you know but your whole head did you Oh
no ha do you think cuz I know good you
think so that was it oh come on no you
didn't brother a lot shorter
let's start it I mean but this isn't
sure they're just on the phone I'm just
on the side I really don't believe this
bus
woo dinner is served and a roasted
potatoes what do you mean look even
better when I put product in but shut up
- Jared and Ellie for doing that I'm
gonna put a link to their latest video
walk to the top go comment and say thank
you for saving Sam because I was a
crying mess I am lying about that part
but that was really nice of them to do
so go comment say what's up wait - was
there anything in the egg
nothing on the egg any kids seen YouTube
thinks the eggs are closing one to your
house
are we are we whispering why are we
whispering
when can you put the 1 wait wait second
is he coming back my head yeah I think
boy he just opens the door and comes in
what do you look like it's funny happy
happen does he happen like this yeah pop
pop is that what he says thank you
we got to get her a nice Easter outfit
who do you have look so cute on Easter
almost unpacking a little extra space
for maybe a souvenir or two how excited
are you to go just look at it smelling
like you're stressing me out
yeah all right no Airport and it's gonna
be snowy in the canyon I ever since we
met kid just like I get root getting
really anxious about leaving just
getting to the airport with everyone and
their stuff on time
checked in almost getting anxiety over
it so kind of silly because it's like a
really fun exciting trip life lessons
today find a barber hairdresser you like
stick with them go away snow we'll see
you guys tomorrow on our way to our land
Oh Florida goodbye
good you're getting a workout dude
