why good morning are you doing good guys
I'm so sad I forgot to turn the
microphone on I was just asking her
questions and she was no joke like
answering him she was like ah yeah huh
yeah
you were talking you're talking in
baby-talk how are you doing today are
you doing yeah hey who are you waiting
yeah who are you looking for she has
absolutely loved sitting in this seat
today
she's lounged just had a good time too
hey Penelope did you clean up all the
toys ah yes you clean up all those toys
you're so excited yeah why are you
excited you know what's in this box
what is it controller Nintendo's switch
today's very exciting day because a
couple months ago
the pre-orders went live for this on
Amazon at like 1:00 a.m. I come home
what did I get home from mother that was
that like some event we got home super
late got the kids in their beds and then
it went live I ordered two of them one
from Best Buy and one from Amazon Don it
just got here and the other one I'm
actually giving to Jarrod I ordered two
because I knew that I would have a
friend that would miss out on this like
late-night release and won't need one
so I think he's gonna come over and get
his although it hasn't been delivered
yet
I might have to camp out with some lawn
chairs in the front you UPS was here at
1:30 yesterday and it's already two
o'clock he's went from excited to
mesmerised by sing
okay what is it a suitcase
hey we could actually play this on the
plane when we go to Florida did you know
that
okay so here's an unboxing why we just
took it out of the box very cool okay
you need my help though cuz you have to
be at least eight to open this hmm is
that a bunch of instructions on how to
set it up just on the box right there
looks like we need to open it this way
Noah whoa what is that thing a suitcase
and we open it the new Nintendo switch
these controllers are clink they're
gonna get lost or broken we were just at
the store these controllers alone are
like 70 bucks if you want to buy another
one kind of crazy I guess two people can
use our there's the switch it's so
pretty cool little kickstand power cord
HDMI cord what's that
except for the controller instructions
oh you hook it onto that yeah very cool
what's this this looks like the actual
like base I don't know if there's any
like big hardware components in that
other than it's kind of like the dock to
connect it to your TV
I guess the switch itself is this bit of
a plastic check it out looks like a
tablet basically and then the
controllers can you slide on yeah
teamwork you grab the black part there
you go nice what's that so we set it up
all right guys
it is unboxed lookit there's my
reflection I've been trying to figure it
out I don't want to break it
it's like really kind of like
interesting I guess this is how you
release the controllers McCracken
Jared's here he brought a gift two cases
of dr. pepper this is bad I will
probably finish this by the time I
finish they'll de but we're still
waiting for ups okay so he's like an
hour late right now I'm kind of upset
he's got the game so I'm gonna I'm gonna
borrow it today and then Jared can take
it home tomorrow all right let's get his
baby hooked up so this is the first game
we're trying it's called one two switch
it's basically just like a bunch of
different party games I don't know if
it's worth the price tag it's pretty fun
though like think once you unlock all
the games it's pretty fun playing
baseball right now you throw the ball to
mom whoo no we just got a hit so far
he's doing better than Jenna doing them
do it or not people on there like quads
are burning at all that's being kicked
up I'm running so fast
I don't know if I recommend this game as
elders give me a lot better
I haven't too much today I've
just been doing laundry and Sam got his
really cool switch things up I'll have
some footage of that and we are
currently having a little movie night we
had bats just snow didn't realize there
was a little bit of poop in the
underwear yep there's a little bit in
there so they had baths so now we're
currently watching sing I loved this
movie know kind of fell asleep during it
because it was 3d and you could figure
out the glasses he likes it now I think
it's hilarious oh my god somebody three
percent on Rotten Tomatoes but I think
it was better than that I really liked
it and now Sam is actually at his
great-aunt so his the grandmas sisters
up on the oh my hair goldfish literally
this is a goldfish crumbs he's up on
campus watching her get an award we're
still together but we shouldn't get
babysitter in time I sweated I stayed
home cuz no has not been feeling good
and I would felt so bad if he had
pooping it underwear and a babysitter so
he's up there having dinner and watching
her get an award she really wanted us to
be there which is really cute exciting
so hopefully same got maybe a couple
that I hope so I'm about to go into a
dinner tonight I think it's called the
founders dinner not quite sure but my
great aunt is being recognized as like
amazing alum here at Utah State
University so excited to go celebrate
that and it was kind of like a sneak
peek at what I think I'm gonna wear to
the wedding next weekend I just got a
new shirt and tie I like them let's go
okay guys I have had the Nintendo switch
now for 24 hours
I've played probably Zelda I played for
about an hour and a half last night and
an hour during the day with Noah I also
played once you switch I probably played
that for like an hour two hours so I did
get a lot of gaming time in and it was
it was a lot of fun here's my thoughts
real quick just to end the vlog the
Nintendo switch is very hard to get
right now i think i think it's sold out
in most places and online there's only
about four main games that are out right
now for it
bomberman zelda when to switch I've seen
shovelknight on the store I think
there's a Skylanders game having played
two of them I am not disappointed at all
with my purchase I think this is an
amazing hardware I like companies that
innovate but Nintendo has always done
things different maybe not always the
best but they've done things different
this is like a better Wii U in my
opinion and it's very very cool the
Zelda game has gotten such high marks on
sites 10 out of 10 98 100 scores and I
completely agree with it I was kind of
worried a sec on it super hyper super
hyped it's super hyped am I gonna like
it and I love it having played it for
about 2 hours it is very very fun it's
very responsive I feel like you can do
so much in that game just like running
around picking up things and just
interacting with the world I'm just at
the beginning of it too and I've really
really loved it so far honestly at my
trival ocarina of time for me as far as
enjoyment I've had that much fun with it
so far and The Legend of Zelda Ocarina
of Time is probably my favorite video
game of all time just on memories the
first time I played it
graphics it was just ahead of its time
if you are obsessed with Zelda and
Nintendo I would say go ahead and buy
one today if you can if you can find one
if you can afford it if you're just
thinking about getting it I would
probably hold off for a little bit I
would I definitely recommend the
Nintendo switch but wait until more
games come out I know Mario karts coming
out there's to me a Mario game later and
a couple more titles but there's really
not a lot out right now to justify it
being worth it worth paying even extra
online for it or something like that but
I definitely recommend it I think it's
an amazing system
and I'll have to live out the commercial
on Monday because Noah's really enjoyed
it too and I think we'll bring it on the
plane and he and I will we'll play it
while we're flying if you guys want me
to do like a more extensive review on it
let me know but yeah I think it's really
really cool I'm really happy I got it
and I think we're gonna have a lot of
fun as a family with it and I'm gonna
continue to livestream on my twitch
channel twitch.tv slash Sam for the
number nd I did a live stream yesterday
it was a lot of fun something guys were
there hope you guys are having a great
weekend we'll see you guys tomorrow
maybe a Sunday well I've stream again
that was fun peace
