good morning sweet world
I thought we would start off today's
vlog with some drone footage kind of
 it's kind of starting to warm up
but I thought it would be fun to
document the area over the next couple
weeks whatever cuz you never know how
long we'll be R so here we go
you
so since I said I'm sussing on you or
swaggin I'm swaggin I'm swaggin oh I'm
balling I'm balling of a song oh you
watch out oh watch out oh watch out oh
yeah it's my shot that's my shot that's
my shot
spending or swimming or we go for me
right I have a song when I started
bawling I was young
when I'm gone
I need a money laundering I never
sussing
swaggin I'm swaggin I'm swaggin
sweet people the interwebs yep Jojo
already in there
did you just take it back yeah if you
like you look like a different kid right
now let me see that here
that's a cool style what do you call it
down stormtrooper
oh and what do we have here I bought
curl this spray Colonel boost spray I
almost bought like curls when I have fun
this humbly no the kids section no
honestly um it's fun for someone who has
actual girls I almost got her mousse to
like sprint in her hair but we'll just
see what this does I don't know so she
just took a bath and you're putting in
their hair yeah but people are always
saying you should put some product and
Penelope's hair sorry
it's like Titan got some and she's
trying some if you have any
recommendations though yeah please
please post below
let me see sis here's her girl honestly
a better one I don't have anything in
them well people are asking the live
stream what product I use is it her hair
got to be glue the purple kind texture
cream pomade I only buy it when it's on
sale at least I tried to you and that's
why you see three stacked right there
because they were on sale so I grabbed
em oh it says curl boost natural
professional quality no alcohol we'll
check back in and see how it did you
think running up and down the stairs
working off his lunch are you running up
and down stairs with dad - this kid does
whatever Sam does
I mean he was trying to kick the top of
the fridge to someone oh good morning
nap I hope that's a nice sign that she's
gonna swim forever hey lookit you're
trying to do Irish dancing but you're
really bad at it do you know this is
addressed to ya this is Danny there's a
package for daddy he likes I feel like
it's things for my grandma recently
moved out of her house no I'll let Daddy
do it I feel like this is probably stuff
that was his and also maybe some of my
old stuff oh yeah shirt cool
these were grandpa's oh I'm sure what's
this Cubs Jersey this is oh you have
this it's Mark Grace Cubs shirt a bunch
of pictures including a LAN party this
is awesome oh you thought you got like
you might be doing that stuff so that
was grandpa's so this was yeah San
Francisco 49ers I think it was the year
they won the Super Bowl big house like
the whole team had signed it in there
Steve young cool what's this baseball
was this from his Princeton days Oh
sam says undal on it I see very lately
oh yeah this is my grandpa seeing each
other he's really good baseball player
no I'm a daddy grandpa wow these are
these could have been
this one looks too new I don't know
my grandpa was actually drafted to play
Major League Baseball twice right
mission planners 1996 Jordan collection
those are mine my Eagle sash there's a
lady that may be that your mom must be
cleaning out your room hogs my Eagle
watch the Mayan Grandpa Anderson gave me
honey I'm a eagle
wow it's like a pocket that's cool
Tabasco yeah this is the bull this was
this is an American flight that was like
flown over the Capitol Oh a Reynolds oh
cool oh my god boys remember my grandpa
worked for Reynolds aluminum company I
think he's like the vice president of
the company and this is the 35 year
pinion Wow like I think 35 years that's
cool
that says D on it so this is my grandpa
school probably later cool what is next
but shame that's your great
Grandpa's this is but says he lowed
thinks is a 72 10 microfarad basketball
Chicago Bulls got this in Florida at a
flea market
Wow Kissimmee Florida it's yellow
okay yellow yeah cards insider still
good okay why do you want to show all
your the aging of that that's crazy
oh another pin what's that one say
everybody that's everything oh yeah when
you get bigger right now it's too big
for you but we can put any room hey gosh
I look at this picture is like oh hi
there's Penelope and Noah knows made
that face too but the hair is totally
Penelope hair
just like her she looks like you
Missy community the space can make this
face don't block teeth oh you want to
see the basketball yeah there's a
basketball team there Sammy just as
Harry Potter oh my gosh I just can't get
over this you guys are twins no one
wanted me to turn the camera on and show
you guys that his Jersey mm-hmm what's
it say oh gosh
it says go Cubs yeah it's Rizzo you say
Rizzo don't you hate when you get like
talked into something and then you don't
like the result that you think you're
gonna get I got these lenses the guy
talked me into him because I guess they
were just they're harder to scratch and
stuff like that but I've already
scratched them a lot and they like
they're so hard to clean they think it's
so smudgy so dang fast and it's like you
have to have a cloth like get the
smudges off in at the Bell annoying I'm
grateful I have glasses but my other
lenses were so much easier to clean
these I feel like they're just
constantly foggy literally whatever
anyway I'm just got Noah down for your
nap he and the baby resting hopefully
they sleep for a good while she skipped
her morning nap hopefully that she
doesn't make that a routine although
it's about that time when she's know
start switching to just one nap a day
and I'm just anyway I'm gonna go look
for a dress at the mall because I
literally have nothing to wear to
Charlie's Charles and Ally's wedding so
hopefully I can find something like I
should have gone for my 4d and Jerry I
should have bought a new dress to buy
so luckily my friend--my bar hurts my I
don't have that dress so I need to go
find something hopefully it works and
then the kids wake up we're gonna go
over to tales house they're actually
going on a trip to California for Tatia
Spring Break and Ava's birthday so
they're gonna be gone all week while
we're gone during the week so we won't
miss each other too much which would be
good they're going to Disney and we're
doing Disney so it's me all Disney for
the whole week for both of us so
hey who are you
I'm spider-man
yeah what spider-man costume to look at
they're gonna match yeah no tail scary
face oh man
superheroes superheroes superhero best
friends yeah
whoa breakdance and superhero wow that's
a great cartwheel dude except for the
the stool was in the way those muscles
did you get that last Halloween I mean
it's this house this past Halloween that
were you were probably no oh
what was he probably I remember we
didn't see you guys probably that's why
what were you for Allah ween he can't
even remember either well we're here for
Halloween a pirate you're spider-man
yeah oh you might really fuzzy I
honestly can't remember remember there's
no picture of it you're learning a lot
of oh my oh my it's just so weird that
two years ago tail wore that and know
where his little one and now it fits
Noah and now Te'o is ginormous tail was
so little oh my
wow you're two really good gymnastics
dude
baby girl is about to get a whole new
wardrobe this one looks like it might be
too small well Tati so much likes to buy
cute clothes those that go swimming then
I get what leaving yeah why are you
crying
oh I'm sorry yeah
