just your dad fell down you fell down
are you okay
are you sick today did you wake up early
from your nap because you were coughing
yeah another one bites the dust
everybody yeah that was something they
want right oh that's big whoa whoa what
you tell daddy what do you tell daddy
old toys oh good wait what do you want
to do you want to pick your toys up oh
that's so nice of you I wish you were
that excited to pick up your toys
earlier when mom picked up off most of
the toys Thanks
he was sitting over here playing with
his car then he was like no everything
he picked my toys up I did not give him
that idea he just did it on his own I
don't know but I love popcorn favorite
popcorn right here favorite popcorn
right here over sitting on the floor at
the scene this is a very serious topic
just kidding it's not at all
hey what do you have to say personally
yes this Darth Vader car great that's
how you drive it's a race car you just
turn it on me yet these two are you gone
today okay good hosting
here's a question Noah we thought it we
thought we would update you guys on how
we feel about moving or where we want to
live or what we want to live in we're
getting a trailer we're getting a
Motorhome country actually be pretty fun
do you want to move later you will see
Rachel that's all the fun has migrated
okay I'm Monday you'll see Rachel do you
want to move to another place what kind
of weather do you like do you like hot
weather more mother a cold weather they
caught weather do you want to live in
Utah or Arizona Utah
that's what muted Arizona we'd like to
check in with no because you know he's
the older and this would affect him a
little bit too
so as we currently stand or sit right
now I'm sitting I'm like you're in like
a like he's in like senior photos we are
what would you say what percentage well
I mean we want to move for sure from
Logan for sure names my percentage you
did I'm 70/30 Wow
what do you guys think seventy what
thirty would check out seventy percent
Arizona I woke up well every day I'm
like very torn and confused and today I
woke up like I don't know if I'll be
able to settle in Utah until I test out
Arizona yeah we've only ever lived in
Utah as America gents from Cal for any
of you as you guys know I'm from
Illinois you want to live in Utah yep
right here in this house or do you want
to move to a different house I would say
I'm 60/40 60% Arizona 40% Utah so the
reason let's hear about your 70/30 I
don't know well okay the number one
reason is because we have very active
children
that need to be an outside robot and
it's very difficult having six months or
more or less depending on the year of
cold weather snowing but cold there's
six months of cold weather and only like
four months of I also I kind of like the
thrill of moving to Utah without knowing
a soul was kind of like it was really
scary and fun and I kind of feel like
doing that again mooncake we only know a
handful like literally four people in it
would be really kind of fun and scary to
tried like meet new people you know I
feel like I can't settle down in Utah
cuz Arizona still in the back of my mind
like what if I really like Arizona yeah
for a long time we were considering
Arizona before we were on YouTube just
like oh that seems I get interesting
that seems like an interesting place to
live
I'm 6040 because I I agree with you I
also I have enjoyed my time here yes we
do have lots of friends Oh everyone we
know is in Utah mm-hmm that's the one
thing everyone says the summers are so I
think if we haven't decided yet we're
looking we're accumulating a bunch of
different places no matter where we're
going if we go to Arizona I think we
will rent for sure just to see if we
like because we don't want to commit if
we hate it you and I think we need to go
during the summer to see how hot it
really is because everyone from there
comes to here in this it's the snow
group they don't come Sam they were
talking last night and we travel a lot
during the summer true we travel during
the summer months using family yeah and
then towards the end of summer
not a month straight but like I need to
take all the time that's because that's
when all our family and friends that
live outside of this area are able to
like so we would be getting out of
Arizona quite a bit and it's a lot
closer to my family in California so I
feel like we would succeed so there yeah
we're like an 80/20 to me yeah
really that's not that far it's like
going st. George yeah so that's what
we're thinking about right now I think
we're gonna make another video on what
we want in our ideal like house we've
kind of talked about it how soon do you
think we've moved we have a monthly
lease now it's the same price for fuller
house would be the goodness I don't know
so I could see a thing be in like three
months but I could also see us move
waiting till the end of summer I'm ready
no it's funny cuz like the charm of the
warm weather wears off once you live
there for long time it just becomes like
a but I do feel like with the kids and
stuff we are much more outdoorsy than
they were
yeah just like wanting to get out and
play I've been looking at a ton of
places even just like from the northern
salt lake to Lehigh you know battle to
be had and looking at the places and
then no city feels right yet like I
don't know which city to really choose
you know there's just too many options
this child
don't so here's I don't even talk about
this for a while let's have a
conversation in the comments if you live
in Arizona and you love it there or you
hate it there talk to us about it if you
live in Utah and you love it or you hit
it
talk to us that's you I do I mean we
gotta read in all that I mean you have
to read oh uh pros/cons
we should make a pro/con thing oh no
yeah I do love the seasons and I like
the mountains have grown on me I when I
first moved to Utah so claustrophobic I
was like where's the ocean I'm so
trapped I was tracking all these
mountains but now they now I really
enjoy them but being in Arizona you can
still see the mountains and the
outskirts you know no story pretty I
don't know next time we will talk about
what we want yes what we're looking for
and then we will say our decision Wow
let's see it
let's see your dad what's your dad do
you murmur how go ahead come on so
there's there's this new trend it's been
going on just for about a week it's
called the dad can you please do your
dab dance your debit it lets you down at
the same time at the same time ready set
go
dad together shake no mom just feed me
the food just feed me the food yes we
prayed get your dad out your mouth this
is a normal dinner for us singing and
dancing intermissions happen on the
regular with this one and this one no
joke both of them they're the same
person
Sam beard AB did he said show me your
biggest dad and so on yeah
he went up there into the full routine
with his dab and I laughed out loud -
dad's dead
it only lasted oh yeah oh yeah on the
wrong track baby's a mess because I
tried I tried you sell me put the bib on
her twice she's through to the ground
and she threw it on the ground that's
what she did so my kids a mess I don't
care see that the even bigger mess so I
feed her still most of the time unless
it's like stuff that's not messy yeah I
know
I usually fever the Messier huh you saw
her teeth JT I'm really excited cuz her
little teeth yeah you I keep coming to
huh yeah Mikey yeah you - they're coming
out yeah when are they when you're gonna
lose your teeth how old are you gonna be
probably Apple beaches whoa
Oh
