when you want to wrangle some next
because they are destroying the toy
closet you just spent an hour cleaning
but you can't because they're actually
playing nicely together have I mentioned
that I hate winter oh my gosh you guys I
just heard so much racket heroes on the
false my dad is your high channel and
like no grain you're just doing that toy
closet but they are and whatever snowin
snow today we're stuck inside happy
Monday everyone so pretty look great I'm
feeling great I look a hot mess it
sweats and sweatshirt today for us it's
a order to me John because you don't
want to shovel your car out of the
driveway day let's remember what we did
and now yep least through there together
happy together right right they're
making a mess but they're making it
together okay cancerous ha well so far I
was five just help I'm losing my mind I
hope you guys enjoyed our livestream
last night and I had such a good job so
so nice to just feel like a live stream
are you stuck figure it out you got just
over that predicament so my words of two
or so silly it's getting worse by the
second honestly it's getting worse by
the minute okay I got your these crazies
out of here alright so today someone
tried to scam me this is the third time
in the past two years that people have
tried to scam me the first was a cruise
ship I got a phone call thing I'd want
to cruise ship you're trying to get me
to just put
like a reservation like a down payment
on the reservation the second time was
the IRS leaving a message on my phone
and then I picked up one time and they
said I still owed my text all right to
pay my taxes still which wasn't true and
then the third is today I can't really
show you guys the letter because it has
a lot of personal information on it but
I got a letter in the mail that says a
huge bowl title it does response to this
notice requested they gave me like a
five-day window basically what they said
is as a factory warranty on my car had
expired and that they had special
coverage for me so when we bought our
car actually got pretty much like the
highest package of care as far as
maintenance and warranty etc I just
wanted to be covered so I was thinking
hmm maybe this is actually you know I
got this I got this letter I was like oh
man I don't want to lose out on that I
caught on pretty fast though I'm talking
about this because I think it's
important that people understand that
there are a lot of bad people out there
and they're going to try and take
advantage of you and I feel pretty
computer savvy just like life savvy so i
can understand what's going on and see
things i would say they almost got me
but like I talked to him for a while to
see what was going on because I thought
I was like oh man I don't want to lose
out on this but it's so easy to scam
people these days whether it's on the
phone email this was in the letter and
it kind of freaks me out kind of freaks
me out notice these things that they do
they're super polite way more polite
than someone that's just like getting
paid hourly to be working at a call
center they try and build rapport and
relate to me often I'm going to say that
I need to talk to my wife and I
guarantee they try and relate to that
okay the other thing is they insist on
getting a payment right then and there
they'll continue to like slip it in so
will you be using a credit or debit card
today what will happy even if I'm like
hesitant they also usually don't have
all of your information so they're
asking for certain things the little
little weird come back the other thing
is that Google this a little ploy online
like as soon as I hung up
and everyone said it was a scan I know
there are people that will provide a
service kind of like this but this full
scan as far as I can see on the Internet
yeah hi I was just calling because I got
a letter in the mail in regards to my
factory warranty what is that here in
model of the vehicle you're currently
drinking and what is the number of 56
417 it has a 12,000 miles okay thank you
I actually gave him the wrong house
right I'll take care of you from here
all right okay thank you if I can still
get you under our platinum coverage
while I'm checking you just grab a pen
or something to write with let me know
it you're right it does i'm going to
have 125,000 miles of protection until
22-23 latif that matches up alright I'm
back with a pen okay good news for you
your vehicle does qualify for the
Platinum coverage business will hover
technical for the next few years or up
to 100,000 miles now just that when your
vehicle was new this will cover the
engine transmission drive axle
suspension and steering dual system air
conditioning even all the computers and
the high-tech electronic natural
repellent would you be taking your
vehicle back to the honda dealer or
super local again probably the local
mechanic then okay that's great because
you know what this protection plan is
actually gives you a couple options one
is that you can pick the dealer of your
choice for repair
and the most rich you're gonna pay for
we had another done there this comes a
new lease of entry not being in Britain
which also includes towing 24-hour
roadside assistance and a rental car so
mr. scaly we can get your ad to pilot
under protection again for the next six
years for just 5 75 565 per year and if
you multiply that times the six years of
coverage your total investment is only
30 3 90 persons you manage into the fire
139 he made so the dial payment of the
395 can do that with a debit card or
credit card which method would work for
sure oh I feel like oh man sorry I
didn't know I was actually gonna have to
pay like a down payment today I feel
like I should probably talk to my wife
about it well yeah I understand where
you're coming from I mean you know I'm a
married guy by myself and you know
whenever there's anything wrong with
cars you know she just throws the key to
me oh yeah told me to take care of it
you know I really think that the
language happier knowing that you know
she's secure the future of your vehicle
just a small down payment yeah I just
thought we're really trying to budget
right now and so I I mean you know what
what the average with these days
probably a couple thousand bucks well
you're close it's probably like 1500 I
mean I don't know about you but I said
good you know payam $1,500 repair bill
but 100 hours comfortable you know is
the down payment seem a little high 40
or the monthly I'm inviting up job those
areas with that big easier for him yeah
in my what's your time zone their
Mountain finishing you
where you good looking haven't st. Louis
Missouri so I'm in the Midwest I've
gotten like 340 right now as you in 240
yeah are you a Cardinals fan are you
kidding absolutely hey how about them
cubbies though whoo can I world
seriously you know what I gotta I gotta
handle John I mean you know what just
work bit rivals with them you know I'm
really happy for him to be honest with
let's say I've worked there back in 87 i
ran the deluxe suite and then I came
back again in 2003 in 2004 I ran the
Cardinal club lounge he got got a dexter
fowler now from the club yeah yeah I
know that but in there like some issues
with him with I don't know this whole
thing with like I don't know if his wife
is allowed to come here so that's going
on I don't I'm not sure it could heard
about that yet yeah it's something to do
with you know how Trump is not allowing
you know like oh maybe it is wife is not
a senior citizen citizen now or
something like the trend of tequila you
know and so she's not real happy I know
and I would sit in the very first row in
right field in the you know right like
it the right fielder would look behind
and look up I was like right the
recording ended because it I think
economic record 12 minute clips on here
he then told me that his friend just
bought the same cars me oh what a
beautiful car carnal sins don't talk
like that like to cub said like nutella
tell me how beautiful Wrigley Field is
how much he loves you know how happy was
which I've seen that from something but
like the report they join build with you
is insane now last time I talked to them
they then connected me to another
specialist that lowered the price we
kept the down payment kind of like the
same
because that's all they're worried about
they just want to get that instant cash
200 bucks during the books in this case
is like 350 or something I don't know
and then he said like this person I
talked to to the same exact thing I
heard it three or four times I'm oh yeah
I'm married to oh yeah you know it's
terrible you know yeah a little above
that guy was a little less adamant I'm
sure he's like fist pumping I know could
you feel like we felt like we made a
connection and he's going to call me
back tomorrow I made up a customer ID
never liked it made one up a barely
register visit would shouldn't they know
what my car is shouldn't they know what
the years if they're going to already
back it up I don't feel like that call
was as evil as my first call they were a
little less aggressive be careful i know
there are services out there that are
probably real like this but people will
try and scam you they'll do anything for
it and it's kind of scary so be safe
take your time if someone's forcing you
to make a decision on the phone that
quickly and doesn't want you to talk to
your spouse or someone important your
lies like that like that's messed up so
be careful this has been your samick
vlogs scam PSA what is up good people of
the internet that are watching this
video right now we got more snow today
fun what's the heck but no ich will be
in florida i know i keep talking about
that because i'm so excited today i am
doing a massive cleanup of the closet
clothes a courage this happens like once
a year usually when we're moving and we
have currently been in our place for
exactly a year we've been in this place
right here for a year it's 220 am I
think we're officially done moving out
and this is it as is it how is it kind
of emotional because we've had so many
memories here and the people that are
about to move in they said no idea
hey bud hey so you home just for you
this now I can think come on that their
heads going to the show come on expose
your mask on to know it we are on our
way to get the keys to our new house
right here feels weird to me still yeah
definitely weird o.o know that night
there we go little worm but we'll make
another year of memories here yeah
fallacy will be born in this house and
we've been back and Logan for two years
having moved in Salt Lake so it's time
for a purge it's time to donate things
it's time to clean up and propels you to
that more often but I some stone a niche
today oh man yesterday we had a baby
guys we had a baby the summarizes moms
right here like a juggling act hey yeah
your eyes open what's up pretty girl
know how to feel right now lighter skin
lighter hair she's old ain't here oh
love you miss you there's gin I'd say
she's ready to get out
are you gonna come say hi no look at
Falu just wearing a bony could be really
gentle soft gentle I like you thank you
daddy CP I call this that's right here
all of this this is like the disaster
before the cleanup I the room get the
mess here before it gets cleaner third
movie of the day no and I have had a
pretty productive day long in a day Sam
is halfway extend clean up all
disclosing set upstairs awesome no now
it's the store although I shouldn't want
to drive because it was almost asleep
that's okay he'll go sleep easy tonight
now we just made some dinner tables a
mess we made I made orange chicken and
fried rice but I have learned that my
children do not like orange chicken I
found something to do not like and his
orange chicken watching finding dory we
watched we rented stork today watch that
one was pretty good is all right and
then we watched part of like an animal
Disney animal kingdom monkey movie from
on demand that was pretty good wow it's
so pretty outside look at these
mountains you guys all it doesn't do it
justice it was so pretty like a minute
ago look how beautiful they are we're so
close to them we are working on right
now well be walking to pronounce it
wanted
and he just wanted me he's assaulted day
and she's also really goofy whoa then
she also did the thing do you think were
you looking at you wow this is a
lightweight she looked under her legs
looking for their sibling there he's got
10 out I just broke my foot know it also
decides that he wants to try walking
right yeah yeah just watch she has this
hold his hand and he walks like a woman
here goes Noah you become you want to
dance oh boy you guys don't even know
what's about to lose control I want to
go here we go here we go I'll introduce
it careful plz dance Susie then shake in
abuddin big fishy dancer little belly
doin no she's not okay open your night
come here kayvyun you oh my god his
mouth dropped open hey do you give me a
kid you guys so grown I'm open he hates
like Ali waking either cut or anything
you will come hear me we can safely come
on line up what do you think okay that
gray let's get you girl would you think
let me get you do you have your time
neck thing or not you know don't you do
you know you know you know yeah Nick
she's coming for you
and then the tour of the stadium down
and then in 06 in the new stadium I ran
the Cardinal club lounge of them that's
when they won the World Series that year
I was there I yeah t-shirt I have
pictures of me with the world series
trophy nothing
