more snow yep day 5843 and we're still
getting spit do you want to play in the
snow you still have you're eating a
popsicle though
should we go father John and see if we
can get any cool shots okay from no snow
back to like what is that eight inches
of foot I refuse to wear like proper
snow gear anymore remember shoveling I'd
shovel the whole driveway shorts and
sneakers I'm ready for summer or Florida
good sweet world
thank you watch Samko vlogs working on a
new intro I haven't been posting the
blogs with an intro because the last
time I posted it I got flagged and like
yeah I was like what the heck
so I am working on new ones someone
coming to that the other day first off
shot to audible for sponsoring our video
today you guys all know that we love
audible and that we love reading and I
read every single day and I listen to
books all the time and so audible we
love we love it so much so what they're
offering you guys today is that you can
go to their website audible.com slash
sanika and you can get a free 30 day
trial witching will include a free title
of your choice the book that I'm going
to start listening to is the power of
habit Jenna has been obsessed with I
always call it a glass the glass they're
having yes glass which they also have
but they have a ton of other different
books that you can choose from as well
so if you guys want to get the special
deal you need to access it from your
computer your Mac or your PC go to
audible.com slash sanika you can check
it out and then you can listen on your
phone computer tablet devices as you
guys know they've been a huge sponsor of
our channel we're super grateful for
them
it's amazing service I have to pretty
much listen to something if I'm in the
car driving just to stay alert and a
or if I'm working outside in the yard or
anything like that when I'm at the gym
or something like that so awesome Jen
recommends absolutely I'm saying over
the past couple bucks the ruin of glass
so yes I've read that let us know or you
can go and listen to it today or if
there's a different book that you find
on there that you're listening to let me
know because I love good suggestions of
other books she's kind of obsessed
there's a link in the description check
that out enjoy your book hey what are
you doing back there
hey these little explorers gotta go find
ya absolutely
back of the closet can you spot an LP
can you can you I spy a Noah scooping up
some sauce and I got some buttered
chicken that looks good my man you ready
to eat you're a good boy uncle boy oh
we're gonna go bowling yeah what do we
have to do before we eat though should
we say a prayer okay do you want to say
it oh for mommy yeah yeah
well yeah today it's kind of a funny day
Jen is actually with her friends right
now they are having like a photo class
reunion a bunch of the people that were
in the program they all got together in
Sandy Utah I think and they're just
reminiscing talking catching up maybe
talking about what they're working on
now family I don't even know what's
going on maybe Jen got some clips I on
her phone I'm not sure exactly but she's
off with Penelope they're doing that so
me and my man right here what's your
name yeah what's your last name know
what Anderson my son right there we are
eating Indian food we haven't had Indian
food in a while so no I got some butter
chicken and I got some spicy chicken
tikka tikka masala which I'm about to
eat one of our goals as far as saving
goes for the house is that we're trying
not to eat out as much when you have
kids it becomes even easier to eat out
because if they're acting crazy and it's
towards dinner time sometimes you're
just like hey let's get a pizza or let's
get this and that just affects your
wallet and your health so we've actually
done a pretty good job at making more
food at home trying to think could we
not this week oh yeah we did we end up
with yeah that's exactly when we ate out
huh
where did we go we went to blue lemon
mm-hmm was that fun you want to do it
again for sure maybe you'll go see him
this summer yeah okay do you want to go
to their house yeah the crunchy house
yeah so yeah treating ourselves a little
bit tonight having a good time how's
your house your food yeah he's a really
good eater guys we've mentioned that a
lot Penelope - Indian food he loves it
is this one spicy
this one always like sometimes it's
super spicy other times it's just a
little bit spicy
what do you have spicy do you think it's
gonna be today you think we're gonna get
a spicy batch oh it seems seems pretty
spicy seems seems like someone had a
heavy hand with the spice yeah which I
like I'm down for that
yeah I'm not a big fan of like eating on
camera but yeah see if there's a spicy
oh yeah it's a good batch you happy
let's go okay we gotta clean up and then
where are we gonna go yep he just handed
me this and he said dad you hold on to
that cuz now he's gonna clean up the
rice that fell in the ground so this is
going really well
yeah all right maybe you have this rate
we might have to go bowling tomorrow
okay you want me to clean up I
appreciate you okay you hold it and I'll
do the sweeping good idea okay okay put
it down I've seen my nature bow coupling
oh so my peg pull through
alright man raaah cleaned up let's get
going
oh yeah get it
do I get a rebuttal that nah he's like
Oh psych no no no not today
get the turkey
who loves so recently NOAA has had this
like a fear of the shower and he doesn't
want to take a bathtub and Penelope love
the bathtub she's obsessed she's
constantly splashing just pulled up on
the shower thing but that wasn't a scare
Noah because it's been like scaring him
and I blocked the shower like this so
that no one wouldn't be scared of it
says he just bluffing the little tab and
it all started dripping out of here and
Jen tried to go fix it oh I see it's all
because no one's having a rough day and
so it's mommy in Honolulu a cold shower
I know he's terrified and now I just got
what oh no oh you're trying to get me it
was pretty funny I'm not gonna lie
