we what just got back from bouncing
slide it was really fun time
you've been deciding to go do things
before bedtime to get a little more
energy out since most of the day we were
inside it cuz it's pretty cold outside
today but you water unfortunately I
think no one developed my sense of
musical tone yeah and usually ends on a
very flat note like me bouncing slide
yeah you know as you make new friends ya
know bedtime yeah you made a new friend
in a mason huh he always meets one
person that I want to be friends with
he's nice usually tries to pick on the
little girls
nice little girls good afternoon
everyone weeks fly but I can't handle
how fast he's go oh sorry just picking
up some food anyway today's been a
clean-up day as usual I feel like every
day's been a clean-up day lately but
today was most importantly get to a
closet cleaned kind of and organized
kind of it still looks a hot mess but at
least it's organized I changed it up I
move this to the side so I can get in a
little bit easier and then just put some
other stuff to the back hopefully it
stays a little bit nice
it looks more cluttered but actually I
think it'll be better I had to hide just
some random things just there like a bin
of stuff animals you know I don't know
like it likes the females no but like my
kids don't play with stuff animals
really you know I wish they did they
only have their one lovey and that's
really it
anyways I kind of tried to get this
little shelving thing organized a bit
more this would be a mess today but
whatever hit some things back there that
I don't really want them to get into um
but put his favorite things here like
there's a bin a play-doh and all the
Stormtrooper toys and stuff like that
all the cars are there I try to make
things like easier access all of his
like masks and things are in that bin
all of his balls are in that bin gonna
have one bin of baby stuff that I put a
bunch of baby stuff away in a bag I
should probably just donate cuz neither
of my kids played with the baby stuff I
don't know what it is my kids don't care
to play with baby stuff they just want
to play with like like she's supposed to
play with Noah's stuff you know what I
mean she'll lose some of her stuff and
then I've just been sleeping and I'm
gonna vacuum again and then this
afternoon my friend Stacy and her kids
Sam and Tyler are gonna come over for a
little playdate so that's one the reason
I've been trying to like kind of there's
rain everything in a bit I've got to
organized the table cause that's kind of
a hot mess
great oh no I was really tired today
everyone actually slept really well last
night he ended up in our bed I don't
even know when or how
and then the baby didn't wake up to eat
until like 6:30 this morning which was
nice and I went back to sleep
so I'm not complaining there but he's so
tired he actually like wanted to go for
a drive today
and so really yeah especially because it
was like 12:30 when he said he wanted to
go for a drive which never ever ever
happens oh he's asleep right now
upstairs it's he's been getting easier
to transfer so that's kind of nice
once he is asleep he used to just like
wake up and be like okay naps over after
a half an hour or 20 minutes but now
he'll like stay asleep but then that I
think it's just going to hang out day
we'll see what goes on later this
afternoon no everyone keeps commenting
on our decorations yes I know I need to
take them down I need to take the lights
down but honestly I'm like well I'll
take these down here you guys happy news
that Christians are down well take the
lights down eventually maybe when we
move maybe say hi oh hi ABCs yeah we're
playing Mario okay this is a tip to use
in the making
finally best friends two years in the
making she'll finally have same a hug
and a kiss to still give them kisses now
oh oh
betrothed they are betrothed to each
other
oh my gosh you have children has
backpacks right now sorry this vlog was
kind of all over the place we have been
doing a lot of just boring things
cleaning up paperwork and everything
ready cuz we are leaving for Florida in
about a week and one day which is crazy
we're gonna meet up with Jen's sister
Rachel and Denver fly to Florida be
there for a week
have fun at Disney Resort we're gonna
see a lot of friends and capping it off
with Charles and Ally's wedding I also
didn't post a vlog yesterday I can't
speak for all youtubers but I think it's
important to take a day off from the
internet you can't just be connected
24/7 or every single day at least that's
from me
right Amy and Jenn and sometimes we take
a day off about once a week and it's
just good just to spend time and not
focus on that eliminate all distractions
no matter what it may be we have a lot
of big decisions coming up we have no
ties or responsibilities like work-wise
here in in Utah where we're living right
now you know so we've been looking at
houses deciding what we want to do we've
been saving money either Monday or
Tuesday we'll talk about kind of where
we stand right now we could move in a
month if we wanted to we could wait a
couple more months we could wait a year
it's a tough decision and it's a big
decision because it will shape the rest
of our life in the next chapter and it's
exciting but scary and I know whatever
decision we make it will work out but
yeah we've been looking and researching
and talking a lot and we'll get you guys
updated on what we what we think we
bounce back and forth every single day
tomorrow we're gonna plan on doing a
live stream in the afternoon if I had to
guess I'd say it'd be about three
probably 3 p.m. Mountain Standard Time
so that's five o'clock Eastern around
there more or less I'm gonna do it on
our YouTube channel here I'll tweet out
a link when we're about to go live to
maybe you will do a live Q&A maybe we'll
do a live challenge post in the comments
which you rather see if it's a chow
I can make sure I have all this stuff if
we need materials tonight to do tomorrow
Jen's out at a photo reunion for college
and I'm gonna get this vlog up and well
it is up now because you just saw it
hope you guys are having a great weekend
we love you guys thank you for your
support every single day we will see you
tomorrow
live peace
no pee blow kisses again mwah goodnight
goodnight
