so who got our livestream I think at one
point we had over a thousand people
watching we did it for about 45 minutes
it was a lot of fun the worst day of the
year it has been the worst day of the
year
now we're gonna even worst day do you
think we only have two and a half hours
left of the day so it has been the worst
day think about it yeah I know
today today guys insert any gift you can
think of or the person's like cuz today
my people wow what a day that's all I'm
gonna say guys remember what I said my
lesson was about the constant life hard
times moments difficulties there's gonna
be days that are rougher than others and
sometimes it's gonna be a lot more
serious than what we're going through
but it's the variable is how you handle
it and I think we did all right
so fast-forward to the time where Jen
was gonna rest put peih-gee down for a
nap she wasn't fat yeah moments later we
hear screaming no no screaming I walk
out to go wake her up and I just smell I
can smell poop I mean I Mel it from the
wall yeah I heard with her door closed
and I walk in and it's just poop not so
any good the poop Picasso I just don't I
can't
again yeah we we attack cuz we got the
onesies you know how's the spaghetti
good yes and you learned your lesson huh
we talked for a while right right baby
yes yes say bike a bat what are the
words you know how to say hmm
can you say ba ba we're trying those new
diet coke drinks just cuz no I'm doing
it for my mom I actually looked online
to see if I could have them shipped to
her like a little surprise but here it's
not in the Midwest no they are but you
just can't really order it online that I
found like Amazon or anything I like
that
is it good yeah it's very subtle that
means he's great
because how was your guys day not to get
TMI but there was a lot of red pepper
involved in that night there was also
some old candy and Christmas goodies
that were found and I think that might
have been what it was because the
bounce-back was super fast we haven't
seen any other symptoms except for that
moment I think we're okay yes I jump off
the bed and I'm just like doing like
trying to wake him up that's when you
mean the chair banging yes mom but can
you do this next morning okay come here
here it was before Christmas right for
Thanksgiving I don't remember you said
you get your haircut
what do you want to cut like that
just cuz that's it my favorite movie so
you said bye-bye
what you going oh he's first the kids
than me I'll go this afternoon
let me see that here before and after
coming soon in a mohawk no I know what
do you want your hair cut like I want my
hair like hi Ranger which part you ran
one time yeah have you seen that so do
the green one in it the Red Ranger is
Mike hey PJ are you excited
he is so excited she keeps running over
to the chair getting ready to run in
wait wait wait you gotta wait your turn
I know right
hey liking your haircut yeah are you
wearing a cape look how fast it takes to
cut little girl hair she's like okay
awesome look at you do a little spin do
a little spin let's see this haircut
whoa jeez jeez well the kids got their
cut down so I'm gonna get mine trimmed
guys in like middle school in elementary
school this was my hair bangs just like
this I think I should bring it back yeah
look good it's funny because it was the
same way I was he just wants to wear his
hair down and then also he doesn't want
to wear jeans ever he just wants to wear
stretchy shorts and my mom can correct
me if I'm wrong but I believe all
through elementary school and some of
middle school I didn't want to wear
jeans either I just wanted to wear
stretchy I think I wear sweatpants all
through elementary school and I just
wanted to chill you know be relaxed why
not what do you think of my hair
now it's winds take my hair my hair but
now we're here another day later
and it's great see you guys tomorrow
he's a little blanket ball over here
