oh my goodness oh my
good morning sweet we are gonna do a
quick shoe in boxing today we're heading
to Salt Lake City we're gonna be
spending time with my sister holiday
here what is this
Noah's shoes we're actually gonna do a
fun giveaway on my Instagram I guess
we'll post it on Jenn's - or maybe just
mine I don't know but we have a special
ship main image
what are they your shoes we have an
extra pair here kit size that we want to
give out 18 guys and they're pretty cool
super hard to get sold out let's do an
unboxing okay what does that say what's
that number five zero you say 350 okay
Noah so you know that says was that say
yeah it says boost check it out right
there no shoes okay dude you got your
favorite shirt on right now - oh my
goodness it's like your birthday oh my
goodness are you know where him today
what do you think man
are we gonna be matching we got to take
care of these cuz these are going to
sissy - Penelope's gonna get these Oh
straight two feet look at the with the
white socks and head navy pants how they
fit Wow
they do smell got some room to grow
yes whenever we get the kids shoes we
always go bigger than they really are so
that they can at least wear them for the
like a year and Noah's been wearing the
same shoes for about a year and a half
so let me see those oh wait wait a
second
Oh are we matching we're matching dude
it's gonna be a good day what you think
sis you like them we're gonna save those
for you too so these are the easy v2 350
bread colorway and the quality on them
is actually just like the adult version
insane I don't know if you guys can see
that super comfortable the quality is
amazing got the boost on the bottom this
is exactly like the adult version only
its kids crazy oh man are we ready to
take on the day or what so we get in the
car and go let's go man
we were able to get two pairs this is a
eight eight kids and I'm gonna do a
giveaway on the Instagram for you guys
so if you have a kid a niece and nephew
and you want them to get some really
sweet shoes
stay tuned my Instagram is in the
description I'm almost there within the
next day or so we're headed down see my
sister and her family
it's very gloomy outside today very very
gloomy
but the mountains look pretty beautiful
little snow they look like little
snowcat City movie theater
welcome look at Jenin area lipstick she
says it's a little wedgies caught I
don't think it's both you look beautiful
looks good no I just has to look out at
every single piece of glass
check out he has to look at all the
water
he's to look at all the fish
so if we walk anywhere it takes like 20
minutes but you know that's that parent
life
okay you ready what do you see from here
you see two fish from here oh yeah
the cool thing about this place it's
called City Creek is that the roof can
open and close so today it's rainy and
snowy
so they actually closed it and also
during the winter I think they often
closed it because they keep it nice and
a perfect temperature in here
I was just thinking about that house I
was just thinking about that I was like
we should recreate this I wish I had my
camera with me but it's in the car cuz
we have a picture of knowing here at
City Creek just chillin and this is the
finale is like the same age as he is all
right should we keep going oh you want
to look at this first okay
oh yeah look at those the koi fish okay
you know you got to put the sneakers out
I know it's checking them out making
sure they're all good they good I like
these ones that just came out it's like
the all-star Jordan one colorway is
pretty cool I'm not getting it though
Jen likes these ones I think those are
pretty nice
I like those I like this and I really
like these my favorite sneaker boot is
definitely these those are too small but
you just got shoes oh yes I could rent
those today
now this store is trouble this is
trouble Jed what are we doing what are
we doing to ourselves look at all this
stuff I know but who's that
this Chuy's jacket oho this stormtrooper
hat this is actually amazing out here
look at this Jen Jen like this oh and
all these stormtrooper costumes oh my
goodness if only was Christmas again I
would have definitely gotten him that
that is perfect for know all right there
Penelope what do you think of all this
oh I love that kind of reminds me of
Penelope I know it so cute first
birthday so I always like picking out
toys for the kids and I kind of like
them too I had to pick another one out
here at the store this would be it I
really like this one the animations
collection the go
he asked idiot
Valentin's I think we're gonna make it
out without buying anything knows been
really good at putting everything back
even Penelope has to
who waiting for now Pippa who else
Darby who else
whose Christi's husband Jason I think
they're here we're sweating from Rick
show up I still say that to people hey
what's up
we made it fam reunited feels so good
except it's like snowing raining right
now ENFP skiing today for a second time
every first that was yesterday fourth
cold yeah we're gonna go swimming DRB
why not dar see White House team it's
fun every second time ever today we we
may live in Utah but we're not a
mountainous skiing family of Chicago
baby although I don't know if this will
fit this summer that's a pretty good now
but gonna fit this summer when you get
bigger you're so cute
yeah so ready to go you ready go swim
what are you doing you guys look like
you're matching did you go pee in the
toilet that's you did you go pee pee in
the toilet
good here Noah here well I don't know if
anter up hold that for a second oh my
goodness sneak peek it it says what
Florida's gonna be like love those
glasses that Noah hated okay I'm ready
they were thinking I swimming that
they're doing okay so Darby stop the
music
okay begin
I'm not very nice
okay and this is doc I think this is
more dogs right now you Sam this is bad
right now yeah and you like my hair like
this good but I keep telling my mom this
PJ voiceovers I think olive wine he come
back
all over the media catch your breath
she's the things I've worried
I got a Leonardo DiCaprio here hey
update us on what you're doing in your
life right now what's this you've been
you have a knitting channel don't you
I've also I'll see the iris I see it
wait so that's a shawl yeah it's a saw
let's put the bag right now
I like it so what are you doing Christy
last knits oh that's hard I can't really
see it so I need this hat actually my
friend gifted me this sparkly blue and
then I bought some cashmere to make this
yeah good I knit that looks that looks
like it was made in China I'm saying
it's like it just looks so pretty it
looks like like a machine did it got it
that's what he means anyway yeah I need
this but I opposed three videos a week
and something exciting coming up in
March and we're having manche on my
channel which means which means we're
celebrating men in the fiber arts in
March it's called match so if you're a
man who likes Annette or you want to
hear from men who knit that's what's
coming up in March it's man but anyway
I've talked too long about it already I
can tell but we haven't been posting
regular glass bossy vlogs because I've
been totally focused on my Christa
cousins Channel I do like three videos a
week there but I'm trying to throw like
one up to glass posse a week I'm trying
but it's hard because I I'm just I'm
really working hard on this channel so
it's going great
you like my channel yeah you're gonna be
on it
because she's knitting her first garment
the kimono and when she's done she's
gonna do a special health episode right
in the Knitting world they call him
podcast they call everything up HOD cast
and I don't really consider amount of
podcast I consider dad channel because
I'm doing videos like field trips and
about like all kinds of things aren't
bombing interviews all kinds of things
so if you have any interest at all and
knitting and some people watch if you
don't knit also actually but Jenica
doesn't watch it I'm sorry I was skiing
one word not my jam not my dear and
there you have it we snuck into the
Marriott they're not even staying here I
only went first one
okay we gotta get going soon too fast
too fast
yeah and then Christmas we're all sick
what's so quick quick wasn't that quick
Noah Jeff won Penelope it was really fun
okay let's go table when they saw be
nice Lobby sneaking out sneaking out
maduk revolving-door I so love these
things as a kid I was like the clothes
thing in the world
Thank You Marriott it was a fun adding
super quick but I'm glad we were able to
get dinner together it's funny that the
city girls are skiing I think they're
having a fun time now
hey Geo fun with your cousin's we were
gonna get a room at the hotel but we
decided put it towards the house sings
fund I don't anything do we even buy
anything today so the first time we've
come up to City Creek when we don't live
here
haven't buying yes smoothies and dinner
pretty good
alright let's get in the car didn't look
like anyone's hurt she's getting towed
back full of us it's really slushy yeah
when we were going to dinner there was
blizzarding outside in Salt Lake so I
guess the same storm was hitting
Kanyon somebody we weren't driving
through that it's always but now it's
all slushy and stuff take it God take a
slow time T snow we had a really fun
time with our family always be the
custard up all of our family
it's our sleep and
we're tired and ready to go home oh my
gosh I don't think the plows have not
been through
there's so much snow I'm unlike mother's
on the road right now
don't even know what's going on it is
pretty icy oh my goodness we made it
home safely I can't believe it's snowing
again I'm so grateful that we're going
to Florida in less than two weeks it's
gonna be great the kids are gonna love
swimming we might have to do two some
days I think we'll definitely have to
Beach slash swim days anyways see you
guys tomorrow love you
no product just sleep right this right
