hello good morning good morning do you
know we need to bring back no I've been
doing it a lot wreck Riverside oh no
chief Amica Dana what's up we've been
doing a lot of rock-paper-scissors
lately and who's the winning me actually
like heaven I looked up some how to get
into your head rock-paper-scissors
strategies so today we have a lot of
boring work to do I have a lot of
invoices to send and brands to talk to
and phone calls
so really thundering and raining out so
yes so I'm gonna post the clothing haul
that Jen filmed yesterday but the vlog
was ready like 16 minutes I didn't
included
she went to Old Navy and Sam's Club and
bought a bunch of clothes for friends
and their babies also some so there I
got the buy for so many people have yeah
that's right you seems like every day
when a very friendly I saw that crazy
Everett seven boys now like close
friends from college and then tomorrow
we're gonna head down to Salt Lake
because my sister Christy and her family
are in town they're skiing and just
getting acclimated with mountainous
things things so we're gonna go see them
possibly you might stay at the hotel
possibly might come home but I think
we'll go swimming and have a fun time
without you don't have dinner or
something yeah for sure for sure so
enjoyed today's clothing haul we don't
buy the kids clothes often so it's kind
of fun when we do and we obviously share
that right so most of their stuff has
been hand-me-down so far but Penelope is
gonna be super cute and fashionable this
summer I'd rather spend money on their
clothes than myself good morning sweet
world look at this fashionista there
show me your fit man let's see I'll
start out Oh TV you got the Hat got the
beanie that you just put on is that a
new shirt you got with mommy who's on it
Darth Vader will color your pants got
some like green sweatpants joggers and
what are those right there my Jordans
what number can you say cement force
who's on it who's on your shoe Michael
Jordan yeah do you know what kind of
shoes those are those are Jordan fours
weights immense
play not doing much today no I look like
Tina 82 okay so we're going to Florida
and we're really excited and I have
nothing for the baby so I heard these
cute little these are from Sam's Club
actually
this cute little goofy peep all right so
back to what I was saying I got her
these cute little like onesie pieces
little things on the bum so that they'd
be nice to Florida I don't want to talk
too heavy on cut pretty light so got
this cute little one this one has a
little kitty cat on it okay and these
were like five bucks five bucks they're
gonna her this cute little jumpsuit I
actually bought this for my cousin's
baby girl as well because it was really
cute super affordable and I heard this
one to these these two are first summer
they'll be too big for right now and is
going up besides I went to 18 months for
the summer just because she's so tall
she's in like 12 months stuff right now
so hopefully those are they'll be a
little baggy but they'll be fine
lengthwise is where she though they're
super cute overall and it's like soft
overalls for December and I might have
gotten matching one of this and another
little cute overall set for Michelle
Pearson's little baby girls cuz babies
it's markridge Abigail no um this oh
I'll show you what I got first
this is the one I got for my cousin's
little baby girl so cute and then these
are the little matching over most
fearsome twins and then Gary this is
that this cute little sunshine set I got
for Carly's little baby and then I need
to get something for kalium how much oh
maybe because everything this is remote
maybe from Carly for Carly spokes baby
boy yeah
I'm so so cute little sunshine but those
are sweet for the summer
okay back to my children a few more
things just because I literally don't
have any summer spring stuff for her
like at all I don't have anything except
for some like dresses which is a little
bigger
okay know who's fun please just watch a
Disney movie or something raccoon got
him two pairs of shorts no this is the
shirt I got here my favorite baby so
cute of course you need a new storm
trooper coming I got this cute shirt he
wanted some Superman jammies
he told me up to Eva's hold back his
buddies got it but this thing is huge
I'm gonna do all here people
okay Penelope from Old Navy I got her
this Latin Z these are all like $4 these
one piece this little red wine oh these
are more to like start wearing now she
doesn't have any ones using all her long
ones are getting too tight up this guy
so flower one you're so cute
got her to pants I got heard this cute
t-shirt nice cream in the back back
house it got a little flappy it's so
cute
a little pair of shorts for one we're in
Florida the little pink shorts I got her
this for the summer she had outfit like
this last year when she's a little baby
cute little like kind of denim onesie
they're so cute
and then I got first more jammies she
has been sleeping so much better since I
started putting her in like not as hot
jammies she does not like nice jammies
she gets too hot I can't stand waking
her up I don't really know and then the
best part these were like only a couple
dollars
four dollars I almost got her clear ones
too but I think refrain I'll only get
her one no one gonna get any I don't
give any shoes yeah because I just don't
know what to even get him I almost
gotten them sandals yeah those like
super super my said oh I'm so I guess I
put it back or something oh you're
saying Oh stupid everything was so fake
pretty good though so personal wait a
little bit longer I tried to get a few
things because supposedly he goes with
fast and it's all the same awful story
no I could have gotten way more stuff
but I did enough damage
are you watching sleeps anyway the kids
baby friends okay count
see you love doing high fives and giving
kisses now it's so great
no TV facial hair it's simplest any type
of facial hair she will not give him
kisses she always turns away she'll give
me kisses watch hey just kidding no
kisses just high-five
