hey where we're going see animals where
Tyler time yes uh what yeah MJ and Chloe
are gonna be there yeah show me your hat
what kind of hat is that stormtrooper
hat yes so my friend Melissa actually
texted me I haven't seen her in forever
home with Chloe I don't seen them in a
long time and because she's pregnant boy
and we're really excited so she's just
been sick a lot and everyone's just been
out of town for holidays and like things
turns being sick yes I know we're going
it's you tell me that's animal day I was
like Oh weeks I wasn't really gonna come
my friend Tara texted into this they
were coming to knows like oh sweet I've
seen her in forever either cuz she they
have been sick a lot too and it just
hasn't worked out she's been so busy so
I'm excited to see my friends but I can
already see that there is literally a
line to come to tall our time today a
line outside I guess everyone heard that
it's an animal zoo day it is a little
crazy a little crazy no we're not going
bowling we're seeing the animals oh that
little animal jig oh you're so excited
zmj but here hold man there's cars cute
boy well just like on Saturday everyone
decided to come here I guess it's
presidents weekend literally the whole
town
it's here in Paris back there
look it she's gonna walk by Noah
there you go
okay
your dad would be so proud Noah
okay okay so in my base we just got a
special package who's it from no
baseball oh it's - no Andersen baseball
it says on it
Anderson family who's in the Anderson
family that's all this Noah it's for me
you sissy and mommy yeah that's what it
says who sent it the Cubs sent it
there's a cog Oh Cubs oh ok so the other
day on Twitter I had tweeted out that we
had gotten an email from the Chicago
Cubs I could not believe that they
emailed us I was so excited and I wanted
to tell you guys what the email said it
said dear Jenica Sam Noah and Penelope
the Chicago Cubs organization wants to
thank you for being such great Cubs fans
I've seen on your daily vlog channel how
much your family loves the Cubs using
your platform to support the Cubs it
means so much to us I was like wow they
saw walks that's crazy I know recently
you're out in Mesa and unable to see
much of our facilities because they
weren't open for spring training season
quite yet
we went out to Dean Jerry's wedding we
wanted to stop by the park to see it we
knew it was closed we were kind of said
that the sign was like on the inside
and it was really cool to see all the
facilities on the outside anyways but
they said we wish you were able to take
in
we wish you're able to take a game in in
2017 and we hope you'll reach out to us
in the future if you're in Chicago for a
game this summer we'd love to get you a
family picture on the field after a game
or on Sundays throughout the season
knowing Penelope can run the bases after
the game if you have P o box or an
address we'd love this in your family
some Cubs goodies as a small token of
our appreciation thank you again for
your continued support of our
organization we hope to see you in
Chicago for game this summer thanks and
go Cubs how awesome is that how cool is
that I would not be getting this email
though if it weren't for you guys and
your constant support and your interests
and the things that we're interested in
and I just was blown away it's so cool
we'll definitely go to Chicago and see
the Cubs play I
this year can you see me Noah yeah you
see me yeah okay
look at watch what I'm filming everyone
film right here nope I'm just gonna open
up the back touch that
thank you sure go Cubs Thank You Chicago
Cubs go Cubs go okay go open it in the
back oh I think we got a blanket a cups
linkit oh look at this first what is it
wait no wait
but Daniel thing this thing is packed
seriously juicy yeah one thing at a time
baby okay one thing is oh boy that looks
good for daddy so that's for Noah maybe
what is that for me cool no it's open it
oh my gosh that is so cute a Cubs money
that's like a good ass game blanket you
keep for games what's that sure sure
belvane oh who are fed that's a
difference you let go what's that Vienna
beef oh cool these more hampers what's
it like mints or something what is it
okay briefcase with headphones
oh cool cute those are cute headphones
I'll take this oh no tell you put your
guys in there No
cool is it oh yeah Oh cute no you gotta
do laundry hamper that is so cute Clark
I love that little Clark hamper that's
perfect that's perfect
what's in that one probably more
headphone away is that right no way no
way that's amazing what do you say that
we see that is so cute that is really
cute little cups net like these posters
mm-hmm like server rants cool you like
your hamper go put your dirty clothes in
it Hey look there's a poster for you and
sissy and then what's in all of those
envelopes
yeah I'm wondering like a letter or
something I understand family read that
one first Anderson you know Clark Paige
to color all the Cubs player emojis
that's awesome these other stickers
that's even cooler yes
they're so cool there's very cool
texture still on there yeah really nice
Sports Illustrated wow that's awesome
that's really cool no they're supposed
to the championship one's cool World
Series champions woman oh my god it's so
nice hey open those envelopes hey kids
open that first one yeah it says uh this
is on it Anderson family let's go Cubs
did you open his closing Sanford yeah
Jenica Sam no I'm Penelope thank you
very much for your support of the
Chicago club's cuts and close are some
Cubs goodies some of the kids like to
grow into we look forward to seeing you
at Wrigley Field this summer yes we will
be there look at you put on your dirty
clothes in there perfect thanks buddy
so they actually in their email to us
they said that if you're interested in
going to a game they would I think
they'd help us get some and they say we
get a picture on the field and also if
you watch your game that the kids can
run the bases yes which be awesome thank
you baby
no these are moms so here is there's
another on the back was very cool sick
that's a bit cool good field stick angle
field 100 years okay go put it in your
room I like I don't like ruin the
sticker it's a really cool sticker so
cool it's okay we could probably find
those on Amazon I just I probably get a
package in the Cubs I know it's really
cool what do you say that you saved it
I'm salvaged it is too like season
ticket holders probably huh so we're
probably getting some the goodies that
they send in the season ticket holders
so cool
oh it's when you say that because I
think this this one actually has let's
go Clark
those are cute got some stick US sticker
yeah I put one of those on your
basketball hoop those are cool Joe
Maddon here is
and Clark Clark Clark sign that for you
that's so cute he's your friend
would we say to the Cubs go Cubs go go
Cubs go Club so nice thank you Cubs that
was amazing
we'll see you in Chicago this summer we
will definitely go to a game
yes it's very fun and exciting Noah has
so excited to get this package
oh gosh she was you could barely wait to
open it this morning you freaking look
like dad because okay it's gonna look
way better when it's long you look like
you're from Whoville no I look like Tina
82 you look like dad like I work for Al
Capone you look like dad you how did you
like train you're here to do that yeah
I've been doing it for the last life
spark this hair part wallet so I want to
grow my hair out but it's short to do
anything it doesn't comb over like with
a part like I used to do and it's too
short to like be long so I was just like
I like you know screw it I'm going for
the for the center part everyone likes
it
I've gotten like a lot of compliments on
it I just I don't get it
I drool okay I have to show you a
picture in your fish or some have to
show you pictures of like what I'm like
it'll like it'll grow out get longer
it'll fall down like it'll Oh see wanna
be like I'm being like bow I'm gonna be
like trust from Dragon Ball Z like
what's-his-name from oh no it's world no
definitely world no Jake no no it was
Corey and Shannon Sean Sean Sean
okay no oh gosh David why because dude I
read dad's party
dan had that exact dad had that exact
hair cut the exact hair for you buddy
just like I think I look better they
took Hey Dude what's up oh it's right
there
what's in there sis what's up in this
one I look at it in my leaves it looks
like we beat her see his skin Noah he
changes colors to match his surrounding
so he looks like his leaves on him that
one's really cool looking that's okay
she was smiling when Sam first put on
their spider spider girls does whatever
spider girl can do she just no no oh do
you like it
spider-girl sis Oh someone needs some
attention to what it's no estoy oh yeah
Budda Budda Budda
he looks so bootylicious than that whore
squeeze your cheeks spider-man
spider-man Turin
who's on it who's on your shoe Michael
Jordan yeah
