remember how the other day how saying
that I think it's sick I'm eating my
words because I feel like so I
definitely got sick it's all right in my
face and normally when sand gets these
sinus cold I'm like look up conradi
you're fine you know and i'm restin
everything god I don't comfort him as
much as I should but now i'm fully
feeling the things he feels when he is
sick and I get it yeah i definitely
understand the pain and the pressure in
one space and of course today randomly
I'm like yeah I'll queen of the oven
stove top that was a lie in it anyway
but I'm not feeling the best feel the
kind like the hot bath today but that's
ok i will buck up up clinically but
also shout out to my mum it's a birthday
Ali put them up no and I already called
a face hunter and say happy birthday but
I forgot to record it imagine Noah sing
happy birthday everyone i don'ti happy
birthday I love you she just wants the
doritos two had our first taste of nacho
cheese doritos and she's okay what's up
YouTube fan hey what's up sanika how's
it going I just wanted outside of play
today's a rough day I'll tell you why
jessica is sick I had a pretty good bad
cold for a couple days and she was
wearing a lot on youth system a she
never get sick sure enough she got it
out to and when Jenna get sick that's
when I worry most because it really
happens
for the three years of logging oh it
said that about two or three times that
makes pretty good but oh what does that
mean sit oh yeah wasn't me so I I've
been coming up with activities for me
and the kids to stay busy team Jen as
much space as possible to get some rest
so I think that's like my excuse me
so I think this vlog may contain some
random footage for moment lay down
what's the other day spa ball remember
and we were learning Spanish yesterday
yeah what words did we learn you want to
repeat them Kahlan you notice a high in
Spanish hi Amy nice to meet you know do
you notice that you say hi or hello you
say all that hola hola oh you see como
estas come ah nice she's a taco taco
taco taco burrito o Allah wiggle Oh baby
no you know you should learn how to say
this is how you should sign out okay
I'll pee next null me okay what happened
to the Orbeez last night okay I got even
bigger oh my gosh you guys it's left up
most of the water except took all the
one that's creepy last night there was a
little bit of water in here today
there's just day or even a tiny bit of
water there's still water next use
managing to get to the water she's so
funny cool luckily she's not trying to
eat them right now she's like to clean
them everywhere and swing you outside of
the bins that was really cute using
wheat
commences kiba Memphis no I just like
pushing on me I cocky helping the trash
can behind you oh thank you that was to
seize their so really cool into the
weirdest things ever love this one okay
what movies have entertained the kids
most of it yesterday and today huh
that's the only thing is that when they
get super super full baking a squash
them easily and then it turns into this
brokenness I don't know flip it oh they
are sitting in there again good job yeah
yeah if you need us this is where we'll
be today poison with Orbeez I'm still
feeling pretty bad today oh why we have
more of you to play with huh yeah daddy
and now what yeah and now Hey oh yeah I
gotta get the Orbeez in the mail because
we kind of off amazon yeah a lot of
those things kind of awesome they start
up so tiny from this we start out like
this guy this little tiny feet and then
the case not care alot alot oh baby
don't let you have to be huge look at
this okay right that this is crazy hmm I
just found the biggest one yet look at
this oh ok yeah over there I don't sound
of it going to look at this one this one
that I was gonna realize how big this
one is crazy huge Muslim just like start
breaking apart starting to break now I'm
so big we receive and show Sam just be
this nice to throw them and try to eat
them but if I think this playback in oh
can you guys see the difference now like
measles are big this one is huge
try it all these oh please are happy
with you wow that was pretty big there
we go to giant Orbeez let's save them
okay well right thank one really big one
oh my pocket I'm really curious to see
what happens if you freeze Norway has an
unfrozen an RV I'm going to freeze be or
be on to this is broccoli too many
people here today no are you didn't you
both gonna you did it you got up what
smell like there's like a drink a juice
maybe she's on unknown liquid substance
did you you didn't keep it up Wow hi Eva
oh well you're excited so excited
please get up Noah
ah
Oh slow mo oh careful boys careful
careful lovie hi nothing okay Ava no
Penelope don't go that way
oh ok we do give her another hug gave
another head a baguette until another
house oh that's a good hug now PJ a kiss
you're so nice checking in how you doing
um I'm better after letting down you
know the inside where he said that the
camera how about you how are you feeling
today she has your skin I'll cleared up
yeah I'll come back to you I'll come
back to you I'm a hungry we have a
special exception tonight special rule
and that is that we can eat in the
family room because what we can visit
all-star weekend eating some fruit some
burgers we always watch all-star weekend
NBA I was really fun to watch dunk
contest three-point skills the game are
we actually don't even like easily
washable game but always fun to watch
the dunk contest dunk contest yeah
three-point contest and just try and
predict who's going to win I know it hey
remember we're gonna eat over here
though and Noah are you excited for
tonight Oh frozen Orbeez look at their
hard it's like the kind of exploded but
then just froze what does crazy i'm
keeping my hand come on bitch cool i
guess what tastes like we've been
looking on the counter real quick whoa
you're like this little ice balls are
these are frozen for her apron in this
the Amazon review some people put these
like flowers everything strike water
today freezing fish so weird oh look
who's standing in the Orbeez you want to
do it oh nice with you your toes it was
like pressing great the crap it's a lot
of fun a whole day oh yeah I was having
gay boys that's a potato fries that way
hey how's it feel so I got your mind oh
is it feel cool that's cold can I try it
yeah oh I wish you guys could just stick
your hand here oh that's really cool
yeah oh my word no I how do you think
your mum and dad never getting my hands
near gonna be where up square up Oh
being around 300 hi
love you guys thanks for understanding
and thanks for being the coolest YouTube
community channel community whatever in
the world and I mean that
