so I think Peter just might have had an
allergic reaction to something
she's been really fussy today like extra
fussy but I know spreads blotches on her
forehead it was just from like her
dramatically throwing her face into the
carpet and it kind of just like
aggravating her head then I noticed like
splotches dots all over her tummy and
they were on her neck and I think
they're a little bit yeah they're on her
back too
I don't know if it's like little hives
or what but the only thing she had
differently this morning was some butter
I guess she's never had that type of
butter before I should look and see what
that butter is cuz she had a waffle
action or mele does and some apple
slices and those have I've never no
splotches on her I don't think no but
she just got like extra extra fussy
watches on her forehead still nothing is
making her happy today like you allergic
to something in that butter no guys this
baby can't she can't catch a break today
first hives they're finally trying to go
away and then she throws herself on to
Noah's stormtrooper gun and like totally
busts up her face it looks awful I feel
like she's going through what giving
like way more alleys on herself the Noah
ever did at her age I feel like Noah
didn't really fall over she's kind of
more dramatic and throws herself down
onto things and so she always bunk bunks
her head but man her hives are finally
going away yeah I'm that gun yeah the
big gun he's guns man I need to get them
out of house with this kids a little
obsessed um so yeah her hives on her
belly and back her home
all the way gone she still just has some
hives on her forehead I feel so bad I
like have to test that butter again to
make to like rule things out you know
man just be more aware with this one no
just he was so tough it was just like
nothing I mean she's really tough she
really is
but like he would fall down and bonk his
head and he would just be like I'm fine
I'm just like who are you child you're
like invincible she on the other hand is
a little more more fragile than the big
brother huh yeah what baby
okay you be careful sis she wants to get
down but she'll probably start crying
the second she leaves my side oh you
just put your tool belt
yeah look from granny and Pappaw yeah
yeah okay we got another little
Valentine's matching boys in their
jerseys no it's all about baseball right
now it is from the Johnson family
look at the deck raised the candies my
candy one of them is for sissy yeah open
he poked me oh how dad help you can see
mutual trolls what to say - Penelope
from sweet in oh no I think it's a
little tattoo no stickers tattoo maybe I
don't know something we all know Oh YUM
shipping this one just ago - Noah from
Olivia can you say thanks Olivia thanks
Peyton oh I'm sure you do thanks guys
 you yeah that is sugar Wow the
state of this
is just terrible it's always been like a
terrible mall there's nothing every year
but the only two stores that I would
pretty much go to with Noah lately are
now gone
well three actually footlocker gone
completely no more sneakers here fans
where they have all the sports apparel
gone and the tricks in store gone all we
got now are these toys that you can pay
like 50 cents to read and they're not
even worth it in this spaceship you guys
have seen the vlogs
yeah also the bouncy balls still and
there's dispensers which I have never
cared about Wow look at this journeys
gone whatever this place was gone ah but
they still haven't know his favorite
store Bath and Body Works where he was
smell literally everything every sample
every candle man they don't even have
the right ice cream at the future years
yeah I got you rainbow okay oh there's a
spoon inside
oops
that's right
whoa that's our what do you think do I
get it's pretty good huh
kind of sour it's like Captain Crunch
cereal
despite all that though I'm having a
really good time with Noah because I've
dreamed of days where we can just sit
across from each other like this and
share a meal or share a little ice-cream
he's kind of like keeping it to himself
right now but I've always dreamed of
moments like these open go right in and
I can't wait to have him with PJ
especially of me so fun what's the
verdict is it good what's it taste like
it's big too big you don't eat it all
though okay today is a monumental day
I'll tell you why yes thank God since no
was born I have been very excited to
introduce him to a movie which includes
the Monstars
I have these I've saved a bunch of
different space sham action figures from
growing up these aren't all of them but
some of them there's Michael Jordan with
the toon squad Jersey playing baseball
and I've been trying to think I was like
when should we watch the movie I don't
want on him to watch it for the first
time and not even like understand it and
enjoy it but he actually is really
enjoying movies now he loves baseball he
loves basketball I think today is the
day my man we're gonna watch Space Jam
yeah and I have a feeling that from here
on out we'll be watching a lot of Space
Jam at least I hope so good science is
he
let's go hey know who was that guy who
was that oh my goodness alright well
this morning when I filmed about her
hives that was like what like 10 this
morning maybe it's now 8 o'clock she
still has the hives on her belly my mom
thinks that she shouldn't have hives
this long but I thought hives lasted a
while my dad thinks I mean it takes over
24 to 48 hours to get rid of hives I
don't know I've never had a kid be
allergic to something Noah
it was never logic to anything knock on
wood I'm so grateful
I should call Christy she's but she's
allergic to a lot of stuff she would
know I've never had an allergic reaction
to anything except for this one summer I
was like the one of the few times we
went on a really fun family vacation to
Lake Powell I had way too much Sun and I
developed an allergy to like something
in one of the sunscreens I guess or it
was just some poison we're not we're
still not sure but my face literally I'm
not even exaggerating swelled up like a
balloon I looked like my face was just
huge like I'm not even joking I I wish
my dad would have taken a picture but I
refused I was so upset I was like no to
hide in the tent for the rest of the
trip it took weeks for my face to like
be swell
it was awful it was so embarrassing so
strange I feel so bad for uploading the
blog right now I can't find the last
clip that Jen recorded so I'll just give
you guys an update
Jen talked to Christine she thinks it's
roseola I think that's also known as 6
disease and the hives and everything has
gone away after a full I guess it was
like 24 hours so we will we're still
trying to figure out exactly what it was
we'll be cautious with testing foods and
maybe Penelope will have to get an
allergy test but thankfully it went away
and Penelope is doing much better Jen
was giving me a hard time for being sick
the other day and now she's sick so
yesterday we did a live stream swim you
guys saw that it's kind of crazy but
we're gonna bring him back we used to do
live streams a lot and it was old it was
so much fun because it's fun
you guys in real time and kind of halted
once we had kids because it is hard to
stream live with kids I don't know
exactly what time of the day would be
best to do them probably either midday
or nighttime I'll keep you guys updated
though hopefully I'm in this frame it
might be framed funny I'm gonna upload
this right now though I don't know if
the livestream posted to the
subscription box but it is there there's
just a little clip and I really enjoyed
it and I think a lot of you guys did too
anyways all I know I've finished the
book
Barbie
