do you see that door do you see that
let's see let's see is this thing
working what's this weird thing working
I'm trying to hook up all right guys
let's see if this is working let me know
if you can see me can you guys see me
haha can we do you want to come here and
he go look at we have people saying hi
do you want to say hi okay he likes to
climb up himself so um we didn't post a
blog do you want me to move me time oh
this is a little dangerous oh yeah we're
gonna be careful okay should we start
off and sing some songs real quick go
sing a song okay guys this is like the
worst time of the day as far as
parenting and kids go because this is
bedtime Noah had a very late nap and so
he is not going to bed yet but Jenna's
putting Penelope to sleep right now so
at any moment our house may explode
eight o'clock 730 the worst time of day
at our house easily parents out there
that have kids you probably could relate
it's crazy that we're even like live
right now anyways still waiting okay you
guys can see this I'm looking at your
chat now let's see Camilla wow it's
moving very very fast Thank You Gracie
oh my goodness maybe I should like set
the next time I'll settle I'll set a
thing so like the chat doesn't move so
fast what's up Waldo I found you I know
everyone always says that to you thank
you oh my gets here here I can bring the
camera oh let's see there's Noah
someone's getting ready for bed yeah
Jen's been sick all day yeah she's like
jenna is making fun of me sorry I should
turn the camera sorry the mics right
here I don't know if they can hear you I
should turn the mic on on the camera too
i could do that here dip down dip down I
don't like fun there's just such thing
as the man cold if I may if you have
seen the move of the video what's the
comment look up the video it's so funny
um anyways so sometimes like an ankle
dad to watch this we uh we should start
so this is the thing guys I'd love to do
I'd love to start doing live streams on
our YouTube channel more often it's
something that we did in the past and I
think we have like a good setup we could
definitely have some fun like I said
craziest time of the day craziest time
of the night this is your vlog for the
day by the way because Jen's been sick
and I've been holding both children in
my arms and I'm ready for bed myself
should we sing a song meanwhile I'll
know is climbing on that the office desk
which I normally nola but I just wanted
to say hi to you guys and at least put
out some content for you guys today so
here we are in the live stream you can
hear us perfectly fair amix placencia
hide from sat down so guys um I guess
this will be in the vlog tomorrow I got
this shirt at rue21 it was seven dollars
it's like a baseball jersey pretty cool
spacing on the back and Noah requested
that I wore it today so I would have
worn it anyways because I love it okay
haha definitely can relate to being hard
at that time of night wow there's so
this is moving so fast shout out please
happy family vlogs what's up love the
space jam shirt look from hong kong so
this is slightly delayed i think i see
the chat a little later
you guys post it if you confuse about
that we can hear you guys great awesome
sing for us please no should we sing a
song jingle bells do I sing jingle bells
tinkle tinkle genie my hope no I got
this myself yeah he is isn't it you know
he won't he'll you will not let me help
him muscle dad oh goodness oh oh my
goodness I really searching and some
songs chincoteague ooh that tosser hi
watch it what I what songs we sing next
jingle jingle bells jingle bells jingle
bell dunno I what about abc's house ABC
p.s high key in destiny nice what about
uh watch me whip what trip last man let
bad bad man what's the other favorites
are you hey ba baseball
oh ok tinkle tinkle do any jokes t-shirt
give me jokes do jokes TV Jojo like
anyone of any good jokes so Jensen for
the baby sleep well baby teeny bit King
well grow world burn burn you hey what
have we been playing with today what are
they called oh yes oh yes yes he could
see himself this is the best part he
doesn't realize right now that he has
quite the audience if he knew he'd be
feeding off of that he could just be
feeding off of it um we played with
Orbeez low today that was pretty fun i
ordered someone amazon and they're
actually like really i don't know it's
like what hey what sick what's the word
for it took really relaxing I almost
like want to jump in a whole pool of
Orbeez like rip earbud users I'm sorry
guys a little loud from Noah probably um
it was really fun though and pj liked it
too just gotta keep our eye on her
because i didn't want her to eat any
i've been posting videos all day on
Instagram you guys can check that out
here like at output look at
instagram.com / the showcase I've been
trying to do my Instagram story more
just kind of throughout the day Sam
what's that are using a stream it's
awesome quality I am just using YouTube
I'm using a free program called OBS it's
open broadcaster software i think and
I just I literally set it up as the kids
were going crazy and I was like hey
let's go live I didn't post the vlog
today and Jen's been sick all day and I
didn't get to edit so I do have like
five minutes of the vlog edited but I
didn't get to finish it therapeutic
there Taylor thank you let's see um if
you guys want Jenna and I can go live
again later tonight or another day yes
there is a delay gonna climb up one more
time I'm probably gonna sign off in a
minute though cuz I need to get this kid
to sleep now I'm blurry dup the field
focused focus on the door focus on the
door why come back come back to me there
we go hey did you know real live
streaming yeah do you know day hunts
Dion's watching joins they had a day huh
hi Dana what do you want to say to day
hun to chink trick or treat yeah say
yeah what you been up two day huh its
Blacky none see are you coming over
sometime hey remember when we were
learning Spanish yesterday yeah what
words did we learn you want to repeat
some okay let's learn do you know how to
say hi in Spanish hi Amy nice to meet
you know do you notice it you say hi or
hello you say all that Oh hola oh can
you say como estas Oh Massa nice he's a
taco capture taco taco burrito portal
hasta luego oh baby yeah no you know you
should learn how to say this is how you
should sign out ok I'll pee hi dan says
he misses you say miss you too miss you
too you should say hasta la vista baby
yeah did you say hasta la vista baby or
not I'm sure that will soon be a thing I
thought
uh it's been really fun though because I
saved all my toys from growing up and so
I have all these space jam toys I don't
know if I can get that close enough I'll
go there we go so like I Monstar I
should figure out which each player is
see that I also have like Michael Jordan
with a baseball bat and golf clubs and
basketball and so the kids have loved
playing with that while watching the
movies I hadn't watched the movie since
2010 like it's been a long time and I
forgot how much I loved it some people
like there's a couple people that hate
it now watching it as an adult but I
think it's amazing like they have so
many NBA players from the past that
participated that weren't even the main
characters amazing ok o SJ has Fox here
someone said Jay house vlogs let's see
I'm looking at chat now sorry it's a
little delayed hello from Brazil I know
how to say uh aveda Ebola does not like
life is good or something in Portuguese
have a beautiful light I don't know I
need to learn another language hey
bloggers from West Virginia weekly
Wilkinson's what's up i feel like i see
you guys in the comments a lot every
time he says space jam I think of the
shoes very true I did not get those
shoes but I did get uh oh so I haven't
revealed these yet but I can't wait to
get a fun picture with Noah because he
got a pair too
I don't know these are they're very
comfortable um I ordered Noah size
though and he's very excited to get them
because when he saw mine he put him on
uh what's up Liz I should have sorry I
should have my comments over here so
like I'm looking at you guys remember me
Paulina of course we've skyped with you
I was like he wasn't like a year and a
half when was that seems like yesterday
but it was probably a while ago my first
video was the original samick Olympics
that's crazy I'd love to do some more
challenge videos Jenna and I have been
planning a bunch and we just been
planning a lot of other fun content
other than vlogs that we want to start
producing and this isn't just talk it's
happening ok no one got Easy's know it
did get Easy's they just haven't arrived
yet hopefully uh hopefully they do make
it and then I'm just gonna hold on to
them for PJ so she can have them to die
like Steph Curry sure when i'm not i'm
not i don't have anything against them
Jen's putting the baby to sleep say
something in Spanish somewhat lethal
where's Jenna can the kids Noah's here
here he comes here he goes easier
alright guys i think i'm gonna in the
stream if you guys want Jenna and I can
hop back on later tonight or tomorrow
and all that tomorrow we'll do it
another week I don't I don't want to
overwhelm you with live streams but i do
think it'd be fun to start doing more
maybe we can do some live challenges as
well I like the video up on my other
monitor and I just I know come up that's
pretty funny uh house update whoo we are
looking everywhere we're looking
everywhere I Jenna night book are so
ready for like warm weather and it will
be summer here soon um I think we would
it's hard to say we don't feel
financially comfortable yet to buy a
house like we could buy a house
okay I'm gonna climb up but I don't want
to like feel overwhelmed especially when
our job on the internet like you never
know what could happen you know as far
as like what if all of a sudden my
channel got shut down or I don't know so
let's see if he's covered to live
streams that would be great yeah maybe
we could start doing that maybe we will
make it you know we always like there's
always one day of the week that it's
hard to get a vlog up usually like on
Sunday so maybe that'd be good my voice
sounds deeper that's probably cuz i'm
using a mixer so it probably adds a
little bit of bass i can like it's funny
there's actually uh no are some really
scary ah yes I've like a mixer here so
how do you quality should be good hey
nice I know you want to climb up you
have to it can you say please say please
don't make some room you probably
shouldn't be climbing up there anyways
bubs holiday I don't want you to fall
that would hurt huh do you have anything
else you want to say to everyone before
we get off don't move to cali it's too
expensive yeah I that's really not even
on the radar Jen grew up there but I
don't really I don't know we both like
having lived in utah now holy cow
everyone just scared my voice thing uh
having lived in utah now it's like so
cheap like to buy a house or rent a
house or anything that's scary to me
sorry this is so delayed we'll have to
figure out how to make it so it's not
totally but yeah I were leaning leaning
toward jeeta I mean it's like best
chance salt lake area very close behind
super looking at Arizona what camera
amazing i'm using the camera i filmed
some of those like crazy
shot son I just have a hooked up I could
actually make this bigger Feeny do it
hmm thought to figure that out do you
want to be able to see you yeah okay do
you want to say bye to everyone why yeah
there you are hey something to go to bed
huh yeah tiger are you tired yeah which
we knew before bed me sing some songs me
I don't think so too no actually would
you do last night did you sleep in your
room all night tell everyone I'll sleep
all bad wait wait here I'll put the
microphone knew you I pissy money back
you slept in your bed he did it was good
night he's actually been doing a lot
better and don't I mean it's hard to get
him to sleep sometimes but it's been
pretty good so okay guys um maybe we'll
hop back on I won't make any guarantees
if we do though I'll send a tweet it's
Friday night thanks for hanging out with
us this is kind of like the video for
today and I'm sure I'm sure we'll get
better at this like I literally just
typed in oh it's not focused it's
focused on my mic there we go I
literally just like typed in a bunch of
random settings I don't even know if it
looks good so thanks for stopping by and
yes jen is not feeling well she's been
sick all day and now she like feels bad
because I felt so sick last weekend and
she probably didn't believe me but I
think she got my sickness and now she
knows how I feel alright guys thanks for
hanging out I don't even know how to end
this let's see never done this before we
were lied for 10 minutes so it's like a
10 minute video vlog almost only you
were here hanging out with us I'm gonna
give a couple shoutouts really quickly
Tanya Sal Claire a squad I see you out
there Eva Naru Naru Giroux ha Muruga rua
jasmine imelda Sarah pilot anamarie
Camilla Karina tech for your needs dude
I've seen you I feel like you've been
around for forever since the beginning
daniela t vogs Claire lane Lana Len Lana
may see Stewart thanks for hanging out
guys I'm going to end this let's see
stop oh here's the button anything else
you want to say thanks for watching your
videos keep se hasta la vista baby soon
guys astalavista baby i love you guys
thanks for understanding and thanks for
being the coolest YouTube community
channel community whatever in the world
and I mean that you guys are amazing
peace out
