have you ever seen those funny
infomercials that are like do you suffer
from excessive snow in your front yard
that you try and shovel even though your
driveways clean but wow look at all that
snow and ice that's gotta hurt
come on man what's going on how about
your sink is it spraying water all over
the place you need a banana ooh that
disposal doesn't look like it's working
either help this guy someone maybe you
don't know how to write a paper and you
just can't figure out how to use a
keyboard or your garage it could be
broken how about the guy that doesn't
know how to do jumping jacks or a
push-up is that you are you suffering oh
that's some serious back pain today come
time calm is an awesome website where
you can go on and find skilled local
professionals to help you with anything
on your to do list they have over a
thousand professionals and anywhere from
snow shoveling removal to help you clean
your house that wedding video you've
been looking for anything and everything
to tackle those things that you don't
really want to do that you need help
with you can go on there and find
someone who's skilled and local with no
charge to search so it helps you decide
which profession will be best for you
and you can compare quotes between
different people and find your perfect
fit so our garage door wasn't working
and we were able to go on the website
and quote different people and see what
was best for us and it was really easy
to do and it was awesome thanks again to
a friends at thumbtack comm for
sponsoring this video we're gonna post a
link to their website in the description
bar below so go check it out and let us
know you like it it's fast easy and free
higher skilled pros for absolutely
anything at thumbtack com today it's so
crazy seeing most of the snow gone it's
still pretty cold but we're out going
for a walk because it's 34 and not 3 so
here we go let's go for a little walk
like when I walk to the park and just
see if it's yucky it's not awful
normally when it's sunny and bright and
clear outside it's like single digits
degrees outside
like five
but today it's like 35 so it's like
feeling pretty good out in the Sun at
least in the shadows it's cold but in
the Sun it's nice so I think we're all
getting a little bit antsy for the warm
weather to come I keep reminding myself
that it's only February and it's gonna
be cold for a while longer I learned my
lesson last time I only put like cold
weather gloves on him this time I was
like okay snow snow gloves snow boots
you're gonna want to touch it off also a
little book update I'm currently on book
4 of the throne of glass series and it's
getting good hey hey at me I just don't
know what's gonna happen
think you don't know what's gonna happen
so you like have to keep reading and I
love those books it's good guys it's
like who's she gonna end up with who's
she gonna fall in love with
is she gonna beat the King like what's
gonna happen and there's still one more
book after so I'm like oh my gosh so
much more has to happen and book 4 is
like over 600 pages long so I'm like yes
the story will go on for a while what
you get hey Karma you throw snowballs at
mommy
whoa so a lot of the snow melted and
then you turn to ice there's like the
craziest ice puddle down here oh wow
that's crazy well buddy you're going
down there okay be careful hey give me
morning careful you jumped on this but
there's no ice over here where are we
Erica when we're pulling up he do not
want to come today but she's really
there okay we're pulling up he said Oh
okay let's go before yeah I said he
needed more hair to have a rat tail I
don't want my little man to have a rat
tail these older he can decide no way
you're so dramatic
that's fine
no no eating the crayons
no giggle your mouth get the color with
them
job you cornered hey not in your mouth
whoa who's this cool kid who's this
handsome kids like a mom so handsome she
did a great job
do you like her she was nice huh yeah
who's this guy who is that who's that
color right whoa it's no oh my goodness
you love it Lucy
like that let me see do you love it
that's what you picked out hey let me
see I sure do this can I touch it
Rizzy whoa do you love it you look so
handsome man I've been playing with Suzy
and Ruby okay
okay having an identity crisis over here
we have what's your name wearing your
Darth Vader jammies what they're too
small it's like a belly shirt and then
you have for your stormtrooper mask and
your kylo Ren mask which one are you
gonna wear right now nice I always
thought stormtroopers you the clothes -
is that here's the best hey Noah is our
stormtroopers good or bad yeah good is
Darth Vader good or bad he's good it's
kylo Ren good or bad are the Jedi's good
or bad is Han Solo good or bad he's good
who's bad you know you're a good boy
hollering hey basically this is
you want to be tolerant or meet him
should we meet them yeah are you gonna
bring your mask yeah that would be fun
do mrs. dobutamine bull huh well who
would you rather meet those stormtrooper
at Colorado that's that time that's
better you wanna meet him - hmm what if
you saw all the stormtroopers yeah do
you know what the girls stormtrooper
with the silver armor is called yeah
what's her name
captain captain phasma and she it's
captain phasma in the old movies are the
new movies yeah you show me your movie
is that your favorite yeah are you too
young to be watching that oh okay
are you scared of me no it's a cute
says he's scared yeah yeah I don't know
man like maybe the stormtrooper parts
but some parts we need it fast forward
later yeah
what about you guys you know one new
movies yeah and the new one and the
cover
what about Jar Jar Binks you know I
judge our Binks
yeah there's a lot of people that don't
like Jar Jar Binks this is Leia who do
you like more Princess Leia Queen
Amidala array right this way yeah yeah
she's your favorite huh
going on we've had a ruler tape or our
dinner no singing at the table but today
is an exception I don't have that rule
poster now Susie watch me watch me ready
sissy Oh Sam was just doing that and she
was just copying in like on tune though
like it's matching Sam no reusing your
father daughter do heaven day yeah you
made it cap well you did kind of make a
cat he's artistic one
No
