can you make a heart with your hands oh
good job
funny you need to know sauce at Walmart
and it almost but I didn't know if it
was a blu-ray one or not good job dude
really good Cammi high five I was pretty
good Valentine's Day gift no joke what
movies have we've been watching every
single day what what is it
Star Wars hey Star Wars this kid I'm not
joking
it for the past like three days straight
he wakes up and wants to watch Star Wars
so we started from the beginning he
loves he loves ones with all that the
stormtroopers and Darth Vader on staff
this one has a lot of Darth Vader in it
I'm not sure I think this is like five
number five or something we should watch
we needed like watch all of them in
order but he was just loving it I've
just been picking one that I think would
have a lot of stormtroopers and Darth
Vader in it so I just been trying to
organize a little bit I feel like a
house will just forever be cluttered is
that true guys my house just be a kid's
disaster zone forever what we really
needed like just a room that they can
just have as their toy room or a
basement or something I'm still tea at
houses been looking still in Arizona and
down in Salt Lake I've been looking and
felt Lagos even like what by st. George
you know I'd love to go wherever and I
found some like pretty good options you
don't like oh this would work this will
work what are you doing here it's pearl
we're going on a date
No
oh yeah Helen let me finish me let me
finish my here got this I got a fish my
hair what Rachel no I show her your
Valentine's whoopsies go give this to
Rachel you always give me something
surprise happy Valentine's Day everybody
today's Valentine's Day didn't I agree
that this year we wouldn't be doing any
gifts because we're trying to save for a
house and like it's just sometimes
Valentine's Day gifts are waste unless
you get someone a vacuum did you get
this
the neighbors picked it up I ran home to
install it and then are you excited I'm
so mad at you I'm so happy but I'm so
mad at you excited even wanting this so
bad
anyway it was like hey you guys want to
go on like a Valentine's date and I know
how you get stressed out about nighttime
I just said let's just go during it I
will sue ad ad what did she text you
yesterday seriously yeah and then I was
like I was like oh let's just keep it a
secret from Jenna and we'll just go so
we are gonna go have a quick lunch oh
and then we have tickets at 12:45 to see
blah blah now is she fine okay no I'm
gonna get back maybe they maybe know
second half if not we'll open up
Valentines
yeah open about I don't make em happy
I'm just shocked right now
oh and our ticket is the best Valentine
ever our tickets for the movie are only
four dollars total good money today's
like $5 Tuesday and then I also I got
there's always coupon codes if you order
tickets online I found this is not a
brand deal guys just look for him I
think I used the code like la la la
Henderson at finding Anna so we got buy
one get one free so it was like four
bucks because they also took the
aftermath was delicious we didn't even
film our food because we were so excited
to eat it
I had really good fish tacos he had a
burrito and now we're late for our movie
so by rushing they're always pretty
music move it down move with time go get
my ticket let's go like did this real
thing online
folks a c-level ahem no we've been
wanting to see it for everything I know
we're gonna love it I know people who
are getting mixed reviews though about
like that and you're so yeah so I don't
know I think I love it yeah let's go
just got out of the movie I feel like 15
minutes into it there's a lot of older
people in the crowd
don't wait here and somebody goes
speaking like really loud to each other
and so it's like does anyone know it's
going idea what's going on it's for love
like waves going up it was great when he
said that I was like I told you we were
yeah yeah if you haven't to the movies
like they both cover they want it but
they didn't get it within one yeah they
got under said I got here dreams but not
yeah together when they could have had
it together yeah I'm sad I was like such
a fun movie and then arson ending as Ike
they didn't get their happiness really
get it that's why I got you baby
oh yeah hey I'm just a little confused
right now I don't know how to feel in
them it was really fun it was all Jake
it was funny they like were talking
about their own movie that we were
watching almost yeah it was so great it
was amazing
filming like you know they filmed
everything I guess no I fell asleep
really yeah I know I fell asleep she's
like too late from the fall asleep
asleep Elsie run advice to piano look at
this it's stuff animal surrounding him a
little welcome me hey hey are you having
a good time with rage oh wait who are
you I had to waken up because he was
passed out
he's mom look and I'm just now noticing
I feel like I walked into the house I
noticed this but then I totally spaced
it out and he's like mom look Rachel
left is the cutest little magnet of my
family with the sweetest no ever look at
how cute
she's such I love Rachel she's such a
great friend um she's the one who took
our family photos this past fall
yeah Noah's ready to open his
Valentine's now so let's go get I'm
gonna go be daddy okay what do you say
where we going we're gonna go see if
they're in the mailbox okay let's go
give me a thumbs up for love thumbs up
for love he's very excited to open his
Valentines
no wait come here what's valentine's day
mean Gigi treats yeah
the first time we said candy okay mommy
yeah but what's it really mean I mean
love right yeah you say love can you
make a heart with your hands
oh good job
so Missy contacted me and put together
this little YouTube kids Valentine
exchange so it's really fun to be a part
of it and we made these little ones for
Noah and PJ to send but then Noah
decorated them with little hearts and
stuff and so now we're gonna go see what
he got from his little friends what is
today there's a Valentine in there
what's today called you know today's
called it's Valentine's Day what do you
do on Valentine's Day cards so you have
you shown your love for your Valentine
your Valentine's Day okay what kind of
cards in there it's my birthright to
wish you a happy Valentine's Day
tattoos be your Valentine you bet Jeff
Valentine they think all in Finn
okay this one is from games and Brooks
okay that's ten struggling over here
your tree and another tree Oh puzzles
from Brooks you built the puzzle that
you can color it that's so cute
thank you and games that's a big star
burst in your mouth buddy I was like as
big as your mouth
this one's from the ballinger oh you too
baby you got a picture in there okay do
you know a happy Valentine's Day I love
you so much
love look at they made their own cards
it's like we're decayed yet though where
they can t do you got old box another
baby you say thank you thank you I was
very excited the candy when we asked him
what Valentine's Day was earlier he said
it's about candy okay this is from
Grammy can you pull that out granny and
Papa sent you a card
oh the best part got left inside show me
show me money we need to use them
you're so cool this happy Valentine's
Day no I love granny and Pappaw Noah
what are you gonna spend that money on
you too much candy you know spit it out
so you gonna have another one cutest
little Valentine's smell up close shots
sake oh let me see
Noah's very first temporary tattoo it's
not focusing
I do the Valentine's exchange at music
class last Friday but I know about it I
felt so bad because I didn't have any
Valentines for anybody Noah still got a
few you have this cute little ninja
turtle from his buddy Sam and then he
got like a juice from a girl and I
didn't really let him take all the
Valentine's with other kids I bet they
even have anything return this this
isn't even cool surprise you guys look
you guys know what these are
he has no clue oh my gosh which one's
yours
I knew it we picked the right color babe
we just can't lose it we can't lose it
we can't play okay so check this out we
did we did our magic bands for Disney
mine says Santa Jenica Storch Penelope
and Rachel you wanna are you
oh boy oh there we go stores that's so
cool
did you notice his addition to his arms
tattoos we've been there
who's the red one for it is for Rachel
uh-huh and for dinner since we had a
little date date we are making dance
club
so I might go get David and we'll have a
little Valentine's night do you remember
our first Valentine's with kids with
Noah our first Valentine's no you it's a
pizza really Mon any of that cute little
sure done I get to Valentine
she loves that balsamic vinaigrette
he just tiptoes in them he doesn't know
walking oh that's better buddy
you guys little hipster outfit on his
little lumberjack shirt Mickey this was
for money you guys oh the like long
sleeves yeah yeah
did I make those here I made little
hangings in the apartment my feet hurt
this is Penelope's first Valentine's and
she has slept through most of it we're
waiting for her to wake up so she can at
least open up her Valentine from Crimean
Papa also I was reminded and it's
interesting because this was in our last
video two years ago yesterday we posted
our video saying we were gonna quit our
job to be content creators on YouTube
Instagram etc it's kind of weird it's
kind of weird I must say I'm still gonna
be doing a lot
doors of opportunity right there
not man
two years ago blown by really for my I
was like evaluating myself I'm like am I
am I happy like am I am a man where I
want to be like in my life and I feel
like I am so many blessings I got our
new necklace guys hopefully she's
happier now I think it works she was
laughing at him so much yeah dad you
feel you dad know what that all right
shake that really baby I'm shaped
ravioli might be hot you ready to eat
some raviolis - yeah okay let's see open
it it's hers okay
what'd you get she's gonna get pasta
sauce all over this Wow you got you're a
rich little baby you have one already
you're a rich little one you've not even
one year old your Valentine love your
face which is true you love granny and
Papa yeah
oh thanks granny and Pappaw yeah okay I
don't even think any of that recorded
Sam totally just dipped me in the
kitchen it was awesome we are gonna go
do I have a family date at jump zone get
the kid some energy out get the kids
energy out before bed cuz it has good
long naps and yeah have a little family
Valentine's date tonight
happy Valentine's Day
a channel trash
look at that baby over there she's just
like hey just hanging out
you got anything just hanging out
this is having a good Valentine's Day
after
time to go love you good Valentine's Day
that's one of the best I really was
great Valentine's Day oh you guys all
have a great day and ate candy and
chocolates and good food and just had
fun see you tomorrow bye
why
