it's been a couple days knowing I have
been at home alone we've had a little
bit of fun I guess you know but we miss
our girls and today we are going to go
pick them up before we get to the
airport we're gonna stop in the store
and buy a couple of things because we
want to Surprise them
who's that for
yeah you're gonna give it the sissy the
dinosaur which we write on it all right
down here
today's video is sponsored by hallmark
signature you guys already know how much
we love those cards we've made videos
for them before because we are obsessed
with them and we hope you guys have been
able to pick some up and enjoy them as
well this is the card that I picked up
for Jenica I really like it because I
feel like it's something that she would
maybe make or pick up for herself and
has a little origami style of hearts
that even open up there's like even more
hearts thing is really cute beautiful
perfect for her six years of marriage
and even more time in love I wish to
dedicate today's vlog to miss Jenna
Caray I'd like to think that our love
story is anything but ordinary
the first 18 years of my life I feel
like I was just coasting I was born into
a great family that supported me and
pushed me to make good choices I went to
college for a year and then served a
mission in the Dominican Republic for
two years when I came home I went back
to school and started to take my dating
life a little bit more seriously seven
months later I was going through a tough
time I wasn't sure if I was at the right
school studying the right thing and
spending time with the right people and
then I saw her we started seeing each
other often in fact in the first week we
saw each other every single day is a
wall Bernese mere fridges poster Cubs
Jersey Bulls pride and then I took her
out on her first date
we kissed okay push gee what do you love
about mommy yeah eventually brought her
home to meet my family where she was
loved and treated even better than my
own family members that gives her mom
okay
I think she's already down here here
hold this hold this remember okay we got
engaged we married we graduated together
we found out we were expecting a baby
we had a baby
Oh
we took a giant leap of faith we don't
ever rose but we have a bottle of
sriracha
we've just guys but a February 14th
Valentine's Day will be my last day and
my current job I put in we had another
baby
sissy finished she's not wanting to see
YouTube waving to everyone at the
airport
and they do have
he victories out
we had some setbacks and have learned
many life lessons I'd like to think
we've even already grown a bit older and
wiser too and through it all our love
has grown larger and talking about baby
food and flower she got you
yes I'll be your Valentine this looks so
cute I love it gonna work on her oh
you're so cute what babe sorry let me
get her out
Oh
did you boys miss us girls yeah make
sure you guys click on the link at the
top of the description right there so
you guys can find a store that sells
hallmark signature cards near you so
click on that link you guys who friend
of near you and enjoy Hallmark signature
Valentine's Day cards are one-of-a-kind
just like the person in your life is
anything but ornate back with their I
brought the heat with me I don't know
what it is but it's a 62 degrees outside
here now and it's all about 6 o'clock
62 degrees but I heard someone talking
airport and I think they said supposed
to snow
who's on your head blue dogs on your
head when I pulled him out of the car
when we're gonna go over to Jamba Juice
he like just gave me the biggest hug I'm
flying really miss you so much and I'm
like every night he was like coming here
I missed him but it was good for me to
get away and really fully miss him yeah
we'll see how long it lasts I love that
kid it'll last until about the first
tantrum I'm just kidding no I really
love you guys it's good to be home with
my family
bad
cutting it the houses clean design
that's okay and we back fam we back of
course I got a cold cuz that's what
happens on our flying airplanes I need
like start chugging airborne yeah and
she never gets it I have immunity of
Steel wait no do I leave anything out of
the brief abbreviated love story no
except for my tears as I watched it yeah
hope you guys enjoyed that it was kind
of fun to make I was editing it I was
like yeah
many more to come baby let's go you to
see as well
almost kind of we'd like one more day
and then we'll be caught up like live
live live live life all right
