wait wait wait wait can you get first of
all can you guys hear me I'm using the
mic on the camera I should scoot back
can you guys hear me can you guys hear
me everyone said that song was chillin I
was just like enjoying you know
stampy develop that song this makes me
like feel like I'm in space have you
guys seen their Odessa Odessa their
YouTube channel they show some of their
tour can you guys hear me by the way
babe worst you should have said the
worst day of their everyone's freaking
yeah the worst day of the year it has
been the worst day of the year now we're
not even worth day
we only have two and a half hours left
of the day so it has been the worst day
think about it
yeah I know I was bad it sounds great
okay cool
yeah that's funny I played that song on
the car the other day and I was like son
scares me
I just telling Jen and then people in
here like this song scares me
no today so like I said we were gonna
kind of change our upload schedule to
Monday through Friday kind of taking the
weekends to not off in a sense but more
so just to catch up and have like a more
normal life but still record and
possibly do extra content and things so
I had to post I had to do something
today even though most that it was just
terrible yeah someone just like quick
but it really was a bad bitch wasn't
yeah that's what's the worst day of the
year we you'll hear about it a lot in
the vlog tomorrow but let's start off
with midnight because the day starts at
midnight first of all let's just I have
the chat right here in my hand so let's
say hello to some people Talia Gonzalez
Sarah Mars Marcia Marcia Marcia Marcia
Lesley Nick and Janine Mandy
Marissa thank you for joining us on the
stream tonight uh someone said I
actually saw or des alive it was amazing
I think that's actually the song I heard
that's the song of the Olympics yeah
obviously I don't think they'll do as
much of the slow buildup
but supposed to be like oh it's a
February coming up which means hammock
Olympics who should complain let's see I
got to be Monica at everything have a
brother sister but the same ago Olympics
are where enemies are created no just
give yeah uh no let's see last year's
didn't technically end was it last year
the summer there two years ago who
technically won though do we need to
review the tape whatever let's just tell
them why today uh jason walker hope
tomorrow is better take care of love you
guys
thank you oh that was very nice for you
thank you thank you thank you yes
so it's good let's get to white today
was the worst day ever of the year not
worst day ever the worst day of the year
people were only 24 days into the year
okay so it's not like that much has
happened yet this year starting at
midnight we're getting ready for bed
stayed up a little too late one o'clock
were probably about asleep I think I was
asleep you're probably reading Jen's
been saying nicely I checked the bank
statements today there was a lot of
Amazon Kindle purchases
part of me was like a baby
no because you never buy anything your
sisters here Hamilton in two days okay
so then two o'clock all of a sudden I
hear screaming crying no no it just
comes in he doesn't want to be alone
you keep face I see a comment I'm
laughing should I really make it happen
again
uh he's crying so I go and check on him
he's like dad help me out I just need
help I feel sick kind of he usually says
that so you can sleep in our room
because we saw the inflatable raft in
there it's a toddler bed scorpion in the
bed no no so uh oh my goodness so I
really
so then I go and take him back and I'm
laying there for a while trying to help
him just calm him down
I don't want PJ to wake up and so then
like 15 minutes later he's just not
having it he's like I just I just want
to go lay in your guy's room and I at
this point just want to sleep yeah I'm
trying to get better at sleeping which
is a hard thing when I always have so
much of my mind so I take him to my room
I was like all right just laying there
we'll talk about this in the morning and
you were like mad well only because cuz
I had broken the the tray cuz this was
like day after a prized day and I'm like
seriously kid you just got a prize a
night it wants to be room so I was like
no go to your bed but he just I was like
fine whatever I was just so tired and I
don't want to like Lea I just wanted to
sleep and then I woke up to coffee and
he was like but mommy I feel sick I
usually say that every time they don't I
hasn't been sick and so long bye you
didn't like throw up sick I didn't like
trust him which is bad of me you guys
happen it was like the boy that cried
wolf only the boy that cries sick yeah
cuz that's how he gets in our room I
don't feel so what's up there's
something on Sam's neck it's just razor
burn you guys on a close-up of that so
yeah then no just started puking so then
he woke up and I woke up I was like
Sammy's he's gagging I thought I liked
guys and then the toilet I'm running
it's all over all over the mattress
it's all over his clothes yes Oliver's
in his ear was in his hair and
everywhere and he choked because he was
laying on his bed exactly and so I'm
glad we heard him and he got like got
him up yeah so we ran him to the
bathroom and Jen has a huge phobia of
throw-up I still have anxiety right this
minute mine credible phobia
listen to him poor fellow no we did I I
felt like you guys understand though we
do and I really do nice I'll feel his
forehead or whatever and usually by
Jenna's it just drags on anyway it's the
boy that cries wolf like he does this to
us a lot I almost every night it's a
good day but he's not usually sick but
he not like when he was sick trying to
like it oh he was in our bed
like we he know when he said cuz he's
like he took some time off preschool and
then he was like I'm still sick he's
right kid but this time you know so
anyways actually second puking that went
on happened four different times you
know you all better also named drew he's
done you know he's in the middle of it
he's like shaking it's like I hate this
where does those super just throw up
come from this is super scary WTF is
this right Rico this is our our live
stream this is our channel you might
have found us on YouTube page or
something this is our people man I think
you are you interrupting thanks Katie uh
so anyway is he ever talking limbs like
word is there will come from and as a
parent you're just like me and my boy so
bad and then I told him my couch
sometimes when women are pregnant they
throw up a lot and he's like but mommy
doesn't throw up cuz the baby's
protecting her that was pretty cute he
was very sweet and and he got better
like I by the middle of I was like just
stand by the tub and just open the tub
says but I think they can't like get it
in the toilet you know an adult can get
it in the toilet he can't he went to the
bathroom he did okay that's real life as
a parent alternative really is back
cleaning up and hours and hours and
finally you know sometimes it takes two
times sometimes it takes three times to
get all out of his stomach and we were
just scared you've never had a fever
though or anything like that
he's just I think he ate something agree
with yeah I'm hoping and praying angel
in Britain pray for better days lovey
Ellis family thank you thank you um yeah
we just like we're worried about them
and everyone in our family has been sick
lately yeah I got our family but our
extended family with the flu the scary
one like that you know we're worried
about her death stuff and my nieces and
all my nieces in you know everyone's
been sick so yeah we just were worried
about it and then we were worried that
PJ was gonna get it and that Jenna would
get it and me and just yeah it just was
terrible so that's the first part of the
day right
first I was up until after well after
5:00 a.m. and then PJs up it you don't
know what finally bet it like 3:30 or
4:00 but I just cuz those of you who
have anxiety know that it doesn't just
like turn off like you can't feel like
okay he's done puking like feel better
like you know small thrashing in with a
bag suffer yeah we do stuff a bowl I
know people doesn't do the bowl I can't
I can't clear out the bowl it was way
easier to just let rinse the tub down
you should have trained should just have
like a you should have a puke bucket I
did have a bowl by his bed though I did
isn't that weird like how like your
parents always go grab all that you use
in your kitchen see what is that I never
I never could open a bowl I had to run
to the to the toilet no matter what when
I was a kid anyway this is gross but
yeah
TMI so that was the first part then we
didn't then the you know pjv so yeah
yeah I have a pretty normal day just
worried about them midday I'm thinking
who break time for Jen and myself yeah
look at these purple circles can't
really tell honestly for windy you get
like three or four hours of sleep II
don't I can't even tell I called my
sister on FaceTime the other day and
I've been up for like three hours and
she's like wake up Wow you look so tired
why you look so tired well you look so
terrible is like I don't know I've been
awake for two and fs she's like oh
because you're getting old you're
finally getting old I was like dang it's
true I look I look at like even Andrews
here I like eight stuff from years ago
and like we just he was old like I like
older we all like older for the longest
time I felt like none of us were aging
yeah but we are well and it doesn't help
that you where's that egg cream Sam gets
most of his inspiration at night and
just can't shut his brain off so he just
doesn't sleep enough either yeah
sometimes so fast forward to the time
where Jenna was gonna rest put PG down
for a nap
she wasn't tak yeah moments later we
hear screaming no no screaming I walk
out to go wake her up and I just smell I
think
smell poop I mean I lit from the wall
yeah I heard with her door closed and I
walk in and it's just pooping so any
good the poop Picasso I just don't I
can't
again yeah we we attract because we got
the onesies just should have taken
around her bed but Iowa's office in one
of the nap so basically we spend our
entire day cleaning doing laundry clean
towels putting beds cleaning clothes
making sure no one else was gonna get
sick making Noah recovered like
instantly he's trying to sneak waffles
and like mr. man the pantry he's got a
bag of chocolate chips I was like
brother I told you last night it was cuz
you had too many sweets I just I blamed
it on the sugar yeah I said it was sugar
so then he won't eat so much sugar 30 is
young I know 30 zone there's that anyway
it was just me so look don't think you
just rough rough day over here poop
Picasso or Joe it never did that
no one ever grabbed his poop she's way
more gross than he ever was so just
between being exhausted from being up
all night with a kid and then having the
poop Picasso come out with another
masterpiece another masterpiece it was
quite the day I think she's and then
everyone was just tired the kids went
sleep yeah absolutely it was just it was
the worst day of the year that's fine
and I I said it when in that vlog that
were posting tomorrow wasn't like that
serious of the worst day of the year but
it was just one of those days where you
just go what sex I was waiting for like
what I was waiting for like a rocket to
fly no it's just like what's next like
what could we do next while we're
sitting here the power go scorpion
infestation in the life
stop you should this is the worst day of
the year because now we're have an even
worse day but we are trying all the coat
flavors sponsored knives hey have you
guys seen those new diet coke I don't
even like Diet Coke I got these for my
mom I got this as paying tribute to my
mother zesty blood orange we try it was
a mango mango twist mango which was
pretty good they're very subtle I think
this is the only way I could drink that
Cook has it taste actually it's nice
it's like those cook machines at the oh
yeah that one's good it's got ones
better than them even the manga one yeah
I do like that Catherine a prayer that
it's just something he ate and that none
of us get it because me and PJ are
flying to California on this weekend so
I really don't want either one of us I
cannot be alone if she were to get sick
Sam does a lot I feel you actually been
it's like a 60/40 I feel like you were
this room if you did a lot of cleanup
though yeah you'd be great I had to walk
out so I'm like Sam I got gotta walk out
and just like breathe you type if
someone was observing though they
would've been like oh that girl no I
wasn't like crying issues no but I used
to cry and run away
yeah people threw up by me that were on
an airplane some threw up when we had
public drive yeah so this will be he'll
be kind of repetitive when you guys hear
us talk about this tomorrow but I wanted
to hop on here yeah that was uh that was
the day today
and sometimes days are like that so
tomorrow I gotta get my hair cut we made
it through the day this is the time of
day where we relax and we're like yes we
did it and Jen was so nice to take a
break from her Kindle what do you guys
up to you though today I take long
breaks for my Kindle and then I go in a
couple weeks long like read a book every
day phase and then I stop and take a
break candy yeah so give him money
you're coming it's ready you don't have
to no one has to give money oh don't
please it
I I prefer not evils are patriots Eagles
I'm reading let's see Oh someone said
you know a baby gender number three is
yes it's a boy and there's a good chance
we have a name but we're not gonna say
it yet not positive but we're pretty
positive I mean I think I think we're
like 70% sure yeah we like it we'll see
yeah we haven't really talked about it
again no we haven't brought any other
ones either so but I mean if III came up
with an image idea this minute in case
you're wondering
andrew is reading Harry Potter -
actually he's listening to it on audible
sponsored no no I he texted me today
because I have an audible account and I
had two extra credits and he listened to
Harry Potter one for the first time and
I don't think it ever read it either
and he loved it I think and I think he's
also watching the movie with it so then
he's like give me Harry Potter - and I
was like alright I got two credits let's
let's do two because that is one they
hurry about it Potter books are
incredible to read and also listen to
and I'm just like saving the time to
like read the illustrated version so the
kids when they're ready they'll be fun
about is the name Jerry that's Julie
Julie long time here no I think I suck
here I was saying that uh HQ is fun yeah
it's very fun actually I have I've
played in HQ once maybe in the past week
and a half or two weeks yeah for some
reason my notifications were going off
for a while and then I just have been
busy when it's kind of can you do a
meet-up in Arizona I was actually
thinking about that we should definitely
do that before like the summer well it's
so cool if we wanted something outside
because I've realized that there are a
lot of people that watch that live in
Arizona really a lot because almost
every single time when we go out to eat
or like shopping or something we run
into someone that watches
happen very often before but it always
happens yeah it always happens I was
crossing the street he liked Arizona and
this girl pulls up and I was like oh yes
like yell at me she's like I like your
baby yes every single time not every
single glass think about it is the baby
talking to Trader Joe's every time you
go to Trader Joe's I'm told that's
because she works there no I met someone
else I took a picture my son in there
mom
Oh like I think she's like she went to
college and she was home for Christmas
break yeah it's crazy when I go to
Instagram it says the most people are
from I think it was Illinois now I got
to look I'm interested I'm sorry I keep
yawning I think I could look on Twitter
to her YouTube really living here though
yeah it's been great it's been great I
have not missed the snow yeah but I know
when summer comes I'll be like it's so
hot the top location by followers for my
Instagram is Chicago that's awesome
baby's name is cub well and then London
it's actually nothing you're excited and
then Salt Lake City and then Charlotte
Oh where's Arizona though so yeah we'll
have to figure something out going to
spring training that's going through a
lot yeah it's got a pool so this was a
Christmas present for me who's the best
Freddie all the way back really all the
way back I did almost get him one of the
foot rest though know what I mean so fun
anything I want like the little
treadmill feeling sure uh there's like
the little like footrest red mouse until
you're like working out while you're
sitting yeah I think my cousin has a
treadmill desk that he walks when he's
at his desk area we used to
we're gonna be live for like we'll do
ten more minutes because I think we went
live at 9:30 and then we'll be on until
10 hey guys sorry I should look at my
phone because I have the chat over here
but the camera is right here so if I
look at my phone I think it's a little
better
oh let's see let's see let's see what
does it do this yes that's like the meme
mmm
this sort of reminds me of friends with
Joey you Tom misses you we definitely we
miss Utah but we have loved living here
and we definitely want to go back we're
thinking about the next time we'll go
back to Utah and I feel like our next
visit there will be probably let's see
baby in June if we could we'd go in
August I think August would be good
that'd be like two months we've done
crazier and it'd be probably nice to get
after all the heat and stuff as the name
angel nope it's not we can't tell you
the name when we don't have the name yet
yeah there's just some name ideas it's
almost midnight here almost Thursday we
only we saw two hours of the worst day
of the year that we've experienced come
to Austin I love that we're trying to
plan a babymoon slash birthday you don't
want to have like a trip for me I just
want something for his birthday but it's
a big three-o guys it's just hard real I
just don't have people like to watch our
kids for extended periods of time
because our parents are all busy and
actually Christy offered but she's in
New York cuz we're probably gonna watch
her girls it's not my summer it'll be
really fun in August I think yeah two
weeks they're gonna come here Jason's
asked you plan on doing any more twitch
streams for sure for sure I don't know
why I haven't really since I've lived
here I don't think I really have but
yeah I would like to do that
I finally got my OBS working again so
that's why we're here I'm the computer
what was this not working I just was
like buggy I couldn't get the camera no
requests I'm uh actually maybe you could
do some live st. Michael a big events
I'll be fine
not every single one I like one live
video yeah it'll be cool
uh we'll see dance coming this weekend
on Saturday yeah there's a taco festival
in Phoenix on Saturday that we might go
to you should travel to China that would
be amazing
I would love that I do I'm Jude June
11th uh Carly is 27 weeks pregnant Carly
prego great name you're 7 weeks ahead of
me I'm 20 weeks you guys are yes oh yeah
I'll watch your kids the funny part is
like a lot of you guys would probably
offer to help babysit so night and yet
we don't have anybody dan will be here
this weekend but I'm leaving this
weekend unfortunately my grandma's
turning 90 it's really exciting
yeah I mean Peter I once said I asked I
said I told the hon why don't you you
and someone else I can watch the kids
for us what do you say I think he said
he was gone and we've we talked today is
here and I wouldn't want to put that on
you alone my man yeah not that I don't
trust you baby named Pedro that's
actually my dad's name is Pedro so I've
joked around him that I'm naming my
child Pedro but probably not dead Riggs
if you don't think I would then if you
don't think I won the same like Olympics
you need to go read go back and watch
the tape I was ahead by so many points
Oh stopping and then people started that
you know say that maybe events like I'd
created a lot of them that was an
advantage of not that serious in there
than them saying that so I said you guys
come up with some events and then we'll
do them and then it just never stops go
big man
we wish we'd have a tropical moon we
really want to go to Hawaii we've never
been there but I also would love to take
the kids away but I'm also don't want
anyone a six hour flight either well you
will see how your flight goes with PJ
yeah maybe she'll love it she's really
loves her screens now so we have to
limit look at the limit time because she
could just she loves watching stuff I
don't blame her I love TV
like I love watching stuff but it's
always all the battery songs and songs
I've never even heard of yeah daddy
yes the etz mom is right Sam's right
that's right what good morning from
Israel well that's cool mid sin' Goodson
thank you
good evening from Arizona it's 10
o'clock here week let's see in a couple
months once daylight savings I don't
know because we don't have it here
exactly but WHMIS if ik time yeah that's
right
Rachel o'clock sign them I know you know
we ran out they don't have it at Walmart
here we have to go to a natural no free
storage which I it foot how do I get out
huh
there we go I'm back yeah we're gonna go
to the natural grit I'm gonna go to the
natural grocers tomorrow although like
every time we talked about that medicine
people talk about how it's not with the
stomach flu like no I mean it's not
technically for this time I think
honestly for me no it just makes me feel
better I barely ever throw up knock on
wood right now to me it's like almost I
know to me it's almost 50% mental like I
threw up a couple months ago and I think
it was just that I think it was almost
mental I don't know but one of these
nights ladies and gentlemen
we'll have to do virtual reality
livestream
would they be able to see what you're
playing yeah that's cool that'd be fun
would that be cool then but that's when
you lean the chair backing yes mom but
you do this going to cruise I wouldn't
want to cruise but cruise is kind of
scary - I don't like ocean like open
ocean but I do what I would love to go
to like I don't know do like that
cribben we can't do like Caribbean stuff
because of Zika they don't let pregnant
people go to Caribbean although they're
crazy people in the Caribbean so I don't
I get it but yeah I don't know if Jen's
man had planned this like fun 30th
birthday for me and asking you where I
wanna go and I was like well I don't
want to go to the Dominican Republic
she's like we go ahead that's like that
so why don't we just wait till after
save me can't I save my 30th birthday
trip but I didn't even know the thing is
that a think well I want it to be a
thing oh you can do whatever save it
we're gonna save it I could just save it
for whatever were you doing actually
that's the thing we weren't even gonna
go my actual but she's like no no we
were gonna go somewhere in like March
and then she's like I just don't want
you to be home on your 30th birthday
doing nothing like I don't think a
cruise I think we would enjoy I think we
would enjoy cruise I personally feel
like if I took our kids like if we took
our kids on the cruise it wouldn't you
just feel trapped I guess you'd be
better now it'd be better now they're in
a good age now six months ago
I've been terrible I don't it's not like
a burning desire to but I think the kids
would love a lot of the cruise and also
the stops Turk as Abu I checked target
couldn't find it at Target sorry can you
still paint well how's your paint
yeah I haven't painted in a while going
on a cruise is just asking to be
surrounded by throw up strangers drop
which is somehow worse it's absolutely
worse
yeah I can't do a cruise right now yes
time go camping isn't cruise would be
fun we might go to Florida but we're not
sure we're just not sure yeah
well it's it's nice here like living
here kind of feels like a vacation but
it's not because it's warm and it feels
great uh so I said well it'd be fun to
go to a resort in Florida or something
yeah like somewhere or some beaches that
we could if we try think of like we're
in the United States would feel relaxing
at this time I love doing in New York
like do some things and I love that see
that right tums we I don't think we
would get sick on the cruise we just
start handing out tums to people no she
must eat tons sure why we get sick comes
find germs yeah what would a Disney
World I would love to do Disney World
again honestly but yeah I don't know if
I want to take the kids again yet don't
watch The Amazing Race I mean a couple
people watching this season I think my
parents are I actually talked to
Valentina quite a bit we text a lot
they're actually talking to her we're
calling to Australia's beaches you have
no idea
oh how amazing that would be that would
be amazing oh okay that would be
difficult that would just be amazing but
who's gonna that's the problem about
going to really overseas who's gonna
watch our kids for - yeah I mean a lot
of courage like never bring the
adventure I'm fine with bringing my kids
in the chip I just the flight is what I
wouldn't look forward to we hate the
fight you're gonna play it with our kids
after you've had kids and it's like I
think it's a Gavin yeah Who am I gonna
do it now thank you look at my phone I'm
gonna play this I'm gonna read I'm gonna
watch I'm gonna watch a show I'm gonna
watch a show if the Eagles win the Super
Bowl you come to Philly probably that
come to Chicago in Chicago you know we
yes we talked about it though oh gosh
Chicago's even
extra hour away from us now we're like
dreading flying there yeah my parent
said it was a long four hours now it's a
three which three felt long we this is
like the longest we've gone without
flying somewhere yeah we've taken a big
stretch of not traveling everyone travel
to us this year and this summer we moved
here in August have you gone we've drove
my tell me a couple times we went in
Utah once for oh we did fight a Utah it
just feels like we haven't flown
somewhere in a long time because there
was a while there it was like first year
of his life he had fly like 30 flights
every couple months yeah it's nice I
mean like we just don't we're happy
being here it's almost like a more it's
a destination where people want to come
visit yeah although like Christine my
sister she said she doesn't like never
come here I don't think she'll even come
here with the kids they'll just fly by
themselves but uh yeah we've had like
friends and we've had can't trips even
canceled you know so just think about
how many people would have come to visit
us think I was coming for a second time
yeah second time he's like oh it's so
cold there's so much snow and then he
texted me yesterday he's like dang it
I'm gonna miss food truck Friday I'm
just going on Saturday we've been if you
took fright in a while uh you need to
take the kids to Great Wolf Lodge Oh
Scottsdale I've been to those in the
Midwest they're just like huge hotels
with water park in it kind of thing
that's cool yeah that'd be sweet I've
heard Sedonas cool yeah see I was
thinking for a babymoon we could go to
Sedona cos Monica said she'd watch the
kids for a weekend yeah which was really
nice any fun um if we could do that for
a babymoon well I think when we were
thirty uh when we went to San Diego and
all that we flew from Utah
yeah now we can drive it's like finite
right so and we couldn't use California
for our babymoon cuz my like my dad's
for watching fourth weekend but it was
just like a weekend
our babymoon might just be like a
weekend but that's fine yeah and then
30th birthday whatever you choose to do
probably a family affair
yeah either way I'm happy with whatever
I will see we'll see what happens just
I'm I feel like
sorry if they can't Kim oh I'm sorry I
am shaking the desk
whoops sorry guys hmm no I I feel like
I'm gonna get like super emotional on my
birthday I'll have like a pre midlife
crisis hello you're gonna cry because
you're actually gonna feel old I don't
know I just see like I'm gonna be like
Oh what the heck I used to this was the
first New Year's Eve where I wasn't in
my head like dang I was pretty content
other New Year's Eves in the past I like
to do enough during that year and I feel
like once I get to here it's like dang
am i saving enough money to retire am I
gonna help my kids go to college how
many kids am I gonna have am i doing
enough this is my prime I need to run
the marathon anyone yeah wait till you
turn 60 my bet every year for the rest
of my life anyways my sister sang that
in Vegas and my brothers I know it's
gross do you live near Phoenix yeah we
live close like pretty close
Phoenix suburbia and Chicago is
Chicagoland where they call the suburbs
of Phoenix uh Vegas I was we just like
the I'm not old to I hold for me to me
because the people that I've always
looked up to in my life like my siblings
and my cousins and family members have
always been so much older than me and I
remember when they're like 27 and this
and that and it just was so old
yeah and I think about like my parents
like people turning 40 and that was like
old at the time and now it's like you're
getting closer and closer that so that's
when you I like for the first time I
- feel like I'm Aging in that life we're
all just perishing souls we're all just
perishing souls why is the worst day of
the year because there's a lot of
throw-up in poop not what do you serve
us watch the beginning of the video you
know neither of us though each kid one
graceful you forgot marathons in your
dreams yes that's why I plan to run
marathons stressful dream by the way
these dignity dreams oh my gosh this
third time around my dreams our office
was me this morning after sleeping for 3
or 4 hours before I was just like oh we
got ready should I leave my chair back
and reenact this you're like freaked out
you know we got a kid throwing up this
is that what they have always like
rolled over and he like freaked out
can't I sleep tonight can I not I can't
sleep - Hannah got make sure the
family's okay gotta make sure the kids
are okay then just wake them all jump
our bed is like
this high literally like you have to our
bed you have to climb up into it jumped
off of it and like what yes I jump off
the bed and I'm just like doing like
trying to wake him up while he's like in
front of Noah like waking Noah I woke up
with an elastic - now I took two naps
today the greatest showmen nicely uh he
needs to see that I'm gonna we're gonna
go on a date and go see it cuz I've got
I finally have some like baby
babysitter's from church I can call yes
I guess anything else anyway
does anyone else's husband or wife or
spouse or loved one or whoever they're
with partner freak out sometimes what's
the best song in the greatest showmen
this is the greatest show they're all
good all the songs I like the I love the
guy showman although PT Barnum was
actually not a good guy in real life
yeah I have a friend who literally did a
synopsis for like each character it's
probably like some real life super
that's I guess
anyways oh my glasses guys actually got
some more glasses yes I'm gonna try one
of them on oh you guys might come yeah I
just didn't tell you what
well we gotta record it yeah I yeah I
had to get a new prescription and ago
the eye doctor and cuz my ear thing was
up so I've gotta get my other pair of my
things like swashing not gonna like
reassure man is great yeah it's a great
I got five pairs and we got a video with
Warby Parker coming up yeah well we
haven't filmed it Jenna isn't seen hers
I'm definitely you get these ones try to
decide it did you say one I don't know
actually yeah these don't look like
they're cool I'm like that good now that
I look at myself wait are they clear
clear or like a yellow qui are they not
clear no they uh it's just my black ones
are better huh
no I like those oh my god a line in you
see like think about me am i me wearing
a suit teaching at church yeah yeah I
actually my glass things like I really
like rain glasses but I just feel sick
or whatever so I'm just way too strong
it's not right it's wrong no it's
perfect I can see so well it's just I
don't get you it's hard for me to get
used to it so like I can wear glasses
but no sorry Oh someone doesn't like
them the black ones love them guys it'll
take you out then you're like you have
to used to it
yeah be used to it you know it sometimes
you not those Wow
yes right I've tried all the other ones
and I don't like him but I like those
ones so I don't care I like him no I can
I just can't wear him
I don't know what he's saying but yeah
and I haven't been wearing my other pair
just because I have my prescription
changed and so the what the projection
in there is wrong cuz I forgot that reef
so like re do you need to go upstairs
I'm like my had a child or that same
blue upstairs
anyway um so I have not been
wearing my glasses and I'm like I need
them let's see I can't I can't double
where it's already at my contacts in oh
yeah
no you can't but I've been better I
can't I can't see anything cuz I'm at
contacts and I know what's up laughs
another pair but I gets another pair
guys I'm getting another pair yeah I'm
excited because the ones that I got this
summer we're so bad don't like context I
love contacts I don't I do like glasses
of contact it's so itchy for me I have
astigmatism and for some reason like my
contacts I have the right prescription
and everything but when I take him out
and I look at things close to like it's
so much more detail
cuz I'm whatsit nearsighted that one you
can see close uh-huh but anyways I was
gonna say oh yeah my glasses when I put
them on things are more sharp yeah I'm
not wearing contacts yeah so I don't
know if it's like versus the stigmatism
yeah I'm sure they have to like
compensate contacts my perceptions not
even that intense negative 1.75 both
eyes you've had bad stigmatism I just
feel like it affects it I don't know
eyes are too dry like I could keep the
same pair of contacts in for a year it's
awful
Oh guys are my eyes are awful
oh you've gotten better in the past
couple months I have he takes them out
more but I guess classes I he likes
LASIK LASIK would definitely a LASIK
best decision ever LASIK yeah how much
does that cost no I've heard sometimes
if you ever been estimated him you can't
you can't
jaesik yeah that's true but yeah let me
get my let me yeah I get my other things
in mine and then I'll look into it
part of Aging which part a dies no my
hasn't say the same though that's true
I've had the same prescription since
sophomore year of high school which is
kind of crazy because people usually do
get one
point seven five and I look at screens
like computer screens and all that jazz
but I was I was negative one in an eye
but then when I was think this isn't you
yeah I think mine has gotten worse
you're seeing which is this
well yeah it's because it's not the eye
doctor I went to can take pictures up
your eyeballs oh that's so cool Carmen
is negative seven point seven five in
both that's like terrible oh man Oh
negative four point two five yeah a few
classes are concise posterior
prescription number whatever my eye not
to just changed my from negative one to
0.75 so I got better right here you know
I hate how much context cost I don't
understand why they caught like about
glasses is that they're expensive at
first but they you can have like I've
had my one my oldest pair of glasses for
like five six years why do they cost so
much and the other thing is I I wish I
didn't always need to have written my
prescription like sometimes you know
maybe it's been a year and I just need a
little quick refill just got here again
so I'm looking at the chat on that
screen I mean the cameras right here
hello sorry hello well we went over 13
minutes so well let's go to more to make
it an even 10 15 here 45 minutes I'm so
pretty thank you Ashley Bravo thank you
negative 10 Stephanie Jimenez oh I think
I'm legally blind but contacts work just
fine to Kirk to 20/20 Wow is that LASIK
is $300 per eye isn't that crazy so you
can put a little plastic thing in your
eyeball about clear I don't understand
like how they just flip open your eye
and all of a sudden you can see why
they'd be cheaper than buying context
and links oh yeah it's true yeah it's a
few qualifying they want the eyeballs
have to qualify
you're not showing accent Aziz would
love it no I okay mate that's that's a
lot like but it was like racist what no
it's not how do I feel about the NBA
all-star and snubs hmm this is the least
amount we've ever watched basketball on
TV i I just don't watch on TV I have to
watch my phone cuz I am NOT the king of
this house how do I feel I'm glad Jimmy
Butler got in I'd like to see my boy
Laurie marketing make it next year I
don't think he was ready this year but
maybe next year the year after
maybe a little Zach Lavine in a couple
of years we'll see 3000 prize Oh 3100
3000 that wasn't racist I was just
joking 3000 okay I was gonna say 300 why
doesn't everyone do it I mean obviously
that's expensive but if you buy contacts
and things 3,000 well MA that's $3,000
they go to something else that I need
more right now I'm tired all right we'll
wrap it up sorry I need to go lay down
here first $300 in is shady that seemed
a little Shady
I do have a friend that is an
optometrist but I don't think he is
trained in the LASIK surgery anyways
thank you guys for stopping by the
stream tonight appreciate having you
guys all here appreciate your support it
was the worst day of the year in the
sense that it was just saying that I
gotta say that yeah people keep asking
it was the worst day in here can you
name another year day this year no but
now worse one probably you just have to
expect that remember you have to expect
to have you know some struggle in your
life and then that's how you react to it
remember guys uh get some rest
yes yes yes is Jenna Cubs fan yes thank
you guys for hanging out let's do some
more streams like this it's not
clickbait today was terrible but we made
it through it and yeah now we're gonna
go to sleep while I'm gonna go sleep I'm
tired yes though you guys
I'm gonna let this roll for a second
because I don't want it to cut it out so
bye guys
you
