look what the cat dragged in my place
about that yeah look here at muscle
works Glendora California we have the
NASA man the myth the legend the man the
myth the legend
dr. Ponca around everybody the man the
myth the chiropractic legend
Glendora California that has this worked
at all from the marketing Oh
welcome to the partiers PJ your best
taste your first bite of Argentinean
food juicy Argentina Argentine I see
Washington Argentine Argentine correct
yeah Argentine we're here at my dad's
favorite Argentine place heating
empanadas now in the desert so that's
what I want for that
these injuries on all the pastries you
didn't start crying when Andrew talked
to her though in the car any child could
be afraid of so ed John is Mary the
Harry of creepy hair how was Arizona
fine hi PJ your first empanada
maybe a chicken in kannada
I should have taken you to dominicos so
tell everyone what you're doing I don't
know factor and a nutritionally this
machine no your body but I've always
wanted to try it but what you're
supposed to do is do this and then
you're supposed to ride the bike in the
other room yeah you ride a bike for 30
minutes or so after this and it
stimulates the but a metabolic cow guys
don't worry it's not like this is a
surgery or lipo this is just melting the
fat so there's some machines is padded
you're supposed to do a lot yeah these
pads that go on your your body where the
problem areas are and then they sit
there and the infrared systems so
they're not melting this is not melting
fat from her armpit but this is this
opens the lymph systems and it
stimulates the fat removal and so
there's fat here there's the machines
are on her thighs right here and then
and then she'll go on the bike and burn
off all the fat generally I think you're
projecting because none of them have
said that none of them have said that it
was predicting people saying things
Jenya beautifully or so yeah we know
that she knows you know this is just
getting rid of the problematic areas so
if any of you in California have
problematic areas come to my dad's
office and he won't melt them he will
melt the fat off but my dad doesn't just
melt it he gives you like a nutrition
guide yeah this is not like an overnight
thing you come it's a six-week program
I think it's twice a week for six weeks
and after every program you you ride the
bike but you get on the nutrition plan
and you workout as well and then
apparently you you lose my dad lost
three inches and like what was it three
weeks he lost three inches
lots of an inch a week which is not bad
so come on down to muscle works
incorporated
in Glendora California and he'll help
you lose fat they'll melt your fat
melting your fat away and you can just
lay here and go on Instagram while
you're doing it yes you can
this is the machine see the pads name is
Mel Mel pull the fan away right mom
right we just did a massive plug for you
Hey look I know she's riding the bike
for 30 minutes and this will this will
burn away the fat that was already
metabolized well what do you have to say
about your office all you have to say
about your practice I like it what about
what about do you like well what do you
do what he specialize in is more of it
what do you specialize and people came
up what kind of takes people that no one
else could fix so what else do you do
how do you think's people magic
for you
goodbye father oh yeah no Filmore now
guys
all right you guys see that
why goodbye family huh I'm leaving them
now take it easy dad sit hi dad
she's been talking into the phone saying
hi dad dad hey hi dad
oh no you talk you talk to it dad say hi
dad
say hi Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada well she
loves being on this big bed so funny no
don't chew it though do you say hi hi
we're back at the hotel and we're a
little tired we're a little tired so
we're all happy w mm deep voice hey good
we had a late lunch so we'll probably
have a late dinner and then mom's
leaving tonight we leave at 9:00 a.m. to
the airport to go home quick trip but it
was good yes but I was able to see okay
she's just like on top of me right now
we should her State uh he died duh it's
the og og doesn't even say Dada she said
oh gee
she said it a few times on this trip
though didn't die dad dad dad see Dad
okay fine
Oh what see her dad
my mama mama all right change of plans
we thought we were just hanging out in
the hotel tonight but we're actually
gonna go meet Lizzie and a company I
believe her mom is here and her friend
and we're gonna go to dinner so I
literally just had all my anchor ball
folks I felt like I look it was just it
was just wet this girl got a little bath
yeah when we got back to can just go
straight to bed huh
moments later I'm back in the hotel my
mom was on the road and parted ways with
Lizzie dear we had such a fun dinner it
was just non-stop yeah bring her mom
said that and her friend and it was just
we had such a great time I love you
Lizzie I know you're watching this and I
miss you already
it's a good time being on your show
because it was so much fun was so much
fun I had the best day I miss my boys I
really did I miss them talk to know a
few times today he was really sad um
it'll be fun to see him tomorrow he was
very excited to come pick me up he kept
saying I pick you up I pick you up so I
can't wait to squeeze that nugget and
all his chunky cheek glorious but I
really had a great time with my mom it
was awesome seeing my dad my brother
well we were here and just spending some
more time with Lizzie
we talked quite often actually well text
here and there and we'd never get to see
each other because she's she's very busy
for all the things she's working at
she's working at so many awesome things
um we also live in two different states
so it's very
where that with each other besides on
social media and facetiming and texting
so so good to like sit down and like
chat and have a conversation and have a
nice dinner together so it was a great
day anyway
exciting my family tomorrow I had a
great time with my mom thanks for
helping mom and yeah now it's time to go
to sleep I'm exhausted
the baby's exhausted it's only like 9:30
late her time but for me it's so early
but early and then tomorrow morning I
get picked up and go to the airport so I
hope you guys enjoyed following me along
on my little ellie journey and
