where are we heading out with your love
but here is a wacky right now just for
funsies trying to convince her to move
here guys the of lis is growing on
me by like every single day I'm like wow
nice it's like a full year of freezing
cold been second side everything must
have a really really hot summer being
inside a little bit more but you can
still go outside
really I'm really tempted with how
active my children are and how much they
love to be outside literally every
day.he we've been here
they have been outside in the morning
it's so fun so we're still got something
like a little fun model homes that are
nearby just for fun because they're cool
and moccasin and um and she said they're
really pretty so I just want to go look
super fresh the baby's sleeping
Noah's hanging out with the boys I put
dejan in charge of the water like what
why wouldn't you love
two dates in one day two days we found
two modeled homes and they're right by
this cute part oh my gosh this is bring
back some nostalgic one time for like
it's a family day my dad took us all all
the kids through like modeled homes out
of wine take five games it was so fun
and we're like oh it was amazing so fun
and this is a really beautiful it smells
really good you do like it here I don't
know but oh my word
could we just packed a host family with
us just bring them to Arizona with us
Wow look at that brick wall like this is
incredible
Wow lots of water and I love this detail
whoa need that Wow formal stands off
what's down here tell me tell me in
another room Wow three rooms or Wow how
much is this home works look at how
beautiful and open this is like what
open concept is my dream so this is like
a one-story I think yeah I liked it's
kind of cool everyone out here knows I'm
just one story because it's not because
he rises that's beautiful laundry room
you can't read this kitchen you didn't
be so organized this is beautiful
seriously that's nuts true I don't know
if I could do a glass pantry
let's go through the master Wow look at
this wall oh my the TV stand thing oh
gosh oh my gosh seriously seriously what
couldn't you see like dragging out a
Maserati this isn't our budget one day
she could shave her legs stop block it
block it the closet is as big as a
bedroom do you need shoes I think it's
funny that they put stuff in there yeah
it's so funny but it seems funny oh yes
next one next one this one's beautiful
this was four bedroom yep beautiful whoa
number number two hurt you oh gosh
this one's two-story oh my gosh oh my
gosh this is these kitchens are
everything I've dreamed of and more
I don't like brown my my actions regime
is white I want right everything yes
marble Italian marble yes marvelous
Marvel imported from from giddily
Italy and stuff Wow
oh no it's master just a spare room this
is a spare room oh my gosh this is huge
see this I would just make like the
spare room slash toy someone from the
model huh oh there's no family picture
is this your family anyone tell me if
this is your family
maybe it's my magazine oh okay when in
Arizona
another dismount hold on
we give it a ten we give it a ten look
at this bedding little mermaid this one
caps it's so cute I love this I love
this this is insane wait there's another
bathroom right there oh my gosh the
thing is these pieces have too many
bathrooms I don't have clean all the
bathrooms you'd have to walk around your
house and just to flush them to make
sure that thank you boys seriously
twin nursery those lamps those are so
cute and remember this look at this
mirror oh my gosh they like go all out
setting these rooms up yeah they really
go all out like the designers Wow every
room has a huge walk-in closet this is
amazing it's amazing it's a little tepee
oh that's so cute
look at this laundry room is bigger than
my house
women closet all these laundry rooms
have sinks there's another room back
there what's back there another freakin
bathroom closet oh that's awesome
this house has a pool this is amazing
toi it'll be amazing to a place okay
this place had two master bedrooms look
at this master bedroom this is the
master oh my word Oh in on a house
together seriously could you share that
oh my hello so maid you're just amazing
oh my gosh oh my gosh that is insane
toilet
what oh no this is like a bedroom this
is literally the size of note this is
bigger than oh this isn't the size of a
bedroom I'm not even joking this closet
is the size of Noah's bedroom but fill
these closets oh my gosh do be more they
have enough clothes to fill those
closets their own closets honestly
they'll just become like if you had
another baby just stick the baby in
there for a few months
mm well Oh seriously this is insane
anyway welcome to all of my new houses
she's not living all of them right and
then one gigantic communities don't even
need all this crap like be nice and
simple just a house of my own we will
take the Harry Potter cause literally I
will stay in there I will stay in the
Harry Potter closet I would see in the
mudroom I was staying here this house is
I was like oh my gosh having a mudroom a
dream in mind cuz like you don't need a
mudroom it in you don't you really don't
he we do his house I just won this one
it's so cute look how cute this house it
oh yeah I'm thinking I'm thinking I'm
thinking these are cute I love that I
love this huge windows oh it's barely
missed by seven minutes
yes this was a bad idea because now I
really want so pretty
so are you pretty houses I love the blue
I love like the colored houses wow look
at this
you can't even tell that this the sunset
is beautiful there's the moon it's just
so nice out here
maybe it's like making me feel like I'm
in California again we come from your
summers are I mean Cowboys the same all
year round just get on to something just
a little bit then it's just nice you
know nice for almost the whole year in 3
months of bad weather or a year bad
weather in 3 months of summer I think
the whole year of nice weather thing and
the Cubs stadium was here it was like to
live by this we have spring training
every year you can literally get season
passes it's just free training yeah
raesha s-- oh it's same do something a
picture this is so pretty look at those
silos and it's pretty Lake
oh my gosh they just doesn't do it
justice
so pretty
what Korean has it real
hey as soon as I said we leave a good
tip she said okay and I can I kind of
regret that
respect the youngest always makes it
team because that's true that's true
Oh
yes and then if we got drinks or
something I would serve you guys so I
might order alcoholic okay thank you my
son so if you're the youngest sibling
you basically like always so it would if
you're with your family new went
somewhere like Hannah would have to make
it Oh check out all these different
sides so guys some real Korean barbecue
going on right here okay put that off
you know keep that they I don't know got
lettuce that's where like lettuce wraps
what's this right here this might be oh
man come on come on man I forget that
nigga man this is like a potato type
thing
this is a bean sprout this is called
holding there's one of my favorites oh
my god old blue I'll bang and this is a
it's like basically pickled squash
cucumbers cucumbers that kimchi
cucumbers is what I like this company
can get all you gotta get video I gotta
get the star
oh yeah you smell like garlic curry and
struture so Jen's about that it's how we
eating good tonight we can get this
whole trip because we don't have this at
home that's pretty much like bacon-y I'm
about to go ham on this right here mr.
Jang just gave me some more bo-boogie
but tomorrow we separate yeah yeah yeah
so I'm actually went to LA I'm Lizzy
Velasquez has a new show coming out and
tomorrow you'll be there at the bomb
tonight
interesting to see if she's had two
shows today she shoots too tomorrow yeah
crazy she's there all day so cuz they're
like all while she's there so we really
good to see her she said that we're
gonna they're like oh well after you're
done shooting tomorrow let's have dinner
and so we're gonna just get jammies on
and just eat at the hotel together and
just cuddle and have an amazingly nice
and your mom's gonna meet up with you
yes
mama'll view of us did you leave me no
exam we're gonna go home that's good cuz
I told you and I was like hey when you
get so I tell you your mom should just
have fun reading room service maybe I
get girls little nice tree little
special thing so yeah that'd be good
hopefully both of our flights go well my
name's only like a 30 minute vibe yeah
mine's only like an hour so I think I'll
be fine
all right I'll see you guys tomorrow
Revathy
window okay say bye Phoenix right
