okay where are we going some part which
is hub have spring training in quickly
little home I'm hoping that for some odd
reason because players just hanging out
which is there you know we're not
someone posted issue later they thought
Kyle schwarber and meet the Arizona
which is where we're going my art what
is resulting seriously they're human be
back such as the pictures really poor
like pictures of me oh no way the hell
are you oh my gosh let's go hunt for
them that's good let's find a shirt and
will sniff it and find them just like
that no stadium Wow oh this is it I'll
look like missing practice skills over
there then whoa Noah passed out on the
way look at this at a bunch of little
field around three Evan probably
Halloween well oh my gosh it is so cool
design get out soon get better love it
this is cool I feel like we're in
chicago i guess a lot of people from
chicago to listen to go to saw a lot of
kids like native Chicagoan and it moving
to Arizona so there's a lot of Cubs fans
out here is what we've been told and
it's kind of think we were walking in
the neighborhood the other day and a lot
of people had come flags and stuff it
was kind of fun come very zona Mason
Arizona come through it makes it like a
boy from a condo the guy boys so I
didn't like a Wrigley Field kind of fun
oh really we go there you through the
real attention when I see it Wrigley
Wrigley little wet oh that's like a room
yeah probably family exactly yeah oh
we've got a converse pre-training Sam
like why wouldn't I get in a couple
weeks oh hey look at this that's why
it's so cool I better to me pack this
year yeah what's kind of funny and we've
learned from my friends they said that
in Arizona sand to get so hot December
that's two different cuts of grass and
winter grass and summer grass and it's
like replant to the grass twice a year
like for winter and summer it's weird
but it looks like they planted their
winter grass and so it's nice and green
everywhere ounds was only green in the
summer so random I am straight freaking
out right now this is amazing playlist
the game schedule februari march
catchers and pitchers are put in like a
week we got spring training games
already about
it was pretty amazing but you think this
Monica I don't who are staying with tell
something interesting about you we did
by my house yeah me and Jen are sisters
yes we are we go way back you know you
like this you know I some time to be a
person you know their lifetime oh yeah
Elliot lifer right here he would about
oh wow can confirm actually things have
been a little interesting oh are you
kidding me look at that same says
portillos they sell portillos they sell
poor tools in the park I really wanted
to be a picture with this sign but it's
I didn't know is actually like in the
park jump so uh yeah I might be able to
trespass and get in there but a little
piece of Wrigley right there looks just
like the marquee they sell portillos at
the park target cells like this right
here look you can you see that this area
that looks exactly like the top of
Wrigley how that looks and even the
seats
yeah and then like inside look so nice
guys I am at the team shop it opened up
today it was amazing oh yes people she's
going to read it all the time like all
the different hat here like at hockey
shop holy that hey come spring training
27 to me go to every game wait like it's
a hot sure oh wait can I guess I like
the head that's super cute here try that
on I think that has amazing I think it's
like an upside down come on you gotta
get the head you guys know the World
Series oh she's like I don't even tens o
season you gotta get that crunch on you
I got take pictures of these I'm it up
Liz I'm reddit yeah look at this check
this out we got game 7 of the World
Series on the TV oh my goodness I got
chills just looking at it all this stuff
let's pick this up to remember the being
here at the phone park I've never seen
such awesome Cubs gear I'm either not
even in Chicago i know i'm not even
kidding it's like this is the spot oh
it's so cute
oh my gosh I just can't get enough of
this place like all this up we could not
find any anything like this in Illinois
no like it I go into a fair Jane again
Hey look who woke up from his neck what
do you think you want to get that back
yeah boy look at this place a heaven I
need what that I knew it how about the
bat to get the bat this character right
here it looks like Noah oh my gosh I
still do can you make that face go tough
guy we're not allowed to go outside how
do you feel about that so sad so sad
they're not gonna let montes tried so
hard to get us out there she even
offered to work I proventil for a day
for five minutes or so that was going to
say daughter feels all that I think
enough should I come back when there's a
game we're like dang it oh my gosh yeah
oh when you don't it will happen again
yes that's all we're gonna do brilliant
idea what you say I just a passion with
you think you want to see you surprises
please you need a few stray what's that
I miss you oh there we go there's the
hug yeah you want to play a thief what
kind of cars are those
stay humble cars come on them would you
say easy thank you where's me so mad
wheres feasel yeah we got to find it
somewhere somewhere I don't know we lost
us to what you say to Daddy well is that
sweet do you love it do you love your
baseball shirt know how it happened yeah
daddy got a dark blue one huh that sort
awesome yeah that soars freaking awesome
but freaking expensive like oh yeah no
deals in that my shirt was the cheapest
one it was a coin we were going to get
like two shirts even stuff there's way
too expensive like one church of the
price of two yeah literally so that's
only bummer about this place but the
clothes are freaking cool we not see any
of those cool shirts Oh Chicago but yeah
we're not allowed to go in there let me
see any shirt turn to me fits you
perfect awesome yeah that was so nice of
Monica hey how much do we love you how
much so we got you all that stuff ok so
here on this wall are all the logos from
19-14 without all the bait that's
annoying to make sure all the logos
thank you I like that one Monica likes
that one it's like they went through
like kangaroo monkey inoteca call to the
first base yet they did not go
strawberry kind of a weird mix of a
kangaroo there and then it became like a
monkey bear was like a monster I can't
mean and then it came to me and then
came in the middle got rabies thank you
do the wrong drug now we're walking away
from the park and checking out like the
training field looks like it's the
training facility and then they probably
practice on these fields women up
playing a spring training game pretty
amazing suffered our you gotta fire in
it's like a player right now I think a
lot of them aren't here yet because they
still have a week or two for some I know
cash were spotted hi Noah's happy he's
in heaven what happened Bailey we barely
missed by only a couple four or five
hours Harry annoying not there here
which means they are as you knew it too
she's pointing those apartments over
there somewhere hey this would be the
place to take your first step let's eat
girl you can take em take em go go go go
go uphill sit down
yeah oh you found a shoe yeah I was like
on the campus walk work ready good oh
she's dating kidding oh
baby first step that free training
center oh I missed the good he hit it
the first time that's okay he's still
gonna run the bases they just flap in
the wind let's cap it off by going to
portillos so ended here I'll go in just
came out we're in a Cubs Jersey
someone's got a Blackhawks Jersey okay
everyone here has Chicago something I
love it it's amazing guys guys guys guys
I literally feel like
insane I love this place hello everyone
we eating good today how many times I've
been support kilo's we have never gotten
a key cake but when Arizona has been our
theme this weekend's and ears on it we
are talking fake Reverend try one sissy
wants she wants surprised I did it for
your mom oh man Oh after Brian you think
it's awesome your best friend Oh in to
stay home what do you think mom you're
gonna get those what's the verdict in
tonight n cinematic living out of 10
conedison hello what is it simoes then
I like it i'm not even a cake person but
it's really good you know arizona's
crazy look at that light display 2016
chance cut yes that licensing is awesome
so cool how many Cubs fans are here
that's currently how many times do we
say this is crazy this is awesome this
is amazing it was a very fun day seeing
where the cups of spring training
there's a chance we might go back have
been to my sister Kourtney and rally
they live in New Mexico which is
decently close it's about six hours and
they really wanted to go this year
returning at my parents go as well so we
see if we can fit that in just with time
and financially tomorrow's vlog you'll
see Jen looking at houses in Arizona
when I was first trying to get a job out
of college we were looking at austin
texas arizona salt lake in New York and
Arizona was pretty awesome so Jen looked
at houses she filmed a ton of that and
going inside of home I mean we want to
move somewhere we're still deciding what
exactly what where and what we're going
to do and then hopefully the next tag
and post the wedding blog and I know Jen
just filmed an episode with Lizzie today
and l.a and she's been filming a ton
with her and her family so we will just
get back to that I'm sorry that we're
kind of a days behind from real time but
like I said you guys will see everything
before you know it will be caught up
knows taking a nap right now from
getting this vlog up love you guys will
see tomorrow okay
and mega a seriously seriously
