yo sir what's up what's up people oh my
yeah I got you some chicken tenders we
just made it home literally just got
here I post the vlog earlier today was
the wedding blog which we had received
permission from being Jerry to post a
high even some time the link i didn't
want to post it before them and like
draw attention from their video seems
but a lot of other people are waiting to
posters later and i don't want to like
put my vlog ahead of everyone so i took
it down even though i didn't necessarily
have to but we have so much vlog footage
and days and I will be pushing out every
single day this week you occurs it thank
you want to do my hair and we barbers
dress hang out with your love my hair is
a wacky right now just for funsies
trying to convince it over here yeah
they're gonna do with suitably is
growing on me by like everything I am
whoa yeah I knew that Wow formal dining
room and partying all fancy yes I am
straight freaking out right now just
amazing playlist against Ibaka keeps how
we eating good tonight we even get this
whole trip to 307 so here's today's vlog
Jenna cos in California she will be on
Lizzie show tomorrow we talked about
that one of the vlogs coming up anyways
enjoy sorry for any confusion don't
worry you will see everything when it
happened morning nothing for gotta know
what today doing the combine see the
combine run show me what you're wearing
then show me what you're wearing today
okay headband on okay bears shirt on
i'll have a new club oh here he goes
come on
nice nice nice right nice now do the
jump now do the jump okay nice very nice
innit hey guys whoa see ok cool quick
fix it she said I know has been staring
out the day he isn't cheap you too baby
love their baby look at this little baby
yes Ginobili just chases them around and
you just jump away from her and he legit
her if I don't know he runs away from
him I know so loves that dog good boy
yeah dang your little dog trainer huh
they told me sick like George obvious
like yeah that dog has to tell you down
he wants crypto once crypto guys what if
you ask Santa for crypto am I anything
oh man outside all day I won't say how
does it feel to just be outside so much
amazing oh my goodness these kids are
loving it you guys have been out all day
online breakfast out for lunch out that
chili not bad yeah pretty soon we're
planning on going over to a super bowl
party with friends and we're going to
see me Dean Jerry and everyone from last
night and just relax watch the game the
kids can play let's go to hopefully take
a nap hey would you just say what do you
want Santa to bring you guess what a
park park an entire park
hmm can be a really really good boy
right for the role car pool party yeah
I'm feeling it right here first off this
backyard is beautiful suck it no one
Jordan have been planted uh-oh hey what
happened to that they did a break yeah
good job this airplane is awesome this
airplane is amazing there's like steeps
on every side that you can sit on and
like rocket but no one Jordan has been
playing together I'm so cute they've
been filling up the little truck full of
dirt and then emptying it you play with
Jordyn Noah he's been playing really
good with her too oh don't do that babe
oh my kinky dies okay okay watch your
hands watch your hands Jordan gonna fly
you guys yeah
you step in your shoes get out here are
your Super Bowl party we have king cake
yet bill king cake and there's a baby
yes a little baby baby I'm gonna have a
 baby rasta goody and if you get
it it's good luck Oh what do you think I
don't know oh look at that who are you
reading for by the way that's every year
oh really family roots will take its
possible against them I've been going
crazy in here everything will hit who
are you going for okay I wanted to know
that's a big party room called you back
so there's necessarily he's a criminal I
want a peaceful where is the baby though
thank you so cute round 3 for me
actually have mean that much also call
for lunch
we're going to win the game the white
theme for the Patriots they go the red
team falken hey how many Swami's and uh
pepperoni have us 30
we'll be checking in with them or will
tom brady do it I think it's gonna
happen around what about what about the
extra point though oh ok here's my god
I'm going he's going to get it but we're
gonna miss the point right ok the games
almost over I'm look over here chillin
I'm tired and this everyone freaking out
the only Patriots van the only state
returns right there go bears go bears oh
yeah Jerry's being the shop there that's
all the best
oh here we go the game right here all
right I didn't call the super I would
have been denied
Super Bowl was great is it all for the
patriots won congrats Tom Brady I'm
Greta Tom Brady to go to go yeah great
small time or is Joe Montana was a
little better don't know so much and so
you know Joanne came in not with my
brain and I just like me Oh goats our
generation I just woke up my dress cool
comes over I want up like that something
up I am in a great time marriage my
football american life pursue happiness
booklet love French it see you guys
tomorrow sfr 4life okay so good we
commit oh my god Oh make a hard act
makin was ok this morning
okay thank you
