I know it's not the healthiest and it's
definitely not the cheapest either but I
had to get no illegible today I picked
out one the cheddar cheese cracker
classic you know and I just wanted to
see be like it do you like it I mean
look at you got a juice and candy too
but he's making little stacks of
sandwiches he calls them burgers though
I wasn't sure if he would actually like
it he likes pretty much like everything
but dull meat but he doesn't down in it
it's probably cuz it's made out of
something you're making a mess hey man I
just wanted to experience you eating a
lunchable this is a treat though okay
yeah yeah the whole thing and you know
what Jen's gonna say when she sees this
she used to tell me that they would go
on field trips and all the kids would
have lunch or bowls and she would have
like something fun to eat you making
your sandwich now very cool that's a big
one YUM okay more cheese you should do a
lunchable cooking tutorial you know open
are you gonna start a Cooking Channel
yeah I like how you've spread everything
out pretty evenly what's your thoughts
on Lunchables love as a kid
oh you've got him on field trips I
messed that up
I thought all the other kids got him on
field trips and he did it no no we only
got them for like field trips yeah
special occasions I maybe said there's a
Nevada before there's this kid that I
went to elementary school with and he
had like all the cool stuff second TV
which was you could just go different
channels and play any video game for
Sega Genesis and you always had a
lunchable every single day at school
like there are different variations this
is like the deluxe one right and I
remember back then they'd have giveaways
and you'd open it up to see p1 and there
was one day that he actually won and it
was like something really cool it's like
another Sega and we're all like yeah I
remember for awhile though I had a
lunchable often I would little nacho
cheese ones with the salsa and cheese
dip and the chips and I liked the pizzas
too but anyways a little special
occasion the funny thing is actually
eating it off cuz I don't know if he
eats it all he gets this located it's
actually a big candy look at that stack
right there that's a Big Mac you say
McDonald's cheeseburger can you say Big
Mac how are you my love doing well do
you sleep oh I guess this boy won't poop
to you
oh and your phone call sure Susie put
your hand in sure love ya know I just
reminded us so we hadn't prayed before
we ate kids they're awesome
how's your lunch
hey sit down don't get anything are you
allowed to talk about what you're gonna
do in cornea
well we'll hold off for a minute okay no
eat all of his now I get to have his
rhesus this is your first one take a big
bite there's peanut butter on the inside
in there yeah do you like peanut butter
like your mouth what do you think is it
good it's kind of intense on yeah yeah
you don't like it whole thing can be
good I didn't like it
however a little shadow in the fridge
you see you oh you dabbing Cissy
got her bobblehead oh is it a phone are
you talking to alright the second thing
the only one
took them
bouncing slide now jump zone every other
day people every other day no don't
bother dry no can you show me how you do
it Noah bouncing your bum bouncing your
bum and then stand up oh yeah I know
trick okay Sam just got her to stand all
by herself and it was a good 30 seconds
30 20 20 seconds okay she really stood
there for a while don't let her fall she
really stood up for a while though okay
we'll try again dad
okay no okay we're gonna make
heart-shaped pizza today since it's the
first day of February of singles
Awareness Month and love okay singles
Awareness Month I got this heart-shaped
cookie cutter
allisyn's dance party I went to whoa now
we're gonna use it yeah me that how cool
I've got a pre break the dough okay yeah
dude oh so that's what's for dinner
heart-shaped pizzas personal PJ's
they're mini pizzas they're like pizza
fights not yet leave it there baby yo
your mom's pretty cool no uh no good
look at our rest are you gonna explain
what is going on your sauce in them what
kind of sauce do you get like a pesto
alfredo sauce I thought it might be good
okay
well you know I like white sauce pizza
better and I think my kids do something
too but maybe I just got myself I like
this one can represent my relationship
status this this February see is it big
all right the finished project um
surprise oh yeah
but leave your pants on play basketball
tonight it feels good to be back on the
court feels really good and I got a
whole container of orange slices because
there's nothing like playing sports than
havin two more sizes drink right now
sure I love you both of us all family
okay and we're packing yeah we're
packing cuz we leave
Betty soon how do you good mm-hmm you're
like the ones that they make their fresh
to set up yeah that's really good it's
my attempt at eating healthier you make
it easy right for now there was a
picture circulating for a while and it
was a grocery store that had oranges
already peeled and they were in like
plastic containers individually and
someone was like huh huh if only those
had a you know good way to already store
them and protect them
I thought kind of lazy buying them
already pre-sliced see all right people
you see how he we are off we were me
taking off on our little trip pretty
soon and then Jen will have a couple
days in California I'm not gonna post a
vlog tomorrow it's always hard to get
one up while we're traveling we have a
really early departure and I don't know
how the internet situation will be right
away and I just don't want that to be
like stressful so our next video will go
up on Saturday heading out to the
wedding Dean Jerry's gonna be in Arizona
can't wait to get some warmer weather I
know it's not like super hot but it'll
be nice to have a little change huh and
play around outside you say bye you say
peace
oh I think can you think that I see dead
dead dead yeah she loved seeing yourself
alright guys love you
oh he's already awake he's already awake
have a good nap
