this is a good morning sweet world every
you're gonna find an airplane yeah I'm
Friday right yeah oh no we're gonna see
Rachel next month we're gonna go to
Arizona can you say Arizona no no we're
gonna see Rachel in Florida we're gonna
go to a wedding in both Arizona and
Florida all right guys remember is the
award that you guys voted me in to
winning for the Instagram creator that's
the only creator what everything well
they sent to the little box it's right
here confetti say not yet babe says hey
Sam and fan
Congrats on earning your spot as the
best new family creator we've included a
little something for everyone Sam we
couldn't check down at chick-fil-a gift
card but we hope you can get to New Year
celebrations with a nice one beverage
best person appellants team it says PS
were so sorry for calling you sanika
some people probably say okay that's
fine that's who we are right so we need
to have something in there there's
something in there for each of us oh I
don't know that's gonna pull it all out
Thanks oh no one of us right it's for me
yeah they said once an egregious
they're like they're metallic paint
horns with what's these bufflehead
collectibles I think I think the one of
those is for sissy one for CC one for
you and that's actually really
thoughtful whoops my bad oh they know I
like chick-fil-a yeah yeah it's okay you
guys snap once thank you guys again for
voting for me okay Noah okay
there's your little woodsy the season
see what's when she got just gonna share
these okay okay so you you put in your
tree house this way No do you know what
this girl's name is
Sammis zero suit samus thank you guys
I'm so excited about little paints what
do you say thank you say thank you snap
fluency can you say thank you fam occur
starting late today it's good hey let me
hold him look though y'all don't look
that okay I've been here I've been
working it out
get over here you're my left arm left
arm stronger for holding babies guys
this is the basic we made like last
couple days yeah Oh myself having sissy
crawl around with my hands this
afternoon and she was loving it let's
see if she likes me the whole time we
went mini movie no joke like ten times
like this just that before she has
really wanted to do that until right now
so we haven't really pushed the walking
thing cuz we are it could be any month
do you wanna try walking she's so proud
of herself I wanna get the the Walker
and see if she'll do it today ain't come
here come the dead
oh my goodness that is so good hey you
okay oh my God look at him good here we
go here we go chunk then no he was
watching the trolls right now I'd never
seen it in the kids on either Noah
really likes it that's up that's the
helps is you walk Noah says he doesn't
know how to walk
let's see you girl come on and she's
back
we're eating yucky tonight these paper
plates leftover here's a question do you
notice anything different about Penelope
other than she's almost walking if you
said her hair is parted to the other
side you got it right what do you think
should we part it that way the other way
let's go oh you know it's still a drink
three nights in a row not going at night
in this pool the real question is when
do they start wiping their own bums but
I'm not gonna complain because helping
out with that is way better than
changing diapers the worst are every
bounce inside block because there's no
dohno beat daddy beat daddy here we go
Oh
Oh daddy
oh my goodness watch him climb up it's
amazing
careful careful Noah Noah put your arm
up first
all right what's going on here
race me race the race of the century you
ready for this sis on your mark get set
go
and they're almost getting smashed by
the entrance
Cinci who are you in for this time and
there's I don't know backwards there's a
sign that's right there that says slide
it first but mommy doesn't follow it oh
they're jumping through
no it was the first through he's
squeezing through he's squeezing through
squeezing through the birth canal finish
finish finish finish that's eating fish
Noah finish finish
finish you got it I think you won fair
and square
hey get over here leave me you won
can I erase you now
