today's the day it's getting cut next
time you see me it'll be much shorter
especially on the sides right here do
need a haircut as well today yeah you
owe me to cut it I really want to try to
learn how to cut hair I really i think i
could learn how to cut his and he's at
the age that if it doesn't look good the
first time no one can make fun of him so
be cute because he's a cute little kid
you not at school yet sissy um Ãºnico
years and then in a couple hours we're
going to be working on an Instagram post
and I kind of would be something you
guys behind the scenes look of what goes
into creating sponsored clothes for
somebody just kind of give you a look
into that be ready at toddler time they
did painting snow and it was really cool
idea but I have the wrong plane so these
watercolors and they have those peculiar
paint things I don't any of that I only
have this like this is washable acrylic
paint so we're trying it anyway he's
been doing it for the past probably hour
or so not only 45 minutes having a ball
now that the snows kind of melted it's
easier to paint a refund so we're he
keeps wanting to eat the snow because
it's a fun color and I'm like no I
painted it you don't eat paint we've had
a bit of a morning but of a rough first
half of the day because someone is not
listening today we're starting this
thing of the day brand-new oh my oh yeah
you wanna get a haircut by a healthy
doesn't help you get a haircut whoa whoa
what color is that smell red ok sir lime
rickey you guys not talk about lying
rescue before they're one of my favorite
questions buy some food this is not
sponsored by the way everything's on
super sale which is awesome because I
can get like a bunch of sensors for the
price of like one courtneyjensen suit or
like 10 albion swimsuit you know like
five so the price of cover six tops for
the price of like one which kind of
mind-blowing I don't like something a
lot of momentum
so they're having a huge sale and I'm
going to pick you out because I need to
see some suits for Florida and Arizona
and if we go to a pool meanie storm
keeper where are you gonna meet them at
what gonna meet them in Florida yeah
disney world yeah in a month your stores
mask on are you a storage now hey you're
so excited I'm so excited all right show
yeah Rachel's gonna come with you yeah
are you excited to have rich will come
hey guys kissing me yeah daddies behind
me you and Rachel ya see ya that play
football with you yeah you're cute and
you're just going on your eyeballs hey
all of my life or next door yeah what
she'll scare close it you pull that off
too and it shoots missiles yeah also
since we've been discussing moving again
I've been like I becomes obsessive and
I'm like trying I've just been on zillow
and the web just not meeting and looking
looking so hard even to rent in disguise
I want to rent just for the fact that I
want you out of Logan but there's like
no places that work for us to rent right
now and now I just want to like do work
and just keep saving so that way I can
we can like save up for a down payment
for a house instead and then just pin
mortgage it's cheaper in a way and then
it's going towards your own property so
going to someone else's pocket
growing up scarred so I'm grateful that
we even have you know the opportunity to
live here and to work from home and to
be able to save some money do you guys
see brand deals coming up just know it's
going towards out okay all right I'm
back do you like my haircut good day cuz
I hey I'm gonna try and cut your hair
gay club howdy coming over right now
yeah hey don't pick your nose can you
blow your nose look at you looks like
that okay we'll blow it out with it with
a Kleenex I just watched a video on how
to cut hair Who am I need to practice it
has kind of funny growing up from
childhood first haircut till probably
freshman year of high school I had the
same barber cut my hair her name was
Nicki my mom and dad brought me there
and we get our hair cut then when my
hair got longer and I was in high school
my mom took me to like the place she got
her hair cut and then once I got out
here into school and then graduated I
don't think the same person has cut my
hair more than once Jay cut my hair
twice other than that like I always had
someone new even if I go to the same
place and I probably should be going to
the same person because then they
understand more like they remember how
to cut my hair and I can adjust and get
this red hair cut up anyways there it is
alright so tonight we are working on a
picture and a boomerang for Instagram
here's your behind-the-scenes look if
you have any questions feel free to post
in the comments there are certain things
that you're under contract that you're
not allowed to say yeah oh we're gonna
make a party yeah me I'm gonna do right
it's funny I never liked to force
anything whether it's the product and if
it's something with the whole family I
don't want the kids to feel
uncomfortable and I don't want to force
them to do something I want them to have
fun and enjoy it and today it's been a
rough day but it is kind of a fun
integration I think you will enjoy it
but I don't want to force it I'm always
super excited when its integration for a
product or something that I've used like
my whole life and I'm like hey this is
like unbelievable what I call one of my
buddies it askah McCoy
should do teachers yo yo yo quick
question and also can you text me sauces
latest number because I got a new phone
and I lost i only have yours um quick
question what was the salsa that we used
to always eat when we'd have picante
what would we have what were they called
it was a paint for God's day where I was
yeah we have picante parties right I'm
about to make a Instagram over there oh
no wait yeah I don't got a party I'll be
shaking good all right text me a tech
nice awesome numbers what it was that
far golden oh all right so I'm
giving see it when I figure that's my
friend Jeff his older brother Aaron was
one the groomsmen and my wedding very
good friends of mine the whole family
and as we grew up sometimes when we be
done playing basketball and hanging out
with like a using our time thinking
picante party yeah so we would go to
either my house or their how to ever
have the salsa and have pace picante
salsa and little like casino bite-sized
chips and just eat salsa we just loved
hot food salsa and we would have a
piquant a party so the fact that i'm now
making an integration but my family and
them to me is like school I'm not
getting ready to talk about this in this
video I just thought you guys would
enjoy kind of how we go about these kind
of things whoa let's not make a mess you
grow in some goldfish okay is that for
the party so for this photo and
boomerang we were just going to be
having a Taco Tuesday party and make
sure that the the salsa is displayed and
it's authentic it's something I love and
let's get to it okay so right now I'm
cooking up some like steak fajitas can
you do some refried bean
you owe me to show your cooking again
you're cooking too okay yep treats
goldfish just make it make sure you
don't still okay and as you guys can see
no one really likes being a part of all
the different things that we do you
really love being in the videos and when
we make pictures and things he's very
excited to put the paper up and
celebrate so I just want your like
vlogging and doing things like this
isn't for everyone because you don't
want it to be forced you don't want it
not to be enjoyable for you and your
family add this is cooking though this
is how the process works usually someone
will contact you and it's not usually
from the company directly there's always
like a middleman it could be maker
studios full screen if usually like
these agencies that work with the
companies or any consult they put some
of my hand oh oh you want to put some
salt in there not yet it's hot buddy
good job okay there are these companies
that connect you with the business with
pace and I had worked with this company
before and they bring an idea to you
they say hey do you want to work out
with it and you say basically yes or no
obviously most the time we say no
because I like Alice I don't even know
that in I'm not that interested and I've
mentioned that in the blog before
there's negotiating if you're going to
get paid or not I bring me a free
product what you're going to post when
you're going to post it and then you
have to come up with the creative ideas
within their guidelines one of their
guidelines was that it had to be some
medium chunky salsa I did also by mild
for the kids but that's what you have to
follow me normally things are very just
naturally flowing but I'm getting a
little creative this time all the cheese
to be able to be displays on the table
so I put the towel underneath to kind of
prop it up so when I fill it up you can
see it the beans let me get really be
able to see but the that's cool it's
purple and then this I put a little
little one of Noah's cups in it
then there's actually not a tennis often
there I save the packages if we don't
eat it all we can save it yeah very for
fiesta oh are you ready for fiesta you
look cute these every me go to be a
Mossad is we eat tacos often the only
thing that's not really accurate about
this we usually don't put streamers up
for it but you know you got to make it
fun I don't even know if it will
actually make it in the shot but it's
time for taco night and that's that with
that fun hopefully there's no revision
that's the worst one I we didn't like
guys like Mike right but I usually it
actually doesn't happen I feel like feel
like when nail it I know we said that
all Jenica zinc gems are going to go to
the house savings I think all of our
instagrams in general should just start
going there and then videos and things
will pay for our business so there you
have it if you guys have any questions
that I didn't cover I kind of went over
that quickly let me know and I can cover
it in another video when you do an
integration with the company they
usually pay you just like a flat fee
there are some that I think we might
start working with with gin mill with
makeup that you pay pay you per like and
like engagement so be for every like you
get paid a certain amount which is kind
of intense it'll be interesting to see
how that goes hopefully we can continue
to work with cool companies push out fun
cool content it's basically like a bonus
picture instead of there being nothing
posted at all you get an extra picture
like that so after we eat i'm going to
edit it really quick and commit it to
them that's actually the hardest part
for me is that if i'm in the photo I'm
not
yet so I don't know what it looks like i
usually don't always get exactly what I
want what's good enough got done with my
workout feeling good feeling great how
are you again if you have any other
questions for me let me know here is how
the pictures turned out the next video
to make is how i edit pictures because
really it shouldn't take me that long to
make that it's not that crazy to be
honest tomorrow i think i'm going to try
and cut know his hair but I kind of
think it would be cool if I got good at
that we'll see he'll probably be a
disaster so yes we'll see you tomorrow
daddy more like your acne Wow oh no a
boy
