good morning sweet world no I just got
another sticker and I like all the
advice that you guys gave us we're gonna
do two weeks or almost two weeks this
time and then after the two weeks if
he's successful which he probably will
be then we're going to start doing a
prize every month and we decided that
the prizes wouldn't always be something
like a toy but more so a trip to the
trampoline place different activities
that we normally typically do but
they'll be extra special it's actually
been pretty cold lately be cold free
here I should say it's been 50s high of
60 maybe so that's actually pretty nice
for the rest of the country but for here
it kind of feels cold I expected the
temperatures to dip here but I think
I've said this before it actually feels
like we have seasons here which is kind
of cool I brought you guys to the
bathroom though because I wanted to show
you something although this might be
kind of gross
remember that scorpion that was in the
light I think I showed that in a live
stream we had a scorpion in our light it
was unable to escape and I think it's
actually dead so I think that's a
scorpion poop too kind of disgusting all
right look away if you don't want to see
this I'll tell you when you can look
back there's the scorpion you made it
inside guessing that's poop or something
I'm gonna clean this out Oh
so I'm guessing he must have slipped
through there cuz that's all jagged I
was thinking maybe he came from outside
three like the power but I think he was
just looking for something warmer you
know how bugs are with the light we we
hadn't seen any scorpions inside the
house for a very very long time and we
are getting sprayed and stuff so just uh
one of those things about living here
and I guess this neighborhood has a lot
when we're looking to buy a house let's
try and find one where there aren't as
many at least uh clean if you were
looking away you can look again now
that's your game face one of our nightly
rituals lately aside from hu trivia has
been playing hockey ball these little
sticks
Noah's got a goal I'm usually not laying
down for it I'm usually on my knees but
Noah has been having a really good time
at preschool lately and yesterday there
was an HQ trivia question about the
Pledge of Allegiance and when it came up
he also started to recite it and just
blew us away do you wanna come do the
pledge here come over here
okay ready I'll start I'll help you out
okay start it starts off with I pledge
allegiance One Nation where did you
learn that preschool from preschool you
guys recite that every time the flag the
pledge well he always come so many he
has so much to say and then after about
10 minutes he's done talking about it
for the day he just doesn't want us glad
it wasn't good but it's like is this
that moment where your kids in school
and they come home and then they say
fell are you like the baby's learning so
you like different songs it's also a
constant reminder of how smart toddlers
are how great their memories are and how
careful you have to be just with
anything you say how you treat them
because they will remember and they're
super smart and they're just like a ball
of clay right now they're just gonna
mold and form to whatever they learn is
that the baby so what are we gonna name
the baby what name are you gonna name
the baby oh yeah baby name the baby
dukka dukka teeth very good color okay
PJ what do you have there
ah you say monkey yeah say monkey Oh
ladies and gentlemen the moment I've
been waiting for hot ones season what
season is it five that YouTube show I
love so much I showed you guys the hot
sauce that I had ordered I actually
think I got the wrong one because I
watched the first episode
there's like a million Scoville units
and this is something like 300 this is
mad doc 357 they've like the Gold
Edition they have different ones I yeah
this still is intense but yeah I don't
know maybe I'll have to get the other
one but let me show you what I got in
the mail today
well once you open them though they need
to put them in the fridge the next time
I go to Chelsea Market in New York I
have to go to heinous I think that's
where this is located I think that isn't
that what they said on the show however
the new hot sauces they are reusing some
of them I don't want to do this like a
crazy crazy challenge but at least a
taste test to me her not to try so you
should do the rage of the way Rachael
Ray spoonful I'll do that
that day on phones and maybe he wants to
try some of these too
yeah you guys check this out check this
out the labeling very very nice inside
box number one you got hash tag state
spicy I feel like if I worked for
hedonist I would have come up with that
yeah stay sweaty stay spite so you got
the sticker oh this one actually looks
guy smoked ghost pepper this is the they
got it from
it's from Hawaii it's there like a lot
it's possible away damn stay hot smoking
spicy mild broth the heat meters it's
like liquidy very liquidy interesting
and then I also got ancho and more eita
it's a really good I'm inspired with
time I mean does that timer you know
wait I didn't see that one on the list
yeah this is one of them really oh this
is it pairings glazed pork belly tacos
you sure as much other things
grilled chicken baked beans yeah one of
the first ones not positive early
earlier anything I really like these
they pick good ones yeah these ones they
they seem to have a good flavor just hot
sealed with wax that's cool that's right
look at that one this wax stamp Dawson's
house
sus sus began today oh you see that
one's very orange it looks like buffalo
sauce
Oh looks like a buffalo then you have
the karma sauce extreme karma oh right
yeah I have heard butternut squash I
think this is the one of the show where
it it was like oh this isn't too bad and
then I was like whoa New York's most
award-winning condiment mm and then this
the Bronx green market hot sauce yeah
this came from isn't this like from
Gardens Oh Gardens maybe yeah it's like
Rob that's something about it's like
only made in the Bronx or something yeah
so he's excited which one you're gonna
try tonight it's hard not to try and
what is good so I tried the Karma that's
actually did a little less a little
forkful and pretty spicy this is the
ancho and more it just more Tita
actually and I actually tried the bit
let's write this out too
that's kind of a smoky flavor yeah Jenn
says she does not like the smell of it
the main ingredient is I might eat each
time a teen chili paste which I think
it's the reason I don't like that's like
a sweet tie my name is tama deand oh
yeah those brown yeah
hoop lookin things I love Tamarindo
juice yeah so the taste
rookie mistake
I took too big of a bite when I have to
talk after this one is the first in the
lineup it's nice but it's not really
specially it would be spicy to someone
that's like I don't like spicy things
are good things are spicy it wasn't
really spicy to me there but it was like
a very smoky barbecue which I don't
really like it smoky Melissa's plate
goes well with pork lays pork belly
tacos pastrami sandwich grilled chicken
happy things we did chicken tacos
complements it very well
