he's a good morning Penelope's wearing
her two-piece jammies I think the first
time she's got two piece jammies she's
all fathers had an entire bowl of
blueberries and an entire piece of toast
she's very hungry eat her when she wakes
up very happy and it's fun in his right
now like she doesn't want a nurse that's
not why think you're sick sick age and I
are both know bae was just a spin in
like a little I don't even know what and
it looks detective was very grateful yes
you stop spin do it come on you guys
don't that time nice time do to me where
you just stood there though good oh it's
like genuinely so I hope you ate you're
so into in my full song I can't do know
okay it's turned off you lose your head
okay turned off thank thank you forget
I've dated ballerinas and I was like
that doesn't mean your ballerina but
clearly is you've got quite the turn on
you never kissing don't believe it also
I'm probably reading a pretty fun book
right now I never usually mention the
books I'm reading but I forget we're
like a no-go I said 30 why I've recently
under back up literally just not in my
hand okay so i actually saw this book
through justice from suggestion um from
my friend Molly yet from the melia show
her Instagram what is the book even
called Oh lot of glass called Thrones
black series it's not your pretty cool
it's about this girl is an assassin and
it's actually been a really fun read so
far I'm only fifty percent away
otherwise your exact way about halfway
um and it's like a long book so it's
nice i like 300 to 400 facebook
sometimes I'll read some 200 Facebook's
but i like them along because you're
buying it i make it last a while anyways
actually really good so branches in this
series right now and you kind of like
that its face when their kings and
queens you know so but it's really fun
to read the jewel series the jewel
series was a really good one jewel
series that was the one to surrogates I
believe chemical garden was another good
one like that and which I've been
reading a couple good series right now
if you're interested that's what I've
been reading thrown a black guys do you
like these look free that one is pretty
good and even in her Instagram she's
like this has been such a fun series to
read and I was like oh that sounds good
i'm always looking for new book
suggestions so i agree and i'm only
halfway through the first one and
there's like four or five books
Mystery's which makes me really happy
the only some there's more books for a
good first book you know let me he's not
reading anything I think this month I
know the past two weeks I've read I
don't know at least ten book no dunno
but i like to write a lot i also read
like I had my my serious book that I
read her like high school a level books
high school love stories that are just
silly and fun to read like Gilmore Girls
no that's a series to watch we started
it yet what you need to start it you
with you because you know you would like
it and you'd binge watch it you've been
to our shoes all night so just watch
that one yeah the lake i'm currently on
season six almost done with season six
and then there's just one more season
after that and then the new season zone
really excited i speaking a break from
watching remember also watching way too
much of it watch gilmore girls though
okay honestly don't wait until the last
e to the rain just on Netflix because
and you want that for a while painting
so you don't Gentile diz eating house
yeah that's what every drawer version he
pulls all the towels out of the drawer
nice to come back in a drawer he calls
them back out the drawer one thing that
we've barely done which we need to do
more often because in the handful of
times we've done it it's actually did
some of our most fun videos and times
that I've enjoyed
on youtube and that is challenge videos
so today we have to set up and you guys
this is already on YouTube you probably
saw it if you didn't already go watch it
we're doing the How well do you know me
challenge hey whip cream in my nose
today it's lingers and stays forever
mine yeah so if you guys enjoyed this go
watch right now put a card here let us
know what challenge to do next I think
we could do one or two a week have you
fun doing to help out yeah what song
were you singing over your Halloween all
through the town okay turn off the ipad
you've been watching your your nursery
songs and blippy actually really like
blue be like he talks about a lot of
different things that no i love and the
songs definitely not cater to me but as
far as the sun are you excited okay so
mommy and I are going to ask each other
questions and then you're going to put
the whipped cream on our face if we mess
up okay sissy you just keep me lunch
what is daddy's favorite color mommy's
favorite color the guys are currently
trying to move David's car because she
is it's broken beyond repair so he's
selling it to a junkyard but everyone
through all three of them are just
flipping out there I missed all the slip
the heavy car it was buried under ice
and me and David where else could always
smell out but most of David get it most
of the work yeah yeah yeah you can't
fall down deep fell down don't know
downhill denim who says the camera on
though when everyone's long enough
there's like oh yeah me and if you do it
it's like I see out there and cold and
frozen
and the car will not even go to drive or
anything please car does have our strong
man wrong bad ah drop men whoa i just
don't think I've gotta guys are flipping
on camera I'm sorry here you take it you
take it you take it it's cold i'm
freezing cold ah take it dude good so
gnarly yeah fail compilation 2017 when
some runners can become i think about
your car is gonna hit that like that is
literally like I'm not to try and grab
my garbage beulah ok huh we did it and
only took you know like three hours ish
that's a beast i'm rachel i say hospital
mmm i'm glad you guys something really
exciting puppy all of my childhood
drinks your cousin well i think in a
Barbie Jeep what oh no this is good a
very cheap this is better than a bar BTW
i think i'll kids some point in their
life we're still kids deserve to get to
disney world
mmm I'm Aaron huh my sister might have
never been to Disney World my sister's
over to Florida that's where we ain't
goin up to do but I've never been to the
beach in port and one of the times we
weren't because my sister was Pocahontas
performing at two new roles like a
weekend or something so we all drove out
and I just got butterflies and
excitement I felt I'm gonna be filling
em again and I've already today Lee
Natalie different from the summer
because knows already more into them
yeah oh my why do it okay okay oh wait
let me beat you Rachel yeah hold on wait
let me show you this trick okay can't
flip the screen on today first of all
shout out to josh and Joey who are
helping make this happen yes we are
saving to buy a house yes isn't written
really really Kelly shocker now because
we're trying to figure out we're gonna
do over the next couple months our lease
is up in like a month mm-hmm that moves
to month the month mm-hmm so that i'm
going to do and we need more money to
like feel financially stable because
like we are asked to big as youtubers we
don't have the financial freedom the
other believe my watch happy now so
always have to be careful and nothing's
guaranteed you know you can write them
thanks guys thanks you guys for being
there for us hopefully we can continue
to bring a great content yeah this
chance this will be so much fun so some
type of the reasons I'm so excited ok so
Marty likes ready to plant things we
can't reserve them not yet because it's
not the month of that's believe this
there's Liberty spotlight there's the
disney card there give me Star Wars
character experience almost frozen soon
oh no I love that Teddy training which
no watches on YouTube oh yeah no wonder
he actually do it that anything i don't
you'd it BBT screwed you watch it though
hard to the first yes everything Star
Wars me oh no Elsa oh yeah jewbacca me
Chewbacca I can't agreed wanna make sure
Barca he's really scared of kylo Ren and
Darth Vader yes he keeps talking about
how he wants to see dr. stark gibberish
which is old buddy because that's really
when we get there you see some up close
to the music
you're terrified cuz they're like
intense there it's kind of like the air
Disney Princesses maybe we should do
Disney Princesses frozen like Ohana yeah
we or meet with you meet FMO oh yeah and
woody and he would love us and come to /
stormtroopers for sure like those will
have to like really focus on that so
that's all you pretty awesome we didn't
get to do any of that it doesn t like I
don't think they have as much and
they're much more or just here now isn't
anything I don't know you can customize
your magic man a bracelet as your ticket
right like that's our way in I think you
need to under your ticket and other
things here is Samuel is Magic Band
another's different color so we
recognize there's only three days left
till we do this rather pay for the beat
what color you're gonna do I don't know
I kind of liked his drink yeah I mean he
should do good right I never ever
thought I would go to Disney World I
hope I hoped one day to go disney world
I'm so good and I'm even more excited I
my sister get that come with us cuz
we're going to be like little school as
we've never fit where are you more
excited than the kids they're still a
little young for disney world's been
thoroughly resin business for the adult
that's expect yeah so we going there
will be there for a couple days and
we're staying at a really fun little
resort that we got hooked up with a nice
discount then we're gonna be at the
wedding but once had a very beautiful oh
yeah part of florida by the ocean and
make a nice little retreat and marsh we
are vacations are always just to go see
family this is like right actually like
the barriers like baked a family
vacation I mean really it really is you
know our first thing on vacation yes
crazy gosh it's so exciting here's the
question of the day those of you that
love Disney World where's your favorite
thing to do at Disney World what is
something that we must eat where I me
must ride I want to something we must
see or do show just post in the comments
what your favorite things are and if we
see multiple the same thing
we'll make sure to do it and we'll
obviously bought it so you can
experience it too yes but growing up as
kids we will wheel on a few family
vacations I want on a few with my dad
and a few different ones my mom but but
we never could do this type of thing
because far away from California Calvary
the Florida is pretty dang far and with
five kids that wouldn't happen we did do
disney disney land when we were kids and
stuff so i'm going to see the giant
cinderella castle and also we have never
celebrated we always say we're gonna do
an anniversary trip and we never do so
this is kind of not really need to check
i had something planned birthday that's
true he did have everything i need to be
sillier a little bit children was like
yes and actually i have nothing in the
water I'm just kidding no I know what I
don't anyway you do something up no i
didn't i was getting really excited
they are evil owners they are not eating
that I'm sorry everybody deserves this
Lisa but I work out yesterday
