yeah what's up dude you ready to do this
I'm nervous camera started on this we're
doing be how do you know my dad
challenged the average showered and we
look like this because we know that
accurate oh you got the with me we're
letting arterials pies in the face yes
we messed up you will be performing be
so high I face and okay you ready yeah
okay how did I break my heart oh ok
victory I'm definitely should know this
I know it either oh I want to say it's
no related wow what is a nice touch a
straight face that looks hot roller
blading no rollerblading the role is
leading haul anything am I book you can
nobody yes ha ha ha ha okay guys good
guys please try to do learn more for two
sons can't you what was the name of my
treatment other way
oh we go like the Baba okay then I guess
I already okay okay Andrew Matthew no
wrong jack Zach Kevin Mike aaron eckart
Alex no no no we got done Mathewson one
more Who am I missing who are the one
more fight this got it got it got it got
it okay my next question there's a muddy
easy actually a true or false my parents
lives in the same apartment complex true
just competing about people when they
are divorced yes I am okay new question
others i have okay here we go what is my
favorite video game I saved my favorite
come open it i play no wasn't a zelda
ocarina easy that's right most people
with it oh god no okay that's enough I
didn't do very much on your plate okay
hold on help no get up okay ready
something like this I put in among see
you can't quite your nose yes I don't
know listen your point to where my plane
okay no I can't you okay next question
right Nemo my bridesmaid okay no baby I
can do this
that's me Hayden Raquel Rachel hey
Shelby Courtney Jordan ok so is about my
job just like that what's my favorite
how do we in chocolate candy bar oh
that's because I can say Harry baby that
I've got a tu brazo you know college ok
ok ok i pull the Matabele Snickers no
way i would say midnight off ebay but i
would have accepted them nothing way as
everything everywhere I remember I don't
biology it how are you not supposed to
do I'm not the force yeah you and hold
it you want to get your face too yeah
sure you ask you a question ok ask them
a question hey what is daddy's favorite
color mommy's favorite color
that's great yeah devizes yeah you got
it right ok she ask you another question
not be really why what's it with death
favorite uh with that favorite food ok
pile in the face ok I just need to take
this up to know if it looks longer yeah
ok ok what habit I have any higher oh ok
clean a little creamer hi Daddy one two
three go Jimmy come up other than harry
potter what was my favorite childhood
book growing up oh how many boys already
hit the fire view the Boxcar Children
little setback oh sorry boys grade boys
look Wow
ah brindle one two three nothing to help
us this towel supposed to block around
back whipped cream you okay okay okay I
me I got on my favorite book series oh
ok but I can no I did you help you down
there ain't no wifey have we done now
what was my ao3 name growing up just the
habit basically I damn pickle man I can
wait Ethel what I remember but ok this
week I really do wanna hear you know
okay well she's crazy Amy us cus good
question ah ok ok
I would ok Oh what would my favorite
bands gaya a bunch of know there's one
and that's horas concert you know that
simple one ping it I shall human clue
what was the fake for it was the first
concert I ever went to it was pretty
dirty pop put into this I know what
instrument i played know what is Oh Nate
anomaly ok ok I was amazing what's up
there do you change right now I would
say now it's summer because of the kids
but I'm gonna say fault got it got it
got it I got it I got it what was the
name my first childhood pet dog Barney
wasn't in my first time you've never
talked about it what was my husband oh
my god I've ever owned either yesterday
you know it there's only one I've ever
wrong looking up Gretchen you're
besmirching um other than a dog with
another pet other than fish that we had
very good oh my
read another thing did you have it was
my little corny turtle Teresa we later
free to the wild after like okay time
you were questioned each other what was
I be a teacher named eligible what that
is the most ridiculous question ever
like your parents don't even know that
ready I'm straight that's Greer that's
all right name I know okay ah before I
play growing up and I was all grown up
his work with it hey all this work yeah
how did what is it only heal let's draw
it like this an open question no and
there's not very much okay but Ron it is
some serious sport uh in high school no
let's growing up again of everything no
ignite I growing up yes I don't really
good question yeah you know yeah but
like I would just missed three genetics
feeling in the crop that would have been
more like better known others won't
agree because everyone grows up like
soccer Lee okay what's books that I play
interview in college and your murals and
college classes yeah no I'm not okay
good good drew yes lots pushing and even
ya know covered in some cream is a scare
them so when I drink milk our allocation
2% 1% i ah roma for school oh no lets
you know baby you're so mean what was my
favorite games playing neighbors gonna
kick the can no no let's go get you over
time no way I'm sorry let's do I get you
throw up do it we hope you enjoyed our
get to know it's no use post in the
comments which challenge we should do
next we mentioned the voice-over
challenge my husband does my voice overs
I really wanted a game or same relative
problems hilarious so that would be next
anyway hope you enjoyed today's video
and the clean one I might mention window
oh yeah sure okay you're gonna do it hey
