I would say hi you just hurt us shin we
are currently sitting in the parking lot
of the Museum of curiosity down in
Thanksgiving Point yeah I'm actually
meeting up with my really good friend
Shelby and Maddy and we're gonna take
our kids to the museum we have never
been here so we are very excited now it
just keeps talking about how he wants to
meet with his friends and they're not
quite here yet
so we're just eating some lunch in the
car I got some wax teas and uh this
little baby's got some piggy tails today
look at the camera hi some pigtails for
this is and this kid didn't want he's
not feeling his best still I was almost
cancelled I really did he was so excited
to come but he's it's it's gonna go one
of two ways
great today I'm hoping it goes well and
that he's enjoys himself just feel
really bad he's getting molars he's got
a little stuffy nose so I don't know
what why not feeling good one of those
reasons but hopefully hopefully he feels
okay I brought my double stroller so he
can sit down if he needs to and
hopefully we'll have a good time
yep we got the double stroller so we're
just hanging out relaxing in the car
Noah loves being able to be in the car
without being buckle your chairs in
there anyway we're really excited no it
just wants to see his friends okay
do you guys who have iPhones with like
the update hey when you're texting and
it goes to like this little like write
your own message thing oh I hate it if
you guys are gonna try it off please let
me know because I cannot stand when it
switches and I accidentally write
something and then it's just like I'm
sending random messages to my friends
and so annoying so if you know how to
fix that you know there's two seats one
for you one for sissy sissy right
pigtail baby girl this place is amazing
by the way
are you avoiding taking pictures in
there no bugs are you filming and their
shelves in May oh hi yeah you too
you're cute too shoes like to get out
now pull it again Betty pop really hard
won't you good job
she's so rad my job she's like orange
yeah I know I like to I'm so excited
little city each room has something
different that place is freaking amazing
Museum today got in Lehigh and it is so
cool I was bypassed there and go there
every single freaking day if I lived
down here it just makes me want to move
even more so Fred we're gonna cry the
whole way home because I wish I lived by
my girlfriend's power I went to school
with so fun
a lot of people we know the lead you
went to schools and things they all
moved down this way oh my god
I have to open I love Logan it has a
special place in my heart but I'm ready
to move on
did you have a good time he is so tired
so he's heating up
baby's gonna take a nap that's cool the
family's home I'm no longer blue I'm
trying to make my face there yeah no
longer blue cuz they're home we're gonna
see if she wanted to walk but okay can
you walk
come walk to me I'm gonna hide from you
oh no she's getting like four teeth in
right now
it's really painful area here is Noah
yeah okay okay there you go very nice
anyways I missed these beets today Jenna
told me to have a pretty relaxing day
today so that I did played some games
did a livestream some of you guys were
there and it was good but I was like oh
man all my peeps how was your time my
friends we want to move and be by all my
yeah well possibly could honestly I need
to check work character checks but we
could move in in like two months or or
less yeah I was like oh we can only go
out there and rent until we find a place
to buy but decisions decisions
okay Jen's dad even sent her a link to
our house and it's not like rich is
Howard he lives
so huge like Facebook a house and like
you like Madison like he doesn't like
Medicine and a week from today we will
be in Arizona I'm going to GD & Jerry's
wedding and we'll be staying with
friends someone that I served my mission
with and the Dominican Republic we
communicate a lot but we haven't
actually seen each other in person in
eight years you doing a better buddy no
he's like totally exaggerating it out
that I asked Oh so these kids asleep
and I think Jenna and I are gonna get
our workout done inside that house maybe
some push-ups and sit-ups at least 20
minutes of something we just found out
today that we might actually Jen and
myself might be on a little new YouTube
show or I don't know her odd to say
anything about it but we might be in an
episode with someone that we really love
and one of my favorite people in the
entire world yeah I don't know if I'll
ever say anything yet no that's like I'm
not just saying that to build drama but
we might go from Arizona to California
so well soon know yeah like we're after
two and just like hang out for a day yes
okay that'd be fun so we gotta get these
kids feeling better again before we
leave we got a week's time hey how's
your teeth what's running their head hmm
I want to move this I can get into the
grill but I don't know how to
communicate that okay put this over here
we actually kind of want to play with
this
what is that the line is it glowing I
forgot about the grill already I think
I'm gonna play this lion mom do you see
me know what
the next melding good morning
we've been up for a while this is he
went to bed early so he was up early and
baby decided to wake up with him even
though she went to bed after him I'm
actually about to leave before a
doctor's appointment I haven't talked
about this at all on the vlog because
I've been trying to just deal with it
but I've had a lot of wrist pain in this
my left wrist
it's I do like hold the baby I do a lot
of things with this wrist even though
I'm right hand dominant I used this him
a lot anyway I've just acquired a lot of
pain in my wrist and I've just been
dealing with it it's been months I just
haven't talked about it anyway the pain
is not getting better I've just been
trying to see if they don't just like
like resolve itself but it's not so I'm
finally finally going to the doctor to
get it looked at Sam kept telling me
last year to go to the doctor get looked
at because I was complaining so much and
so I'm finally doing it I think I may
have a cyst in my wrist something wrong
the tendons I don't really know my dad
thinks it might be a cyst but I'm just
gonna go get looked at because now the
pain is going into the top of my hand
and the under part of my hand
and sometimes the pain goes up to my
elbow it's mostly just my wrists so
hopefully everything is okay and I don't
need any type of surgeries or anything
I'm kind of nervous I'm kind of nervous
that like I'm gonna have to get
something removed or that there's
something bad I don't know so I'm
nervous maybe deep decks lay down oh yes
no one's gonna jump out hello necklaces
funnel no he he think we was like so
we'll take x-rays but I'm feeling yours
can come back normal so yeah he looked
at it and I told there was pain all day
long he thinks he's like well he like
wrote down everything my file he wrote
down everything like they're gonna
search for everything
yeah dude x-rays and he's gonna call me
about them either or no they're gonna
come back normal
no actually show like every bone maybe
it's a little bit early man I'm not sure
but no nothing's wrong with my bones
it's something else
Christenson today we Skyped and she said
that she had the same pain good kids
because of the way you write your baby
and then they get heavier yeah she's so
tired
yeah and I think that she went to the
doctor and got it to go and they said it
was carpal tunnel ah yeah yeah we're
like a brief more this story needs to
get more under wearing normal size also
Noah walks over here picking these up
says mom on a shopkins what our shopkins
but to get to get chickens excited again
it's cute you Wilbur baby chicky ticka
ticka ticka ticka look at that face
again hi boo
so Baxter's already came back for my
wrist and they came back normal which I
knew they would because my issue is not
with my bones which I knew I don't know
so that's the horn and it wasn't even to
go to the doctor in the first place
because I knew that's what they were
gonna do and I knew it was in the come
back normal and so I was just knowing
that I wasted my morning doing that when
he clearly has no idea she's like well
he says it could be tendonitis he says
it could be overuse he says it could be
this and this nice and I'm like ok but
did you have an idea what it actually is
so yeah but she's like there's a couple
different things there opee or you can
just stop using your wrist for a while
but I did find my wrist brace and I've
been wearing that so hopefully that
helps
so yeah still clueless just kidding but
really it gets a little frustrating you
know what's up welcome to the hair
family I do a haircut so bad I kind of
like it when it gets like long and crazy
but at the same time it takes like half
a bottle of product just to get it out
of my face
I'll continue my another time but uh I
gotta fix the tears right now this is
how you do it ready guys ready Oh has
anyone seen my green ball I can't seem
to find it anywhere where is it where is
let's play some ball boy here we go
whoa let's see you make it whoa
dunk okay he's back okay let's see it
that's a long shot oh nice man that's
close your face is blue and this little
baby is teething break yeah one and done
one and I think that's the culprit I'm
sorry it was it me it was mom and they
got recalled that's funny if it's funny
we're recording it okay what I have to
get picked on places like people that
want to sell stuff they come to me
because they see me as like a target no
they see you it's very approachable so
it's like walking to go check out at
Sam's Club just now and this kid younger
than me was there and you know they like
special people there at Sam's Club in
that one area yeah they're selling
something makeup lotions oh yeah yeah
today well I was walking out from this
guy just kind of approached me music hey
let me tell you about this you know this
product this lotions oh look so here put
out your hand and then he puts it like
right in my hand
I think pumps them in use they can rub
it on the back of your neck why I was
like
the back of my neck and they're like
that's like okay like I felt nice my
next burning right now about money so
like cold sensation I'm like why is it
so uncomfortable was like a cooling
creams like do you often you have like
you know aches and pains muscle hurting
boy you know I was like really like
games so like icy hot but lotion me you
know you don't like play sports or
something I was like yeah it was like an
icy hot well this rides all right here
it's like weird like right here I'm like
oh I felt bad because I was some good
Los Feliz like oh my buzz she's like
laughing Theresa well she's things it's
so pretty to have the under head right
now funny is that he's so funny I'm
gonna do you've got apple everywhere Oh
daddy's gonna copy you oh there's you
guys I'm currently making dinner Sam has
a basketball game tonight
I'm making gnocchi my grandma used to
hand make our gnocchi and it was the
best thing of life but I'm not that
fancy tonight so we got back
to infinity
