so we're up and ready to go for the day
and I thought I was doing a great thing
by taking my kids to toddler time but I
guess they change the time or they
changed it last year and I just forgot
there's no
I hope no it's still under of course
more time alright the baby is asleep and
now we are going to play in the snow and
I'm currently wearing Sam's really too
big for me
snow fit I don't have my own something
and I look kind of all done up cuz I
just have to take a picture huh
what I'm coming here there's something
for me
Wow I had yet to lay in the snow
there's no tunnel still pretty good oh
good on this let me go for a little sled
ride right hoping for it now you gotta
put your feet up forget sometimes that
Jenica grew up in California snow is
actually still super meter I made a
little flooding hill for me snow helps
me revert back to being a kid again
building snowmen snow forts sledding
down the hill and feeling the rush of
cold air
okay ready
sometimes I wish I could just slow down
time to the good old days
but really it's moments like these they
go forever look back on
Oh
the good
how's it going people Jen's going out
with some friends tonight it's your
friend Rachel's birthday or was her
birthday and then our friend Stacy's
birthday thing tomorrow so they're
having like a little birthday
get-together
you're like it so cute put those back on
can we hope you put those back on no
where'd your sunglasses go look she's
trying to put them back on you want me
to help you put them back on
yeah you're wearing mine I don't know
where yours are they in the house we
haven't really needed sunglasses lately
no I hate tie from the Sun on his face
in the car hey who's that movie star
right there what's up girl
what's up oh yeah you need up okay Oh
what's up dude you wearing my sunglasses
it's like huge on you was it cool you
like them
hi could you see me with them on yeah
you can see me all right how many
fingers am i holding up okay how many
fingers am i holding up now how many
fingers I'm holding up now no way how
many is this
but good job dude we've never even
really done that so that was actually
pretty good
I'm proud of you man you're smart how's
your shades do you like them they match
your outfit
dude Center all the ladies are out
partying when we
nice a hero
how was that euro good Joe funny in with
deep I had seen that Greek place on an
app there's this hooked app
I think it's global this is not
sponsored or anything but on the app you
can get like sometimes free food or buy
one get one free there's always deals at
different places and I had seen I was
like I've never seen that buzz before I
want to go check it out this I like
trying new things I like supporting
small businesses and especially local
businesses and it just made me sad
because there was like no one there we
were there from 6 to 7 and no one came
in except for us
it was pretty good it wasn't the best it
wasn't the best but I enjoyed it
the euro was good the rice was decent
good flavor
I just always feel bad but more people
go there bed asleep I went out to dinner
with a couple of my girlfriends for the
birthday burger my friend Rachel's
birthday with her and Stacey that was
really fun and Sam went up to there with
David and Noah did I had a PJ with me um
and I guess on the way home Noah fell
asleep at like 7 o'clock in the car and
instead of waking him back up we just
took him to bed oh he kind of woke back
up and we're getting him in his jammies
this week but he stayed and we like
hadn't get ready for bed though so he
was asleep asleep for the night at like
728 kind of crazy the baby just went to
bed at 8:30 so she went to bed an hour
after dawn and knew she's in bed an hour
before Noah so it's just kind of funny
he is just so tired
we everyone get some good rest we're all
tired anyway I hope you guys had a fun
day Sam is currently at mutual with the
young men in our ward playing basketball
and yeah we've got a lot of cleaning up
done today
still needs a little work but it's
getting there our dresser you can kind
of you can see the top of our dresser so
that's a good sign and you can see our
floor which is another good sign so I'm
gonna fold some laundry and uh yeah you
ready for bed okay see you tomorrow
there's a strong possibility that we
might be getting our hair cut today it's
not like we need to get our hair cut or
anything I was pretty short what do you
want I thought I didn't know what he was
saying I thought he was saying he wanted
to hear but he says he wants a what
a tail a rat tail on your hair where did
you learn that
where'd you learn that
kid man I don't know where they pick
things up but they do hey doin
