oh it's elastic that's cute and beyond
my suit in tire this is a student idea
oh my gosh this tie is awesome it's
elastic you know where that on Sunday no
church we can match you and daddy will
match oh my goodness look at you dude
you're so handsome
it's kind of funny with Noah all the
shirts and things I get him I get like
three to four toddler three to four but
pants he's still 2 to 3 it's really
funny
he's just broad torso oh wow I only wear
this to church okay and then we take it
off when we get home or do you want to
wear a shirt and tie every day wait come
here Noah come show me I can't see you
got to come closer look so handsome
wait are you wearing a tie yeah what
color is your time blue so is your mouth
does that yellow blue tie
why should you a match you wear this in
time we could match man today I am extra
grateful that this kids probably trained
because he's gone poop three times three
times on the potty seriously three times
in the potty he's got a pee-pee like six
times okay during the whole part rains
like week he didn't go pee or poop this
many times in a day
like as any times guys before noon it's
been kind of insane I don't know what
eating and drinking going right through
him today cute Thank You Sinclair you
figured that out the to to start because
you broken and how to buy it and I broke
somewhere huh oh my chance to bring you
airplane yeah well you got away to here
since it's not coming for a whole year
but yeah it's another snowy day it's
currently snowing again officially over
winter it would be it would be a little
better like next winter like wouldn't
know what a few J can both go out and
play it'll be better but it's so hard
what do you want to say to the camera
you wanted me to turn it back on what
you want to tell the people know what
twins it's in the Frog it is princess
frog
I like the alligator he's my favorite no
okay so the kids have needed just a few
things because this winter has been long
and cold and I did not we didn't really
buy anything for Noah this winter lasts
until we bought him and kind of like do
it every like season kind of get a few
things and some of this stuff still fits
so like this long-sleeve shirt is from
last year and though they still kind of
it they're a little small but we're
wearing my you'd be in the fashion and
the only thing we've really brought are
these pants and like a one sweater so I
kind of want hmm because they always
have everything is so cheap on H&M and
the kids clothes are so cute so I kind
of did a little splurge for them but
nothing I bought one thing was $14 a
rest was $10 and under so most of the
things I got were on super sale like I
got like a sweater $5 so
kind of Awesome anyway no one needs new
church clothes because he's grown out of
his pants and his hand-me-down pants and
everything his sweaters and stuff so so
his clothes are handy then I found this
shirt on hmm and it comes with a tie and
I normally we kinda just do like pull
those and things like we don't really do
like shirt and tie quite yet for him at
least we just didn't think about it but
he loves ties and he wore a tie for
Grammys little tea party and or no you
weren't a vest and he loved it and in
fact yeah and so I thought that we
should just go for it and have them
start wearing a little shirt and tie now
so this is so cute this was the second
most expensive thing at 12 so are you
doing it's go with it gonna try it out
when he's over this awesome um she goes
it I got these blue corduroy pants that
are so cute they're so soft I pad so
creaky so sorry fam sorry family oh
please fit it's so hard to know what
size is to get Noah because he grow so
fast but hopefully everything works out
these should be fine two to three yeah
he'll be fine
so anyway new church clothes okay
alright you're doing stuff for yourself
I was really excited
no I say I always tell Sam when I'm
making the purchase in the comments or
so I'm waiting till everybody's a little
bit I'm going to the gym right now no
wait maybe I should buy enough for that
you of whatever says you love it want to
achieve and then they'll be so excited
when you can put it on extra I'll do the
same thing I'll get an extra small we
are avid sweatpants wears over here
especially for Noah hey no no I'm sure
sorry and no all of Noah sweatpants
currently our high waters so I found him
a new pair of sweatpants he put on some
sweat pants today you got their shirts
yes
fake - whatever my shorts yeah because
we kind of where everything until we
absolutely cannot wear it anymore so I
got him a new pair sweatpants these were
on sale again they originally for 12 but
then they weren't saying for like $5 $7
I think and then I got him one more pair
of pants because we do usually only wear
what especially when we're at home all
day it's like why bother wearing like
jeans and stuff we're not going anywhere
but I saw these cute blue pants everyone
is they're so dark they look kind of
soft and stretchy still even though
they're jeans you know kind of like will
jean pants and I love him in dark pants
I don't know why I just love dark darker
pants so got those and then one t-shirt
to go because they haven't gotten any
long sleeves so I got em this acute
little long-sleeve shirt and that cute
do you like your clothes like this shirt
yeah yeah and what's fun is this shirt
will pull away he'll probably still fit
this and the sweatpants and stuff next
year that was cool
all right that's what I got for Noah
this little light of mine I'm gonna let
it shine tall string bean you let me let
me let me let me love you love you day
two of the workout challenge Jen has
completed it today dad I need to still I
woke up feeling been doing a lot of like
squats and stuff which I've never done
in my life hey are you part of the
workout challenge okay
where's your clothes you just have your
undies on are you a code bouncing slide
are you potty trained watch me nae nae
how do you whip your arms let's see it
like that that's how you whip cool now
on to really cute baby staff she needed
a few more like long-sleeve shirts she's
basically just wears the same
long-sleeve onesies that I bought her
months ago so I heard a few little
things so this these two came in a pack
of two no don't touch it baby cake it's
me
it was like two for seven or two Amelia
and they're just cute little long-sleeve
shirts to wear over onesies
I thought they it was so cute little
flowers I'm just a little pink one
because the ones that Sam had got her
are too small so got her toes and then
this one is my favorite purchase I don't
know why I buy her everything I just buy
her cats because I think they're so cute
and I almost I don't want to get her
these sweatpants that had cats on the
kneecap and once ones eyes were closed
and ones were open one was open I was
like gosh she doesn't really need any
more pants frame but I did get this
because it was on super sale for only a
couple bucks and it just says lazy
Caturday that's just so cute and jelly
has one one sweater that she wears a lot
a little bunny sweater so I got her side
she needs a little more dress that she
can wear now and into the spring to
church and stuff because Shawn has one
pink one so I found this cute one that
was on sale little circle dress it's so
cute and then with Valentine's Day
coming up I just couldn't help it I had
to buy this cute little peplum shirt
with hearts and then hey you might spill
that on the carpet mister he's currently
eating a boobie popsicle right now so
this was the most expensive purchase but
not by much a few dollars more than the
other stuff but I could help it instead
of getting the cat pants and the cute
pink coat like heart pant I splurged and
got these purple motorcycle pants they
actually were kind of pewter online
they're still really cute they're so
cute I got and we love purple on her too
I just want her to wear although I think
green is a great color and Jen doesn't
kind of do you think green is really
green the color knows anyway so that's
the last of the would I
that's my mini hmm child
Tyler baby ha oh man oh shut up
okay don't wake them up
oK we've tried on one clothing items
what are they biker pants I don't know
they're so cute I still wish I would
have gotten all of the pants I wanted
together but they're so cute baby kisses
now because I'm clean-shaven like it oh
no did get some new endures today dad
found some cute superhero underwear
when he's at the store they're sold out
of the pics are you developing sir
yeah he's excited he the Pixar kid Gary
to the car no one just did he used to
the cutest thing ever
he ran over here he saw a blue dog would
you ask him well Jess blue dog would you
ask him though would you ask him he said
did you miss me and then II kissed him
just like that okay oh you missed you
missed me in like hugged him okay that's
enough blue dog kisses give him a big
hug is he your best friend pal
do you love blue dog it's just crazy
it's like the months go by getting more
mature and grown up and becoming such a
good little boy hope it continues on
this street it would be X life you'd
sleep through the night but he's better
at listening it's awesome she at
balancing slide they have a walker there
and she took a couple steps while
pushing it and it was so cute and so
good and she just had she's grouping
that piece of grilled cheese as if her
life depends on it
she's just gripping
ripping that cheese I have that girl
cheese now uh-huh
could have it
she needs a headshot she's a plane to
Vienna I'm planning to be an extra
