now watch me whip watch me a minute and
watch me win wait watch me a minute good
morning no joke it started snowing
yesterday afternoon and it has not
stopped like literally has not stopped
snowing
it's so much snow out here don't do it
that oh my
these snowflakes are even bigger now oh
my word
these snowflakes are I'm not joking they
are huge I don't think anyone telll but
they're huge it was insane okay how high
the snow goes oh my goodness this is
crazy
it's freezing out here yeah I think I'll
stay inside all day huffing out there no
joke guys it is freezing out there
I love you okay where you going
no I'm super nice neighbors they're so
kind across the street and they haven't
snow foul and she could start on it for
us in there
I'm sorry thing but now it's just so
kind and that you did a bunch of other
neighbors driveways but look at how much
what this is yeah it's good snow someone
plowed half of our driveway yeah yeah
but every second came out and it's the
little things in life
we woke up pretty like so nice oh my
you're buried hello I'm 12 again oh man
I was actually kind of enjoying that
facial oh that's funny though every time
I shave it takes ten hours sometimes an
entire day to even realize it so I
wonder how long it will take her this
time
Cheaper by the Dozen oh yeah yeah daddy
smart lunch if I was Marty Martin you're
done makes me thinking okay so we have a
few trips coming up um so I wanted to be
prepared for Noah with the whole pie
drink stuff you know it same kind of
reacted funny let's your reaction to the
purchases they bought so what we got
Noah
first I mean I told you I was buying
these things I explained when I bought
them what these things were I just said
do what you want to do I'm not saying
I'm against it or Corey
he loves it here we go potty potty
unboxing cars like road trips we don't
want to pull the thing is actually
really cool okay do you know what this
is yeah I understand what it is and the
only reason why we have that is because
you had an incident growing up where you
had yeah be in the car
your dad made you pee in the car and you
peed in a diaper and it still haunts you
and embarrasses you I thought this is a
great invention but it's wherever
somewhere like will be you need to go
peepee and we can't you go in this
picture there was four feet high
I'm sure it will come in handy at some
point yeah also for you for me
I never I've even known wanna borrow my
car I never you always okay here's the
conversation broke a long road chip I go
oh I got to the bathroom I'm gonna stop
she's saying oh you could you could just
pee in a water bottle because jenna is
this fascination with boys being able to
basically Angelus a pika
okay so it's really cool cuz you just
kind of open this thing and their little
big game here Wow
and I knew there's a cap so nothing was
built wow I bet more people than we
think have way I just don't want it like
they become something that is like oh I
know but we need to teach them to go the
bathroom before or hold it first yeah of
course and it's not going on the plane
thank goodness I'm not gonna hold that
as disgusting that's a good idea public
places babe I tried yesterday pampered
papers bum over here what do you got
there Noah
oh you know it's cute telling us about
this item tell us about it you have poop
and pee in the potty I got you that
what's that for Noah is amazing this is
a travel seat and I thought it would be
amazing cuz it comes with the bag so you
don't have to get all gross but it folds
up and I was like this we prefer a hotel
stays and whatnot like
use the restroom in the hotel or
anywhere I think you ought to say maybe
like rock concert or something and where
did that go is that for traveling I just
he's gonna want to use it here are you
gonna show us how and he's distracted
shout out to her neighbors the injured
since you brought over Toy Story 3 oh
nice alright you know I appreciate some
of it and other things I'm like what it
says it says it's only 30 degrees
outside it feels like 21 but it feels
way colder than that Oh guys it's coming
down coming down the wind seriously just
picked up a notch like oh I wish you
could see it it is nuts out there nuts
okay it's very cooking I'm going to UM
saut√© up some zucchini and squash oh man
okay I'm gonna go get this kid inside
also something kind of funny
Utah State had their first snow day like
school cancelled in ten years ten years
it's been ten years since the weather
has been this bad and snowy and crazy
enough to cancel school I'm like dang I
wish I could add school canceled when I
was out but no such luck oh my I wish
you could hear it it's no it's really
snowy you can tell how closes out that
cuz we turn blue every time we go back
the window then it looked like they're
in like the Arctic it's really not that
blue I don't know why it's showing up so
blue
oh I don't know if you can hear it but
can you see that that kid should not be
out there okay I'm gonna go bring him
inside
hey those two they're crazy they're
crazy Sam does not look like he wants to
be out there four five six
go him
where is he Noah
oh my creepy face here I come for
something today I really like I need to
find him Hey
I don't know
I know you even there I'm off to work
out it's like I already got a workout in
today because of all the snow shoveling
but I'm not gonna make that an excuse
I'm going I'm going
Jen's already been long gone you should
look up the rewards and punishments and
decide which one I should do this kids
about to fall asleep
kids about to go to bed so guys got
squeezed to work out in real quick
where are your socks
