exercise we were neighbors know my
friends yeah we'll go find out how solid
a fine you how fake you find me a house
yeah she never relocated my horizons
what we talked about every time we're
together let me say violence ok ground
ok bye baby Wednesday we've had food and
I still a few days knowing how you feel
of this it's the level died on the way
here accordingly I love it my friends
like one day we going on the internet
right I am I just hope I can handle
settle down he's not gonna cut it out
and he's not gonna come down please miss
me all of it is right under your feet
that's going on there do it was a great
food sample comes out through color
shelf with the snow it's so romantic I
can just give you all my god i love you
i love you i can do every single man you
did last time feels great it's always
like this okay know what to keep this is
my crazy Simon how to dance man they
made Kaitlyn do my friends do dancing
they go dancing and dancing circles
there the life of the party always only
always with babies on their hips you
guys want you guys look more related 24
it's a Virgo they look more related than
I you know anyone here today figure by
to your crazy aunt you so think about it
is rainy if anyway bye bye peewee but no
okay
so jen has been out today she was with
her friends as you I saw I've been hang
out with Noah we've been playing
stormtroopers all day he needed a nap
but storm troopers don't nap sometime so
we didn't take any nap but I had a
realization just now okay when I was
younger we used to listen olongapo is
this hetero for second we used to listen
to oldies channel bowl d's 10 4.3 w j JM
ke chicago and i always said to my mom
and dad isn't it going to be weird like
when I have an old a station well I have
a trial to Sirius XM and look at the
Ivan oldies station now ladies and
gentlemen there's the 90s channel and
pop to take a god and i love my favorite
is pop suitcase over all the hits from
2000 i love it everything about that
okay honestly though I was like I was
too young to listen to mary j blige
right well i mean i wouldn't say Mary J
but I recreate my own oldies station
because these are my oldies these are
our oldest some of you out there it's
happening we're getting old and you did
you like hit that affects park today
yeah anyways we're gonna go get some
burger stuff and watch HTC which I man
explained in it I am a technological for
nerd I look forth and my jock side of my
nerd side as me has a perfect combo I
really I just like I'm obsessed with
bolt I wasn't doing YouTube I was like
that would be my dream job sports for
nerds internet for internet sports
people make fun of eastward back in the
day I was always like eSports right can
you really consider that it's short and
I don't really put them parallel as far
as like the physically competing
hey he's here ah what are we in for
dinner yep no we requested burgers I'm
making burgers anyways esports in my
opinion if it's not already will be a
billion-dollar industry of business the
miami heat in Philadelphia 76er have
invested in team so that is incredible
it's like both of my girls colliding and
I've been following along with and I've
been following along okay what did you
say bean dip okay hey raise HEC is a
league where they play this game and
it's broadcasted there's like tens of
thousands of people watching right now
and I'm really excited because two
people that I follow my gluto and San
they're playing in a couple minutes
sighs both there no no no Wednesday best
deeds at all internet acquaintances I'm
excited to watch and play tonight so in
four minutes and 30 seconds they're
going to play I will be supporting him
so my friends cuz they were at their
like so didn't use what were you doing
like similar ones before three sports
like what's this person like people sit
in like arenas and watching videos
people make fun of it but I'm telling
you there's so much money in eSports the
smart investors are finally seeing this
and they are going to get rich off of it
oh yeah that's for don't have any money
these words I'm too old to be a
professional video gamer is really hard
to keep radio at it never really went to
mind but it would be fun to work in your
court shout out what up boys do work get
it done
oh isn't be a good match it is now
sunday in the vlog block part but we
just got back from church Noah did so
well he went to nursery and what you do
in nursery Noah just trying to get a
little ticked you up we're the only make
chain train oh you have that one huh now
he's a twin what did you do in their
shoe them so I was really nervous
because he's very attached as you know
and so I knew it but I knew he needed to
go peepee soon so I just do it I went in
there expect I was happy being smashed
let's go potty and he went could we have
a little kids twin in there yep awesome
any one time is it is no accident by
medizin again and you just miss you snap
it's missing class our boys growing up
and what did you do to do you connect
with yourself uh rapid church hey short
lunch wait let's go let me get a TD oh
yeah she has a hint button obscure that
all the girls are wearing these days
purple shirt purple bow tight and some
boots the fur welcome home from church
buds it is so good do you bowl strike
hit class is awesome I assure you I mean
they have snacks a color go bowling
locally boring lectures are great all
day now I'm they're gonna nurse and it
know what to do like most nursery
teachers but they've really gotten a
gala they're so good amazing so good
with Noah he reacts really well to them
so I just like want to get him I was
like church service and everyone does it
volunteer I've on previously but I
always want to like just get it like a
gift career like a gift to just say
thank you so much because it is kind of
a harder calling no way it's really fun
but you have to have a lot of patience
and you never know how the kids are
going to act so very grateful for them
I can't remember the last time he is on
sleep in mouth again today have been a
really good sunday no one took it out
today which was amazing he woke up
because he peed his pants this means a
connected church which is always a bonus
because she doesn't usually naps in
public places anymore airy cruise yeah
okay whatever she's insane to Jamie
still don't know so it's not ready for
their big nose and yeah it's been pretty
relaxing sony has been a great sunday
what do you think well I Got You Can app
to San was so nice and wants to know
while I slept well the baby slept was I
was out cold like I've had some crazy
dreams we also are being Sam because
there are a lot of guts coming up like
weddings and such that we would like to
swim down for either that's why as women
dancers um yeah we challenged ourselves
to go to the gym every single day this
week and we're holding each other
accountable so hopefully that happens
right you believe in being done gonna
pull through me I hope I hope both of
our teams say no it's only one
everything innocent it's both of us
things you're both right now both of us
okay if anything I'm gonna go win more
than him about to go to bed it started
snowing when we're putting the kids to
sleep and in the past just a couple
hours we had to have gotten four or five
inches i found the forecast if I we're
gonna get seven to eleven this snow just
doesn't stop we just put the kids asleep
and Jen's like Sam you're shoveling
doesn't even look like it anymore you
can talk to you by looking at the
garbage cans there's like a couple
inches up on it it's just crazy crazy
crazy question of the day though Jen and
I have a bet or a challenge to each
other I guess
this week we're going to work out every
single day i think monday through
saturday whether its weight or endurance
or whatever we're going to go into the
gym where we go every single day this
week we're having a hard time coming up
with the reward and a punishment we
almost want like both like if you don't
get it done you don't get the reward and
you get punishment question of the day
what should the reward be if we complete
it it could be individual it could be
something just for me to become
something just for Jen it doesn't have
to be monetary it could be a nice dinner
I don't know help us come up with a
reward maybe if we both get it done
there's like a quarter of it work for
both of us and then also try and come up
with a punishment I need your help we're
like really like what should we do it
would be crazy I think we're going to do
well but it'll be fun to have the extra
motivation it's always good to have a
challenge alright going to sleep waking
up shoveling milk probably shaving this
nasty facial hair okay love yes see you
tomorrow
