you know what to print this in the Frog
okay we'll see if we can rent it hey
good morning potty day for honestly I
don't think anyone to be potty trained
in three days unless they're like 5 or 4
i'm going to be 3 maybe when you're
through eating pot for three days but
brilliant technically no its kind of
implies during the three days it cooked
after the second day he just went peepee
you told me he had to go and then he was
bout to fight it and then he just
sounded with it and he just went even
have to like sit there for many was
great and he has a sticker our charts
have gotten a little more lack for the
last couple days yeah this is our first
day that was our second day and then our
third day kind of he's missing a few
stickers on there and then today's chart
doesn't even have lines on it okay you
did get back well so good you just like
to put a sticker through ever so he'll
just put them work a little bit more
like okay put it in this box and like
whatever you can put the speaker
wherever you want okay have fun can see
makes the pee in the toilet I don't care
with a sticker goes hopefully today is
more smooth than he did he just told me
he had to go i don't have to make a
score the first time yeah the first cool
things I didn't have to really ask them
either i would check in with him it's
not like that's like the main thing I
feel like if you have to force your kid
to go than they're not ready if they're
willing to tell you they have to go then
they're ready I feel like that's like
the number one sign because not how to
put a diaper on during the day for four
days or three three full days we've been
doing diapers at night so because he
does drink a lot in the evening more so
than he likes that water when he goes to
bed and sweet peas a lot night so not
even attempting that until he's for the
polls when we turn three you guys would
be all over your face I'm just really
hoping that we get 0
oh ok when your for your 20 daddy's
office okay well good anyway I just
tweeted that I am very ready for summer
it's snowing again today i miss Thomas
know these kids have so many toys and
yet he doesn't want to close anything he
just wants to be bored that's why she
can't you fear little reheat ok kool no
oh oh wow look at your always ok this
has been a good time for the potty
training because in February and March
we will be traveling a lot more which
kind of scares me because oh we're on
the plane and I like please get your
seats and fasten she felt about to take
off and of those like I gotta go pee
like oh my gonna do the stages of
parenting and learning new things it's
fun with the first child it's always
kind of scary and exciting and fun there
was one thing that I was unable to pack
in my suitcase on the way home from
Christmas it was the giant sweater that
my sister made me it was so heavy and it
took up so much space it just didn't fit
and every time I mom said the package
lately she's been sending things from my
room that I can then hold on to its kind
of hard to transfer all this stuff
because we are so far away we'd have to
get we'd have to drive out there and
grab it so it's kind of been fun to get
little by little and Noah is obsessed
with sports Penelope is just as active
as he was in many ways so I wonder if
she'll enjoy sports as well because
she's definitely interested in what me
and him are doing my mom just sent me
some of my shirts from growing up though
there's like a classic thanks Mike
Jordan shirt on the back it talks about
Michael drugs history and all the things
that were thankful for pretty awesome i
love this shirt at 14 years of air and
by the way these are like a size medium
so i'm going to save them for noah and
katie ever wants to wear them because
it'd be like amazing to wear these
throwback shirts from the jordan era
it's got all the shoes too i think 96 or
98 98
so it's kind of cool and then she also
sending my Chicago Bulls 1996 world
champions shirt and then the one from 92
which is awesome i loved these like
caricature sports championship shirts
these are my favorite growing up I had
one for every single year that we want
and that's like all i would wear as a
kid I remember I went to Utah to after
the both be the Jazz I just really like
crazy like every single day both get
both for your bold care so I'm going to
put these away in the closet I have
similar things I have been saving for
him if he ever once summer wants to wear
them if he doesn't it's still really
cool to hold on to and just have
memories and to pull out one day thanks
mom for sending that also one of the
things that I hate most is when people
that have social media influence use it
to continually trash companies whether
it's Airlines or other things but we all
go through that and I'm no more
important than someone else just because
I have a certain amount of followers on
I just like bothers me sometimes if that
makes me sense I feel like sometimes we
don't praise the companies that do good
things for us and so I just wanted to
give a quick shout out two Road Mike's
not sponsored or anything this Mike
started to break it was getting a
crackling noise and there's something
like loose in it so I sent it to them
contacted their team like the customer
service and they fix it and send it back
to you within a week pretty awesome they
deserve a shout out if you're a
filmmaker road has phenomenal Mike's I
have two of them right now I have this
one and then i have the stereo one which
kind of captures more sound in the room
this is way more directional anyways
just shout out to them for getting that
done for me I keep getting comments in
the videos and on my pictures to post
the video on how i edit photos so i will
be doing that shortly I promise I've
said by the end of January I would do it
I have a goal this year to stream three
times a week whether it's on Twitter
YouTube and probably will be on twitch
sometimes myself sometimes a gin I think
you'll probably be one day and then two
nights and the last room I did there was
someone in the chat that had questions
about their camera that they had bought
and I was answering them so it's a good
time to talk so anyways big goes forward
to a sissy hey what's that ponytail
girl date for potty training your next
not for a while though go how's it going
man hi are you enjoying the potty what's
going on your own in the car yeah any of
the library yeah what do they have the
library play they do do they have a new
books do they read you books there no no
leave a slide yeah oh cool tell me about
potty train though you enjoy going poopy
MVP in the body Oh still yeah how many
prizes have you gotten so far high five
I think five is a good number that I
couldn't admit oh but you get another
prize right now right this is today's
been pretty great uh-huh nobody said
anything I mean we're not going back to
diapers yeah this is it yeah how did it
start though cuz he I was about to leave
to go to the shoot yeah and then awesome
it happened um yeah I was like John your
ass man poo that's how happen and I was
upstairs community best get no address
smells like hmm ok no remember you have
these cool standard under wearing once
in a month and it just happened I'm
pre-drawn that's how I know your kids
for people that are like yeah I didn't
learn you do earlier I did yeah ok
thanks Kip what if they're fighting it
day one wait like honestly if they're
going to sit there if you're like
fighting them to be on the toilet from
the get-go wait don't don't go to the
struggle yes and now your big kid huh
I think one of the big reasons why he
has enjoyed doing it is because he sees
himself as a big kid became yeah this is
officially the baby no is it yes bigger
today let's see him got basketball got a
stormtrooper a car and what is the car
have trophy when the fire isn't gunfire
that's when he decided a nice so temper
another prize doing work Oh as I like
the year beeping you touch my baby teeth
so cute i love you so much guess what
we're going in much you know we're going
to go to Florida I think we mentioned
this on a previous vlog today we are
finalizing and booking our trip to
Florida where near to Charles and Ali's
wedding super excited to be there I
think rachel is coming right is it
almost official almost official so
that'll be fun cuz we're go to Disney
World we're going to see Joey and Josh
run to the wedding and there will be a
Jed and Rachel's first time to disney
world as well as these kids and I think
Disney over-aggressive the water okay
you ready for your prize I personally
think that you were going to love this
one okay close your eyes ready do you
know what kind that is it's an x-wing
it's a Star Wars airplane as a balance
of poop but oh my bed okay cool all day
good prizes dude can we open it so can
you say x-wing yeah that's what the
that's what the good guys fly around in
thanks i try to keep prizes about a
dollar and you get surprised every three
or four stickers for stickers or if you
go scoop the cool thing is is that since
christmas has happened they're trying to
clear out the stores so the cool toys
have been on clearance so some of them
are about two bucks but like this was
normally five bucks or something like
that all right let me open it here hold
that you're me you feel me while I open
it free asking me a question you're lame
hi OOP apple pie yeah I go through the
body hey where are we where are we
that's library big blast of us here TJ
would either really really little or my
belly smell pee I'm how you good on the
slide can go face first I was pretty
good gonna follow you good on the other
side okay yeah yeah doing census what
shall we rockin baby baby boy meh mate
I'm off the baby
oh this is how the busy
