i am captain stores here in the office
of georgia incorporated who are you mmm
Papa Papa storage hey and who is this
year what is your name sir all right
door storage so we got storage papas
torch captain storch you're watching
today's vlog let's go let's get it hmm
oh yeah the storm troopers day you know
these guys just sit here we can play
them right they've already been through
a lot top of storage tends to like to
pull the head off of my storm trooper
figures so we have a good day to day and
you get a soccer ball today purple house
party train going pretty good yeah cool
while the day started out with pooping
underwear and pee on his bedroom floor
but now its efforts turn around someone
our enterprise for another poop in the
potty and going pee pee and he held it
while dad random downstairs and ran back
upstairs so she gets a sticker and a
prize for pooping cuz poops are on that
prizes duh Oh guys what is it back up
okay bubbles yeah buy me a bubble gonna
do a lot dad work when he plays bubbles
down here in kitchen yeah do you like
the book too no really I thought today
was going to just be horrible since
we've had a little bit of a regression
and not wanted to on the potty when he
was being told to don the potty but such
a now he told that a bukkake and they
went and then you gotta turn out o.o
what sticker do you want Noah let you
know when you get my kitchen okay one in
tennis ball
lieutenant well and honor the Australian
Open on ESPN and espn2 good job your
dunk it careful just I want to hold this
parts they don't fill it you be very
careful that's very full and I have a
feeling it's an nfo my floor my mom got
has been very on point it's tough potty
training days wow that was a good one
I'm onto it tight oh boy oh hello haha
wow did you like the bubble careful with
it careful with this stuff in your hand
babe I was really worried through the
thrill of oranges laughing with then the
thrill gang stickers didn't really care
anymore right shoot thanks i could be so
great wow what good job luckily back on
track he is not one to go and I've told
him to go and my mom got has been on
point every time I'm like okay Noah we
need to go now I don't tell him I don't
make him go every cell in 10 minutes
I've got is it true shame for both of us
so I wait a good 20 or more depends on
how much you drink or not that's kind of
how long it takes to this system he kind
of holds it for a long time and then I
come okay let's go let's go party now
we're no fighting or away from to tell
me lately past day today and yesterday
he is not wanted to tell me like can't
go first day he was all about ya habibi
but i also had mentally prepared to this
to happen to kind of knew that there
might be a little bit of a regression
today in a way I kind of thought like
the excitement we're off a bit some
which it did a little bit but we're
getting back he got another price for
pooping again so I basically yes please
don't woman or Facebook that's not
and this is our third day straight
without leaving house she needs to go
you need to get out I feel so bad for
him because he needs to get out of house
too so have some energy revving oh wait
what's that what's that right there so
why do you get a soccer ball oh my god
do you like that one do you want a
smaller one or that one look at this
one's a little smaller and it's same
kind do you like that one you already
have that one here okay come in so the
reason why we're here the store and have
a doctor ball because Noah is doing a
really good job of potty training this
is his first time out of the house finch
I'm really hoping for accident I'm
praying girls I'm spinning to the fret
of the story and he's not gonna want to
go in there so we'll see how this goes
super proud of them he's doing really
well day three hasn't gone perfectly but
it's kind of love it
oh my babies yeah how are you today
the little sick you better yeah okay put
in on the cart have you know we need to
recreate our 100 vlog damage in this
grocery stores cursor Easter always
benefit no this one Papa starch fell
asleep oh I should probably take that
off also the facial hair is going to go
I skipped no shave november this year
grew out my facial hair for the show
which we just filmed so i have no excuse
to have this ugliness but i always like
seeing like where i met because i feel
like one day someday I'll be able to
grow beard probably not actually I feel
like my dad could back when we go on
camping trips for longer than a week I
mean it was just this gentleman looking
at Noah's face today and she's like I
think it was going to have a better
busted or beard the new by the time he's
like 16 because he already has like
facial hair and Jen posted a picture of
me on instagram today when I was how old
was I probably like eight I don't know
and I blonde hair and I didn't have
eyebrows why had I brown Patera blonde
and you couldn't see them I swear until
I was like in high school because I
number that was like a thing I remember
everyone's well like someone would pick
on me be like hey can't even see your
eyebrows man like thanks um and that's
kind of how Penelope is right now
because it's always funny people always
that Jen like people that only know
Jenna and maybe don't know me as well or
at least me my whole life they're like
why is Penelope hair blonde like where
that come from how is that your baby
because it's like I used to look like
that guys I had the blonde hair I have
the no eyebrows I'm I think my eyes were
later when I was younger
and anyways she'll probably go through
that no eyebrows struggle for a while
hopefully they get darker sooner
starting to come up with more ideas for
the vlogs this year and I think I want
to do a segment because we've been
vlogging for three years this is
technically season four I want to bring
back and revisit old vlogs maybe once a
week just for a couple of minutes during
the vlog make it kind of like a
throwback Thursday phone so i guess i
have to film that today on a wednesday
and then bring it back for a thursday
blog or should I film at thursday's
post' credit I don't know you guys let
me know well like I just said before we
had our 100th vlog which we filmed
dancing throughout the Isles of that
grocery store and it'd be kind of fun to
recreate that with the kids oh and back
then I weighed about 160 pounds gosh
should we got eat all we did was move
run around and probably not eat a lot
anyways enjoy these clips little
throwback I'll have a link in the
description of the full blog
I would currently talking to his new
employers to help me you're taking a job
what answer this work there is this the
i just got a job stance I've never done
the word are you going to try right now
don't pick your pants beautiful now
explain why you're so happens official I
have a job I'm starting in May yeah
they're having a girl I feel like this
is the first Youtube girl baby and
that's like ever hey what did you guys
think of my singing in today's one love
it it was an odd hilarious dude you're
all i can t find better than you but I
don't want to like out do you on your
own vlog show leaving on a future I just
want to be like behind the scenes while
you were doing game movements in the
mariah carey i want to see if a lot of
likes like one of those youtube covers
where you some tensely singing but we
lost the baby out oh look you all right
which means it's not such an experiment
anymore that's like crazy to me hundred
vlogs we've done over a thousand now and
I feel like so much has happened and I
took that job crazy that brings today's
question of the day if you start doing
questions of the day how did you find
our vlog where you ran for that one post
in the comments you guys tomorrow let me
know if you like the idea of tbt
you're beautiful visit impress me what
are you okay hold on hey picture
