good morning Saturday it's actually
spokesman kind of cold today like in the
50s which for Arizona is cold
uh-hum and it's like a gray it's
actually kind of nice kind of like think
how we've all felt this week kind of
really all week me and Noah mostly I
think we've just been I don't know like
he's been so cranky and then I was
cranky and and when I'm off the kids are
off we all feel off cuz we all are
together what did you spill yeah that's
okay wasn't clean up but today feels
like a new day better week on the
horizon you know exciting news I just
found out yesterday but my cousin takes
seems like hey you're going to Bella's
90th birthday party I was like what
she'd have a pretty party I didn't even
know I guess no one really knew like why
couldn't we no sooner to complain better
because Damon and his girlfriend are
actually coming in that same day I was
like no I don't want to miss her
birthday party but I want to see Damon
and his girlfriend but I felt like it
was really important for at least me to
go to the her birthday party and love to
see I would see my cousins in a long
time my aunts and uncles in a long time
last or yesterday Sam and I just and was
like Tim you can go if you want to and
I'll stay with Noah so I'm gonna take PJ
with me next weekend so give me a quick
trip like only three days maybe and at
my sister and my grandma actually shared
birthday
on the 27th which is really fun but my
sister's actually gonna be celebrating
her birthday in San Diego sometime gonna
see her which is sad but her boyfriend
had gotten her Hamilton tickets which is
so fun for Christmas
so during me celebrating her birthday
sing Hamilton so I'm working out I'm
actually really excited to see my
grandma you guys know if you've been
around for a while you guys know how
much I love my grandma and how hilarious
she is you know evening your hands did
you get yogurt everywhere
yeah hands she's starting to say so many
words they say she was in play with her
kitchen she said cook huh
you were saying cook
you're all done - all right oh he wasn't
good it looks good I'm really enjoying
the pictures they draw these days no
sort of becoming very intricate he knows
most of his shapes and have just circles
and people and you can recognize his
name now a very exciting package just
arrived I don't let me talk about it yet
Sam's grandma always gives us a little
Christmas present money and it's last
year she's doing so and I really was
really excited to like get a specific
something with that Christmas money and
I did I bought a sewing machine I'll
show you guys when I get home
but this girl I know posted a lot of
like she's like I have a lot of
beginning beginners so encouraged for
free you just download them and print
them out and I was like that's kind of
cool and they were like four kids and I
was like that's even cooler and I've
always always wanted to learn how to sew
I just never did I should have learned
like when I was a teenager like I just
never did so I've been like watching
millions of YouTube videos of course
because I always get obsessed with
something then I had Sam pull the
trigger for me and buy the sewing
machine and I'm really excited I've been
watching a lot of videos on how to make
like really easy like little girls
skirts it's just like elastic waist like
elastic waistband and just fabric like
two pieces of fabric like they're super
easy so it seems so I'm gonna attempt
Monica's gonna learn with me and her
mother-in-law is going to teach us if we
need some help this next coming week
but currently other than that I'm going
out with Monica right now to get some
clothes
Sam is always like Jenny go buy some new
clothes but buy some new clothes because
I just never do I always just spend
money on the children and all myself
which I think most moms tend to do but
I'm in dire need of some tops especially
some maternity tops because I won't have
a few and it seems like stop wearing
sports shirts every day so he's giving
me the green light to go buy a few
things I got this one last night
Dungeons & Dragons probably not what he
was expecting well we went to Target me
and Monica last night late and I bought
just three t-shirts but I'm gonna get
some cuter stuff so I feel a little
cuter you know you know like just
sometimes you just don't feel cute I'm
in that stage right now
so moments later here it is everybody my
beautiful machine to learn how to use I
might have done some stuff that Joanne's
to make PJ a little dirt we'll see and
try it first I've gotta you know thread
my bobbin and thread my machine and get
all this stuff done first
wish me luck Oh moment ladle okay my
first sewing project is done I made this
a really simple elastic waistband skirt
that seems very simple but to a very
very very beginner person it was
actually challenging which was good I
actually really really enjoyed this I
need to save my sewing time for when
kids are in bed I got out my white toes
to make it right now but I was just so
excited to try something my son machine
and I'm really proud of myself but I
definitely need to remember things like
washing the fabric before I buy it yet
forgot to do that I'm just not gonna dry
her skirt like if it gets dirty this
week or something if she wears it that's
number one and the videos I've watched
always say why should I your fabric
first yes when I get better so I told
Noah it's hard because like
PJ is small enough to where I don't need
as much fabric
there's lots of easy easy beginner
patterns for girls so cute but what
stuff there is an easy t-shirt pattern
online but I'm deaf it's too advanced
for me right now so I told no I was like
yep better
I'll make him something here it is
another thing I learned that I just like
didn't think to do was to like I left it
really long I didn't measure her actual
measurement lengthwise and cut it in the
very beginning when it was all folded
and straight and not scrunched up so
that was a mistake definitely and I
didn't take an account of like you know
things just go up higher in the back so
sometimes for a little bump diaper
sticking out but you know it's not too
bad I definitely definitely need to work
on my stitching like I'm just gonna
practice the nest next couple days just
going straight because that was hard to
go in a circle this one is a little bit
better it was very hard to cut in Hemnes
after the fact because then the hem was
all wonky but and that is my really bad
start and stop point but I'm gonna get
better
I'm excited how it turned out you guys I
made something the waistband is a little
big fur but I think it'll be okay cuz I
think it'll be perfect this the next
couple months so yeah I think it's cute
I just plan on making a bunch of like
just little skirts like this for the
summer I don't know there's so many cute
things in the shops right now but I
thought it'd be fun to make her just
some cute than full skirts that she can
wear when it's really hot this summer
just named so proud of myself
it looks really yellow but it's actually
not it's more like a creamy white color
but look how cute the puppies so this
one I definitely made better than this
one because I started out and ironed all
of my like edges in the very beginning
and then sewed it together but that was
kind of a mistake because then when I
was trying to feed my elastic through it
was like completely sewed up and I had
to like undo it and like slide the the
elastic like through both pieces and
then resew it after like it was just a
nightmare neatness wise it turned out
way cleaner
then this one cuz this one I hemmed at
the end after the kids go to sleep I was
like reading my you money like manual so
nerdy but I wanna like I don't I wanna
know how to use it properly anyway so I
was reading my manual and learning new
things and what stitches for what and
whatever I definitely did better this
time around like look how much neater I
don't know if you can't even tell but
this stitch is so much neater than like
this wonky this one's so wonky they're
cute I'm proud of myself I'm glad that I
can see improvement just like a couple
hours later these are fun starter little
practice projects and I got the fabric
on sale too so don't feel as bad like
messing up or anything but yeah those
fun I just edited that and I realized I
wasn't in the vlog I had stayed home
that morning so Jen could go shopping
with Monica it looks like she'd ended up
not recording anything from that but I
was with the kids for most of the day
and she had the camera so I didn't
actually record anything and then that
night I was preparing for my lesson at
church the lesson I taught was about how
hard things are good for you which is
pretty hard to think about sometimes
when you're going through a hard moment
one thing I took away from the lesson
though was that there's always going to
be hard moments in your life but it's
how you react to those moments hard is
the constant your attitude your actions
everything else is the variable it was
it was definitely something good to
study and I think hopefully the last one
huh also if you guys caught our live
stream we mentioned it there we'd like
to have a better schedule as far as
uploading and just like living our life
we pretty much decided that we're gonna
upload vlogs Monday through Friday I
personally don't feel like uploading a
vlog every single day is that healthy
we've been fine over the past couple of
years and we have recently taken more
days off and time off but I just don't
feel like it's that healthy and so I
wanted to get a more set schedule Monday
through Friday possibly extra content
for the weekend I think this will be
good for all of us like our family you
guys and just to have some
or like set schedules if we get to a
time upload time that would be even
better I need to get my haircut possibly
today or tomorrow I'm going to upload
this video right now Jenna's been such a
super mom lately and now that she's
getting into sewing I'm really excited
because I can see the passion and like
fire in her eyes about that
so the sewing machine we got I think was
like a hundred bucks I'll put a link to
the exact one and description right here
anyways hope you guys had a great
weekend we'll see you guys tomorrow
creamy tomato and spinach tortellini
I get excited so when I actually like
cut cool stuff
