about 5 20 am I'm awake as the hardest
time sleeping last night because it was
so quiet that was just like we're here
it is a precaution but we're supposed to
come with no makeup on nothing in our
hair no nail polish bout to head over
get the day started we're supposed to be
there at six am wearing like nike pro
combat stuff to keep you work kind of
sweaty actually so hopefully anymore
another day let's go hello
not too bad guys just wait sqt the frost
on the car feels good feeling good la
sécurité de haan ji lead role we're
here I'm a rhythm player multiply your
way from vacation all right yeah they're
like that Butch and Bill got my costume
already check this out I got like a
little handkerchief a shirt jacket old
fast oh my bed I'll go quickly that's
resume whoo look at it you'll see the
fit in a minute I woke up like well we
all know each other camping yeah this is
the eighth months of camping I actually
reached on the set of extinct the TV
show coming up very soon we're
officially on set makeup has been done
look at this they gave me like a scar
right there I was worried that they're
gonna put my hair like all the way down
link back I how it worked in middle
school I'm kind of glad it happened
let's see you'll see the fit got dejan
with his gun black vest they're scoping
us out they automatically gave that to
him pretty amazing Jackson's got a good
looking good I got the combatants yeah
you got straight like army boots in good
and I'm just waiting for my watering
tail the care here I think it's good
like they made me look extra tired kind
of kind of good yeah like I'd really
look I woke up looking tired and I
really actually look preferred yeah you
know I read that you okay yeah come on
easy season for shout out to the UV
effect did you say tentative that was a
bug they're straight no no no expression
you got had this really long and
straight down yeah hmm neither like not
drink water for like why today is get
really skinny I know yeah
who got next so on beat Sweden still
this kid has about 50 in the body yet
I've had any actions but he's not hasn't
memorized to go in the potty doesn't
mean wish me luck they do did he do
potty training he's doing so good you're
doing so good huh okay she's watching
like cast at Disney or somewhere like
perform Grinch songs and frozen songs
and tangled songs it's kind of awesome
anyway we're hanging out Sam sent me
some pictures of him being a resistance
fighters came with dejan and Jackson I
love you can see it oh there we go where
they are haha that's really fun kanika
hear all about it when he gets home
tonight I love you Oh for watching me
watching now oh oh disney parades kid
mmm-hmm a shack yeah right now hmm hi oh
 hi
good morning I see you you're the cutest
when you wake up hey how would you keep
it wasn't nearly long enough sorry I
didn't spit you guys didn't hear his
powers right all right we are two scenes
done right so far I walked by the camera
as the guy with camo and I could I have
a second scene I was in the bathroom and
I didn't make it back in time I think I
might be in the next one with a city on
I think we'll be together pretty crazy
set up as a boom mic for my people here
on set filming oh my wife take her
footage and then we give you guys a tour
in a little bit of like a spaceship big
concern by aliens in the show the end of
human life and I'm really working hard
20 in wonder cakes are like helping to
buy Adam had a baby here you're going up
okay maybe need you Adam all right sorry
I was cut off at the last clip Jackson I
were walking in the back of a scene
that's going to be funny like trying to
spot us to get the food because it could
just be a blob or like
the defib echoed maybe I'm here or and I
but we're having a lot of fun it's been
super interesting like learn about all
the different techniques they're using
was filming and light and placement
practicing who Mike and I'm taking it
all in actually think it's pretty cool
like a much more professional version of
what we do they think will be look at
all this stuff that's going on but I
don't know what to really happen don't
know what you did no poop in the potty
Kamoze with it and what you get first
prize me now an elephant play-doh we get
to do played on her dress which is what
all the kids up to do these days to play
it on their toys wow it's just a little
awesome but so fun right mm-hmm is it
ready child please record your message
when you are finished recording you may
hang up or press one for more options so
tell me did not surprised y'all poop in
the potty good love you dad see you soon
sign up right there
home for tour now idiot never been here
before I didn't even know this existed
so this is kind of cool
not long gone this is really not a
spoiler who are your extra camcorder is
not a special effects put in for New
Jersey features filter that they're
reborn amen salvage a lot of stuff from
what you were paralyzed with her camera
you'll see a lot of like rusted metal
relishing things that they gather to try
and rebuild communities again so the
flesh why is the TV the future yeah
there's the content of the CC and a
doorway in the compound edges
I used to see your brain going crazy for
him at all all statistics oh okay don't
go this way barricade it up you'll never
get out barricade Leslie aliens are on
the other side trying to yeah and we
don't want them okay according okay i'm
presenting i just saw her over mac and
held art supplies i met with them hidden
on test Rhydian things we think I'll
just got a lot more legit yeah but
really like crazy so while businesses
family directs the film and we love
taking photos that is a ginormous weight
back on and then a blue screen this
kid's imagination she made an airplane
with a tiny bit of help from deep and
you put his little bin up tiger
characters on it and he's playing little
shields up that's awesome y'all's not a
cherry popsicle wow dude which one's
Noah are you doing a tiger which ones
mommy my Katarina I love you what was
African Ritter's know this is a reborn
okay yes
and so so in some type of response your
heart stops liar a compound that the
reborn consumers that are reborn fight
again the first episode and they come
from this and this is how they discover
they're not the only humans that are
over there so yeah all of this is
lightweight enters into where we were on
pace to go through the door my home I
guess I was crazy we just have a set
it's insane how much goes into
everything like every little piece and
it's cool how they make it efficient and
effective using styrofoam to make the
giant doors in the walls all this was
like super interesting to me and I
really enjoyed it and Jenna said in the
past but if she didn't do photography
she would do makeup and would love to be
working on like a show like this so it's
kind of cool to see the background and
everything that goes into it had a
really good time I think the show
Commission out maybe in October I'm not
sure so i'll definitely let you guys
know it'll be interesting to see if i
made the cut but really it was a really
really fun morning and afternoon I don't
big is your ego been look we told me to
be here in a minute oh my good shirt it
just pretend he's all fairies it's daddy
yoga mug you've been crying for the past
30 seconds
wow he's good that's home you've been
waiting for dad I think you were stuck
with her face ok nice little flashing
her forehead lots of dirt don't look
funny when I dead to watch his face off
you're not wash my face book i'm home i
made it oh there's a quick day Noah's
like terrified of me right now all right
what happened dead Ali yeah he faked out
she has on a TV show daddy hi people
what people what about me ok hi people
yes George video and I look like the
people from the storage videos from
stormtrooper videos I look like I'm in
Star Wars oh cool you land
don't shout out two tubes everywhere i
use my tube due to one man army tube do
