what's up guys I recorded a clip on the
other camera but I left it with Jenn I'm
currently on my way to Provo with dejan
we are going to be filming a TV show
tomorrow well we're gonna be extras in
the TV show and I showed you guys that
on Sundays I wanted to start doing q and
A's or different vlogs and clips and
things we actually opened a hatch a wall
when we were in Chicago and recorded all
those clips I wanted to make a fun video
around that and didn't really get to it
because we got sick and just saw the
Christmas hoopla so here are those clips
from that day next Sunday's vlog for
Monday I think we will actually do a Q&A
though so hope you guys enjoy this today
while we're at home Noah is starting to
be potty trained which has been crazy
and awesome and then we're heading to
dinner tonight
and then tomorrow we're shooting the
show so you guys will see that in the
next couple bucks all right
that's okay what is this called animal
Hachem or we have a half Jamal so we are
going we're going to try and hatch this
hatch more and possible
what I didn't know your minute yeah okay
so that's tip number one you have to
warm it up do you know anything else
about hedge balls warm hugs and fuzzy
love hey hey we put the switch in that
room in oh you mean here we just flip
the switch off in there cuz they're kind
of know hey perfect here we go this is
better come on man open that hatch Amol
we're all waiting scissors we're all
waiting here
oh it glows the ice below what I didn't
know is that I thought this was actually
the top of the head Jamal it's not like
when I was packing in my bag I was like
okay let's see what our hatch mo looks
like I'm excited Sam boxing of a hatch
Imam you start right right away
Oh
it talks that it's really kind of creepy
we just took the keys out of it oh my
gosh so there's tips and tricks and
there's it doesn't open it doesn't open
there's all these different colors oh so
just kind of breaks open right there
there's seemed no there's a seam though
so we have the hatch ammo out now
there's different colors that he'll show
and then it shows everything that you
need to do with them how's it going so
far
did you tap and you tap back it's green
okay Green says he's sick Rob bottom of
the egg or tilt what
purple is hungry no can you rub the
bottom of the egg so to feed them you
have to tilt them forward says he's
hungry
there you go slowly should we tap MGB
taps back oh oh what's red meat
what's red me red red me he's upset he's
upset rub the bottom of the egg rub is
battle rub the bottom rub the bottom
purple hungry to show the forward purple
it means yeah there you go
you starting to crack already whoa oh I
should actually just crack I didn't
think it was hacked
he's turning and hatching he's cracking
in the actual shelf do you need a hatch
to hatch this hatch you see the areas
where it's during the break yeah right
here Wow look at right there well it
actually crafted
you just taking you out it's moving whoa
the baby inside did the beat come
through yeah oh you just wanna defend
stuff okay
he's wanted to get out that's crazy well
when he gets out there we can teach him
how to walk and stuff yeah I think he's
blue he's actually pink he has a blue
faces what years yeah yeah Wow
oh yeah you keep it out oh my goodness
I think I mean detached now you pull
them out with a lot of force and then if
he doesn't if he hasn't sang happy
birthday to you already you just like a
little button there you push these RC
okay
the inside of the show is actually
really interesting it's gonna go like
beak marks
we fix baggy eyelids
