I've been conversing with a lot of you
guys on the YouTube comments section on
Twitter about just recently Noah being
in front of the dark having a hard time
sleeping it opens up my eyes to how
crippling fear can be when a baby is
born they're not really afraid of
anything it's they don't look at life
the same way as US they'll try and crawl
down the stairs and fall down it if no
one's there to catch them and that's
just what they do but as they grow older
they learn they they become better at
decision making but then there's also a
fear that comes in and it's not just
being afraid of the dark Noah was very
afraid for the past couple days that we
were a jump zone of jumping off of a
surface and physically I knew he could
do it and I knew he would like it so we
gave them a little encouragement we
acted like we'd be there to kind of
catch him knowing he'd be okay and then
he be okay if we weren't there exactly
to really catch and break his fall this
is what happened okay deep got you he's
got you whoa there's a lot of things in
life that I'm afraid of I fear that I
feel like fear really gets in the way of
making people successful it's not a
crutch it's not an excuse but hold us
back sometimes it also helps us make
good decisions but there was a cool i
liked seer does not stop death it's not
quite this year
excuse me excuse me what a treat
yourself where did you say hey Dad that
video you gotta me it's dad come on say
it again see you again hey dad dad idea
he did that oh she started dang it i
just got the camera out of my pocket we
both live in 20 ready ready dad dad
raised their dad oh oh i know someone
just took a four hour nap for I'll be
feeling sick which is just what the
doctor ordered ah no is always good to
rest time good now six way better than
when she went to sleep so not a hundred
percent no see you can see Dada Dada
Dada death ah she always does mamas I
was trying to get finally catch a dead
guy but she said the phasers you always
wasn't when she's upset okay but you
don't like but because she loves you she
wants you bunny huh and it's in a very
brother got you you cut that from her
what thanks i fly nobody with mommy's
when i was your age oh that's funny hi
ok fish relax New Jersey go to store no
money long do you think it's joy and
oh oh oh yeah little girl before you oh
I took my weekly day off yesterday so
you guys are getting kinda like two days
of vlog footage and that both days we
went to jump zone because when it's cold
outside he had a toddler full of energy
you got to get it out we've been doing
other things to get the energy out like
going to the store even if it doesn't
mean buying anything but just looking at
everything none of these are numbers
which one is to that one which ones
three
look who's this guy and mocha Captain
America good who is glad enough you know
who this guy is Thor toy store
spider-man storage starting back i
jizzed are just as Vader wait me Batman
ma matter man well this one over here
fun
we've also started to do home exercises
and no I loved it he he makes all of our
exercises in his own little unique way
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten he's everything to everyone
hanging up on Sam like always the kids
always go after him hilarious she's a
fun dad
okay daddy
little girls are being upon Sam this
isn't everyone every week picking on him
come on babe get back
oh no she likes to cut for everyone like
specific me huge weichert they're
controlling these things I keep running
back and forth I keep getting away on
this one and I never move and you're
free well they need to get it would ok
you thinking about yeah yeah blah blah
blah blah not too high not too high
parfaits you terrify terrifies you oh
there was a screw hey guys i haven't
mentioned this yet in the vlog i think
but i think we're going to sign up no
for preschool in the fall if we get in
potty trained in time which it's our
goal to imply trained by ulta it is not
been crazy when it turns we will go to
padres anyway look I'm really excited
I'm going to call the girl and tomorrow
and you get the details about everything
looks me really fun this preschool that
he's going to your Mathilda yeah they do
a lot of like activity so though they're
like whimper two days they learn to
learn how to swim and gymnastics and the
clue tennis and they do something else
or else but then it's also like
preschool so we're going to learn best
to entail loves it and I think it'll be
good for him since he's classes next
such an active is awesome there's three
hours twice a week I think it'd be
really good for him maybe I do you feel
that pretty slim fall great yeah we're
feeling great about it how do we feel
this how we feel ready great yeah
I was talking my mom the other night
when I was trying his reward chart thing
and she's like oh I can get really cool
already made ones on amazon like oh
sweet that's probably true and then she
sent me one that's really cool um so I
know that this chart will be a lot more
efficient and useful when he's a little
older probably when he's like four and
five and six is a probably really great
during those ages England colonies three
I mean now and when he's really he's
only two and a half so I understand like
these turn things he's don't holler you
know like I don't expect anything to
come of this right now but still fun to
have it it's really cool let me show you
so it comes with this big magnet this
big magnet board not bigger than I
thought it was you can write what your
goal is with the rewarded it has all of
these um velcro patches and then it came
with these little all the little tasks
so it's really nice plastic and then so
when we start prior training we can use
this one there we go see little potty
there's like a no whining one kind of
toys no yelling noming words you know I
get dressed like things that will be
great and I was growing up here haha no
harming others like no tackling so
that's actually a really good one for
know right now no tackling he knows that
the something he is currently working on
and always working on and I must say he
is definitely improved he gets tempted
he gets so tempted to sometimes but you
like look at me and remember and then
I'll be like oh and I'll remind them to
of course if I can tell us thanks me a
little bit to rouse essence oh yeah
and I love that it's big picture go to
bed and stay in bed stickers are always
really fun I think ill dislike earn a
sticker and a star and the stars are
really cool because there's these gold
stars and there are a nice plastic as
well so if he does well he'd get the
star thank you I like it thanks mom love
it do this comfy
