not going well today baby
really I've never seen it like this
yeah I I think she's horsten that you're
hot
poor thing because it doesn't last
so yesterday the doctor she actually had
a doctor's appointment mm-hmm and it was
a nine month checkup it was she is 99
percentile for height yeah which is down
1% from 100 other sick something she
still would have been 100 because her
head was pushed back and I think both Oh
guys you still talk she is 70 percent oh
and wait I like so he finds he's in a
hedge but but for being asked fall she
is the right good evening
and then her heads like 90% of and Jen
talked to the doctor and the doctor said
nope he's going to be sick every single
month this year no well nobody really
did say don't be surprised if she's sick
every month because yes age and the time
of year she's crawling and sucking on
things and it's just bad weather oh oh
and they're expecting her to get sick so
soon after just being sick I feel like
churches like the cesspool of sickness
or head bounces like bouncing on stuff
there our poor girls shake we just took
her temperature and it was 90 it was
normal yeah I detected again it was 99
puts again a little warmer Diana yeah
sure not sleeping too well because of it
a lot of coughing and sneezing that's
good she's getting the stuff out she's
getting it out but uh look at me like
mom what's happening to them why am I
going through this again
she has this whole thing with Kleenex
well I just crept out there we go
Olympics who's we've been reusing yeah
we only have two bags left that's how
much sniffles and things you've had here
you guys remember that event we saved
all the Kleenex Oh eyes are so red
they're still beautiful as ever I love
you one of our goals at least one of my
goal is to of this year was to be more
involved in the YouTube community
especially in Utah it's something that I
want to work towards it's it's really
hard because we live further away from
everyone else if we lived in the Salt
Lake area
if you a lot easier because we just be
convenient we could go to different
meetings and things that's mainly the
reason why we haven't gone to things
this past year just with the kids
finding babysitters it's just a huge
effort but tonight I'm going one for one
on my goal so far this year I'm going
down to the you tubers meetup I think
there's maybe 200 people supposedly
there that's what I heard and yeah a lot
of people it's in Provo which is two
hours away from us so it's going to be a
four-hour just trip itself plus traffic
and things like that it could be like
five hours so it is like a big
commitment but it's something that I
want to work towards and just support
the community and I think it'll be good
for myself as well so I'm going to pick
up day Hana I think you might be coming
here we're going to pick up Andrew and
head down and I'm excited and kind of a
stinks cuz Penelope's sick today and
knows been having hard time sleeping
but Jun's like we made this goal really
once you've liked this she just wants
tell her mama sure I said on a recent
periscope that I wanted to treat YouTube
more like a job I haven't always treated
as like a job job I mean that in that I
want to be more serious and just put it
more ahead of other things maybe I have
in the past so I've been trying to get
up loads up earlier more consistent we
are blessed with this amazing
opportunity and I want to make the most
out of it
I'm excited to go down and see some
people and hopefully Amy and Tyson
they're there got to give them a big hug
because they're expecting another baby
and I see Shawn and Jordan yeah oh he is
that a ton a lot I texted I check the
Jared the TV is going I'm not sure if
he's going it and yeah just be good I'm
excited I will share with you what I
learned
yes I put this baby to sleep early and I
think I'll have a little notice again
late nap today so I think he'll be up a
little bit later so popcorn and watch a
story two and half popcorn and watch
full movie together in snuggles I just
introduced Toy Story to him he loved it
and then today we just got Toy Story 2
and I told him about Jane and the Jean
Jessie
about Jesse the girl cowboy and he said
just loving that I need loves Buzz
Lightyear - he's like buzz i wouldI
would wait Jesse yeah it's fun to see
him get excited about those childhood
shows and movies Disney movies that we
loved growing up now our kids are
enjoying everything creamy I love it PS
facial hair
guys I'm not trying hard to grow out
facial Eretz for the show that we're
shooting on Tuesday my daddy daddy feel
better thanks Eddie
love ya go ahead love you mmm - hey I'm
leaving hello this one here oh how am I
looking right here is Matty I hate it I
look I told you I look like Milan let's
go her face right now she's acting happy
but she looks so it's sick and tired hi
hi sick baby you still being happy
uniform bum unicorn bum are you doing
this sure you're still so cute even
though you look so sick oh he's going
okay just a little warm it's so so cute
and sweet oh it does so cute and sweet
though Oh would you get if you get my
dressing I love this baby you made it
my Britta
a lot of people here absolutely
Africa so the most important thing is
get these videos take off if you want to
grow in each each other okay because we
want to if your last video is really
good
your next video that would be good
because if it if it improves then you
could says oh okay so they have to be
able to get this video new good
suggesting that one more I'm gonna say I
must say these Peppa Pig characters work
perfect in this treehouse as well hey
where's mommy thing I like mommy pig Oh
take a djidi djidi djidi djidi djidi
djidi djidi time if you to film just me
doing this scene eep-eep eep-eep eep-eep
eep-eep eep-eep yeah thank you hey let
me be calm I'm just doing guys just
kidding
probably already be late I like raw
salmon
anyways ready to send us really what's
one thing you win tonight both sides
learning the standard fortune teller
YouTube algorithm and not throw him it's
the way that I pretty much look like an
idiot because I tweet it out like a
month ago that people throw proven wrong
what do we have for dinner
pizza and what else tiny closing well
thanks we just finished eating this is a
little bit happier now nothing has been
mean early bedtime for this little lady
tonight yoke angel she's so sweet
are you so sweet - yeah you guys are
sweet babies let's guys hit the best
lips oh gosh
oh the buns are so close up all right
setup very successful I as my mic on
very successful youtuber YouTube you
tell you to meet up just Nevada Nevada
meet up monthly uh cheers little up I
actually learned about it yeah I'm
leaving I feel motivated I'm going to
put I'm going to put into practice with
things that I learned I'm going to click
wait the heck maybe but not would you
like would you like of create a playlist
I'm gonna create playlist free get drew
watch time is key so watch all the vlog
you get out there to tell run through no
so what we learn tonight with how
channels are successful how they grow
and you guys often comment on our blog
you're like why aren't you guys down
moving subscribers why don't you have
this and that so you know maybe we can
do this together though but we're
stopping at and out getting some food so
then
the party took like an hour left
hopefully hopefully there's no bad
weather I get a shot of the burgers
looking good my regular hot peppers hot
peppers my son is a stormtrooper
are you stormtrooper as always dressing
and acting these days it's the Jersey
and I was a stormtrooper you
basketball-playing stormtrooper cool go
get him
