you don't think it's a good idea
does it no people make this sound a lot
easier than it is I was just watching
what's up moms and I was listening to I
was watching else
tips on how to keep your kid in bed at
night because she went through the same
thing that I'm going through right now
which is comforting that you know I'm
not alone in this endeavor it happen
what's going up like two years really
crazy like that just been listening
watching her tips on how to not have
this happen her daughter is older now
than Noah so she understands concepts of
sticker charts and earning things that
way you know you know what not enjoying
it the first tip was to come up with
blame someone else for why we can't lay
with him and why he needs to stay in his
bed all night um so we're gonna be doing
okay here on the color for a little bit
you didn't like that first off I said
the doctor said that we're not allowed
to lay with him anymore and that he has
to stay in his own bed at night right
Noah um I'm hoping it sticks we're gonna
keep her my name about that today
I'd be firm with like like make our list
like our our routine and then just stick
to it and try not to change like try not
don't change it really so I've made our
routine chart you know pick up toys
tubby jammies teeth book song whatever
you know tuck them in say goodnight and
leave and then just keep putting him
back in bed but she also said that she
made another sticker chart and told her
daughter that she stayed in just this
one night she slept all by herself and
she could get a prize or
ever and earned a sticker or whatever
and that works for them no well he's
only two and a half she's very smart
I'm just why I'm trying everything I
possibly can one cast member how do you
- it's like saving the best friend that
can't talk do you Nino do you know any
jokes
thank you you want a question who's your
best friend no second best minute
who's your third best friend about a
bunch of fun stickers these we're gonna
nose actually divide these for sleeping
got doggy sing cat stickers truck
stickers sport stickers car stickers so
you get the sticker if you stayed in bed
right after he sings it honey
remember I told you used to earn the
prize earning the prize means listening
to mommy and daddy tonight and staying
in your bed right that's right guys this
is gonna be hard
I want a prize too I want my bed back
what's your favorite thing we've ever
done in the boss or ever time with you
the fans over we're doing the beat yeah
oh gosh
change of hair for season four and I was
tired of my boring hair it was just long
and straight and so why not change it up
I approve of this I added purple
Saddleback I had a little sass meanness
to it babies a week in happy party I've
ever gotten some lines I just don't
wanna say is half the time I sit there
and I'm just like I look at it and then
I just ad-libbed
that's the best kind that's the best
kind of acting we can just be like
Penelope oh that's so nice of you easy
thank you does his favorite song help
but dance
this was nosy or someone he was little -
its PJ slash combo together yes you can
without PJ we have to the Olympics again
because I was I wanted you guys in it we
have to do the Olympics let's go back
dance parties get great dance parties
I'm ready for that oh that's such a nice
hug I missed the tail hug you lifted him
up and wrapped his legs around him and
everything I love your face you know and
you love your faces do I get
I love you I love you give the baby a
hug in the kiss okay that's fine you
guys do so nice thanks for those come
over there yes sir
Chad stuck sir our mission is to protect
sissy film usage em sir sir sir it's
cool down here sir Sir sir I'm protected
sir
oh my gosh you look you look just like
zai doing it no are you doing you to you
teaching him all the right dance moves
oh my goodness Oh
