we have a winner amongst us oh no what
do you think do you like it
good morning four straight days wearing
jerseys yeah we better yes that's local
damn football still one was because I
needed to do laundry mainly because he
just loves or anything though and he
does love wearing them cool Jersey dude
what do you working on over here to make
more ice cream see the color your
play-doh is right now very nice and what
we have over here I'm working I mean I'm
I'm practicing I have to see I haven't
painted in a long time I've never done
flowers so I'm just trying 10 15 minutes
of painting it's not that great though
I've been watching I'm watching YouTube
videos and those are really good at that
oh I'm gonna speak for Jenna and say
that I think it is one of her goals this
year to paint more yes do more art yes
tell me that last night I cleaned up the
space upstairs so I could have a
workspace but this is working out
because he wanted to know it painted a
little bit as well so what kind of
painted it
well just watercolor ah just what just
water for me yeah I think it's yours I'm
sure these are Noah's Oh
paintings from today huh would you paint
would you paint buddy
would you do a heart my help thing right
there that's just orange pink some
colors that's good yeah and then he
decided to switch to Plato we have a
winner amongst us same with me award so
I won because you guys thanks guys oh my
gosh I'm gonna see on the seance a
magazine oh wow best family creators
showcase Wow daddy what is the word they
said yeah they said hi Sam it's Anika
we're thrilled to let you know that your
your the 2016 snack foods family award
winner congratulations and thank you
again for your contributions to the
creative community and then they said
Leslie can you send over your mailing
address we have something fun for you ah
that is so exciting that voted you dead
weight cuz you guys it was a like a vote
you know yeah nominated but then you
guys would I've voted multiple times a
day
you're welcome I wanted you to win yay
winner winner chicken dinner
love you babe the price has been saved
yeah what do you say
thanks Matt oh grandma grandpa yeah tree
house is made it's got a slide swing has
a little basket that you can kneel up
mm-hmm you put little beds inside bunch
of different doors and I think Jen said
these aren't stuff like 30 bucks I'm
Target
yeah it wasn't like 45 to like love you
Thank You grandpa
I wish I had this as a kid but my friend
Raquel did have a Barbie house in her
closet and I played on that I'm in the
Karina I'm at a stoplight there's that
uh that rush hour traffic home right now
is actually a perfect place for my
camera to be hello everybody
anyways tonight I think I'm going to try
and make sushi well I don't know what
the technical definition of sushi is
because I think sushi involves well
there's the traditional with the rice
but this fish the raw fish on top of it
so I'm gonna make some sushi rolls I
don't I don't know what the correct
terminology would be but I don't think
I'm really gonna use raw fish or any
fish tonight I did buy some imitation
crab but I think I'm just gonna do
vegetables cucumber avocado jalapeno
what else did I get card actually ran
out of space oopsies yeah I'm gonna give
it a go back before we had kids there
are certain things are just easier
trying things like making sushi and then
they just become more difficult once you
have kids because you want to get dinner
done in fast this will be a test run
I think the second run will be even
better but how cool would it be if I
actually got good at this and then I
could have company over and be like I'm
making a sushi then I go to sushi school
become a sushi chef anyone ever seen
here dreams of sushi great documentary
on Netflix I just want to say thank you
again to everyone that voted for me for
the snap fluence award thing and the
tweets and Facebook replies and
everything today I've just been so nice
and just made me if it felt like my
birthday like everyone's been so nice to
me I just wanted to say thank you
because first of all I wouldn't been
recognized if it weren't for you guys
and second of all I wanted one if it
weren't for you guys it was a team
effort and I really appreciate it
okay so I cook the rice I think I did it
right I have a warm towel over right now
hopefully it is sticky sushi rice
there's a test run people test run
because my knife skills and even avocado
picking skills little rough this time
around
oh my cucumber you need to chop that up
into little strips we're trying people
we're trying just go right here she's
eating some cucumber to come back guys
I'm having a lot of fun actually so that
looks very green yeah this is our first
time at least you're trying I think it's
only gonna get better yeah I'm gonna try
and roll this okay I thought my cousin's
got a sushi quick thing so I gave it a
go high ratings on Amazon right that's
what I do I think so
uh guys Oh guys if you've done this
before
don't make rid of me oh gosh I just need
to commit I was ready to get fancy like
they did I think I did it
I think I think it's working just hold
it there well then you like take this up
and then you're ill some more I probably
should have applied more pressure I did
not apply enough pressure I think I
should have applied for and pressure the
first time
okay oh wow is this us to help you cut
it okay let's see well I don't even need
the kit you could probably know I have a
sushi knife honestly with just the
bamboo sticks that most people use I
think that would be enough this is nice
I like it okay here you Eddie and I'm
stick it was the one recommended on
Amazon next time we'll get fancier with
some imitation crab
I have imitation guy I know I think I
can sir salmon if this works out we have
a sushi I guess I think does help though
because I would have liked
smooshed a lot of it a lot of everything
more cucumber I know you can do the 1 3
up the rents in the outside or we just
do rice I think I think we could just
roll can you roll without this you mean
ok Jen's gonna carry all I did was uh
this is just rice sauce avocado cucumber
yeah yeah all right good job
Pippa loves that oh yeah
no what do you think do you like it Rob
do you like it buddy
I don't know that's yes sir you know
that second row look it I did so much
better I put more in it I cut it I cut
it a different angle
went all the way through learned a lot
from the first time it's really good
honestly I like it I think like it's fun
to eat it Jen says that the rice tastes
a little too vinegary I followed I used
rice vinegar : I followed the same
instructions that were like came with
the kit to a tea
so if you go seven but not bad though
that's good I think it tastes good if
you have any sushi rice recipes that you
really like for tips and ready to be
I'm ready to take them in better with
this - it didn't get stuck getting
better at rolling I'm gonna get good at
this I'm gonna make some bomb sushi save
a lot of money in the long run hopefully
next time we're gonna get above why
lemon drop if you're thinking on this is
what the end of the day looks like at
our household some nights it's worse
than others
tonight it so you know it's in the
middle it's pretty bad
alright everything is put away well
somewhat by the way please do it again
tomorrow though I think I'm gonna
actually paint a little bit more today I
really enjoyed that I wanted to try to
be I want it to be start being
therapeutic for me you know I wanted I
just do it for fun and just kind of
practice I don't know I go through this
all this happened to me last I was like
yeah I'm painting again and then I
stopped painting like the next day and I
got really into um are they called what
my face I think I've had spaghetti sauce
on my face this entire time I've been
filming myself how embarrassing
taking it anyway um the inks the alcohol
inks there it is um and that's really
fun I want to get into that some more as
well I kind of just I needed I just I
don't have time during the day to really
paint and look today it was like it's
not gonna happen always like that it's
just I was like okay maybe no one paint
with me and that's specially at night at
night I am so tired lately at night
anyway
okay I'm gonna paint a little bit and
I'll show you what I do it's just
practice nothing crazy also yes I'm
watching Gilmore Girls of while I paint
a look at this little corner of our
house that we never use and I think
we're gonna start using for either toys
or a little art area
