good morning they're more um guess what
PJ slept through the
important day our lives I cannot believe
it it's taken a little longer than a say
I slept through the night for the first
time over here I'm over here aight BJ
have a whole night I've been close a
couple times we've been close close so
with a bit like four that's the richest
are that she's gotten beat hours which
is pretty good but this morning I woke I
heard her cry and I woke up I was like
oh must be like for cuz it's really dark
in the morning here and I could looked
at my phone it was seven fit like 720
almost I was like yeah and then she and
then went back in to recruit for like
half an hour to 45 minutes and let mom
get another half hour sleep in it was so
good she's meanwhile this guy we accept
but like a shoe o'clock comes sprinting
into our room you gotta take him back to
his room by the time I was like four or
five o'clock and you wake something
turns in your room right all right he's
reported to his newborn ways and we're a
little worried so if you have any advice
we both know hey you gonna sleep in your
bed all night tonight okay he really is
afraid of the DAR k because you won't
even go into one of the bouncy houses do
huh we're working on it and he doesn't
matter bad for him yes night lights
we've done a lot of the doorman yes
hopefully he just grows out of it if has
a temple back goodbye more apples yeah I
got any more apples and bananas and
yogurt it's your lucky day yeah all
right you guys excuse me I'm getting my
diaper changed jump zone was closed so
we're at bouncy slide
our other favorite place in the valley
hi good in the slide imma see
sigh don't know if you could carry
earlier but jump zone doesn't open till
3pm I know that but I guess we never
really going to the afternoon so
bounce inside at a good time I've got
both babies here this is tj's first time
in dena look all around here usually I
leave her home sleeping over Nelly
but we're all here together today have
some fun so gross and rainy and slushy
outside this kid to Devon he didn't want
to get out today so maybe holding enough
after we're gonna decide if not whatever
okay you go
ready hey Mark did that go
Croesus
whoa careful all right here we go
now taking 50 back up
hey ready fit ready Noah hey hey hey
good
draw lines are maybe her fell over no
just check on this last one Oh careful
good job while I was much more grateful
than ever been bush thank you being
burned
ha
around
go to dark
that's good too dark aside of that dork
in there
the guys I wish this sisters first time
in about town good job buddy good job
hahaha do da do it again right onto the
TV
no he bends so far that he like flies
backwards is so funny and he's off and
he's off where is he where is he where
is the guy various
go under bud go under the two
good job hahaha I still can't believe my
two year old can do this awesome this is
what happens when you don't take naps
train the day you just fall asleep on
the ground opens my office poor guy oh I
repeat the basketball jersey has come
off and the football jersey has come on
oh my goodness sissy sissy you're okay
oh sorry says I shouldn't be watching I
shouldn't be laughing I can hear okay um
no what are you wearing football jersey
what are you watching football we're
watching way so this is like the big
game master to Genoa Bama oh he keeps
yelling fire all right here cuz he loves
women when they players mountain fire
samjha studies root for Clementine
what's it called uh Crimson Tide with
the computer testing oh no what's the to
go I don't clubs in to win this year
come tell them my license yeah I'm sure
coloma ktir decked out in their
Bamberger they've had enough GV chip
that they have go kings go anyway Sam
made a great dinner we're having steak
quesadillas and some veggies and fruit
they look delicious thanks babe I went
into the gym I went and did the gym I
went to the gym then when picked up
poopy he's here tonight visiting gay and
then I went clean headquarters Sam I got
two out of the three back work done
girl the living room I clean today is
destroyed but that's okay having kids oh
no don't throw the baby blueberries
please I knew he would see doesn't start
eating him okay let's sit down for
prayer first all right Alabama's winning
14 and nothing no can you say roll tad
say road Todd R oh yeah oh God and I
haven't mailed out the package of the
headphones to Sarah who won them yet
because it was so snowy I'm gonna snow
it in but we're gonna write a little
message on the back and send this to her
in the headphone package you want to
write something okay here so you can
have one of those in your room say thank
you Sarah you write that down thank you
Sarah put your hands lower down on the
pen thank you say thank you Sarah you
rock not too much receptacle did you
read it yeah okay thanks Kim awesome how
you drew a chicken okay there you go
Sarah no I drew you chicken I'm gonna
write something in general write
something too okay Sarah I'll mail that
tomorrow you have the chicken as well
you do whatever you want with this give
it here is our Christmas card Clemson's
up now three minutes 58 seconds left is
a big play right here big big play big
big boy big big boy big big boy big big
boy big big big big big black big big
black big big play big big WOW even
bigger forth in 10 oh my god i sells the
ball game ladies and gents oh oh oh oh
oh my goodness oh oh my Wow good stuff
guys if anyone wants this game post in
the comments those who your you were
rooting for all right Clemson's you know
when I right here
BAM wow what a game I would normally
feel bad for Alabama or the team that
that just happened to but album has one
so much they're like the Yankees of the
90s the Lakers the Bulls you know it's
good to see another team win for once
but if you're an Alabama fan no matter
how many times you when you always want
to win the next year too and it hurts
just as much but you guys have won a lot
lately congrats Clemson congrats very
good game
yeah I didn't know I could get youtube
in the car
