good afternoon it's actually afternoon
sweet so cute oh you guys it's so cute
so he went to church this morning last
night when I went to bed I looked
through the forecast and there's
supposed to be a ton of snow and I
wonder if if we get a lot of snow Church
might be cancelled which is always kind
of crazy but I really didn't snow at all
but it's snowing now so we're gonna go
shovel again and in the forecast the
next three days there's snow snow snow
snow including one day I think I just
showed it was me like seven to twelve
inches having a good data yes kids just
had good naps cuz we're early church we
go to church at nine o'clock no I just
took a nap in the car and then when you
sat in the garage right edited the vlog
for mr. day yes what'd you do nursery
today you went bowling
did you like nursery today he had a good
time lots people's and now he's making a
play dough ice cream which is pretty
cool he just loves play-doh so you put
it in there can you make me some ice
cream you never gonna make me any mom
woke up early church came home a little
snack got these kids some naps edited
the vlog in the car now we're here
now it's time to shuffle and it's a
little warmer now like 20-something
degrees it feels warmer though actually
snow seems like all of the United States
even the warmer states some of them have
been getting snow so that's kind of
interesting and apparently in those
states people like really freaked out
when it snows I also got this little
sushi kit which I'm gonna try out this
week make some sushi rolls hopefully it
goes well and I got a nonstick chef's
knife to cut the sushi you wanna make
sushi this week that'd be fun huh oh
that's the other ice creams going dude
that was sweet
look at that one it's like a yellow pink
swirl good job buddy
wow you actually doing pretty well what
are you having fun with it no they're
play-doh in there this kid just gets
funnier and funnier whenever we play
hide and seek he was I told it's not
cheating to close his eyes and count to
ten and he always peeks every time it's
really funny anyway he knew where we
were Sam I'm telling that until this
weird YouTube here hold this so I can
show better so he already knew where we
were he just counted to ten and he
slowly creeps over to where he knows we
are that's equal sissy first she was
playing she was hiding and she was
finding us you playin hide-and-seek bugs
and then you did on the table but looked
around for a while I hide under table
I'm gonna go shovel the snow okay ready
nine ten where is he this
hmm
Plato will be the death of me
crumbs driving me nuts and one else out
there with me any other mom to eat
play-doh mm-hmm
he loves it though Sam just commented I
like play-doh
cuz I've been saying I hate play-doh so
much I like play-doh I loved it as a
child loves played on child I just hate
the money no yeah look I'm making a
sundae float or it's a banana and the
strawberry gonna make this little thing
yeah okay okay you can make all of these
things too it's actually a really cute
set I would have loved it as a child
my tail is a pretzel any little bit so
what are you making a heart yeah we're
gonna play a little game it's called
find the princess let's find the
princess where could she be
oh my goodness ha I'm banging YouTube
kids
oh that's so funny
I think he saw well he sees on YouTube
kids like people taking play-doh off of
like eggs and stuff you know but his
little his cousin Abe also doesn't sound
like make little play-doh outfits for
his toys and now Noah is just completely
covering it no no no put play-doh down
there cuz won't build to get it out okay
yeah and this is Hobbit our play-doh it
turns into one big color one big brown
color is not right he's having her die
Nawab it's been help help help ale
cuz she's covered in play-doh is she in
play-doh yeah yeah could you breathe No
I found you Rapunzel we found you okay
you know what you're cute who's your
best friend
dad dad who's your best friend mama
what's your favorite thing about mommy
do you like her dancing there's mommy
nice to you does she play playdough with
you hopefully this is recording so
Sunday's are a little harder for vlogs
because we're at church meetings trying
to get the kids nap we're trying to
think of something that we could do
every Sunday maybe like a Q&A do want to
do Q&A sometime yeah yeah have you guys
have any ideas post in the comments and
we will make sure to do it I don't need
to do like every Sunday because there
are some Sundays were towner with
friends and be fun to have something
consistent I also just wanted to say
thank you guys for being so nice in the
comments yesterday I think one of the
harder things about having a public life
on YouTube or Twitter or Instagram is
when I read a comment on one of those
social media platforms that's inaccurate
and just so false about Jenna doesn't
happen often I feel like our community
of samokov vlogs the YouTube family is
actually really positive and great
yesterday's vlog the beginning of it
you saw truly who Jenna's she's always
out to be good she doesn't have like a
bad bone in their body I feel like you
should marry someone that makes you want
to be a better person and that's exactly
who Jenna's
DJ Noah she's a great mom great wife
great friend and anyone that ever doubts
that they deserve her
alright see you guys tomorrow
djay Noah
