good morning guys it is a blimey
negative seven degrees out and i'm
probably crazy for doing this today
probably should pick the different days
but we've gotten a lot of snow recently
and um earlier i had told my friend
kaitlyn that i would come and get to the
snow off of Carters little headstone so
i might do that today this morning and
first I've gotta find it because there's
a lot of snow so I'm gonna try to take a
little path and maybe other people that
could be helpful for other people too
hopefully i get done quick but i'm
really happy i can do this for her
because she doesn't have it she says she
doesn't live up here and so she doesn't
get to see a little boy every day so I'm
excited that I can come up and help a
little bit and get to visit him at the
same time so let's try and go get all of
the snow off and then i'll show you his
cute lil headstone because his dad
actually drew something special for it
and it's so cute so okay so the women
here once and I tried to remember where
to go the last time I was here but it
was really hard and there's so much snow
you guys like up to my knees counting I
found I could cry i'm so happy i found
him because there's too much snow
I didn't think I'd be able to find it I
was calling a friend Kailen like where
do I go where are you so worried but I
think she's busy she couldn't return my
call but I kind of guessed and it was
this very spot that makes me so happy I
look like a guy right now okay if you're
so grateful I could help with this I
wish I could uncover all of them but
there's so much snow and they're so cold
i'm wearing two pairs of gloves and my
hands are frozen so how do we go see a
good picture for her and then i'll show
you guys okay come on camera oh so happy
i just feel bad that I can't shovel more
I just I don't know where to put the
snow there's just so much snow but I
feel don't go for a few that we're next
to him
that's going to leave the car running so
it's nice and warm me to get back in but
it is so cold out there today I just
wish I could I wish I could do more okay
I was kind of able to make a little path
it's really hard to see but there's a
beautiful drawing right here of an
airplane with a little elephant and a
giraffe and um Carter's dad Caitlyn's
hasn't actually drew that so they were
able to put it on a little stone and
it's so pretty and I was able to find
his little airplane and some of his cars
are here but I know that they'll get
buried again so I don't worry about that
but that's good so I wasn't able to
uncover too much there's just so much
snow everywhere but I kind of dust it
off with you I don't know I don't want
to disrespect anyone's families by
uncovering them or messing with them so
just did little Carter's know who's in
the bath of you go to babies in tub
those fast okay that's enough too much
interface interface no no you / yourself
please drink the water dad were you
doing I'm right here I can't feel you
you keep doing your naked body roll the
basketball game today perfectly like too
many moles
cold outside its make a nice more bad
and yeah nose first basketball game then
when you go to a game confer ever since
you saw Mommy and Daddy go to one I
think he thinks Jimmy Butler's gonna be
there Jimmy Butler's Ahmed either it's a
different team it's a Utah State that's
right Fanny guava Hey hi Cindy Liggett
roll here Larry's here is no talk of a
cool dude Oliver she's not scared at all
don't worry don't worry we are within
our reach hey textured ok no just took a
nap in the car with mommy three days in
a row and now we're anywhere the
basketball game you still waking up it's
very excited do you want your cups at
jamia get your cup set ok because we
were both wearing our jerseys and Cubs
heads although they're playing a team
that wears red you know V so got a buddy
to go but
no it's care to make food right now so
you
over there he's not going to do anything
this is a perfect app of time for new it
mascot ball Michelin Man got a bag skit
of groceries
lady blue baby blue evil
raka
I'm ran from Michelin Man
no it's pretty info
is it h through one of the mets got two
dead so
just walk
he
all right in the game itself up to the
top rope this guy just wanted to climb
every single chair but Noah is the good
luck charm the Aggies are gonna win it
is 709 262
mt
there you go
there you go on the bus all right let's
go find mommy oh my goodness that came
out it's snowing Oh more snow hey what
about me are you gonna run into my arms
you gonna write into my eyes miss to you
what Jeff run in the game Noah epic man
exactly yeah he was he funny yeah who
won Aggies he kept saying let's go bulls
let's go bulls he's gonna bust too is it
fun it's really kind of confusing cuz
one of the team's rose red well we was
there no I know tell mommy what else was
there big blue who was with big blue
there was a baby blue yeah who'd it be
just like there's a baby that Nina bowl
oh yeah great fun like booking photo
slide I still game open i spoke to her
part boy Big O
they go baby yeah baby boy daddy why did
you take so oh hell I don't p I you have
food on your face yeah mommy I know we
can any questions for me yeah what all
right get one of my you like what like
white so stinking cute oh yeah oh yeah
cool moose dances dance move time is
going crazy dress himself today it's
true he didn't think is no it's busy
yeah cool dude boosters if you want to
get
yeah he really wanted Sam to match him
maybe where he did teammates ampworks
village he carry he carried that Jersey
around for an hour before he left I'm
not even joking I went and took a shower
careful and use this sitting in the
chair waiting for me holding the jersey
when I came out of the shower in your
office daddy's know in the bigger a
jersey now you as you go out yeah I'm
filming this a hat for my sister Christy
she made it Christy if you're watching
check it out looking marvelous hey let's
go
