whoa whoa let me post the Sun to it turn
let's see share copy link wait what the
oh there's a community thing - I need to
do that
what's up people share Twitter okay oh I
prefer OHS for a second sorry if it
froze for a second I apologize I was
going on Twitter I just put a hat on cuz
uh I usually put product in my hair
every single day and I washed it very
thoroughly today and then to anything
and it's just like a fluff ball don't
touch my hair say what's up I bet the
snack what food wait what
I do it CIB you wanna do that okay guys
how is it going how is it going Oh
today's been a really relaxing Saturday
I'm gonna get to what you might have
seen as the thumbnail and some other
things I'm here upstairs in our house
honestly I don't feel like there's a lot
of vlog time up here we're usually
downstairs we come up here every night
to wind down and also usually play it
here in the morning as well and yeah
anyways we know what we should do a
house tour um today's been a relaxing
Saturday last night I convinced Jen and
Monica to go shopping for some clothes
and they went to Target and then today
they were gonna do like an extended
version of that because Jen just doesn't
spend any money she never buys herself
anything I wanted her to treat herself
feel good feel good and her pregnancy
get some maternity clothes get whatever
she wants you know just feel good and so
I they had planned to do that today and
I was at home with the kids put down for
Penelope for a nap and Noah really
wanted to watch a shark documentary so
we watched that for about 30 minutes and
then I got a little bit intense for him
so he was like ah let's just watch some
animated sharks so we did that we both
fell asleep we both fell
sleep together how long were you sleep
or sleep for like two hours and I have
five hours maybe he's an hour and a half
it felt really long I feel I probably
looked hard I feel so relaxed and good
right now this is the most relaxed
Saturday I've had in a wall and then PJ
was asleep and then Jen came home to us
hey sometimes someone doesn't like not
having the attention excuse me Noah
please don't throw this that's not nice
so anyways we came home and what I'm
trying to get to is today something
arrived hey hold on I need to talk to
Noah he's throwing those fans and Noah's
being naughty he wants the attention I
started a new hobby everybody we're
gonna see how it goes but I may have
purchased a sewing machine and I'm
currently working on my very first
project ever of my entire life
here you take this I was just I was just
guys you can't let the kids get away
even during a live stream he had to go
pick up his stuff and say he was sorry
so yeah we get to where we are now
hey I'm watching you and we are in our
messy bedroom at the moment you can see
the remains of our inflatable raft and
Jen what are you doing what what did you
get today so you got some Christmas
money I think you've all about this
we'll probably post it very very very
soon with it this girl I know posted a
lot of like beginner patterns for free
on her blog and I was like those are so
cute it's like jumper like rompers and
make baby leggings and stuff and then I
was doing a lot of research on YouTube
and watching people learn how to sew and
you want to learn I've always wanted to
learn I just haven't haven't done it
yeah so I feel like you've kind of
mentioned it here and there and I've
wanted to get you a sewing machine but I
also felt like oh man my nose does along
the same lines as like the vacuum gift
it's like hey babe I love you
here's a vacuum oh I just sneezed yeah
someone's fun I see you gotta see this
too
he was so good until now but of course
sometimes yeah mommy daddy can't be
doing anything else so anyways I want to
thank you uh someone to bless you so
yeah I was gonna get Jen a sewing
machine a while ago but I just felt I
didn't want it to be another one of
those gifts
I wanted you to decide when you're ready
to get one so we got this on Amazon um
it wasn't too crazy expensive or
anything fingers like a hundred dollars
which is how much but how much you got
for Christmas money 150 the reviews are
pretty good though this is not a bad
deal you guys it's a brother who's
stitching patterns over there we've been
recording stuff no hey excuse me anyway
what do you what do you think so far
it's harder than it seems but also
easier than it seems if you like really
follow the directions it's not like I
mean it'd be better find like a teacher
but you're gonna go meet with mom's
house she's gonna teach me some stuff
huh I'm making a skirt although I should
have I didn't do the right length from
the beginning so is that gonna make her
PJs yes
okay let's see hold up I forgot
cut that in the very beginning when it
was flat and now it's scrunched so you
know you learn you know okay hun said
let's sew together
Jenny mister says look up local park
districts community centers for classes
- yes yeah and the local Joanne's has
classes - even but yeah I'm gonna have
Elliot's mom teach me and Monica
although I feel like Monica is gonna get
very frustrated very fast cuz I'm Monica
likes things done fast
yeah sewing is not fast thing it's
time-consuming so we set up a little
little station here I gotta move those
boxes yeah Kevin what's in that we I
moved those out of my office during the
holidays here's our bird house Jen's
paint thing here's some mate' and didn't
drink I love my day here's my son that I
love who I love to give my intention to
hey BJ
hey miss BJ watching some nursery rhymes
you gotta clean up in here how about
backstage let's see what let's see is it
let's see what's on the dresser toys
hide your own box my glasses wigs all
your typical stuff are you wet no way
what happened what happened you get okay
does anyone have a sewing machine how do
i back stitch um we I think I need your
instructions
we'll see is it is it part of the petal
I feel like I knew this how did you just
hit your mouth you okay your mouth
paddy boxes usually there's a button or
lever with an error
knob on this side there's usually a
button here right here know what I think
it's I think it's this button but every
time I push it it doesn't it doesn't do
anything I'll have to push it I'll have
to hold it down thank you thank you
first day we literally just got this yes
the etz mom said you have to do it while
sewing try holding it in and I just my
nose just got all sniffy we literally
just came like an hour before Jen left
with Monica hey I know you're trying to
get attention I just I just need 10
minutes my brother and about anybody
else with kids out there every once in a
while it's funny like happy playing by
himself as soon as I turn this on or
sometimes when we turn on the vlog all
things go crazy careful baby so I was
only gonna do a 10-minute vlog in that I
think for the sake of all of us Wickham
the light Disney's all right this and
you so bad right now I'm going to I'm
gonna put the phone down for a second
please
it's funny so like I said today's been
like the most relaxing day ever
hello I'm gonna sneeze give me one
second
as soon as I say it's been the most
relaxing day mayhem breaks loose
the irony guys the I we all even got I
got a nap today I've never felt so
rested in this whole year you want to
get banana what do you want together
let's go get something parent life
parent life of course yeah I think it's
good though if you're a parent the last
thing I want you to think when you watch
our videos is that like our kids are
angels and that you're doing something
wrong in your life or that your kids
aren't this is the reality people this
is the reality might when did someone
you say PJ is my twin my twin what I do
is Scotty I got to get Scotty a snacks
fix everything what do you want to eat a
banana has bananas doing a banana
okay can you say please can you please
I like this skinny bananas way better
than the big fat ones like the little
ones these ones the little ones have way
more flavor I think most of the time the
big ones go I've been making them a lot
of peanut butter bread and bananas is
all you are yeah do you think you
deserve it my man we're not dinner soon
so let's just do the banana is it cool
you only put a little peanut butter on a
plate let's do a little bit you want to
help me make it how about how about the
whining
you're such good parents
not always guys not always we're trying
we're trying work in progress I feel
like I don't want you to fall I gotta
open up that cabinet es+ should be
sitting up here let me open up this so I
can put the people somewhere let's see
what's up people there we go
you want to see the people up there say
what's up people hey see what's up
people do you see yourself say wassup
people can you hear us
do you speak a name to have an name we
have a couple names Jerry my Bruni said
Jerry I'm not gonna make You peanut
butter a breaded and banana but that
kind of attitude okay do you want some
too okay I wish I had a stand what's for
dinner
peanut butter peanut butter bananas and
bread no we try to do something fun on
the weekend so we'll probably make some
pizza or something
you are McDonald's what about pizza okay
I need to go grab the peanut butters Oh
sis he just wants a piece of bread I'm
gonna bring sissy with me so she doesn't
fall I got this song let me come down
here so yeah I've been like flying solo
with the kids most today you know me I
chopped that up and it's actually been
really relaxing into the phone I have a
great day
how about you guys what do you guys up
to this Saturday plans for the weekends
some days some days have been really bit
you mean cut yours up to join put peanut
butter on bread for you has been really
good okay what are we doing tomorrow you
know saying I put a lot hey you didn't
go to church did you exercise no cuz you
want to make sure you aren't contagious
after everyone was saying you were
contagious
you got some too okay a little bit less
yeah but you're but you're I wish you
guys could see this I need to get a
better there we go
better live streaming like something for
my phone I should get one of those mics
and little tripods wait wait wait excuse
me excuse me miss excuse me miss it's
right here I got it right here
and you all we live stream every week um
I'd like to I was actually gonna talk
about this you want bananas on there
they're just peanut butter just be any
butter
he's just gonna like the peanut butter
off let me see let me flip this how is
it I don't want to see you tongue is it
good he's like she's like a defeated
butter off I'm sorry guys we were
upstairs and Jen and then things got a
little got a little wide that's who whoa
oh my goodness
whoa you're the banana guy you mean I
want to see you take a bite of that okay
but do it over the plate I don't want it
everywhere okay let's see oh my goodness
what do you call that I call it banana
madness banana madness um guys I wasn't
gonna talk about this not like anything
serious but in an effort to have like a
better schedule on YouTube to live a
healthier lifestyle and just healthier
life I was thinking about maybe just
like doing uh this isn't an official
announcement I think if we do it I'll
say it in a YouTube video I think maybe
just uploading trying to upload vlogs
Monday through Friday and then maybe
having bonus content on Saturdays and
Sundays after doing YouTube for four
years some people might be like oh you
two just like a vacation you can do
whatever you want but I I it's actually
pretty it's pretty like tolling when
you're added all the time so I know a
lot of people wish there is more
consistency and a schedule or just like
knowing what's going on so it's easier
to follow so I think I'd like to to do
something like that
starting as soon as maybe like Monday so
it's like cuz every day you're pretty
much trying to do something or like you
feel like you should upload something
even the days maybe that you don't so I
think it'd be nice
hey don't put that in we gotta clean
that um now that you know yes I will
work for me awesome yeah and then it
gives people time to catch up if they
need to but what was I gonna say oh it's
just like hard not having time where you
could just kind of like truly relax
complain about YouTube is my job no I'm
not complaining about YouTube as my job
I'm just explaining that like from a
like on Sundays were gone all day and
Saturdays are generally pretty busy and
so I just think it would be healthy for
us to have a schedule and that would be
the best schedule for us but there could
be bonus content I'm not complaining
that's the last thing I'm doing I'm
doing I'm just trying to figure
something else just figure something out
that would work for everybody
this is the first I'm seeing how's this
your first thing here
sometimes like live videos pop up on on
the YouTube I hope does it sound like
I'm complaining I'm really not trying to
complain if anything I'm super grateful
PJ's adding more peanut butter that's
good I'm gonna put this back yeah I got
to put this back you want a little bit
of extra hey who's the stupid me thank
you I appreciate that if you're saying
that to me
ah Internet guys if you're here for the
first time and whoever said I was stupid
if I was to meet you should we should
meet up in person you can say that to my
face I bet it feel good it would feel
good huh I always like I always left it
like Internet warriors and then it
people that are like so strong it's like
all right would you say that to meet my
face probably not this doesn't that a
threat
I'm just saying like people is just like
it's crazy uh anyways do you have any
baby names we do have some baby names
there's one that we actually really
really really really really really like
but we're not sure yet it's super it's
super popular and like no his name's in
Charlie the Fox yeah Charlie the Fox
dang you've been eating all the bananas
now you got to eat the bread and and
peanut butter uh Thank You PJ the name
so Noah's name is actually super popular
we told my sisters and my family this
like well it's not like that it's held
you back in the past
I really like the name I have a good
nickname for it so we'll see well we'll
keep brains brain scheduler brains
getcha
I read schedule and I was thinking in
brain brainstorming I would love to see
cooking with Jen videos yeah so that's
when one of our goals to this year is
just having a better schedule as far as
cooking just life.i time management
right it's really easy to just like oh
we've been doing a lot today let's go
get some fast food or this or that so
Jen actually made a lot of stuff this
week that we have never tried before
while there are different pastas and
things and they were delicious I I know
Jen showed one of those and I don't
think she gave me the link for the
recipe
Haggar one there you go should we go
check on mom I where's the person that
called me stupid where'd you go you ever
been say anything any lately
am I going to spring training yes I have
tickets to six of the games so I'll
either go to that many or you're stupid
thank you I'm hoping to go to that many
pick you up please don't scream them
come here I don't want to get peanut
butter all over me oh you peed it all
over your face I gotta go get a napkin
you meant Julianne Zobrist yeah I bought
a bunch of tickets in like different
seats and stuff sometimes just like the
cheap ten ten dollar ones so
I need to get some napkins for these
kids John what do you think of Chicago
West the name I would never do it I only
like it because I'm from Chicago
yeah she said dirty oh that's cute
practice just going like great well this
doesn't have to be like yeah I know
Kanye's from Chicago to know she's got
peanut butter all over her face
Chicago Anderson yeah we have like a
name that we're totally leaning towards
their noses Jerry the Fox what time is
it 5:00 2400 that's why the kids are
acting crazy that's why the kids are
acting crazy
Oh guys it's been 25 minutes
Grayson we we love that name we just
Greyson Anderson for some reason just
seemed to like that was really nice we
thought for her Noah and then we met his
middle name is gray so all right guys I
just wanted to go alive today I meant to
post something yesterday I consider this
yeah consider this let's do it Monday
through Friday for sure and then maybe
bonus stuff on the weekend house tour we
got dejan coming to visit this weekend
daehan's bringing his girl I don't know
if he's still in the chat the day hon
Jane flying out with his girl I need to
watch that vlog I saw some face masks
are you guys engaged married I'm still
stupid thank you thank you very much I
appreciate that
and jen is actually we didn't plan this
well we just found out
Jen's grandma Bella is turning 90 so she
is going to fly to California actually
which seems silly because it's only six
hours away but since we only have one
car and we found tickets red chip for
$100 she's gonna fly out with PJ for a
couple days to be at Bella's 90th
birthday party
I wish I could go but it'll be okay
plus they had dejan they'll be here so
we'll have a good time we'll have double
the fun and then Jim will come back I'm
planning some things from with daehan's
here I want to go to I kind of want to
go to the book technical garden I don't
know if you would enjoy that but I think
Noah would and then there's a place
called Hertz donut which is like the
joke right and supposedly it's really
good supposedly it's kind of like a a
voodoo doughnut kind of thing so we're
gonna go there let's see ah ah be nama
let's see how can I just block to you
block you hide user on this channel dope
hey it's probably uh oh I couldn't even
see the last comment cuz it was blocked
so it's all good guys honestly when you
go live on YouTube often it ends up on
like the home page and you get people
that come in just to like troll you etc
so I am NOT personally affected by that
I like to talk to the people that say
that kind of stuff cuz it's like I don't
I don't understand
I don't understand the angle I don't
want to get all serious on you guys but
like there's people public figures that
I receive lots of hate like athletes etc
and I think some of them mean obviously
this is again a little more serious but
I think about like the kid that
committed suicide that was a quarterback
for Washington State and
you know you wonder like what was going
through his head he was just like a
student-athlete right and I saw someone
tweet out to like we're just student
athletes and people were constantly
probably tweeting them maybe after a bad
game or different fan bases etc there's
obviously some public figures it's like
yeah you do whatever you want but at the
end of the day we're all just humans
we're all just trying to get by we're
all just trying to get through life and
the best way we can
so it's good to think about that when
you are thinking about maybe criticizing
someone else I'm honestly I'm fine guys
but I just think about that I think
about like that kid I'm like goodness
you know like what was going through his
head
what was he struggling with and maybe it
wasn't noticeable but inside something
obviously was hurting him and he was you
know at the front of his football team
so there might have been something
people were saying to him I don't know
you don't know what could trigger
something like that um anyways thank you
guys for hanging out been live for 29
minutes I like the name Logan yeah we
liked the name Logan I don't think we'll
will name her yeah I could look in there
but that would mean it would be a good
name especially because we lived in the
city of Logan for a while
Hudson Henry um for baby boy name I like
those names I like Liam I don't think
we'll go with him
let's see the Wilkey ways they have a
kid we actually really like the name
Liam they have a Liam and a Noah another
biblical idiom guys I didn't even i'm
not even about like the biblical like I
guess churchy names but that that
happened with Noah but like I don't
think of Noah as in Noah the ark when I
think of Noah
so I don't know it's weird I don't think
so I hear some tears upstairs I'm gonna
shut this down I'm I'm on dinner JD I'm
gonna I'm gonna make pizza or something
okay guys thanks for hanging out and we
will be back
maybe tomorrow but for sure let's get
this this schedule up it'll be good for
me you'll be good for you guys we are
almost halfway there to adding someone
else to our family which blows my mind
but at the same time that's very
exciting we have a lot to do until then
alright guys have a great Saturday night
and a great rest of your weekend thank
you for stopping by and spending time
with us I'm trying to how do I end this
all those the ex alright guys love you
