good morning no cash no one's going to
music class this is gonna music class to
look at you in your little Bonnie you're
so cute what do you need at music class
tinkle tinkle stars yeah so no isn't
this like little music class last year
it was just kind of like a little test
class yeah and I don't think there's
enough people interested is during the
summer maybe i can remember but it
starts today and he's going and I'm on a
streak of getting the vlog up early
although last night was kind of rough
cuz I'd helped a little man out so I'm
gonna finish editing that and uploaded
right now staying on schedule feeling
good and I can't wait to see how music
class goes yeah we're gonna go to music
class names with knows are at the
fantasy Sam they're going to go to the
class with us but it is currently
negative 16 degrees outside what and I'm
joking i've been checking the forecast
I'll morning it's freezing your store
check your bundles up so we're getting
bundled up
hello it is really cool brain like three
hoodies mm-hmm cups at which gives me
extra room because the fire that emitted
from their beds oh gosh nothing here
nope good for me I have my name on it
it's for both of us yo pockets you mean
that's like vacuum sealed yeah I
supposed to come in a couple days
because tomorrow we're getting a sushi
set I was looking at two different sets
and i ordered this one that had like
five stars is really cheap that's her
David yeah it says David I'm I think
it's from grandpa but tomorrow or maybe
sunday whenever we have time I think we
should try and make sushi I think I
agree cuz we love eating sushi and it's
expensive and if we could make some
rolls at home obviously we're not gonna
go full out deluxe we're not going to be
at french kiss rolls here yeah but i
mean we could do that california rolls
and stuff it's a woman on it yeah hey
how many sheets do you think that is um
150 that's crazy five stars on on amazon
people love sushi I mean love seaweed
like that nervousness no another
Christmas card it's actually not what is
it what's that a clue mm-hmm I might not
show you the front cuz thats too much
information on it Charles melis oh I'm
so excited that's so exciting you cute
cute we love Charles and Ali's so much
how come to visit can't wait to go
celebrate with that RSVP at the rspb
says wouldn't miss it for the world or
we'll be there in spirit yeah I'm so
excited
book that flight ooh yeah citing stuff
coming up I actually thought I could
handle the cold this winter when I was
you know 20 degrees 30 degrees is like
this isn't that bad maybe I'm just a man
now and I can handle this cold weather
but anything negative degrees or like
five degrees anything single digit and
then double digit negative it's like
booger freezing cold it is so cold and I
don't mind the snow I like the snow as
long as I'm not traveling I like having
this not like shovel and I like playing
in it but when it is this cold the snow
almost becomes dry oh it's like
sandpaper as it hits your face tomorrow
we're supposed to get even more smell
like four to eight inches so kind of
insane right now guys it is so cold it's
dangerous it has actually dangerous for
little kids to be out in the snow or
this cold weather that for too long I
remember they're like growing up we'd
have small dog warnings if it was too
cold or windy and I think it's a small
kid warning i'm putting that out there
and i leave me out for a second how does
it get out of the car oh so in slam
stocking I got him a nose trimmer it's
like a gag I'm no that's well that's
what's scary though cuz like I actually
want to use it and I feel like it's
gonna snag me I know it turns on these
are batteries yeah do you find that you
push of the button what woman right
there yeah I'm trying what do you mean
well see that's why it scares me even
more like why do I want to say that my
nose if it's possibly poor quality I
haven't actually used it oh that is
terrifying
if you do of it hey you have nose hair
I'm not really yeah I'm not like a hairy
person I don't have like any here in my
chest I like barely can grow facial hair
but I think there's an Anderson oh my
god that's scary like what if it grabs
your skin grab yourself a little wet I'm
wonder if it be satisfying the noise of
cutting bit I'm nervous this is what we
do when it's negative degrees outside
look at that it's like I'm trying to
like film it but it's hard to turn on
early is all just spins oh you think
anything of it you stick it up there
when it's ready on you think your
training on walls in there yeah that's
scarier really yeah stick it in their
way okay okay I'll try yeah sui google
it I'm scared I heard it already
crisping something whatever near my nose
like my son was like something in the
air oh gosh what if it grabs when it
starts spinning around like whose brain
you don't have your hair's not that long
go check it out what it's come on we're
gonna do it in the mirror I'm like Fleur
my nostrils like hardcore aw yeah yeah
yeah my fur because then they really big
and it will fit in easily ah first so
that people really do this like every
day goes where's the hair go oh my gosh
that tickles I don't like it do it ah
I'm just a little like usually like I
got it okay I'm getting more confidence
no haven't really not even hands for
like boogers
hey bears out I know it's gay all right
okay no oh that's awful it smells I can
smell like three electronics a hair
braid haha i kinda making oh you miss a
few you missed a few let me do it for
you I'll just leave you alone with your
nose trimmer ah it's like a real leap of
faith for the cheap electronic and
sticking that in your nose I don't know
if I want to do that again kind of scary
another pull them out individually the
dollar No Oh scary okay was a dollar and
like the dollar temporary at target you
want a vlog here okay what the camera
yeah that guy
no it doesn't take naps anymore and when
he doesn't nap he gets really really
kind of like pinky / I don't wanna say
mean but he's a toddler especially at
night so it's good that he takes naps
it's good for his body it's good for his
brain it's good for all of us and it's
good for him this is my second day that
I've been driving him around at the same
time he used to take naps and within a
couple minutes he always falls asleep
this is the face of someone who snuck an
ice cream out of the freezer aisle by
himself and went to Daddy cuz he knew
mommy would have said no and daddy
thought mommy got it for him so he said
yes chocolate face hey how was music
class did you like it new tackle Sam
yeah you had fun with Sam huh no no
we're not gonna tackle Sam where we
going you like downtown I'm gonna jump
zone Galaga yeah they're gonna move is
there in a little while we have had a
relaxed chill day in the house sam took
no on a drive drive we have to do these
days and whatever oh what oh okay for
you okay anyway we gotta get out of the
house even though it's still negative
degrees outside um we've gotta get out
for a little antsy in here so I'm gonna
take no to jump zone sorry blurry baby
is trying to take a nap right now and
sansome stay get some stuff done just
kind of have a moment to himself and
relax and then I think tonight we're
gonna go boy so fun day we are out of
here ready that pose
he's put this video can you say say
dudes night out Oh big money hey up
on the last one
dudes night I deeds matter hmm oh I'm
going all I thing yeah you're good boy
olympic games
