Noah do you know what today is what is
it who's nine months old today we got a
package hey sippy you name one joke
today
yes it's really cause to me that's like
18 months into labor my water broke in
my sleep felt like I've seen my pants
daehan came over watch Noah
Dejan is doing the many work today
watching Noah Oh juju is coming too so
that would be good
dude you're gonna be a big brother okay
she's constantly changing too it's just
crazy
sometimes she looks like Jen sometimes
she looks like me sometimes she looks
like nobody I have Kristi's path that
she made her
a blanket that she made just keep their
warm under there right now before we
know
my Christmas present needs a phone call
grandpa so I still really like sneakers
and with every kid that we've had I've
kind of slowed down not bought as much
when we had Noah
to look at your break and then I bought
a couple pairs and after Penelope I
think I've only gotten like one or two
pairs of
well I think I've only bought one pair
Archy bears which is really good for me
I really slowed down and try to be a
more responsible adult when I do buy
sneakers sneakers are kind of expensive
I always try to make up for it in some
way by selling things and I don't want
it just to come out of pocket you know
I'm gonna call myself a sneaker
collector or a sneaker head but there
are certain ones that catch my high I
just got a shipment in and this might be
one of the most hype releases of 2016
but I was lucky enough to get really
care about this you could fast forward
if that's the case but it's something
that I really enjoy anyways this is the
ultra boost collaboration between Adidas
and Pitt there's only like seven
thousand pairs made in the United States
or world I think eons ago yeah cool
that's ugly it's like an ugly Christmas
sweater I love them we got my dad's I'm
ultra boost for Christmas I got Jensen
for her birthday she got some for me for
my birthday and they are the most
comfortable shoe that I have worn in the
past couple years just so comfy everyday
shoe I don't the W wearing these every
day because they're pretty hard to get
but I did try them on already like
walking on pillows sometimes I think go
to sleep they start tingling there's
gotta be at least one other sneaker and
out there that it appreciates these
looking
I see my doing like a shoe review like
the guys online but I think this is
enough cuz it comes with extra brake
laces and these like right now now a lot
of people that would get these shoes
they might not even wear them they'll
put them away
maybe wear him in a year for some
special outing I'm gonna put them on
right now take picture in the snow
straight two feet and then maybe back in
the box but I will wear these a lot kind
of smell like pickles okay
the Christmas present Fiasco has been
resolved you see dad got a little
confused cuz I may have told him a few
different things first I was gonna have
him get the kids like a little piece of
little people house and I was like oh
but Noah and Penelope probably like this
little woodsies treehouse better so my
dad got little people stuck in his head
I just remembered people instead of
woodsies he got little people and treat
house in his head instead of little
woods these tree house so that's why I
end up sending let me show you this
little thing which is really really cute
but Amazon sometimes for little people
things jacks up the price implements you
do great we love Amazon but sometimes
for certain towards check out the price
that thing that my dad had got they
jacked up the price a crazy so I was
like dad don't worry I'm gonna return it
you okay you ready bad for that and then
we'll just get the have you get did a
little better treehouse so anyways it's
all good it's funny because that little
tiny treehouse thing that he got is like
double and maybe a little more than
double the price of this awesome big
treehouse cuz it's on sale right now so
I'm gonna get on really quick and buy it
so thank your dad just get this written
it could be a group kid gift figure that
out I was like dad it's like it wasn't
paid attention like no you weren't
paying attention scroll back a few texts
about five text messages and you'll see
the the target link I sent you oh that
guy cracks me up I cannot believe it
guys I cannot believe it's been nine
months it's so crazy how the nine months
they're out of your body just fly by and
the nine months you're there in your
body are like one's this
and it just seems like it's gonna last
like you're gonna be pregnant forever
and then I'll have said in your knot and
then I'll send there nine months old and
it pretty soon she'll be one and it's
crazy she's not so much a baby anymore
no she's still a baby you're still my
baby huh yes my baby she's closer to
being a toddler though it's really sad
I just wanna remember nine-month-old
Penelope forever yeah this you a nine
month old this no mundo Penelope eating
goldfish crackers she does so well
chewing food
way better than Noah did huh huh yes yes
you do hi baby
Hey she's so cute you guys really where
are we are you so excited
oh you wanting to come over Bradbury
for many days but their part is parking
lot for useless just crazy there's so
much snow you guys I can't like these
cars okay I don't know if I'm gonna see
those are cars they're buried that car
buried buried these cars are buried I
like reverse in like kind of book he's
so excited
anyway hopefully we can get out of here
when we need to go home it's just snow
it's just snow over and it's like seven
freaking degrees today for raising today
it was four degrees now shoveling snow
looks it's a little warmer now
honey how'd we get through over these
phrases are back together again
they've been wrestling and now they're
getting naked crazy they always like to
wrestle the shirts up I don't get it
okay show me how you asshole show me how
you wrestle come on Noah get him get him
Noah tackling silly no one's talking
more it's like full sentences it's crazy
oh we're back where we belong everyone
look at the boys perfect your skin looks
so flawless girl just looking real fresh
today anyway okay okay there's something
crazy
Noah's very happy they still have their
Santa tree up and we're just smelling
wonderful cookies I'm Trish that none of
us can eat service project that we're
just selling it and we're currently
discussing all of that to you
because of all their energy our pool
they're so silly two interesting things
today number one we were invited to be
in a new sci-fi TV show that's being
filmed in Utah and what do you want to
do go to the gym I thought you said you
wanted to play soccer football I'm gonna
come sit down here buddy see this is you
you're nine months old today I just
can't get over it you're the sweetest
little thing oh my goodness we figured
out last night too that she slept eight
hours straight last night that's good
they're so good sis you gotta be in this
- okay you love sports huh I don't I'm
not like making you love sports you
actually love sports huh who's the best
basketball player in the world you guys
dad dad head I go who's the second best
basketball player in the world and who
did you say he said you and then the
third best basketball player in the
world is who and he thinks LeBron James
has a Santa beard cuz we were watching
the game remember the guy with the Santa
beard yeah what's his name Oh
Bron James yeah yeah so okay it's gonna
be on a TV show yeah I'm gonna be a
extra a resistance fighter and the day
that I'm going gonna be me Dae Han and
Jackson would and I think the whole
family will come down we're gonna go
down to like Provo but it'll be pretty
funny I'm supposed to grow out facial
hair for the part January 17th so
cigarette some facial hair this is uh
not you know not the best of that kind
of gross looking
and I'm supposed to not cut my hair so
the next couple of weeks might be kind
of gross I also feel like I need to work
out a time to fit the resistance fighter
role come sit with me
oh you won't play peekaboo you just
don't play peekaboo huh
I'm not done talking I have something
else I want to say the other thing is is
that we booked our flights today to go
to D and Jeri Levine's wedding you
mentioned it so we're going to Arizona
in a month it's a nice little break from
the cold and we're gonna stay with some
of our friends I'm really excited I'm
really happy for them you excited yeah
we can do some fun activities over there
I'm gonna tell you your best ball game
on Saturday oh you want to the gym sweep
in your hoop yeah what we seeing sissy
are you saying mama made some mud deluxe
mac and cheese tonight
cucumbers grapes got some peas in the
microwave and tonight we are also going
to clean the church and I'm gonna go
work out because I'm a resistance
fighter and I do look like one
look at this is my driveway right now
this looks like a valley of snow oh my
goodness
and it is negative 1 degrees right now I
don't mind the snow but the cold weather
why okay we're at the church cleaning
Noah's spraying the windows
now we're gonna wipe them oh let's go
back a little bit there you go nice okay
that's gonna have to get that together
that's good now this one this one yeah
go all across there you go okay that's
good now let's wipe it uh-oh I think you
missed a spot down there look at down
that corner over there yep
such a good helper all done all right
say where your name is shoot dude
perfect sound guys celebrate celebrate
yeah don't talk about can you make
another one
Oh what about three in a row three in a
row oh we got to fix the hoop you gonna
shoot over the hoop oh good try good I
just got done cleaning the church he
legitimately thinks easily be perfect
and that that will be in win their
videos
have your eyes open
thank you have my ears like so but here
now it's like different angles and like
as even the minutes / gosh she looks
different
