I'm ready oh well you have an envelope
with question what is it
just open it wow this is know you'll
help me read this DNA results you are
not the father dr. pimple popper great
the the dr. pimple popper read the DNA
results says you are not the father
people always wondered is a PJ the Sam
the father of eating Sehun was not cast
to be the father of either of these
children always in season four Wow dr.
pimple popper shearing the DNA results
vary credited its doctor
no I what do you have to say about that
so if a mother's not my dad one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
sissy where did Noah go where'd he go
where'd it go okay count your attended
count close your eyes yeah close your
eyes keep them closed achiever do babies
that's to see to weird mommy don't wait
to see one two three four five you're
still under we're playing hide-and-seek
today
yes we are gonna go to Sam's house in
about a half an hour we are gonna go
hang out with Sam and Stacie and Tyler
haven't seen them in so long I think
daddy just got home baby maybe I don't
know oh that's goes here in 30 minutes
he's very excited to go are you exciting
you haven't done much today
we've been playing hide-and-seek and
every time I hide yes to see where'd my
pedo where'd Mommy goes to see it's
really cute this is you're out buying
groceries and then you're like food I'm
hungry and then you don't eat your
groceries I was near a sushi burrito cuz
I do the post office burrito
don't see Oh interesting
she loves that little bus that grandma
got her she always cops movies it comes
on dude eat your goldfish got you to see
also I haven't informed you guys but I
am obsessed with Gilmore Girls yeah well
I just wasn't letting myself I knew I'd
get obsessed with it and also just an
intrigue me at the time and right right
now I'm like all I wanna do is ignore my
children watch gossip and watching
Gilmore Girls but I'm not I'm never
doing them guys i watch and play i
multitask because I'm a mom and I can do
that I have a confession to make it's a
confession
how's that Sam's Club yeah I had 17
items in my cart there's a express
checkout where you scan yourself an item
limit when I'm at seven stuff I always
flip my items so they're barcode up as I
grab them okay I can quickly do that I
thought it'd be a quick trip but I got
17 items there were holiday Oh No
by treats did you we're trying to like
stop beat late which I'm not you treats
right now yeah those are for sissy yeah
what what there are a lot of things that
I didn't buy why would you buy these a
lot of clearance today like usually 30
something bucks and it was three three
dollars right as soon as they for the
price that I was saying they're like
this one couple we got like 20 expensive
and they were like three bucks - they
mark everything down I was like ah I
shouldn't use that but the lines are
insane for like the long ones I was like
all just be quick
they were like three open through the
four we're open I'm not so I go up I
start skating and then there's lady that
know 17 items never do that somehow I
scared one item twice oh gosh she's like
but you skin 18 cuz I was like I was
like it's okay it's okay I'll just pay
for it I'm sorry like it's me extra item
whatever he enjoys I felt like I feel
bad I don't apply she's like no we
should stay over
oh I would start over and she's actually
really nice about oh gosh so that is
like the one time you try to be sneaky
and you cuz when I go no I let him skin
it thanks forever
yeah
so lesson to learn hey hey what are you
doing those aren't for you that's not
for you
sinker oh my gosh Sam this is so
something Sam would do totally we don't
need this we don't need two of them
either oh man okay how'd you decide to
Casper the audition for Santa Claus oh
damn Jay Jay uh you know I feel like a
long hard-fought ition but I made it
because I feel like uh you know those
like stories where you have to get some
uncolored of ethnic color I think you
guys need a spice up of ethnicities and
Semco box we've definitely much fun here
well yeah we're like you bringing the
Latin side no worry are you Adam Oh
yeah
you know they'll be conceding roles I
mean like drama and season four where
you might confuse no dude I got a
document this look at these football
gloves you got on can I see him
those are pretty awesome you're gonna
stand test and what are the rules no
tackling right we don't tackle anyone as
soon as we're getting you into football
or another physical sport you can throw
your weight around yeah but that doesn't
mean we tackle you can play catch with
them okay really cute because you said I
be big and I said yes you're big that's
where we don't tackle is that only daddy
yep I said you can only tackle me yeah I
always tell them that all right Noah
handshake before you go touchdown shake
my hand
no we come in like this we go yeah
what's up man let me shake hands okay
ready no no give me that hand ready when
you score a touchdown you walk up to
your teammates and you're like this
thank you how long have you been doing
seven spots
oh wow few years ago you'd have to do
actually isn't our old house that Noah
was very crawling excuse me
probably what same age is Penelope
younger oh yeah exactly the same age how
do you cast the female my female here
yeah in same evokes how do you test the
girlfriend I don't know I don't know how
I cast it how many before how many girls
have I brought in two seasons of sample
blog who should we cast next I don't
know who should be comment down below
who should be cast next for we are
experiencing yet another blizzard last
night I found the forecast that we were
gonna get more snow guys look at how
much snow we've gotten it is taller than
Noah right there so that's like us from
shoveling it's probably about at least a
foot and a half two feet whoa oh not
like that look at this kid
this Keith this is mr. polar bear Noah
gray but I wanted to show you guys just
how much snow do you remember there was
that a gingerbread man that was in the
sand over here well he's gone he has
been buried
come over here he got stuck last time
come over here I hate to pull him out
last time cuz this is seriously this
gotta be like at least two feet okay
start digging we gotta find the
gingerbread man can you find him where
is he he's over here over here he's got
to be so cold huh
what where's that is that his head
uncover him uncover him help him
is that his eye let's try and find oh
here he is here he is ready help me pull
him out oh oh oh
we saved okay now we can go sledding
uh-oh oh so he's a being a kid I got you
I got you here spit it up get off
that is insane look at that look at that
there's no pants on when she walks you
gonna be a grown woman that's scary
that's not a birth that's not a bird I
think definitely when we all went we
stayed at your your house that you grew
up in I definitely enjoyed that sleeping
in your childhood bed Wow yeah I felt
the connection
I thought young salmon my my Sam Wow
Connect wow that's great I'm attractive
season four um I feel like no I'm gonna
really develop as a man a young man I'm
ready for that to happen a lot more
pickups coming soon you'll see the box
soon on a SAM channel and of course PJ
walking right there you
back at it again another crane game no
that's a penny
you can't put a penny in there can you
put this in there put this in no no
well I didn't expect you to go that side
ladies and gentlemen I give to you the
crane game prodigy I am training him I
have been keeping him up late at night
he's got a plane creating simulation
yeah hold it in one direction I'll get
it to a spot and then click the red
button when you want it Oh will he win
and it was that day that he was hooked
is that Danny was hurt he's my son can
we hold this okay do another one
now hold it in one place No oh crap Oh
feels real bad
I have shoveled the driveway I think
three times today so far and the snow is
insane look at this pile it's hard to
really show like how big something is
but you can see the building in the
background this is the Walmart parking
lot and all the snow that they have
piled up it really doesn't do it justice
but it is as tall as that building and I
know like perspective is everything but
really it is
someone fell asleep in the car luckily
this car handles the snow really well
because I've seen a lot of cars just
stuck in the parking lot with people
pulling them out already and I don't
know how much time we've gotten but I'd
have to say it's like at least two and a
half feet this you to see jumps what is
it though yeah yeah anyone dude that's
awesome
okay see how he jumps like this yeah no
way
good job buddy you are my son happy
anyone I want to hear this story
do film it yeah he just moved the handle
hit the button
I didn't he is gonna win in any one of
these things it's a little air cream
it's like a shovel one it's actually
pretty hard yeah Jimmy
you wait what no nap means means asleep
at the dinner table
