to start today's vlog really quickly I'm
glad you guys enjoyed yesterday's vlog I
really want to change things up I've
edited over a thousand vlogs and I want
to look forward to editing videos so
like I said we're going to try and have
a mix of just like more creative content
and real life and everyday won't have
interviews there's actually one and
today but I thought it'd be fun to
interview cast members throughout the
season also the earbuds I randomly
selected one person let's see who it was
it's someone that's been around for a
long time I remember I feel like this is
an OG Sarah coolest so I'm going to try
and send you a message and get your
information to send you these headphones
thanks everyone for commenting on that
vlog will have to continue to give more
things away but yes I'm very looking
forward to this year thank you guys for
watching here's today's luck good
morning happy I guess I kind of changed
same so you can change the new year to
today so like the holiday is today I
guess I don't know anyway it's Monday
and its new year I have already written
down my goals yet have you guys written
down your goals yet usually Sam and I
when we go out for our anniversary
dinner or whatever we like go over goals
for the year we have another this year I
don't know if I've ever there's to go
anyway we're watching the rose parade on
TV and there is so much snow you guys
Sam show the entire driveway but it
doesn't even look like it because it
just it's just more so look at this and
it's still coming down that's completely
filled again so much we might try to go
sledding today if it's not freezing cold
or maybe salmon Noah and the david will
go I don't know guys older David he's
haven't seen him in a few woman a few
weeks since she's a nun sissy hi
oh um it just looks so pretty outside to
take a winter wonderland ah ready yeah
enjoy the winter wonderland oh my word
Oh
Oh Dave I just are wet
hey no no no no you know that's no one
to see that hey shoot when I said her
down she started clapping she's so happy
to be out here she always gets so
jealous of Noah being outside oh you
want her to eat it huh I gotta hear
legit snowsuit oh that's not that's
waterproof that's fine they're fine hey
hey what are you doing each any snow oh
I you guys trying to eat this nut
Susie's yes it is good that is good no
angel Wow Jenna's done it again like it
hold on let me I need to capture that
aesthetics this is looking good
phenomenal you got the snakes on the
table oh you got baby weight this year
that's why I paying for the house babe
paint for house great no III put it on
me just wait for mine the mines actually
I'm doing one with them as well it's
pretty us on it yes i know i'm talking
about good check out gents instagram no
I like hey I was the director of that
shot boosting this video but I like I'll
film a day and i'll edit it put music by
and it make it look super good and then
i'll watch the video like 10 * Mick I
hate it i'm not posting it and so i just
save it to my like our guy like I have
like I don't even know how many videos
that I've added fully off of like two or
three days of footage I stopped talking
on posted really excited Cathy and most
people don't know this about our next
interviewee but he is one righteld
chatty
my name is David not captain nice to
meet you so um how did you feel about
being first cast in the same with blogs
it's garbage the wall I don't feel like
I am I feel like it's necessary because
I'm your brother no no no I've you were
cast as my brother I feel like I need to
raise I feel like I'm not getting enough
enough script time I need to be written
into the scripts more um I you know I
feel like all right well on sets on
assets we need to have we need to have a
table you know with with veggie platters
we got to stay healthy maybe maybe like
apples and caramel dip but make sure the
apples are pre-sliced and pre-peeled
that's what's all right next question
what was your favorite moment of this
vlog season three wait am I on camera
well your favorite moment I've gonna
plug the looping know generally how they
do they look symmetrical yes okay my
favorite moment of season three last
year um honestly probably had to be
doing the Olympics because it was just
like so ridiculous okay gaming out like
five at once Glaus Fullmer twice this
one's like people just taking a lot down
Dennis and then I was doing you got some
mad every time you walk that's why
another weather conditions leather
conditioner crap that's why but who
stole it was so funny in here is your
name on everything my boss built quite
elastic my box 12 m because for like the
opening ceremonies I was dressed his
scoop but for every single else like
every other video I wasn't and then
they're like I was all these random
comments oh my gosh dedicated people
watching that we're just like dude maybe
school this was a time when Scooby going
Scooby go it was like he's huge it's
like low-key kind of huge who is your
favorite cast member in Dennis a lot
myself absolutely an indefinitely ok
here's your second fear of cats number
probably had to be PJ honestly I don't
know why not scratch that i take PJ out
of it i'll probably it probably have to
be either either samer no because every
time without a doubt i would hold
Penelope she would scream and cry and it
like was something off with my aura like
a pj if you're watching this in the
future at some point i just wanted to
know what I did to offend you I just I
did I did why do you always cry what I
hold you now it's not so much now you're
really curious in my facial structure
and you kind of like each your claws
they get you he doesn't stop Tom what
are you most looking forward to in sim
clogs isn't for um re watching all the
episodes of myself in it o.o you would
go back to like like the beginning that
the first day I we did I love watch of
those episodes cuz I hi poopy everyone
meet our new roommate 800 miles later hi
how's the drive Oh long is your go away
yeah hey how you feeling good you just
can't just be like i'm about to utah
pretty much does it feel liberating a
little bit I'm very nervous very excited
very conflicted inside stay good little
brother guys he's getting a job and
going to school FN I'm gonna cheat know
how to skateboard especially I made
blonde hair oh my gosh I wish I could go
back in time and slap myself those plans
I did but I loved it like that was such
a great time yr eyes closed a open your
eyes look at us open your eyes that's a
boy Oh David don't they look cool that
wasn't a blond hair joke wait am I on
camera right now yeah wait why are you
crying what have you been saying Noah
has been so upset thing I don't want to
miss over and he's freaking out and
crying
I think he has a favorite holiday do you
love Christmas we just need the space
baby it's the new year I'm sorry no
Christmas over no Christmas seen ya
finish it on it in here thank you babe
did you drop some okay stay in the
kitchen
how the Lighting's way better this way
go go go go
