it's got to
hey I have to apologize we just did some
interviews wrapping up season 3 season 4
stuff you know and we missed you do
anything you want to say about season 4
you're excited what about season 3 do
you know what the how it was for
everyone it was you it was you being
born can you believe it I think this is
gonna be a great year hey you thinks I
do okay let me get you out of bed hey
love you how does it feel to be brought
back for season 4 X amico blood it feels
amazing I'm so grateful for the
opportunity and our that people and
doing it so much is this a hard roll for
you to fill mom up to four season four
um sometimes you know it has its
challenges you know when the kids don't
want to behave and the bribery is not
working for them to like ziplines that
we need them to say it can be quite
daunting and frustrating but I have them
enjoying it okay I'm gonna ask you some
questions okay
hi what's your name what's your last
name how old are you who's your favorite
actor to work with um I've have to say
Penelope she doesn't really have any
lines yet another thing it's kinda it's
refreshing what was your favorite moment
of season three um probably when they
said that we'd be having another baby
and that she would we'd give birth in
2016 girl girl girl wow wow it's gonna
be awesome I will color those lights
yeah sister yes ah Wow hey hey I have a
sister i hearing a little sister yeah
the couch yeah yeah it does sister so
for sins of San with the bugs what are
you most looking forward to the new
season we have a lot of goals but I
think we're gonna accomplish
I'm one of them being saving for a house
we uh Jen and I are having a meeting
soon this week and one of the things
that we're doing is every single brand
deal on Instagram that jen has is going
to the house just so you guys know
straight to the savings of the house
goes nowhere else straight to our house
savings bonds how about those little
extra motivation yeah um you may I ask
what about mine well we ought to pay for
bills right cheap what's your biggest
goal of a season four biggest goal of
season four I think one of them would
will be to get Noah potty trained and
maybe preschool fall what's your what
are you looking forward to in season
four samick of uggs something I've been
toying with and to see the next month on
foot filthy fucking happening soon hey
hey no I use a Chinese is no Susie what
was your favorite moment of season three
how'd you feel about becoming a big
brother
thumbs up look do you like being a big
brother what's your baby sister's name
what's her name how old is Penelope
trick l6 Winkle let's close eight months
old I know that either what was your
phantom oh man see this through enough
birth holding her in my arms and now
well I guess this is actually for but
the end of season three she is so cute
it's so fun Jesus personality and I just
thought mr. Noah who's your best friend
and that B is who's your least favorite
co-star um you know I don't have my
least favorite coaster ok what's your
favorite thing to do you ever changed
script at all oh all the time I mean
I get pretty angry I cuss a lot on
camera what the so I mean there's at
least 20 minutes of footage cut out
every single day let's go eat some
chicken stick with your favorite sport
hey folks thanks Baba let's give all
what's your favorite sports team Chicago
Cubs yeah what's their son can you sing
it though what's your favorite sign this
thing going up go go cats go you ever
get oh she is the worst I pretended to
love her but deep down inside ah the
worst didn't have any like special
snacks or food for you and gosh like in
between scenes I request many things I
request the chocolate entenmann's donuts
I request the juice bar I request
smoothies I request smoothie bowls and
see hair and makeup did pretty well
today I did it it's a must hair make it
as must excuse me I'm not done over here
oh hi yeah welcome back are you saying
you know what I think if we move this
year will definitely see more of our
friends and make more new friends and we
have a lot of friends family will be
happy to so do you like playing in the
snow are no healthy really ourselves
who's your least favorite cast member of
samokov lloyds know you like the summer
Noah is mine Penelope not sure what's
your what we look most important thing
before you know I feel like we are going
to be at the top of our game in all
seriousness I really want to have a lot
of fun and creative moments and mix them
in with our daily things so you know
just putting more effort into it I feel
like this is gonna be our best year yet
camera with this dead okay sanika season
four he hit right moments like this in a
script no you can't
no angel
