hahaha Oh
good morning it's the last second or
last day of 2016 house tomorrow not
today tomorrow morning okay one question
that someone had asked is how are you
gonna get all that stuff home you gonna
mail it are you gonna ship it you're
gonna give it away
how are we getting your stuff home we're
gonna mail stuff home we actually are
gonna put it in a empty suitcase that we
had we only packed three bags and we're
allowed to pack six for free so we did
that intentionally we kind of packed
light on the way here and now we are
filling one of the bags up completely
with things that Santa brought and with
gifts that were under the tree as your
stuff in there yeah what's in there
you got your pirate ship blue dog pillow
and then I actually brought a bunch of
stuff that I sold on eBay and this
suitcase so that one is actually empty
and we're filling it up with books and
things and I don't even know if I'll
often mail anything I think we'll be
fine with just this so it's gonna be
free well we paid for our tickets but we
won't have to mail anything which is
awesome is it pretty heavy we can put
something heavier stuff in that's who
gets to one of the greatest things and
my
right and breaking into a indicated
letter and we did it fam got everything
packed up four bags for people Christmas
tomorrow's our anniversary is six years
Oh fight in eight hours we'll see you
guys though oh happy Anniversary babe
six years
nope and it hours
we made it all right whose luggage is
whose
do you know Noah spotted every single
one on the luggage carousel
that's Noah's who's this one Noah
cissie's this is that one
is that mine this is gonna carry the bag
onto the bus he pushed it all the way
over here from the luggage all the way
over there we made it we're in the car
and we're snowed in the car there's so
much ice so much snow built up
everywhere cold and snowy no yeah this
very snow efficient or whatever okay so
yes the fight went great only tears for
a minute from the baby before she'd calm
down I'm asleep
no fell asleep approve the entire flight
which was amazing
yeah I'll find it for you now eat some
food
and also Sam's drinks exploded in the
cold that's fun even better to beat
Omaha just nerd that's way down fun trip
yeah fun trip
Happy New Year he fell asleep right as
we got back I weighed him down as bad as
soon as soon as his head hit the pillow
he's like comes running downstairs and
he's just playing away but we got an
anniversary gift from Jamba Juice I love
your friend send us things it's not
really an anniversary gift but they
asked for a dress like a month ago so
last time - for a dress
they sent just like a $5 gift card
messages dumped a bag see the job bar
Sam hey I am Sam oh hi
we read it first sorry dear Sam I John
the team wants to wish you a fit and fun
holiday season
we also want to be the first to know
about our new collaboration with Beverly
bastard man with his help Harley with
this help we have crafted three
smoothies blended for a better you you
can try our superb wines and stores
starting January 18th
until then we hope you blend the most
into your holiday I can read guys I
promise it's just like open the bag
obeyed oh yes very nervous she'll say
it's for both of us can zip then there
ends a bit there is a anniversary okay
and it's a baguette to open it okay what
is that it is stainless steel water
bottle whoa Merry Christmas to me looks
more like it should be for me it's cool
looks like marble what are those
headphones cool I like this water bottle
it's cold this is Harley the guy movies
cool body reset diet were they trying to
tell me oh my gosh Wow a Nike swoosh
mother's pants in there too I thought
they did like full workout attire I was
like oh my gosh we this Warner Bros
awesome I think I want to keep it this
is not a pain no nothing Sam they just
hit me yeah yeah I mean we do find a lot
of job to do it's not gonna lie hit the
gym well it's really good on you babe
hey I never really saw a good red looks
on you
what about me Jamba where's mine where's
mine
matching hoodie wow thanks Jamba it's
kind of insane though this looks like a
marble thing let's see I just got new
headphones so I want to give these away
to someone guys they sent me this
package I want to hook someone else else
up these look kind of nice they almost
look like they're wood I think they're
like I don't want to open them because I
want to give them away but they look
like give would comment come at me
2017 and I will randomly pick someone in
the comments and send it to you all
right welcome home
say Happy New Year nobody say Happy New
Year Happy New Year Noah is currently in
search of his Christmas presents from
his og yeah and this girl's learning our
stairs right now hey are you close with
our stairs are you claiming to
experience yay sissy has earned her
present she's been great Noah has not
earned his present yet he keeps one he
didn't want to share string table sorry
I'm protective over it cuz it feels new
again to him what do you think she got
you
Santa got you a partnership what do you
think oh she got you really sorry mom I
didn't wrap it or anything
look what she got you your own little
ball pit I didn't be a good boy today
I'm gonna share with your sister you can
share your train table with your sister
okay keep them closed
who is this present from who's it from
who's it from oh yeah because your eyes
open case
choo-choo remember your green choo-choo
I might have given that to you early
from the set that all these creatures
are from oh gee what's you say ecology
hold on she got you one more thing we
can take that downstairs and open it
open what is it it's a train outfit your
conductor okay this is what you to train
can um drivers wear isn't that so cool
what do you say uh huh
see thanks oh gee I like you miss you I
love you ain't that deep he's just
shutting the garage he was very excited
to get more presents than we got today
so I'm glad that we saved those things
oh my goodness you look so cute mom
you're gonna die see how you have to run
who's next conductor he's the guy that
drives the trains you know it's so cute
you see that's our bombs - there's balls
everywhere so cute are you excited
where's your hat let's see if it fits
that big noggin oh my goodness Wow
things oh gee should we go to that -
mommy - mommy - go go inside
Noah's very upset that this is not his
but we're okay go first right let's miss
you go person then you can have a turn
after her mommy
her hair is so staticky in there with
those fleece jammies yay pink doji oh
then another bikini throw ball hey why
don't know let's get a picture
oh gee Hey Oh her hair is so crazy
inside of that thing new year that you
kind of know what's going on yeah when
you pick up some Indian food that with
my anniversary dinner of choice yeah
it's kind of like a real-life
anniversary yeah yeah you know we're
real people nothing too spectacular no
getaway planned yes but no now that that
hasn't happened I'm gonna plant another
one
I had a lot of I had like a bachelor
date planned yeah it was it was pretty
epic but her kids were sick and they
take precedence
anyway we usually don't even celebrate
on our anniversary anyway because it's
news even every place is usually packed
for dinners don't get married on New
Year's Eve cuz you can't celebrate on
the day but this is honestly this is
perfect because this is we in six years
created this we created this baby this
is our family yeah
I woke up at six five o'clock this time
yeah I'm exhausted bed it like to not
intentionally cut that off okay
bye miracle mini prayers later she was
good yes I gave her a little time off
just in case she had pressure thanks
babe but luckily she was okay
thank you okay I'm gonna read the dinner
it's ready
and we're gonna be festive see I'm not
gonna share any of those necklaces
either
haha no I do what it means what the new
year means means we're starting all over
and you're maybe three this year it's
New Years Eve until we at the stroke of
midnight we go
Happy New Year from 2016 to 2017 no come
in 2017 yeah come in a year
not tonight no no no one no it's just
the start of a new year
yeah show mommy your glasses whoa
epic New Year's Eve party for the
longest time how they can use the zeros
is stuff I know and make me even do with
the six last year but now that you know
yeah I like these wonderful I like these
glasses
the cutest crowd ever we'd have a little
mini dance party and just put it in the
vlog with our urns
oh you shouldn't you should go like this
with the glasses on and everything good
yeah Wow
this is how we first met oh wow thanks
Monty Ward I real
here's our waking up at 5 a.m.
coming home celebrate New Year's Eve
makeshift decorations for 20 seconds
away from the New Year let's go you
ready to count down come on come here no
I ready come down mom ready ok let's
count down it's almost 2018-19 it's
almost 2017 right Noah yeah ten seconds
to midnight 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2
it's a resolution for this year it is
currently
11:36 about 24 minutes until 2017 and
I'm the only one awake I guess I'll have
to enjoy all this decor and items to
myself our day started at 4 o'clock
mountain time this time this was like
the best day to fly back price-wise and
Jen wanted to get back and here we are
everyone's asleep everyone's asleep I'm
not gonna like Joe not because we've got
like no sleep when we were home in
Chicago and it's not because we were out
partying and having a good time it's
just the kids in that sleep when they
were sick but help he was waking up so
much and then she'd be up like two hours
and just wouldn't sleep and no had a
hard time sleeping
and they wouldn't even take good naps
during the day so we're just exhausted
and we put the kids down at 7:30 and
they went to sleep right away they've
been sleeping since that's good and Jen
fell asleep I think right after putting
Penelope asleep so I'm gonna let her
rest
this marks three years of vlogging it's
all my jersey 913
cotton candy machine right now in season
4 of sama Kellogg's yes I'm calling it
season 4
it's like each season is different
season 3 was great there was a lot of
great moments and there were a lot of
really hard moments and so I'm probably
not even shared in the vlog but I'm
ready for season 4 I'm ready for our
next year I think 2017 would be the best
year yet
Happy New Year guys
it is literally the last seconds of 2013
and in 2014 we decided we're gonna vlog
every day
