so cute okay this you think
and now we are on our way to the bulls
game and a big big anniversary getaway
plans we did make the Conway LCD between
me and Jenna we haven't had a kid to the
mouth like that Wow a long time we've
never slept away still never took away
the kids the kids but in Austin would
have I really would have if they weren't
sick but PJ literally has been waking up
screaming in pain every night last night
she was up like the ice like late at
night latch I she was yeah she goes to
bed fine and then she'll wake up at like
midnight between ten and midnight or one
or whatever screaming it takes an hour
to get her back down sort of
irresponsible guess or being responsible
adults taking care of our kids because
then she woke up again at six o'clock
screaming which then she went back to
bed finder we'll find her okay we'll get
a night away
what's papers are feeling better and
maybe one she's not nursing maybe it
will be before then though I know
we're really bummed like the bulls game
oh hey new bulls games phantom tickets
for both tickets get some really excited
to take it to say that we went to yeah
yeah the really good seats so good to
see
wait play and Jimmy Butler never will be
really fun so
I didn't even get to put any makeup on
and I've got it I'm excited listen hey
like every year city I feel like we
always make it to a bowl game we do six
it's fun it's really fun feel like we
can't not it feels weird if we don't
come to a Bulls game but really blessed
feel too comfortable teams all the time
it's really fun right there sears tower
so pretty all Christmasy
I just love the atmosphere it definitely
like the best one yeah I always get
butterflies
feeling like Medusa father
oh we should get Noah a little Benny
thank you
so cute look at this you think we need a
visa yes you really should though baby
look at this cute sweatshirt don't you
don't you say a hundred dollars 30 40 30
that's me
walking in seeing the coffee
heart is last year we came i think
really where people are likely to be shy
the bull market in school baby Betty
there's a baby baby no that's a full
boob no way
many and Benny jr. determination
so cute
will
get out
Thurman
baby bunny
hahaha
Oh
we're not gonna get the bomb sure
Oh
Oh
and brother face
I'm out last shot
so since my parents have been so
generous and housing us and just
providing all the food and fun we
thought we would treat the whole family
to Nando's tonight we especially because
they watch the kids while we just want
the basketball game if you guys just saw
so get some takeout we're taking it home
at heaven and Nando's nights cheeky
Nando's party look who's here
I
wait where were you at oh yeah Oh from
using points LMAO justice
I can do plan on a look superwomen
we've got to check out by the for loop
cap around all
a little mini cake you should do a quick
makeup haul when he um just about you
got well just sit the little things you
got we got this book while we were at
the bookstore it is let's see Noah
couldn't wait he took it out of the
packaging and we're here at nandos
getting food for the whole family we
just made the Frog i trace know his
hands shall we know what we traced his
hand and I drew the rest of it we made a
frog so that's pretty cool that was the
first thing you wanted to make we're
gonna go through tonight and make up on
Chili's he really likes like tracing his
hand and true dude dinosaur next or the
sea monster okay we can do that one
what's it called can you say Nando's
yeah let's go for it the takeout they do
the takeout in an interesting way not
like a huge fan of how they do it like
it could be a lot easier if you could
actually see through the packages but uh
we can get tonight what do you eat
veggies yeah you love vegetables huh
water please she got a little horse or
is it because he's a big boy yeah hey
pjs before and Penelope
no more I suppose speak no more all the
tricks yay now you're not gonna know did
you eat a spicy chocolate what did you
eat should you seriously ate that what
no he hit that where'd you eat there's
help poppy Nero or jalapeno which one
show ya habanero porcini when you have
an arrow is gonna be like super spicy no
way Jose it won't be that peppers if
they're really cute stop eating that oh
coolio all the inside
let's taste like hey heat and citrusy
flavor huh good No okay here's what I
got with must forgive yeah I got
 I got I spent so much money I got
this whole kit as a perk is that from
like overtime yeah yeah I had over I had
a lot of points I got this whole kit
which I'm really excited about oh excuse
me so with that point and then I cannot
decide which lipstick color i wanted i
wanted more natural and I no idea we
wanted to try bite well then I saw this
really pretty color from NARS and
another god so then I was checking out I
just saw a little little holiday kicks I
just got those because it's way cheaper
and some of the closure i wanted to try
we're in it and I was like oh I can mix
some of them too so we got this little
bite kit click the lipstick what's up
cut okay there we go this kit and then
the pencil kit sounds like I don't have
any red lipstick really they're all your
son Joy's then I got this little tester
glam glow lip treatment cuz my lips are
so chapped and under they're chapped
right now and so that I really wanted to
try and I really love my my lip
treatment from dr mario which is timed
up my last year that's my favorite so I
got um really wanted Becca highlighter I
still had never gotten one of these so I
got opal so that should be really fun
and pretty I'm excited that's ok let's
open it actually oh it's okay you can't
really tell how pretty it is but it's a
really bride a
I really wanted some good skincare so
hey stop eating the reindeer ciao so
then I decided on this but philosophy no
sorry flat philosophy a miracle
overnight is aging face treatment that's
what I really want an FYI which I would
you know like there's need to get that's
why I really loved when I had this I had
this tester with blood I really liked it
so I'm kind of glad I have this all set
that now and this new one and then I got
just this to meet my little to just use
a bullock cart so I got that and wanted
to try parole or lash and then yeah
that's it I almost saw a large lipstick
I didn't I just don't know what shades
look good on me and I don't want to try
them cuz you gonna try the lobster
that's kinda gross to me I just again so
hopefully this little will go to find a
nice color and these little kids and
it's really a bank rebuff you get for
425 so I thought those are pretty good
deal to z1 for that same price or more
excited about all my piggies I'm just
really not that many goodies but it kind
of is really mean for civil war it's
kind of I feel like I got my money's
worth I got I really hopefully those
over the nice face cream if any of you
have used it let me know so far I'm
really really loving this it's really
wet and moisturizing I a lot put some on
it's like super what
it feels really good
