say what's up people I'm in my dad's
room from his childhood sit 80 you're
like a shadow right now I can't really
see much are you feeling good Julian are
you sick anymore okay that's good Oh dad
don't whitewash yeah the data writing a
worse than if he doesn't see that dead
than a ninja turtle right bow do you
like dad's room hey bug there's a boat
oh yeah there's a picture of me on a
boat over there my good internet friends
I hope you guys had a great Christmas I
like really was feeling terrible all I
wanted to do on Christmas really was
sleep and rest because I just like could
barely even I just like it a scene
Bolton but I'm glad I powered through it
would miss it for the world and we
really did have a great time but
everyone here the house got super sick
with bad cold and I think the kids had
him when we got here and it just spread
that's our fault here is today's vlog
Jenna went to the movies with Noah they
saw sing and then we did this escape
room which we weren't able to film a lot
i think we probably weren't was fun at
all and we don't want to give anything
away and then we took Penelope to the
doctor because she's been having a rough
time at night tomorrow's block will be
us going to the bulls game which we got
a lot of fun footage I know basketball
games probably interesting to everyone
but we got some great footage of the
mascots gen going crazy and that's
having a good time you want to go the
basketball game next time I'll take you
to the best ballgame on campus ok yeah
we'll go to one there are a couple
videos that I really want to work on new
years resolutions goals check in with
you guys three years of vlogging our
6-year anniversary that is all happening
in the next week and I can't believe
2016 is over but in a way I'm kind of
glad because it was one of the hardest
game most rewarding years of my life I
think 2017 will be the best year of our
life yet ok here's today's vlog sorry
it's kind of scattered I hope you guys
enjoy it
come on in here Henry's like this he's a
yogurt gonna end up on your face like
this wow you say jobs for today all I
want is for every day that was a close
one Christensen skin is really
stretching in this woman can still do
the splits oh yeah yeah isn't that crazy
yeah I bet she couldn't no stretchy
jeans too oh gosh don't pull muscle
don't pull muscle muscle muscle idea oh
if you're wondering we're negative
energy this is rough of it Oh
never happened for my family ep good
after Christmas way around get massages
is so weird here we go here we go what
do you see the peg movie what's a call
they seen he chained scene 6 good
morning I'm starting the business the
blog out at the movie theater sing sing
we're at our second movie theater first
one was sold out but we got tickets in
advance for this one on our way over so
we're excited to see it's keep jogging
no a second movie in the theater screen
which is love are you excited to your
second movie
I'm a tour bus that's a little worried
area
for the movie you get to wear cool
glasses for the movie it's special so
fun yep mom is to wear glasses too and
RV excited to do that thing that 11 here
will be when I talk to that Swami the
Napier destroy every day we're all here
to see sing Graham li zhiting yeah it's
totally easy dunno let me see your
glasses put them on some this way ready
Wow cool dude ok look at your side do
you like the movie yeah your speaker did
you like good to go now like that yeah
you given any thoughts on the movie
olive what do you think I like it yeah i
loved it i think me and Lisa had the
best time and everything her voice is
just gone she was like she can laughing
in knives if you if I had an internet
search account start coughing yeah I was
just like oh it was so great no I took a
lil nap on my
which was awesome ice attack there we go
you didn't like wearing a glasses so it
was kind of blurry the whole time for
him so I think he's just like yeah
mostly do you like the singing yeah
that's definitely good bye bye like you
buy that movie it was so good yeah yeah
it was fun it was fun one all the songs
are great all the songs are that was
really fun yeah anyway now we're hanging
home then we're going to go to escape
thing escape through hey we're here at
exit strategy like I should have flicked
up online having strategies yeah oh I
don't even know to expect you late for
that here we go that's good cuz he
locked in a room for an hour no party we
are here with a mudar has a coon think
you're getting on the file I million I'm
like a piece of lover or on him or his
body can you do it here or the shoes
look at the bottom of the shoes oh my
shoes look at the bottom of the shoes oh
wait there's the upper yough number six
oh yeah I was three yeah what do they
know you yeah he doesn't match either
let me see museum for what every day ok
for clue all right let's redo the
chicken daddy I can't see us play chess
we do the chicken dance 72 hours later
oh we got out she did it it took us
there 12 minutes is there 42 minutes
please I'm ashamed I thought we could
have done better I don't want to give
you guys if you're in the area any clues
on how to get out there but awesome it
was physical yes Riley had a good point
everyone contributed and I had a moment
it was so fun yeah we're so scared
another one can we just I guess it's
gotta be the back first didn't make it
through mm-hmm they're in the harder
room we were in the easier room oh hey
it's a hug and not a tackle me Anna miss
Pippa yeah do you love Pippa you're
gonna give her your blue dog now take
care of him with all of your heart can
you say thank you to pit before playing
with you she's leaving tomorrow saying
our goodbyes I mean uh papa no it was
fun no I wants that I had yogurt with a
ice-cream scooper see ya blue era what
was I going about to call you evil o mo
said Loomis thanks Gordon kids producing
wanna say bye all right bye guys are you
here you good we're up again so for
waking up almost every night not ever
have almost every night screaming so
we're gonna take her in tomorrow to see
if she had an ear infection I'm gonna
look inside it yeah because this is just
not like her she's never screamed so
much or so loud when she's been sleeping
naps or at night ever her life so
something's not right okay we're gonna
go check it out hopefully didn't get her
some medicine hopefully it's not a bad
area on and off very own off the kids in
general I've had a really hurt hoping
this time while we've been away just
being hiked with holidays people here
and being in one room together it's
getting more difficult to travel so
if I need to keep that in mind going
forward I can go places but uh I think
the cold lingering has been kinda rough
oh yeah well she hasn't been coughing
that also really now she's in pretty
good today and then just that night
isn't run apps sometimes he won't
without that yesterday she would not go
down for her nap was day before it's
like weird some over naps are just she
just screams so like the day we call to
get her checked out Cabela also looked
in her years and they seem to find so
there's literally though the next day
that they had left that the day after
something and she that's when she
started screaming screaming it was super
loud so just popped up now I don't know
cuz this one o'clock awake business is
rough oh and when I had talked to the
doctor on Christmas where was it cuz she
had said but if she does the fever ever
then take her to urgent care so we're
gonna go to walgreens she was a few were
tonight but I guess you can stop an ear
infection without have already achieving
we will try a few things and report back
hopefully she's feeling well my love we
had such a good me and her had such a
good time bonding today when you use her
at the time boss wide open we gettin
sissy's ears checked out sissy are you
doing girl hey this guy's excited though
are you so excited he thinks the rim
sweet he's like we're in the Nemo room
yeah
Dori oh yeah it's funny they're like
it's not like the animated one it's
actually the real clown fish and other
fish hey bridge Switzerland or tummy
coming hey Grinch yea big trench on the
door Oh how's Cinci doing sissy a sissy
Penelope so we'll see if our ears okay
better be safe than sorry no what can
you show me your shirt did you get new
shirt oh no like not your belly on is
your shirt oh it says good morning sweet
world Sam Akana we also have kids shirts
we ordered one for Noah do you like it
yeah it's comfy it's like American girl
yeah dr. Stephanie no did you see the
clouds up in the sky yes the room the
clouds and the lights that's really
sweet okay so little PJ update went to
the doctor and no infection which is
great but she does have fluid behind
both ears and that's what's causing
could be the cause of her waking up
screaming at night you say that during
the day you get
get more adrenaline in a way and
steroids or some kind of know he was
saying anyway basically the pain is not
as bad during the day because she's
being so active so when she like plays
down tonight and she's like relaxed
that's when she realizes the pain or
something she can feel it more so we got
some stuff for her please she's good for
the fam tonight
but yes we're glad that there's no
infection that we're just really hoping
that she starts feeling a lot better
before we head home because if not we're
going to be the family with the
screaming baby for three hours we don't
want that dude and but most of you won't
put you to feel well I would hate that
if she's like in so much pain in the
airplane there's nothing we can do so
we're gonna get her some ibuprofen
before
here's my night hopefully that helps
with the inflammation in her ears so
that's about no infection and now we are
on our way to the bulls game and a big
big anniversary getaway plans we did a
LCD between me and Jenna we haven't had
a good to the mouth like a long time
okay now i can see you what do you want
to say say see you guys tomorrow in
tomorrow Vlad yeah you getting the moms
make up yesterday yeah are you gonna do
that again that's right hello ever
family oh my goodness
