oh my - my Boxing Day party there are
some rules if you follow me so we can
share the rules of everyone oh my
thank surprise the Boxing Day party
doesn't she look fabulous
oh yeah
in order to participate in the Boxing
Day party you must wear a costume
Oh costumes are ready and prepared for
you this is that favorite costume
Georgian girls costumes hanging in the
door jamb of my bedroom I'm so excited
I'm mad in Grammy Papa's room is a box
of props
there's wigs there's jewelry their shoes
Noah if you might know I costume you can
beat you and listen ass proceeds okay
wait wait don't run nowhere baby there
sleep right babies are asleep yeah
Oh where star be this would look
fabulous on you oh yes oh what's that
mean oh my gosh
I don't think any of these things will
tell me but I'm gonna try woman let me
see let me see
I love it I love it Noah Diaries
ensemble her new fur coat with beautiful
pink dress and this beautiful black hat
all of yes yes that beautiful seafoam
green with matches are dressed perfectly
this dress is from petty and they need
to show me it was her oh that we found a
dress that fit Innoko Thanks okay oh
don't go in front one we're doing very
pink ensemble with matching pink pink
shoes and run like this pink slip on as
well pink lip ah yes I do have an
elastic show it off tada what's
agreeance oh wait what's in your hands
oh you play with that okay you have so
handsome message your lips I like that
one
yes best decision you made yes yes
you've got add the hat what is that a
handkerchief for your outfit no not that
cover that up with my thumb yeah coming
up with the vest the best make it look
great
no it's tea time your first tea party no
we'll come sit down here by me
Wow Grammy I'm gonna sit next to if
that's cool Wow no don't touch him yet
don't touch me granny's gonna get you a
plate
maybe she does that no away from the
food
this is amazing where's Riley's outfit
every Boxing Day has candy cane tea
blossom towards them chocolate milk yeah
just a little chocolate milk Oh we'll
try it could put a kiss right here on
your cheek Lucy show me to the camera
I'm just what's your name
hello what's your name darling okay and
then of course there's tea sandwiches
pedda fours and every box in DT had a
nice shortbread and that's on the bottom
layer and this is the gluten-free right
no there's good did you want something
would you like help candy cane tea
invention trail wait there's sandwiches
too to run around Tecmo what each
person's dress is from yes this is from
1950 Grammys a nice dress 2015 mmm it
was a part of the 1980-something wedding
runs ready-to-wear in Brigham City Utah
cool miss Jenica is wearing a dress that
was worn at an aluminum convention by
the Jean you to bring that home with you
yeah and Berna it's very a hat that went
with a matching a line streamed green
leather coat
the nineteen sixties maker Amazon what
about what about Noah what about Noah
Noah is on the cutting edge of fashion
just out this year from amazon.com and
my hat also came from the forest birds
ready with Twitter stork at the very top
and this was worn at Lindsey welcome to
the Tea Party boxing parties we're
playing the minister's counts parlor
games no are we playing parlor games
ta-da'-da climbing cat is a crazy The
ministers cat is a minister's cat is a
daring ministers ministers the
minister's a dreadful cat nice friendly
game of charades
she's just been sitting with game ready
todd todd todd throw it throw it
oh yeah oh yeah
traitor and number two everything that I
told you it's really a day the only
thing they might to each phrase well it
was perfect best boxing day ever Boxing
Day party was amazing you're fabulous
and guess what she made it all up and it
was wonderful make them the Box big
carpet eye makeup the activities
yeah Graham so that y'all would do them
thanks Grammy a great boxing day great
husband
I know family likes to the dress
with my team would you spend $200 on
these jeans well I didn't mean either
did you buy them from home or I didn't
would you buy them from Anthropologie on
sale for 50 bucks and this just in by
herself with your supervision what is
going on no clapping at like ten months
you think she's okay
here she goes oh oh good job Dora make
me nervous
Oh sissy sissy come on they're pants
come on sissy say come on sissy come on
sissy you always got it you almost got
it
you almost got it hi give her him give
her him to get up give her room give her
room oh she did it she climbed the
stairs
oh now she's giving it
well if she goes again go sissy go go
Susie go go Susie go go Susie go go go
go
hope you guys enjoyed today's boxing day
I think we might have to make that
future tradition every single even I
mean not like we're gonna like make
Grammy make boxing day well it was today
because it was phenomenal Grammys the
best but I think it's like something we
should I like boxing that's fun Pete
very fun it was a good way to distract
from Christmas being over and yeah like
what are we doing wrong um well she said
it was a secret activity but it's not
we're doing like escape the room as a
group um yep
can you get us going we're gonna go the
movies yeah and they're going to escape
the room yeah and it's gonna be a good
day right teenager the glass posse
and we're going on a date which was
supposed to be overnight but Jen happy
day after Christmas
