though some great dancers Jason
that's it when I do that it's like
Christmas Eve Christmas Eve is better
than Christmas a Christmas Eve program
we've got appetizers and a huge thing of
me what's that thing called 10 beef
tenderloin that is a mile long and we've
got a sad baby hi okay I'll get you out
Sam went out to do a bit more
last-minute Christmas shopping today is
Christmas Eve we're getting our
last-minute things done
nor are we at Hobby Lobby he was yeah he
loves Hobby Lobby and I said if we see a
nice cheap economical - - we'll get it
today yes we need he's not feeling too
well we got to do something to keep him
occupied throughout the day be sure to
see Noah and Jason is doing - I think I
need one more
I don't know for me all I need you baby
so episodes at 5:00 in about hour and a
half and festivities begin everyone's
been coloring and playing games
listening to Christmas music wrapping
presents
say hi your cousins anyway this is
Penelope's we're matching to me say I'm
a Penelope are all in the room I'm so
happy you're here
Christmasy will find me so of course on
Christmas Eve Thanksgiving people are
feeling sick today
people have colds but here we have
dining using we almost youngest's with
oldest because Eleanor's 10 days younger
thank you in a moment we've decided that
maroon is the new red VJ VJ after
Christmas
hey Santa Merry Christmas all right wait
oh can you string the moment look at
this you know right Christmas quarters
massage this is a first I don't feel
like you've usually had yeah it was very
festive trying to take it all in yes do
we have one yeah wait did you get me one
Oh Heather those like a hints like we
all have it No
very nice mom very nice very nice no is
practicing for the program tonight
musical night what do we have for
appetizer so appetizers sir it looks
like spinach said it looks like dit it
looks like carrots ma'am
avocado ma'am jalapeno jelly in the
cheese and crackers we need unity that's
perfect
she likes her massage coarsely you know
coarsely she just wants you to love you
she's so tired she's fighting it
she's tired
I want her to go to food what do you
think you're getting for Christmas I
think I'm getting I'm not gonna guess
look at weight inspected her a soda
though yeah somebody's where'd you get
that treasure okay all Santa right let's
see--let's calm incoming call from Santa
she pick up hello hi Santa what do you
think see ya say hi what's he saying do
you like hamburgers Santa said no like
hamburgers okay go to sleep my time say
bye Santa
bye Santa
okay love you
you wanna call them again
can you believe that here's the table
Chris must see him that we look so
beautiful
beautiful no you're sit right back
Christie I think right there what right
bye Christy okay daddy will sit there
then it's not Christmas Eve is my
favorite day of the year I like you more
than my birthday
do you eat a CD for more than Christmas
thing did you
the anticipation the dinner you know
you're not you're not gonna fit in them
no way you've gotta sit next ant coat
Christie okay I got it
no let me move the table a little bit
hold the other side ready ready 1 2
we got hands ready Coco here ready I'll
help you ready Oh would you get what you
get a little toy
really fit me
these poppers always have the best dad
jokes
what kind of motorbike does Santa ride
Holly Davidson what did we eat for
dinner most amazing beef tenderloin bay
potatoes an amazing salad
broccoli Brussels sprouts the best role
in the world and that's it
it's delicious so good after after after
not a lot left the meat though was
insane it was like butter every year we
have a performance of all day Cheers
has it been going on our whole life our
whole life here there's this year's
Christmas
Courtney made the spacer based off of
the swing choir
what do we count lesson what is it this
year what is it oh man that's her a lot
of things in there I need to see one
more time soon okay do you want to hear
what all the numbers are just so we've
got anything from 82 624 oh and the
answer is - ey was it and I guess 223 no
we go into the movies
myself and say Chico posting the lunging
along the way oh what fun it is to ride
in a one-horse open sleigh dashing
through the snow in a one-horse open
sleigh or the peels it go laughing all
the way bells on bobtail ring making
spirits bright oh what fun it is to sing
a sleighing song tonight Oh jingle bells
jingle bells jingle all the way oh what
fun it is to ride in a one-horse open
sleigh jingle bells jingle all the way
oh honey it is to ride in a one-horse
open sleigh
very distance
Iza
here's Noah's stocking we got to put it
out he insisted on wearing the Santa
outfit all day all day everyone he was
hot
do you know why we put our stockings out
why do we put him there
why'd you put it there who's gonna come
tonight is he gonna put stuff in your
stocking have you been a good boy this
year and what are we gonna do now so we
got to put out cookies and vegetables
for the reindeer
which one do you think he's gonna eat
definitely I definitely heard those yes
what did you put out why did we put out
the carrots who are those for the
reindeer okay let's get the milk big
stay in the muck I think he wants
chocolate milk yep regular has to be
regular oh she says ask me regular yeah
likes regular milk kids kids like
chocolate okay good work guys all right
we're ready for Santa we had to explain
to Noah the whole process is like he
thought we stayed up and waited for
Santa to come and that we would actually
see him come down the chimney but now he
knows the Ritz crackers wait mm-hmm with
chocolate peanuts chocolate mint
chocolate is it good
it is garden I don't want to try my man
the sooner we go to sleep the sooner
Santa is gonna be here okay you ready
yep this is just on so I'm keeping it on
because I don't know it's just
oh you can put it in your your plates
well yes I've got my
it's uh almost midnight
Santa's should be here soon and this
girl is just screaming
why aren't you tired what happened you
didn't even take your late nap sissy
come here come here what happened what's
goin I would say like the past two weeks
have been two of the hardest parenting
weeks of our lives
the kids have both have terrible holds
and now we have them I feel like
everyone here has them it's been really
tiring trying to take care of them while
feeling sick ourselves and now it's
midnight and we need to get to sleep
because santhu needs to come and this
girl it's just screaming he doesn't want
to sleep what's going on we've done
everything we shushing at the point or
like what do we do
and Tamia is like we'll get her in the
dark room she's screaming and this
happened a couple nights ago so we just
hit the reset button came out came
downstairs kind of hung out for a minute
or two hey are you trying to stay up for
Santa why do you see yourself what are
you doing you're so tired who is that
who is that right there Hey that you in
bed
holy crap what happened are you weak
Santa eat the cookies dawn wait to the
reindeer eat the carrots good night
