exciting day in the Anderson household
no got his first row of stickers right
what'd you get today yeah you keep
saying I'm gonna get all these rows so I
probably made too many he's catching on
really quick he's doing such a good job
staying in bed that I think going to do
one more week I already have the writer
oh no I think he's okay he knows now
guys like I'm gonna get these pockets on
toys
I'm just curious that like when it ends
like the sticker chart ends
it feels still I'm hoping he does or
else I might have to take the paw patrol
toys away
that might be what happens if he does
the reverse because I'm worried that
like when he realizes he's done getting
prizes just go back well not earn
anything so why don't they stay in my
bed that way I'm hoping it he doesn't
but I'm gonna be prepared for that well
do another week hopefully he's done
really good last night he did not even
get out of his bed until the morning
coming same with the night before which
is good because that's what we've been
working on too
we did a big cleanup today we talked a
lot about cleaning up our toys I love
that my kids playing and that there's
stuff everywhere it shows that you know
your homes lived in you know that kids
play but my kids don't clean up the toys
after they're done and a lot of times
they just dump everything out PJ's
looking at me because she's the one who
talks everything out and so there's no I
you know has to realize okay if I'm
gonna dump this out guys clean it up so
he had to clean up two big piles of toys
all by himself and he did it Sam when he
was just no at the store I got some more
bins with like actually
so we've got a bin for just a little
Lego guys cuz let's just end up
everywhere I think with the little guys
you know if I find any toys singled
attraction there's been a few that have
gone in the trash if it's specially if
they're like broken there I told no cuz
he has a thing about pulling hands and
arms and heads off of things instead of
I find arms and hands and heads and
things without those thrown in the trash
I said oh also I'm pretty sure almost
neither 18 weeks this week
no I'm 19 weeks this week my 19 week six
big crazy I'm pretty sure I am low 19
week update for you guys almost halfway
we're almost halfway um I feel the baby
every time I'm laying down but I feel
him like down here which is funny
excited I have a baby belly but he's not
up here like right now like I don't feel
them up here I feel him so no like
especially when I'm laying down I don't
know if he's just like squish down there
but I like feel him kicking like in my
like my hips like my lower hips which is
kind of interesting and weird I feel
like I don't know all my kids were that
low but he feels extra low there's I'm
like this third time around I've not
been keeping track on like how big the
baby is or any of that stuff but let's
look real quick I'm pretty sure last
week use a size of an artichoke
so this week 19 weeks Vegas baby
I think it's the size of a mango oh wow
almost six inches long oh I don't know
if you guys can see that there you go a
mango that's pretty big yeah so that's
exciting I'm feeling pretty good
I've gotten a little bit more energy
back but I'm still like it hasn't been
too bad I've been getting a few
headaches in the evening again which is
kind of
and what else yeah I felt like extra
hormonal like just really up and down me
like the kids aren't listening like come
on like well lose my mind half the time
that's okay
you through it that's that's my favorite
quiet be nice to each other be nice to
each other it's all the hormones all
these hormones so many hormones cravings
I just want to eat like sugar still like
sugary juice like sugary soda which is
not good for me but I also just want any
other fruit so we have a guest movie
every morning I'm using my new blender
oh my gosh I haven't shown you guys Sam
got me the ninja for Christmas because
it was like super great deal during a
Black Friday I believe I don't know our
Cyber Monday or something I am obsessed
with it although I think so sharp like a
little blade bit that goes inside it's
like a monster I've already cut myself
washing it but yeah I mean the kids have
a smoothie office every morning cuz I
really love fruits dough but I have
loved fruit for all the pregnancy's
especially citrus is like my number one
craving I eat a grapefruit like every
single day or oranges every single day
so yeah which is right and also during
this pregnancy I craved apples for like
a month
I just wanted the apples I think that's
about it I think that's my little update
I can show you guys my belly but I like
the baby's not even really like like
really not really in there I still don't
feel shy
yeah like I feel like oh yeah I've got a
belly but I keep thinking it should be
bigger since the doctor the tech scan or
scan ultrasound tech was saying baby was
big but where's PJ where is she where oh
there she is cover no up sis but mall on
Noah
there's my contribution hi there's one
thing that I left out when we did the
gender pregnancy tests reveals that's
the basketball shot we already know
we're having but I think I should shoot
anyways yeah I should PJs playing
basketball - lets see oh good rebel
little waddle run it's all funny dead
that's mean the ball he's a ball bounce
it okay
so got it
you still got it I told you as a boy
okay third to me it wouldn't be
pregnancy without a nice basketball shot
Oh
Granny Smith whoa Oh still got it okay
I'm back in the saddle I tried something
new for dinner tonight
monke and Elliot and Ari are on their
way over I've actually made creamy it
looks weird but it's creamy sun-dried
tomato chicken right I'm just a skillet
chicken with creamy sun-dried tomato
sauce looks pretty similar here's the
picture here's my chicken
I'm have some Parmesan cheese to add on
top after I decided to put it over rice
and yeah it actually tastes really good
the kids are actually eating it which is
a success even PJ took a bite of chicken
she's eating rice good job deuce did you
take a big bite are you liking it yeah
it looks good me I can't wait to try it
you getting your rice all gone
one girl more chicken
yeah my Swami marshal
