so last night was pretty wild I think I
got three or four hours of sleep no I
didn't want to go to bed as I said in
the previous vlog and this show right
here you've had a nasty cough and you've
been kind of sick huh give a little cold
how are you feeling today honey are you
clapping now are you clapping radedi
yeah shout out to Intermountain Connect
care app for sponsoring today's video I
can genuinely tell you that I am in love
with this app for many reasons number
one being as a parent you want to take
care of your kids gonna make sure
they're feeling good feeling healthy
feeling strong huh wanna make sure
you're doing well Kenobi's not feeling
too well today huh and I was gonna tell
you guys about this app without having
any sick kids just to tell you guys
about it but now that we actually have a
sick baby today we're gonna have a
little visit and we won't even have to
go anywhere it's not pretty cool yeah
yeah are you feeling okay today did you
get chocolate all over your shirt though
that's a sign of a good time here's the
scenario that we're in right now and
this could be different for multiple
people we're out of town we're from Utah
back home in Illinois right now we want
Penelope to be healthy for Christmas we
don't want to take her to the doctor
because that will take a while there's
other sick kids there that could even
make her more sick that's something I
always worry about whenever I go the
doctor office I'm like okay we're taking
her sick kid to a place where there's
more sick people where she's more
susceptible so we're actually gonna use
the connect Care app and talk to a
professional who will give us their
opinion and help us we're just gonna ask
for some suggestions on what we can do
or what to look for as far as her
sicknesses no there's no outside this
app is incredible you type in your
information you're gonna get the same
quality care that you would if you went
in personally because these are people
from the hospitals that we use and
they're helping us out just via webcam
or on the app so you can use it on your
phone
tablet device and we're gonna give it a
go it sound good yeah the the other
thing that's great about this is it
costs a lot cheaper than anything else
or going in to like an emergency room
we've been in multiple scenarios we were
like what do we do we call my dad he's a
dentist sometimes he's able to help us
but then he's like you need to like take
her to the doctor or something and it's
like 2:00 a.m. and we don't want to
that's the other thing that's great
about this 24/7 service I'm absolutely
in love with the idea of using this app
whenever we need it so let's call okay
so the Kennedys left Wow yeah they went
home Halloween's over Thanksgivings over
what's next Christmas is next uh I'm
gonna call Matt Grandstaff I just
connected him to see Matt Grandstaff and
they're showing me a video well they
just make sure all my records and things
are set up and look at my information
so that was pretty cool yeah that's
really cool I I feel like this is the
future this is like the way to do it
it's so helpful especially when you
can't get out of your house or is an
emergency or something yeah just sitting
here on the couch even just put Penelope
down for a nap and we talked about what
to look for as five symptoms and
interesting events and things so we
might have not necessarily had to call
in this case but it's something that
down the road if we were you know we
just wanted to demonstrate how it's done
it just seems futuristic to me and it's
I can't wait can't wait to use it
whenever we need it so now would have
been helpful that one night when I can
think of like three nights freaking out
we were like does anything or not
emergency room or not yeah we've been
filling up with a call so if you guys
want to check out the Kinect care app
I'm gonna put a link in the description
that you can click on you can download
it it's good not just for parents it's
good for you too to take care of
yourself so go check it out highly
recommend it and loved our experience
yeah it was super easy you know nobody
baby
let's not do that where are we going
yeah where we going down actually gonna
be Christmas market
the Naperville Christmas market not
really sure but we're all gonna go for
the candies head out of town back home
not too too cold bar down there we've
got the his bundled up but they've got
the wrong zone sissy we're in an
elevator
what do you think I'm gonna do a little
beaches oh that's what a good squeeze
here I want us knows you just like that
one you ready excited let's go
I feel like I'm in a more Europe right
now I feel like these little Christmas
markets are really popular after pop
they're here doing even know
having a good time you see the giant
Christmas tree behind you we located
this huge German market which makes a
lot of sense because I couldn't read any
of the packaging in that game I feel
like it's a Clermont Midwest oh yeah
yeah only it's freezing and Noah's
acting crazy so much that he's getting
an entire chocolate Santa right now last
night we got a head back get some naps
this kid she's being a sweetie though
reven fun though lots of cool little
things to break and destroy these
ornaments are amazing
I love the way down I love Italy they're
all hanging there just like hanging
around oh babe black box one Santa
Kennedy's are leaving today more family
will be here on Christmas Eve said that
we can't all be together this time but
my prayers are answered you're staying
you're staying you're saying no one came
back for families presents Grammys a
party all right
coolers shopping card I've ever seen I'm
on my cell phone right now no I show me
what's inside look at the shopping cart
okay you put your food up there there's
some room in the back right there you
come over here you come to the front
there's another TV on it
what how much is it that Christmas card
this is a cool shopping card of interest
into my life
I'm gonna get in there - well you both
could get in there no it goes in first
were you finally successful at getting
your brother's Apple Apple has caused
much tension between the two siblings we
know where are you great-grammy you're
just way better at that huge game scared
oh we're good what kind of when we start
wow it's the size of my hand okay good
scare scream so right this
I think you need a bigger Apple I think
you need a bigger Apple I do I think you
need a bigger one
yeah yeah you agree
oh yeah you keep it out oh my goodness I
think that means he's hatched
