adding this to the beginning of the vlog
how do we get tickets well first of all
when my friends I was there
last night had a front row seat I think
you got it for $10 because every day
they do a lottery for Hamilton on the
website I know they do it in New York
and Chicago and you can just enter it's
free and if they draw your name then you
get to go and it's like ten bucks my
sister also has one that twice or
multiple times so they've been and their
kids have been and then my friend won
the same night at we did and his parents
were there too because we got tickets to
Hamilton during the summer the day they
went on sale I was in the phone of my
sister we were able to get eight so we
saved four for us and we drew Courtney
and Riley's name for Christmas and so
that was our gift to them was going to
Hamilton together so it was like a
present for us too and then I Sol I
traded two away for Bulls tickets we got
really really good Bulls tickets we're
going next week and then I sold to
online which basically paid for the
other four so insane insane insane
insane there's the blog though
good morning good morning we're working
on a puzzle because we are puzzle
there's six hours today the monumental
day dude do you know why we are going to
Hamilton not this guy he's staying at
home with you Nev some ice cream tonight
yeah I promised you you could have ice
cream huh cuz we don't have any last
night yeah I'll be fun I've been working
on getting everything up today's because
we're gonna be leaving a little earlier
someone got dressed yet my hair is a
little wild but Jen brought me back some
Portillo's she got me my favorite
sandwich with hot peppers and cheese
fries you got burger and would you tell
me what happened
why did you choke on one yeah you did
you got to chew your food remember you
get really excited you just like to eat
it posted the second part of our Samsung
Best Buy campaign on Instagram and
Twitter and Facebook I hope you guys saw
it
like I said we're trying to create
really fun content for integrated and
sponsors and things like that it was one
of our most important but yes coolest
deals we've ever done so I was really
excited about it no you were the coolest
little mannequin remember doing the
mannequin challenge you don't remember
that
you love doing America challenge hey
your house that's amazing so I'm gonna
eat this finish editing the vlog really
quick get it up I'm gonna get ready to
go to Hamilton don't mean to sing you
Hamilton songs when I get home how lucky
we are to be alive right now
well Grammy and poppy are gonna get you
ice cream only a few hours left for all
the kids north granny and Pappaw one of
my eyebrows is darker than the other
eyebrow that's anyway we're just hanging
out baby's back asleep though they both
are sick with colds so that's not good
and Chrissy's family same sister who is
coming Christmas Eve
I'll have the stomach flu so they press
Grammy has the best toys where we go
the babies hit the road for a nice
little date this lot good luck family we
love you
may the baby's Soldier Field the whole
city does colors all you can't really be
like a motel
all the lights those are red and green
red and green I'm sorry just a little
sour cream on top and then some cheese
and guacamole and lettuce
your mom and a bag of chips
thank you
everything
great that's a great pizza we're parked
and we're here in the city and Rohini
disorders
week I didn't know that I'm here
oh that I didn't get space jams took one
for the team but they are in the window
up here take over the team never like
babe okay
I've cut back on my sneakers a lot I've
only bought like one pair of Jordans for
the best year
Wow look at this one the display it's
very space JAMA fide yep there it is I
see it a scale of 1 to 10 I hinge it
what is 10 my legs I heard someone say
and I'm not gonna show who it was that
they're merge sad about this moment
Christmas oh yeah scale from one to ten
Pamela on a scale from one to Hamilton
because Hamilton on the Thames just blew
your secret we have to take in front of
the side see you from the fine yes here
we go is there I see it Jordy but
everything turned deep up next to him up
to it
I can't believe we're going to see this
show right now I never thought I'd see
the show do you ever think you'd be the
show
yeah there's the big things in the way
everyone's taking pictures by the sign
pictures by this time everyone's so
happy literally I could write is there
beer this is our view of the stage yeah
our friend fizz he's sitting like down
there sigh hey there okay we're in our
seats
I'm behind the camera so we don't get
caught I don't think we're letting film
in here she doesn't know really people
like just like saying their business
leave and you're like yeah yeah baby her
baby really doesn't sleep like on to
this meeting is number one in the
morning and she'll be doing cartwheels
off of the banister not even joking like
that's the real life super soon asleep
every 45 minutes half hour last night
the whole night a week doesn't it awake
everywhere happens but
they know highschool performers to go
vertigo
this is a good house at intermission and
we're just like dying because it's
amazing
it's incredible pretty good corn is
already cried twice I already like
either watch it again
Burnham big steamin
okay I agree that this might sound
overdramatic but I'm being completely on
it okay what we just saw is the best
piece of art I've ever seen in my entire
life
I agree music movie art dance whatever
amazing the best thing the whole time
while we're there was like oh my gosh I
wish Andrew was here
I know I can see the whole time he was
the first person who told me about the
show last Christmas maybe I don't know
anyway
it was incredible Wow I need to just
like do what makes you happy
wow that was incredible if you have a
chance to see it go see it right
it's so amazing we've been home for over
an hour and we're still just taking in
the night we don't want it to end it's
like when the Cubs won the World Series
you just don't want to go to sleep I'm
gonna remember that day forever though
how are they okay compare apples and
oranges we had a great time tonight
best curse music would you say that that
was life-changing
life-changing Riley was a life-changing
Jen Hoyt
Wow Wow I feel like I want to be a
better person
how will they remember how will they
remember you
what's the line that's exactly what I
wanted to write on Instagram but I
forgot okay love you guys
great night Grammys let's see tomorrow
we have Grammys Christmas party oh my
god it's gonna be a blast joysticks are
still still available to use all right
can I guess love yeah but like not ever
i I've been thinking about Hamilton all
night it is insane I've been talking to
my sister you've seen it and we just
have been talking about it because we
loved it so much I wish we could like
record it but obviously that would be
completely illegal to summarize it
though my feelings on the show not a
word song step dance move color costume
everything nothing was wasted everything
was important everything had meaning it
was like a John Steinbeck book as my
sister says and I loved it so easy at
chocolate coins I gotta give this vlog
on the Internet Grammys Christmas party
tomorrow it's been a success today so
far see you
