guys something very very exciting
happened Sam was nominated for an award
maybe you don't know maybe we'll do a
people are my mom's a professional
singer front row front row status here's
a happy Christmas missing two people one
two three yes I'm Noah skip it oh yeah
Merry Christmas no wasn't saying had the
Christmas so I'm stuck on that now no
but the baby happy Creek me you're gonna
hurt yourself aren't you oh yeah okay so
don't try to keep that button aren't you
yeah i think so i know you stole oh wow
closer violet is coloring the most
beautiful pictures hmm I want to join
you looks like fun let's go sit by me
good afternoon it is the afternoon and
we have been having a great monday with
the whole family Noah is in heaven pure
bliss all of his cousins it's been very
fun and great for us tonight is grammys
performance with her with her singing
group so really excited for that it's
really fun I've been dying to see her
perform for six years literally I
haven't seen her yet so we're really
excited that makes you planned
performance while we're here and look at
this more presents are getting added to
the dream gosh I wrapped those today
some back there I wrapped really fun
festive welcome to the blah
bye
hey who's that for wow it's apt
Christmas present nice let's go deliver
it new trick from this little babe she
can get up the step just can't get down
the step yeah I turn around who's
climbed up it haha I'm gonna get you
yeah yeah where are you going I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you sister what
are you guys making lado you're gonna
cook it just a crumbly mess wow it's
beautiful oh cute is he doing awesome
will star wars thing perfect perfect
though what are you making him again on
Elsa address you might need some better
more more pliable is that the word labor
play-doh guys something very very
exciting happened Sam was nominated for
an award so the word a nomination is on
snap fluence and it's really cool it
emailed Samuel like hey you've been
selected you can flex it as a person
that were but people are voting for
what's called a nominee or something
like that we were like what that is so
awesome so it's for like the categories
family and it's like with his it's like
about his photography and stuff like
that and all of his like pictures on
social media and whatnot that's so cool
i'm so excited for him will this never
happened to us before soar like put that
so I'm gonna make Sam Sam post a link to
where people can vote at snap fluence
it's literally let's see let me show you
show picture so this is what the website
looks like snap fluence and then just
scroll down you scroll down until you
see Sam
and so far you guys he's in the lead if
these are like the votes the yellow line
can't tell if that's the boat or not but
he has the biggest yellow line so I'm
thinking that means he's and he's like
oh my time have I been doing this right
I hope of them I've been boating
multiple times a day I don't know if
it's been right you just clip the little
check mark box and then push submit
thank you taking a quick pit stop at the
comic store today what are you getting
Zootopia guy what are you getting def
hey mawana they have look at all the
princesses there they've young mawana
they have Tiana Rapunzel Bell the
minions but this is what I picked out we
were looking for this at target the
other night got to get this guy's my
favorite guy in rogue one I'm gonna add
them to my desk when I get home maybe
stick this in my stocking you be knowing
I'm saying you don't want a huge yeah we
got Dave you don't want to eat them
he'll be still doctor oh these are
awesome kung fu panda huge one they got
the power rangers secret life of pets no
who is that guy darth vader who's this
guy up here Oh Hulk who's that up there
Batman what's this guy
a beast the thing yeah all right up with
the bath and go there's some people have
ever had okay good morning but I'm just
so excited so proud of him he works so
hard me so talented and he really works
hard to cultivate and expand his talent
and he tries to to learn all the time
he's always teaching himself new things
to try to improve and get better it's
just so exciting i'm so proud of you
babe i love you guys go on boat go and
vote for Sam see it so cute God Barbara
exciting i hope you win I'll you babe
okay Noah just wrap this present for
sissy from him don't tell anyone what it
is okay it's a surprise it's for sissy
hey buddy are you gonna put it who's
that for again nice alright we are
curling the car maybe you don't know
maybe we'll do people don't know my
mom's a professional singer yeah she
really is a professional she gets peed
the scene it's true that is a true
statement this cars like driving a boat
by the way I feel am in water we're
backing in the Tramp gold trailblazer
and live in German since our trail
blazer and it feels so different than
other car anyway back to the point Sam's
mom is in a singing group she's one of
the founding members members of the
senior
over 20 years of name over 20 years
founding member left right which is
amazing and I of the six years of
marriage to this guy has never seen her
performance we've never been here in
time to see her friends and family show
so they do a holiday tour yeah holiday
go to different places and sing for
people from the spring t don't they and
then they do like a spring t-shirt which
is holiday is obviously all the music i
know all the songs i'm the greatest fan
yeah then they also the other spring
tour is more of like songs that the
people that are singing to be familiar
with right so I'm so excited no was
pumped because he we've been told him he
loves singing dance so her probably
dance along with me love you grammy's
ultra yes he did love her we've seen
shown in videos of gary performing we
got her some flowers that are back here
and to be a fun night we're excited no
is currently in his cousin's car that's
what he's not with us they have to film
an extra cursing about the family you
love the family yes he is a family
person he loved his family haha did you
go with your cousins was so fun guys so
nice these are the hbu these are the
beautiful flowers that Sam picked out
she's gonna love him but he said I have
to try to hide him I don't know if I can
hide them from her right now oh goodness
here we go front row rut roh status haha
wow where we like right here it's like a
concert we're up front great hope the
crown sir right i actually got it wrong
we're with the friends memories biggest
fan here on the left
Riley Riley in from the biggest fan yeah
long again oh it went to more tracks
than anyone else in this room in about
you oh definitely I'll is a you have the
hallways every practice when I'm Brendan
yeah how many years I think since I was
born so yeah over 25 years 16 years when
he told me I figure out how long friends
in harmony has been going 26 years 26
years oh lets you child warrenton her
eyes all the practices hi hey stay at
your cousin oh hi hey go get mica go
granny go hi you excited family and
friends
my baby
it happens gonna see faux fur vest and
today we're in a hurry
it's hungry haha
me
hang yourself e then say your prayers
his aunt abbas comes tonight
No
hey
so explain
hey
it's your God
Oh
we got a fox
my pain
Oh
great job Graeme good give it to her
she guys did great so fun get yo
flowered your professional every
professional need flowers I meant the
world we're riding with a celebrity a
paid professional she had the best stage
procedure it you really do have the best
you you and Rayna are great everyone's
everyone's phenomenal but you have the
best face the whole time you're very
industry okay eat song from the start
the first number of full of energy yeah
really whoa oh so good the world to me
have so many of you here so it's a funny
though how long okay so it was founded
in nineteen ninety-four by someone in
here and Stratton who no longer lives
here but you were there too yes I was in
the original group it was six people
yeah and then we realized there's
someone
miss which happens sometimes it was too
hard for one person to carry the parts
right he added three more so now or nine
and I'm the only one that's been in it
since very beginning how many years with
that 23 how many people have been in it
over oh gosh I killed it was 66 loud
yeah
I just I never want to quit because our
pocket that's so fun it gets more fun
sexier when they're on tour dates yes so
DVD or CD we are back from the concert
it's ten-thirty now we've been home for
a while and Penelope for the past hour
or two has been refusing to go to sleep
including screaming for a very long time
maybe we could do something else like
her entire 18 month away 18 months eight
months another news in other news / wise
chocolate marshmallow is back baby Oh us
through the years there's me there's me
there's me there's me
who
now you
I would say a hug or two and some grain
and in that maze
fuck you
