today is Sunday
we usually have three hours of church
but we only had one hour because it was
freezing cold wind chill of negative
five which the Bears then played
football in my mom gave a beautiful talk
at church today it was really nice it
was about will you tell us what it was
about charity I really enjoyed it
learned a lot actually home I started
crying at the end I was thinking how can
you be talking about cuz that one was
cried it's really good it was really
good
it really was I really enjoyed it
Noah is a veterinarian right now he's
taking care of the horse oh here is our
daughter we should we decided to shave
her head I know how you feel we saved
her
what do you think we cut all the hair
off dad what are you working on this
Sunday history genealogy Wow asking a
lot of questions about everyone would
you like to do anyone's family history
in the vlogs comments oh sure just let
me know and I'll help you it's a great
thing know what you been up to today
what's that reviewing horse does the
horse have a lease
yeah where's the owies right there oh it
looks like the back of it to the front
foot
oh it's gone that can bandage but he
eaten oranges and we are waiting for
more family to come today I don't know
what time they come in what time are
they coming here 8:00 7:30 or 8:00 but
we've been just kind of taking it easy
other than shaving Penelope's head that
was fun huh you look so different now
huh you say about Christmas PJ and I
also found out yesterday
oh you want a biochip well you better
keep behaving boy I found out yesterday
that all of these presents under the
tree that we saw when we walked in are
all from my mom these are all just my
mom and dads that they got four people
in our family supposedly she's like I'm
giving two presents every single person
I was like what the heck is so much huh
she's a kicker
okay this baby is eight months old and
she's still each day we get to see a
little bit of a holiday decorations this
is in the hallway um there's a Santa
so Christmas makes a tree the Christmas
Almanac some Madame Alexandra dolls
Alexander dolls isn't what they're
called Madame Alexander nice looks like
gravity's wrapped in some presents how
those ears did you read this yeah what
do you think of the bed Court everyone
always asks about because they saw the
unveiling of the bed I like the
Christmas decorations is it comfy
super comfy okay I think we could all
sleep on it I think we should all sleep
on it okay this is what I wanted to show
you guys check this out
these aren't just packages that my
sister who lives in New York had sent
here for Christmas the question is how
is she gonna get him all home unless
she's giving him to me but look at this
look at this is insane
what the heck I need your help I want to
I want you for scale to show how many
packages there are okay oh yeah let's go
let's go
it's in Papa's bathroom oh goodness
show me how many packages are there -
Noah is thirty four point two pounds 30
it says 34 point - did your big kid
we're wrapping presents hey guys I'm
such a bozo
I was like oh that's really cute cupcake
wrapping cuz we're wrapping Sam's mom's
present I was like that's really cute
but like Christmas cupcake Sam sees me
wrapping he's like or actually finished
wrapping the present actually and you
like that kind of like birthday happy
birthday paper and I was like what
really and then I looked down and read
on the cupcake wrappers and it says
happy birthday mom's birthday Christmas
present and birthday wrapping paper so I
try to conceal with really cute festive
bows but it doesn't really help
it just looks odd try redo it back then
Penny's bit penny well that's the first
time I've ever called her penny like
that weird that was weird Penelope is
helping keep this company and now we're
gonna try if I know because he's up to
something if he's quiet for too long
it's never a good time this is what I
should have wrapped it in I didn't even
notice this one that's so cute dang it
this is a wrapping station and in his
parents room Noah loves taking the
presents downstairs just don't drop it I
decided to have one presents an exam to
be from the kids it's a fun present and
you help me wrap it today trying to keep
him occupied there's a lot more hours in
the day where I don't that whoa careful
and then it kind of backfired under the
tree that he can't touch because right
when we walk in the door coming here
hee hee open depending on the crimes
right one walks through the door last
night so morning kind of hard to see
this is my stuff I need to go through
and this bag is full
really and this year I tried to be so
organized I had a list on my phone
each kid's gonna seem I'm out you know
kind of um whatever and had a list for
Sam yeah but checkbooks when I got
something I tried to light everything
before December or at the beginning of
December and I'm just feeling good guys
I'm feeling good I'm trying to get
organized them better because I have
slacked the last few Christmases kind of
I got better last year but the year is
our beginning of our marriage years
before we had kids I never had seems
president on time half the time what
came late after Christmas and I just
felt terrible or didn't know what to get
him and then I'm coming late because
then I finally was like okay I'll see
him this or half the time he knows what
he's getting so I'm feeling good this
here feeling great also this is how we
decided to put Noah's bed so that way he
would sleep on it and because it's only
fit in this bed with us it is currently
negative four degrees feels like
negative 15 a minute ago it's a negative
18 well we're gonna get a low of
negative 13 and we're gonna go see how
cold it really is I think it's boiling
enough just starting to but once that's
ready
Macey you see that Noah that's how cold
it is I poured out smoke so funny
wow I don't know when I've ever found
you can Santa's got a new slave well you
do the belt a little differently though
she's likewise creamy holy another baby
thanks COO you holding Penelope's your
ghost of old me I don't know what she's
just staring
oh yeah you look at Ellen are still
looking she was like Grammy Grammy wears
naked sim make it to him naked to him
where are you
where as naked Sam oh he's I went the
wrong way we're gonna do couples
father-son AcroYoga in Christmas onesie
Astro
she might loosen the tie though my name
is time number for the yoga I hear that
I hear them coming my god
c√≠mon gamer girl Sam loves that his
niece
Sam was so hoping for a niece or nephew
that loved gaming as much as he did and
he got one gamer girl Enya for Christmas
you got minecraft stuff books and such
like a reads minecraft oh it's so cute
she loves gaming
Sam loves actually loves gaming let the
festivities begin oh gosh
