part of the sheet of ice
go give hugs
there's cocoa cocoa
good morning yeah that's a bracelet
whose was that
I've been folding laundry I'm starting
to pack we actually leave tonight to
Salt Lake and we fly out tomorrow
Chicago but we've got a lot to do in the
meantime
we're also babysitting my friend's
little girl for a few hours this
afternoon so we're gonna try to do lots
of multitasking
that's why I've been trying to get all
my stuff done this morning and today
it's kind of exciting
hey did you have fun last night with
Chris Dunn Bryson yeah who else came
over did anyone come over to play last
night by a humble boy who came over to
play though no tail
Taione became have fun with them no you
didn't you weren't sleeping yeah eat
sleep with you we came home and I was
like I kept taking David because he's on
the floor now so my text was computer I
was like how's it going how's it going
did you get it reca sleep I guess she
got back to sleep but then this little
he heard a little feet upstairs and what
the heck so he goes he goes up the
stairs we can't really see just using
black Bulava told us there's a guy
freaked him out and he saw that the
window and like what you doing he said
he's waiting for dead death Oh II think
I know a guy you're tired I turn the
camera off and he said no to nobody to
mention back on God took deep to work
yeah is that all you wanted to say
yeah why the house when Hey right now
you're fine a Papa's house yeah
I think we're gonna fly out tomorrow on
an airplane are gonna be so good on the
airplane yeah
hey is Holly come over to play today
yeah okay we've got a little Hal here
she know her dancing she know we're born
the same exact day a year apart and they
both have knots of energy must be a June
27th thing girl love having her here we
go save her nearly enough it's so fun to
have her at her house it's been a crazy
busy day
this guy just passed out on my lap
sitting on my lap as I was uh playing
the vlog and all of a sudden I hear some
snoring believing Utah temporarily
I was very excited or I'll tired it's
super early time to fly
hopefully she sleeps on the plane so
tired
hopefully he sleeps today
I see put in the sheet of ice
go get bags
there's cocoa there's guys see the sign
gotta see this time we made it we made
it we made it welcome Penelope no Jenica
and Sam of Christmas trees ice cream
Christmas trees look at there's Penelope
stocking look at that there's I think
the stocking is just get better and
better whereas Noah's again oh yeah
right here yeah oh yeah yes hockey and
basketball I gotta show you guys my
sucking my mom always makes a stocking
for everyone we made it we've been here
in Illinois land for the Land of Lincoln
for how long now
five hours what time do you think it is
I'm going to show you guys what it looks
like outside what time do you just try
and guess what time it is outside right
now
well it's actually not as it doesn't
look as dark on camera its 453 and I'm
currently in can you guys see that right
there
Sam space my mom made a special little
place for me to work while I'm here that
is my desk and this is actually where my
desk was growing up this is where my
desk was yes I would sit here and have a
lot of fun oh let's go over each one
real quick because you guys have a brief
glimpse of that so there these are my
nieces and nephews starting with the
youngest by just 10 days Eleanor Panola
good but there's even blonde hair and
then a little reindeer outfit so cute no
uh basketball hockey Edie I'm Batman
spider-man HIPPA Silas Daphne violet
olive and Darby where's my big fella
yeah so she picks what she wants to put
on each one of them and is it cross
stitching or need a point
Cresta geing I think over the next
couple days up until Christmas
I will show you various president have
just the best Christmas decorations ever
oh yeah look at the bull rackets that
wreath is pretty cool already working on
our first puzzle nativity okay that was
already done here's a Christmas gift
from two years ago Christmas gift from
last year we got my mom and dad the
speakers and the entertainment center
thing how has it been being at Grammy
and Papas you havin fun you're gonna
have to show us everything this kid has
been having a blast you want what pants
oh is it your stocking wait which one's
ears can you touch it
how'd you know because it is basketball
okay know which one you think is
Penelope's can you point to it which one
this one that's actually aids this is
Penelope's no what can you say we eating
good tonight yeah
you knock the water over spill it hit
the water on the phone by accident yeah
push it over gay oh oh yeah hard part
okay ready push it hard like you're
throwing a baseball just dump it onto
the
