I'm one with the first course of me
youtube fam my biggest most important
social media project ever to me thus far
in my life was just post it on Instagram
and Twitter you guys could help support
me in that I would love it so much I'm
going to put a link to the twitter link
and also the Instagram video I created
two videos posted one today I thought
was pretty fun you know with
integrations I try and make it fun and
enjoyable and us you know so go check it
out if you have twitter I would love you
guys to retweet it or like it or
whatever and same with Instagram it
would mean a lot to me because I put a
lot into it I want the brain to be happy
to I want them to like it I hope you
guys enjoyed it too it's quick but
there's another one coming i think i'm
gonna post on tuesday no we come and do
like this just showed up on our doorstep
friend well I talked to him about like
buy it how did you get what damages I
don't know I'll only one asking for our
friends in cash my my our friends mera
zona sul like a huge crate going into
walmart or whatever right there a woman
or in Arizona and rail to grab two of
them and sounds like dude Oh buy one
from you I'll buy one from you but never
said yes or no and then this just show
up on our doorstep oh okay this hatch
mole makes me think of um Furbys a but
my weblog did any of you kids you know
panino no more like my age people adults
have a web low they're like the newer
Furby but it like birds and egg like I
had an egg in his belly she was
delivering them cuz it's a giant egg and
it's like he watches stuff on the you do
it all the time
wayne have you seen this before what I
think well just on youtube kids
everyone's always opening eggs he's
watching someone opened Easter eggs
right now they're always like finding
giant eggs and YouTube videos what do
you think should we should we make a
video of us hatching the hatchet buzzing
me yes how to had your hat channel yes
how that let's do it wait what can we do
it right now know what you have to be
very careful that there's a bird inside
where are you going okay pause real
quick like Jen said our friends Elliott
and Monica had gotten hachem bowls and I
was kind of like looking for one because
I thought it'd be a fun activity to do
for Christmas to hatch one to make a
video about it we were talking on skype
for like the longest time and I thought
they had like sold amor gotten rid of
them or giving him away or something I'd
initially said I k i'll pay for it i'll
pay for it and I was like very adamant
so you have 24 hours to decide so
there's like the most insane surprised
to get I was like wait what how did they
get her address how did it get here they
lied to me so I texted them and they
were like no it's a gift you don't have
to pay us where it we're giving it to
you because we knew how excited you were
to try and get one and open one on
camera so you guys are awesome Monica
Elliot thank you guys Merry Christmas I
will have to get you back in some way I
also need to clean up this house today
because tonight we are going to the
rogue one movie premiere down in Salt
Lake I'm really excited um and so we
need to clean up because we have
Krista's actually coming over gay sit um
Bryson's wife who is tates brother we
can't open it yet sir is naked he thinks
if they're just gonna open it it's not
easter egg man you want to open the box
of me have a box we need open he loves
packages present any surprises this one
anyway so we're gonna be doing lots of
cleaning today stands will get lots of
work done today
and really ugly outside we are
carpooling down with Ellie and Jared
since we're going to the same place and
we're gonna go to dinner with some peeps
before it'll be really fun hachem all
hachem all patent pageant pack tomorrow
animal yeah Pecha mom I'm so confused
they told me they give this yeah yeah
call him oh she's like I'm over it oh
you tape wow this is the person we've
ever tried to pose with your sister oh
great Rosie right you go where'd you go
man after doing hi Rosie welcome to
YouTube hi hahahaha you are so cute
rossington l appear meeting for the
first time and no it is right in the
middle he's a great boy he's ready for
pictures while he's ready wow you've
never been like this before all right so
um we are actually going to a movie
premiere of downwards tonight it's like
a problem so like I think west valley
city with to the best most fun
babysitter's ever probably here like the
hearing on Bryce she's scared welcome to
my house we're live
when one died a few times I made you
dinner namely censored out okay don't
injure hello friends bryson Krista hi
she's over there today we're having
babysitter adventures seeing what
happens on this beautiful evening Oh PJ
PJ he's got something to say over there
okay oh just kidding all right we're
gonna see what happens on these
adventures tonight maybe a party maybe
some dancing just dance 2217 yeah we'll
see what happens but right now we're
enjoying some burgers oh yeah you do
peace sign boy this yeah he's signed for
burgers can you take a bite show me how
you take a bite oh wow all right
I think that was playing got a lot of
people here handing over here painting
over here thank you here's the
destruction I think this is the first
time I've ever left buca di beppo and
like all the food's going look at that
insane stage one of our night is over
buca di beppo I think a I think that was
the best decision we made them go get a
bet though one hundred percent I am so
glad the cheesecake factory jail hooker
yes family dining we had a good time it
was very loud I was like yelling
screaming the first time I've seen all
the food gone and now we're heading to
the party which will then be followed by
a movie good good oh yeah we have treats
in the car exactly so no we've got some
guests coming over do you know who they
are yeah who's coming over me huh who's
there just go lie down I don't think
it's mommy I think it's high tail you
say hi hi we're about to get crazy in
here obviously we got the pajamas on
over there oh yeah oh there's there's a
star get it Noah wow what is Noah party
yeah let's see here
we've made it CVX live private events
what do I always say wherever they're
serving there's always a party and it's
not failing this time either Wow Jedi
Stewart here we are Star Wars premiere
thing oh hello
well this doesn't really work I'm trying
to figure out if Chewbacca is on stilts
or a real person all right chair for a
chair two platforms I'm going to
platforms that is insane we made it
there we are slide up see the movie old
gent stuff wow oh wow oh my goodness it
makes noise too
very cool
we have a special shout out do you want
to say hi to your sister Jack Ruby Jo's
right now we're about to see Star Wars
it smelled like a bunch of men of an ice
skating right out these are laser
tagging how r ice skating what's up if
you could describe the smell of this
room how is Luigi this happiness Junior
junior high like
that was your idea
wow what a party got the music blaring
still bad for the neighbors pjs chillin
potty and I chillin sorry Jenica Sam
your house is a mess we'll clean it up
dawg no she's not gonna do anything by
the end of the night yeah it's all gonna
be great good night per Panda say it
what to do not pet panda what do you
think marina love this movie or be
disappointed or I think I love it I'm
not associating it with the other one
just its own movie to me I think I might
like that i'm predicting that i'm gonna
like it more not done yet I'll
foods be the big
it's a party ay ay ay ay ay ay got my
drink how many states even burn this
theater Oh a lot and guess he's sitting
in front of this and it was a signed CD
we didn't pick this we don't like this
you did not this is the family section
he knew we were related it's the family
section oh my gosh were the best day
ever cousins friends friends friends for
oh my goodness those are some big
glasses like this now shake it does i
have it like a little pea head this is
the San mykah Warby Parker oh my gosh
outer space I think it's lit up in here
I know right
sorry the rest is your first sorry
Hannibal sorry I got carried away thanks
for coming to our party we'll see you
guys later oh the kids are asleep
backups here no we're out it's been fun
love you so good to see you may the
force be with you I'm one with the first
person
I love you guys you want to be you to
leave well we've been by a bunker and
just like me I two young girls so
anybody
all right it is 10 9 a.m. the movies
over I loved it dude I thought if you
like anything sweet dude when obi-wan
Kenobi with it there's like told oh my
gosh my spear aims Boba Fett oh my gosh
in this movie he somehow can't you how
to yield a lightsaber dude Anakin coming
out of the lava actually Anakin was when
my favorite Birds yeah you really think
about it huh girls you like it ladies I
like this I get half more than the first
but it was still really good but what do
you think of the intermission last
year's yeah that's true it start I loved
it action I was kind of a I was a critic
to blast the movie last time cuz I was
like I feel like I'm racing this movie
this movie I felt like was the perfect
connect fresh driving home now you can
see our babies I kind of missed them
it's what happens when she said movies i
miss my babies hello it's been a nice
night
