your haircut yeah
is that where we are right now how do
you think it's going to look it's gonna
be beautiful
oh yeah can get your hair trimmed she's
like what heck am i I'm in my PJs right
now oh my oh my goodness hey what's up
what's up you see us in the mirror no
what do you think
the pictures will do goodness
so cute and so good I know I said that
this baby needs a haircut I agree that
your client no matter you can actually
use this stuff let's pretend okay use
your fingers as scissors okay use your
fingers like this come on go okay
Oh
so we got her hair cut and it was really
fun and she was so good but I didn't
know what I wanted and I said Bob but
she didn't wanna go too short and girl
there which was totally fine so she cut
the mold off that I came home and
chopped more off basically so I had to
work in progress
it's a work in progress people but the
moment is gone Moloch is gone
she's so cute oh yeah so when I feel a
day I think we talked about this in
blood but Sir my head is skinny better
he's got kind of flat heads
babbling I heard eyes before mine I am
gonna have my future should check no
where are you putting the castle okay
what's what's the plotline
yeah what's the story is there a story
about these guys living in a castle
castle so cool hey hey hey no more to to
store all right I've learned my lesson
we're never coming back to push you
again that's for sure
my family to yours if you could tell the
world one thing what would you tell them
no no not the pirate ship there you have
it folks
live from the industry council people
were like oh yeah now we're just gonna
kind of clean all the same we keep my
toes okay buddy yeah good let's get that
fixed he's stuck okay come and I will be
there for you remember me the perfect
eBay score transaction guy just want you
guys to know that I have a hundred
percent positive feedback over the years
that uh accidentally put two packages in
without the actual address on it I'm an
idiot
yeah so last night those of you that
missed yesterday's vlog can go back and
check it out this was at the end of it I
went to the post office and I delivered
I dropped off some packages because I
was selling things on ebay I always do
it this time of year especially because
it's just good to get rid of things that
you're not using anymore and get money
back I seriously pay for Christmas
usually just for my even stuff it's
amazing think about all the things that
you don't use anymore but you're just
holding on to because you feel like you
might need end up not whether it's games
movies there's so much stuff back to the
point I went to the post office last
night dropped off some packages and in
the system in the kiosk sometimes you
type out almost like the street address
and they're able to predict where you're
going to send it to and on two of the
packages in my mind I was like I think
it predicted the whole thing and I kind
of rushed and put the label on and put
two of those packages in turns out it
was like my most expensive item
and as I'm leaving I'm like oh my gosh
we I wrote the address on these other
ones but not those two I'm an idiot did
I just put that package in without
actually writing where it's going I had
the city in the state and the zip code
and I was like oh man so I looked up all
the information of when they were in a
ship things out when the post office was
going to open and it had tracking
numbers on it so I'm like well it's not
gonna be lost forever so I call this
morning the post office here and like I
was looking at the reviews on Google and
it's like the never answer their phone
blah blah blah but I called him on the
way there and the guy was kind of like a
complete jerk to me he's basically I was
like I'm an idiot I did this this is
what I did and I need to try and get
those packages before they're sent out
and he's like oh man like they're going
just not like three hundred five hundred
thousand packages there's no way blah
blah blah blah and like I could eat just
like his tone and stuff I was like ah
like this isn't what I want to hear
right now I know they're there like we
live in a small city
I understand there's probably 40
packages on top of it I'll come with
myself but I know the rules of mail are
crazy and and there's certain laws and
that probably would be unacceptable so
he built me on hold just to take a look
he's like oh it's a six-foot bin and I
was starting to feel bad because I'm
like well it's my fault and I'm making
this guy look into this now and I mean
this isn't part of his probably daily
routine but I'm sure it happens it's
Christmastime there's extra packages and
he gets back to me and he said let me
get your number I don't see anything but
if I if one of our guys see something or
whatever we'll put it to the side
that's like a I mean that can't be that
many packages and it transfers like we
live in the salt town there's gotta be a
good chance so I'm at home trying to
figure things out and looking at
different ways that maybe I could track
the package once it got to the cities or
in Salt Lake and he gave me a call and
he's like hey come in I got your
packages just come in did it of that I
walked downstairs to tell Jen she's like
all you have no idea I've been in here
just like saying a prayer in my head
that this would work out because it's so
stressful it's just like it's always
stressful when there's things that you
can easily prevent
and then you mess up and it happens and
you're like ah just take your time and
don't talk about your perfect eBay
rating so I was like I gotta do
something for this guy and he started to
warm up and be nicer to me like as our
phone call went on you know and I'm sure
he deals with crap all the time
so I went to Walgreens and got him a
texas roadhouse gift card
and he's like meet me in the passport
office I was like I don't even know if
you're getting accept this gift card but
I got to get him something for like
going out of his way I go into the
passport office and this lady's like can
I see some ID rolling her eyes and
giving me the hardest time about what
the situation that just happened even
though she actually just look at the
package like oh there's no name on here
no no no I was like there's people there
and I'm just like no I'm an idiot like I
I've already been fumbled and I quickly
write down the name return address and
give her she's like all those ready I
was like I'll put him in the bin but can
you give this to so-and-so
Tom Merry Christmas after her being so
rude to me she looked at me and she was
like hmm she's like oh let me go get him
I was like no no no he doesn't need to
know who I am just give him this and say
Merry Christmas and thank you so uh I'm
not gonna say his name I don't I don't I
don't know if they're allowed to accept
gift cards or whatever but I'm so I'm
not gonna say his name but thank you to
the man that helped me today went out of
the way I hope he enjoys his dinner
hopefully with his family or a best
friend and crisis averted
turns out the dress was actually on the
label and it would have made it alright
I wasn't going crazy
but I was starting to panic and Oh next
time I mail something I'm gonna take my
time and write everything out million
times lessons learned mistakes were made
lessons learned
hi hi no I you got some mail today come
close okay
do you know what that says right there
what does that say no luck huh Q says no
uh yeah I think you got a letter from
your dentist
do you know your dentist this feel yeah
okay open it what is that show mom
show mommy show mommy we got a picture
of Noah at the dentist office what else
is in there what's that dinosaur sticker
fine silver stake today don't you get
car sticker clay okay
another car sticker another car sticker
and there's oh there's a nope do you
know who your dentist is who was his
name
blabla hahaha hey look at your dentist
papa wrote you a letter it says dear
Noah it was so fun to have you in my
office you were my best patient that day
huh
you know what that means and you're
really good you're really good patient
congratulations you are in the know
cavity club love papa fine thank you
letters like that out to a lot of its
patients which is awesome ah Sam well
it's very nice packing snow out there
what are you done do you believe in
magic got some more snow got mr.
snowball man over here look at that
craftsmanship building a chair out here
so we take in the snow house is a comfy
come here girlie
