oh happy star wars oh we're gonna do it
every other dancer this is jen by the
way you can't see your hair so i could
be like it's impossible oh wait let's go
good morning my sweet girl named people
yeah we're making cookie making cookies
for the people so we have some neighbors
that live down the street and they're
just the sweetest so cute um another one
to Carol's to us the other night yeah oh
you dip we talked about it we did talk
about it mom and three girls I think
their dad / husband is in the army yeah
like that and he's stationed is he
oversees yeah he's a receipt he's
overseas right now so they were so sweet
their house has been decorated for the
holidays amazingly to every wall
investment on the street anyways we
wanted to make those cookies today no
absolutely loves them they're so good to
him hey dude I have a special surprise
to set the mood here I'm gonna go got it
stuck in the chair he's too we're at the
foot stuck in the chair I love Christmas
nice college yeah those guys Wow yep let
go hey close your eyes close your eye
it's keep them closed you're so good at
keeping your eyes closed the Santa new
hahaha oh my beautiful gosh it's like Oh
Oh much that's usually real wait hold on
the girl
do it ah oh my word it's like a
Christmas tree basically made out of
flowers and there's little tiny
ornaments on oh my I love it it's
beautiful it's so cute yeah I know I was
like I've had friends in cortical
horticulture classes right is that
they're cold oh really cold give me your
classes like for my cell I don't know in
college like Alex two boys botany yeah
does smell good Noah yeah so anyways
shoutout to 1 800 flowers for sponsoring
today's video I just got this from their
website it is beautiful I picked it out
so absolutely love how it turns out and
we're going to decorate some cookies we
have any cookies left ah looks like
three just took a jumble we're deck
decorate some cookies bring to our
neighbors because this is the best time
of your just to do things for the people
okay should we do green or red be green
so I'm just going to put a bunch of
frosting yeah oops I need you like it's
Christmas trees yeah that's Christmas
tree no on that one can you pour some
sprinkles
he's Jags are perfect maybe we'll make
sure there's a couple that are edible oh
yeah okay that's good that's good oh
that's sparkly look it ok so these four
will be kind of like the okay I'm yeah
what thick is that it's like an ornament
Mayan Christmas trees see he said it
Santa tree okay good king do you love
the Christmas tree yeah with flowers on
it huh Oh smell smells good womp it's
not like applesauce I think that one
might be our best one good job that's
good that's good shake it around
beautiful so we're we're actually gonna
send one right now who are we gonna send
it to okie who's OG back grandma oh jeez
your grandma it's mommy's mom it's
really nice that even though we can't be
with all of our family for the holidays
we can still be with them in some way
and by sending some Christmas cheer
their way no it's really fun we're so
grateful and we just think it's so cute
our family and friends are all across
the country now we can't be with them
all at once anymore its kind of sad but
we're able to still spread the holiday
cheer I'm going to put a link in the
description where you guys can go to 1
800 flowers website we actually have a
special coupon codes amika 20 that will
get you guys twenty percent off i just
placed an order for OG we sent her it's
the holiday flower tree that's the one
we got looks beautiful I love it very
nice you see Papa this weekend yeah when
you're checking out here at the final
page of payment and stuff at the top
right there's a coupon code box
yeah and click on that type in samick a
20 and you'll get twenty percent i
actually just used our code so if it
definitely works i'm sure oh gee will
send us a picture Oh got beautiful
cookies here well let's do look like a
Christmas tree hey that kind of looks
you guys got good yeah hey people ever
find my beautiful cookies awesome say hi
OG oh but about that Beth ok where are
we going no I was going to see his very
first movie in the movie theater it's in
our little rough last past two hours of
course it's nap time and not doing nap
so if it's been one
the movies okay what do you think of
your first movie about how you feel
about your first movie no thumbs up wait
did you like it no wha I may be a little
bit more excited but it was a little bit
of a challenge no you might still just
be a little too young luckily there
weren't very many people in the theater
he enjoyed it but I was kind of worried
cuz I loved it I loved the movie it was
really cute and really great but uh I
nude like there were some slow parts and
Noah just needs all action all the time
and towards the end I was like okay okay
let's drop this movie up because this
kid wants to go um did you like the
movie and what we went to mawana yeah
something but he I think he had fun it
was very tempting to want to like run
down the aisles luckily I mean and he
didn't really want the popcorn at first
so i think my manou too salty so i kinda
able to pop one then if i want to talk i
was like oh crap it's all gone if that
fiery part like this part with like a
big like volcano you know kind of person
and he thought that was like exciting
stuff you know who like fire and loud
and crazy luckily there's not nothing no
one really in there there are a few
people but hopefully wait bother anyone
cuz he was standing the whole time and
kind of dancing to the music and it was
fine it was good
wait wait wait Oh tell me about it very
to hold on watch Malik to LA bright pink
your popcorn and drinks either drinking
no what Kilis yeah its own lemonade was
it fun me Alec did your mom you have a
good time together mommy yeah no I have
no good they look at the video i had
soda geforce up our own glass I'd soda
and you had lemonade did you have fun
with mommy yeah it's a good spending
time together oh oh dang you can eat all
the popcorn oh we only got like the
little dollar 25 cup I love the thing
yeah it's like weird for matinees they
have different stuff well mawana well it
was the music good see you dance Tom you
got up and danced during the movie yeah
how was your time oh yeah I got a lot
done getting ready to leave even though
he's not showing it he really didn't
have a good time I think he enjoyed it
pretty soon you'll be old enough huh for
a movie just worried I hope he's not
having bad dreams without volcano people
go into life cuz during I was like oh
crap oh crap oh crap oh this isn't a
scary for him I must confess we bought a
I it was her first time having indian
food hmm and she liked it does he do
like it right yeah you like it too he
liked me Lebanese with any of what I get
though isn't spicy at all my mind like
tomato creamy kind of
okay okay sis Noah's such a good eater
so when we had another baby look like
we're am a picky uh-huh where's can you
get a picky eater things are gonna be
different but she is such a good leader
to you are such a good eater hmm do you
chew your food you only have to type it
goes to really well I was going to show
your teeth but my fingers might have
spicy sauce oh wow do you love eating to
know a lousy ting to ya mm-hmm this is
pj signature style by the way once icon
once i got always always oh i was
getting excited more food more food more
food mmm that tasty parents out there or
babysitter's or grandparents or whatever
if anyone has experience feeding
children I thought when we were pregnant
I pictured ourselves here comes the
airplane my you know like or like baby
food there's this there's like a
stereotype of baby food that babies
don't like to eat it or it's hard to
feed him that's what I want to know is
that a real thing because they've been
great well we don't do airplane we've
done train like once in two years she
gets distracted he'll she gets really
distracted I guess know that there's
been fun so here no I know I was like
let's get down to business I want my
food I want it now and then we were done
she's occasion though oh oh wait there's
a boss like a squirrel really thank you
I'm a little bit of orange it's okay I'd
be the baby food I would love the
attention baby food real food combo
that's right
sissy what you got to say watch out for
that corner that's why we keep you a
little bit away from the table you got
something to say yeah my food spicy oh
haha happy Star Wars graduate every
other damn longer this is jen by the way
you can't see your hair so it could be
like it's impossible oh wait let's go
yeah I think stormtroopers dance
he's way too good at these you guys he
has more stars than I do on any of them
I can't beat him you've gotta be
freaking kidding me another five stars
I've never gone more than 30 are you
serious how many stars you just get
super sorry that means oh my gosh I'm so
Matt you how do you do that you guys and
they're always on the girl songs he's so
good at then how do you do it kids are
asleep I had another set of ebay
auctions I ended today so it's time to
ship him out I just want you guys to
know that I have a hundred percent
positive feedback over the years i think
i've been an ebayer since at least two
thousand six thank you for sure at least
two thousand six so I always take care
of my people Ivan through an extra cable
and for one person I'm an idiot I'm an
idiot no this is the funny part well it
stinks right my last clip I said I'm a
great ebayer just want you guys to know
that I have a hundred percent positive
feedback over the years I always one
hundred percent satisfaction hi jinx
myself okay so this would happen I just
got back from the post office and I had
a bunch of packages I saw and it was
kind of crowded for this late at night
and it's a self-checkout Kiev thing and
you type in most of the address on some
of the packages that you do because they
like verify that it's a deliverable
dress etc whatever
and for two of them like in my head I
thought I'd typed it out maybe I did i
don't think i actually did though I
thought I'd typed out the address and
name and I just jumped to conclusions in
my head put two packages in without
actually putting that dress on it so in
the drop box right now there are two
packages now sitting there think a sec I
should put another package in there
that's because it boxes extra ones that
says like help but mill and the post
office and all that stuff is very like
it's very serious place you can get in
trouble for even like trying to reach in
there doing whatever and so I wasn't
even going to try to do that although I
wouldn't be able to reach it anyways the
pickup is at two thirty tomorrow I'm
just worried that for holiday times they
probably might pick up earlier but if a
ton of packages so I'm gonna head over
tomorrow luckily I've tracking on it too
so we will be able to keep track of the
packages that's like ah you idiot you
just talked about how good your ebay
rating is and then look at that I messed
up that's okay mistakes happen fun day
Joanna a movie yeah i mean i was happy
but fun good night
Oh
