PJ you want to come to the game too
happy Saturday everybody
we're kicking the vlog off nice and
bright shining early actually it's
almost deafening but I have been working
my booty off getting this house all
clean and organized because Sam and I
have a date today I bought Sam opening
game baseball iPods am opening baseball
tickets to the Cubs game today first
stable first home game of Spring
Training and you guys I try to find
babysitters
I get babysitters they agree and then
they all just cancel oh it's not their
fault I understand like everyone is sick
this season like everyone's getting sick
so don't blame that nice just we got
canceled on again like an hour before
they were supposed to be here and I had
checked with her an hour before that
like hey we still good for today
checking it you know I always give them
like a heads up like hey Circle reminder
text and she's like yeah so that's good
we talked for a little bit and then a
little bit later like not even that much
later like maybe 20 minutes later I got
a text I'm so sorry I thought I'd be
able to come but I'm sick and my mom
does I'm gonna get the kids sake like
with the cold and I'm fine with that
like I completely I mean I don't want
the kids are still getting over whatever
they're getting over they're not
contagious anymore but I don't want
around to so soon
so I'm grateful that she told me she was
sick and it feel like she was up for
babysitting because I totally get it
oh they just kind of left us hanging
again right before we were supposed to
go luckily
you have my purses you have my purse
luckily last night I was talking to
Monica me later over last night and I
was like hi you so we don't care it's
just like we should ask me from the
beginning to just come watch the kids I
was like yeah but like they've got a
baby and they are busy and they both
work and all this stuff so it's like yo
like get a babysitter just like Jen well
if anything happens just call me and
I'll come over watch the kids
bless Monica Elliott because literally I
texted her I was like she can't spell
can you please come over I'm just
grateful for good friends who have our
backs such short notice
yes no what are you watching me you ride
in a baseball movie he we have forgotten
that we had bought Rookie of the Year
but no it's like during all the
Christmas stuff and we haven't watched
it yet and last night Norma watch it so
bad with Monica Elliott and that's like
I'm sorry it was bedtime so we told you
to watch it today and now they're coming
over so it's perfect you can watch it
with them we know but no what do you
want what is that your iPad you guys are
watching videos on your iPad yeah just
sorry I that videos on the iPad they
were watching the movie on the movie box
too yeah and I think Monica's just
living for the couple
I was jolly Monaco's like he's he's
changed a lot since we moved here
because come last August he would have
never stopped there with him with sorry
sat there with her because he was a
stinker and we just think I'm good
Monica and just say things that he
shouldn't be saying and but now I'm he's
like obsessed with her so cute like I
don't think so
well I should come over today but so
he's very happy yes we haven't seen them
for two freaking week because my kids
have been sick so now they're very very
happy
PJ was was rocking re in her car seat
when they first got here yeah I remember
do I get a B mommy can be what number
she can be two because she's got a baby
so there's two of her oh you're kicking
me away sorry
my first Cubs will actually I've enjoyed
coming spring training game in Tucson
my first cub spring training game here
at some Park in Mesa Arizona tickets for
the season of spring training no it just
means PJ along is actually cold 55
and yeah we got the tickets Jane got me
for my birthday
no no Christmas Christmas thank you
let's go
yura yura shout out to echo just some
poor oh gosh it's popping today it looks
like Wiggly let's like we're in Chicago
look at the field that's cool babe look
it schools have their blankets out a
section or one eighth one in a scene
take a picture my people does it get
much better than this how you Jen hoping
it up got a Chicago dog didn't got a big
nacho this year
not wearing Marjory Stoneman Douglas
high school evil baseball kappa /
auction with proceeds benefiting the
power of Education Foundation sir looks
like we're playing the cups today think
we're gonna do well I don't think so
sorry notes is pre-training there's our
boy Anthony Rizzo
I was clearly right there
Oh
a lot of you guys enjoyed the Taylor
Davis montage better get a little bit
more of that he's left a bat right now
it
can't
I'm doing
it's a shame for it's one two three
strikes you're out
we're so close to the dirt and a piece
of gum root beautiful time you've never
gotten her floated baseball game tastes
good though
Brown a date
really cool experience the park it's
like a mini reglue you've said that a
lot of times where you just like look
out your bike I feel like I'm at Wrigley
Field this awesome scene the players was
really relaxed they didn't play any of
the walk-up songs and there wasn't a lot
of music or like organ between which was
kind of weird I feel like it it would be
better with that yeah
but spring training is like a lot more
relaxed and just kind of getting used to
playing again and then the new guys
getting a chance to show whether they
should be on the team or not we parked
for free down the street which is cool
and then we're gonna be there on we're
gonna be there on Monday we're bringing
the kids and I was thinking that we
probably could pack to play lunches
probably because that's the worst part
is the food prices yeah typical you know
I mean sports arena so we're gonna sit
on the lawn with them we probably won't
say the whole game but they're the
cheapest tickets are pretty awesome I
love it
my friend was like ah probably played it
apart into you moving Arizona I said of
course yep yeah it's really fun it was
very relaxing I feel like very last
night I'm ready to go seven each other
we didn't have any children this time
around but I think the kids were really
liking on the lawn and it won't be as a
kid yeah yeah yeah every time we go
we'll try and show you guys something
different because there is a kids area
on Monday yeah I'm excited so but it's
so weird that it's like here again
because this time last year we're like
should we move to the Arizona
should we do it we come yet we had
spring training right now and we baby
now we're here that's been training
first seriously I thought you come to me
we're mommy
yeah the crypto dip dough do I get a hug
first she gave dad a hug first exciting
it because many hey hey wasn't me chip
fine guess what I forgot we have tickets
for you to come
oh thank you welcome Elliot is coming as
a baseball game
are they both coming yeah oh jeez you
and Davey I might even just be Monica
we'll see where are we gonna go together
I'd go on the baseball game in yeah
and AH see what what do you do with
Clark I'll let him dad and do peace can
you take a picture with him
yeah loved a bad piece do you want
anybody's autograph
yeah who's a grad those where is it
Rizzo's oh sweet pea do you want to come
to the game to baseball you know wear
your hat this is you okay say that today
has been well Jason one of the best days
with them for me oh wow it was just a
really good day with them oh oh you
wanna see baseball and you know wear
your hat you have your sunglasses - hey
cover your eyes
Oh guys guys guys look I think the
cameras a little blurry a little smushed
oh that one that one's actually really
cool you guys ready we're gonna have so
much fun huh
good night
shaker yeah yeah it's gonna be back on
the team are you predicting that you
want them to sign them yes if you could
send a message to Jake what would you
say yeah okay should I set it up say
good night
what feedback I own as again
