hey what's up you kids you guys hold
hands I'm bummed because the wind little
filter thing came off we have extra ones
I forgot to put one on hopefully it's
not too windy today we are at Kapaa go
park there's some wind caves over there
we just wanted to stretch our legs being
cooped up inside it's actually cloudy
today which is kind of crazy the sun's
usually always out boom
hike hike hike hike here we go here we
go I think it's like 72 degrees right
now
it was 75 but we thought we would
stretch our legs get these kids outside
get running around Noah said he wanted
to go hiking we're doing it dude going
hiking we're gonna go hiking in southern
Utah too and we go through his wedding
does that sound good if Taylor wants to
go he can PJ's loving it so if you guys
remember we took our family photos just
right over there with Rachel no it's
like I've been here before we took
pictures here with Brady - I don't think
we'll hike that far we'll definitely
come back on another day and go up to
the wind cave it looks like there's some
over there and that's something over
there maybe when daehan's out here we'll
check out the botannical gardens because
in others a botanical garden here we
also need to get the pass of all passes
equivalent thing pogo pass so we can do
all sorts of activities out here
run run run run and we also just drove
past Mesa Park is that what's called
Sloane Park some park where the Cubs
have string chaining we have tickets to
numerous games super excited about that
that starts up very soon catchers and
pitchers report soon me Noah will have
to go by Portillo see who is around I'm
just gonna camp out at Target and wait
for some of the players to shop excuse
me mr. Rizzo Schubert Oh
supermom right here can you believe one
more
wait is is the baby on your back right
now oh no no baby
yeah you can see people up there this is
just my heart all right yeah we're about
a couple minutes in I told Jen let me
wear this yard like she's carrying two
kids right now that's true that helps
alleviate all the better than me just
holding her
wait you were you at beach you have fun
yeah back there no I slipped out of this
hoodie you did I don't know if you
hasn't actually tell large these are
they're pretty big I think we might try
and hike up to this right now we've just
been on the bike best Oh put the hoodie
like that yeah that's how you can just
wear it around your waist you don't have
to hold it
do you know any good hiking songs
because when you hike and you walkush
was the sing songs big yep I think and
we're gonna leave the ladies behind just
to be safe although I think PJ's here
try to follow us because it is looking a
little steep you doing good it's like
your first hike nice nice
you got to use your hands too that's
fine all right let's get out there then
we'll turn around okay what kind of
animals dragons and bears are we gonna
find one up there that's right I don't
think we will either oh my goodness
little climber made it good stay there
no one you did you that's amazing that's
deep hey what are you doing we didn't
want to carry dude how is that
you did it I find surprising you the
fine yeah do you see where we were all
the way up there we just climbed down
Noah wanted to run down let's get a
little Ben juris hey did you see this up
there how is it that's good we made it
what do you see you just kept that
there's Phoenix
look at everything oh just don't fall
off the edge please look look down you
keep it an exciting almost falling off
the edge yeah he actually is closer than
it looks in the camera that pretty cool
buddy I would say that the hike was a
major success the kids really enjoyed it
noah said he wanted to come back he
wanted to keep going but we had to head
home because jenna had a trajectory
tonight I did get a package today I
don't know if you guys watch hot ones
now after you've seen the hot ones
challenge or if any of you guys
previously watched it I love hot ones
very entertaining show on YouTube where
they interview celebrities and they just
released their new lineup for the season
one of them is Mad Dog 357 which is
actually McCain's comeback so we ordered
all the hot sauces on the new lineup I
actually like eat these except for the
super super super super spicy ones even
the last time I actually added some
cheese dip I'm excited to try some of
the other ones they looked really tasty
and I might have to do like a mini mini
mini taste test of some of these really
spicy ones maybe one day ODS here if he
is down this sauce will blow you away
three hundred fifty seven thousand
Scoville it has cayenne peppers in it
that I have a hundred sixty thousand but
they probably add up to be that oh good
is it even it's like a warning label
this product is extremely hot I I
understand my own risk and fully
understand any potential danger that's
some serious stuff Kass gotta keep that
away from the kids anyways
it's not for me to go to bed was good to
be back outside with the fam see you
guys tomorrow hope you enjoyed today's
vlog peace
like Maya
this season's lineup is pound-for-pound
the hottest and hot ones history
