good morning sweet world I'm Alexa and
I'm Emily were from Seattle Washington
and you're watching salmon kabobs okay
good morning today I think everybody's
pretty tired today did you say good what
are you gonna say what about me I love
you girly counting down the days till we
head off to see some family everybody's
getting excited hey who are we gonna
spend Christmas with who are we gonna go
see though whose house are we going to
your friends but whose house are we
going to this week this weekend for
Christmas where we flying Papa's house
it's like a church that they're giving a
talk and the parent like is whispering
to them what to say and then they start
whispering it back Wow
fun couple nights Noah's been having a
hard time sleeping it's been waking up a
lot and just sleeping into our bed more
than a newborn baby is not even
exaggerating it was like over 10 times
last night
last night was pretty insane so it's
kind of made us all tired because
haven't been able to get a good night's
sleep
PJ's just been a champion of sleeping
before I was putting him to bed though
last night he said to me he said Santa's
coming tonight to see me and I was like
no no no no that's Christmas Eve and
then he's like the elves so I wonder if
he thinks like you they're gonna come
visitor
yes
Danny hey come this way hey hi girlie
love you where's my Eskimo kiss this guy
get Eskimo kiss this ain't fair
what's up YouTube fam good morning good
day good afternoon good night happy
weekend
yeah how you doing good we're gonna in a
special project today some companies are
we really I mean like oh my goodness I'm
like is this really happening we're
gonna be posting to videos on Twitter
Instagram and Facebook I'm gonna need
your help to just you know check them
out but I'm really excited about it
we've been filming got some snow out
here
daehan's got a cool shirt underneath
that I don't know why's around the kit
over it check that out
should we bring these shirts back should
we bring those back it is bright out
here
got snowball man he finally learned how
to throw a snowball and like the rest of
my life I'm probably gonna get hit in
the head by him there's all my ideas for
one of these videos guys here's a little
behind the scenes you're gonna see my
phone floating in the air here's the
magic right here it's a fishing wire
hopefully you guys can't see the fishing
wire in the actual video but uh I think
it's gonna be pretty cool is you can see
right now
hey what's up what is that
peppers show me where did you get a
pepper at you haven't peppers in your
garden
what are these not peppers where'd you
get these show me oh sorry focal point
right here oh you took them off to the
plant don't eat those though there's a
hot to touch their dads peppers or daddy
buckets yo whats with the no shirt thing
is that just how you live
yeah muscles magic Noah we've also
learned that Jenica just the mannequin
challenge is tougher okay it's cold and
windy cold air outside you try to keep
your eyeballs open oh well I did we were
trying to get some shots of her and it
was hard for me to like maneuver the
camera the right way and every time I
went close to her she would like blink
or like move anybody
all right that's good
I remember the first time that I tried
to do it when I was holding PJ I was
like holding her and I was like by the
end of it I was sitting there for like
two minutes because it was a la injured
and I was like oh well it's practically
like ready to like collapse from like
trying to keep her up in that position
so good job in good job sweetie come
here
come here save for Christmas I mean she
what's named today people say how are
you and your brother related where did
your blonde hair come from where did it
come from
d√©jenos blender no no I did although
just yeah and my hair is even blonde in
this we keep saying though we actually
think that Penelope looks more like Jen
and that no it looks more like me and a
lot of people in in person have said
that as well you kind of look like your
mama except you got my blue eyes in my
hair
huh so that's what we worked on today
I'm super stoked to have these
opportunities I'm trying to really put
more into life everything YouTube videos
I'm trying to I've been staying up late
learning how to do different things and
I think that 2017 will be the best year
of our lives 2016 honestly had a lot of
wonderful moments but it's been really
hard I feel like our hardest year I
think but filled with so many blessings
and great moments I'm sure we'll wrap up
2016 before the years over because
that's the anniversary of our vlogging
be three years of vlogging and we have
two kids now New Year's Eve are never
straight that's when we started really
fun anniversary date and but we'll be
going any before anyways another thing
oh yeah okay
to Europe VidCon Europe some of you that
follow me on Twitter you're like yeah
what's up what's up we I didn't know
that was a thing so if you guys would be
in the Amsterdam area in April early
April I think it's the 8th
so we'd celebrate Penelope's birthday I
don't think we'd bring the kids but let
me know post in the comments if that's
something that's possible I was looking
yeah anyways I didn't realize how cheap
it is to get around once you're out
there like I've heard it but then I
never never seen with my own eyes and it
almost feels like it's too good nature
it's I guess yeah it's like the United
States in a way but I feel like it's
still cheaper super hopping from state
to state in this case country to country
but if you live out there is that
something you guys are interested in
going to and would you be interested in
seeing us like meeting up somewhere area
what if we came to your country Spain or
Italy
it's always been Jen's dream has a
crease yes okay me Greece Italy Spain
give me all the European countries
London yes Paris yes Switzerland oh my
gosh yes cool another thing I want to
talk about in another video is like how
YouTube's changing like my aunt and my
cousin said that there recently
unsubscribed for my channel and I know a
lot of you guys have been getting
unsubscribe and like subscriptions
people say don't matter anymore people
have tweeted me and said I don't even
know when your videos go up anymore
because it doesn't pop up in my
subscription box so I think there is
like a notification area at the top I'll
put a screenshot the Bell you can click
on that and then you'll get notified
when we do post vlogs it's usually about
the same time every day
but as you guys know we do take kind of
a day off probably once a week just to
focus on living in the moment as all as
always so anyways hope you guys enjoy
today's vlog put a lot of work into it
enough Arlo's upcoming projects we want
to make them super fun for you guys to
watch they're gonna be on Twitter
Instagram and Facebook so pretty
exciting stuff link I'm really happy how
they turned out super excited alright
say peace please say peace peace out
