put your snow clothes on yeah
okay let's go put your snow clothes on
you can throw it dad
oh my gosh oh my well we were on a way
to jump zone but it's closed of course
so we're going to bounce side with
Jackson and Calvin huh yeah well good
they're in the car in front of us so
we're gonna have fun time fun morning
with Ellie and James I'm so happy he can
climb by himself now this morning
we're never out of the house is barely
for fun today too tired they're always
up this early nothing go away over and I
was like worried my friends where's my
friends you're supposed to go to
like they're in the car in front of us
kid Oh Jackson I lost you the way you
win it they're gonna race down the
slides
Taikan good job good job
but you put input you put it on your
pants whose pants are too tight I think
you've never done this one oh my
goodness you guys are so good keep going
just don't fall good job but oh my gosh
you didn't know what Oh
you did the hard way hey hey hey yeah I
cannot believe you doing the hard life
here's the song oh my goodness okay wait
wait wait for texanne we protected
looking very calm very cool ready oh
here they go
my god
where'd they go
he's obsessive Jackson now whoa you okay
okay shoot again
Oh Jay King to Jax
Oh give him a hug goodbye
oh good go play with these puppies
sometime can you come see your puppy
yeah yeah who did you play with you
wanted him to come back to your house
yeah what we're gonna play with them
next week okay you said you wanted to
see their doggy all you're gonna do is
either donkey and dad yeah yeah
Jared requested to you for you to come
and have a play day as well was he yes
yeah I thought yeah wasn't sure who's
all gonna be the extends like Oh Sam
should have come but uh nowhere I'll
make you sandwich but no I had the best
time with Jackson in the car he goes
mama know what tired he's got he just
jumped and jumped and slid down the
slide so whole time it was really fun it
was good to see them we have learned our
lessons with gingerbread houses and that
lesson is don't buy one that kid has
been sneaking up onto the table and
eating that gingerbread house without us
even knowing it and then decide to
destroy it and threw it everywhere but
he helped clean it up and this little
lady just woke up she took a good nap
yeah I know I did not take a nap and you
miss pen pen how are you baby girl hey
sweet baby girl sweet baby girl what's
up dude
what's going on outside snowing a lot so
Jen was actually supposed to go to a
baby shower tonight we were also invited
to go to a Christmas broadcast there was
like all these different events that we
were invited to go to tonight and we'd
only will Jenna decide to go to the baby
shower for our friend Ali and Josh but
it's snowing and it supposed to smell
like 1 to 2 feet in a city that's on the
way there plus this the highway the
highways here during the snow and just
driving in snow in general is crazy and
dangerous and just bad plus there's a
canyon you have to go through in order
for us to get to the freeway which is
just scary in itself on a normal day so
where are we going right now the doctors
I don't think he does where we're gonna
go get snow shovels because we don't
have any snow shovels there's our first
time we're living in like a house so we
got it we got a shovel the snow man yeah
you're gonna help me shovel hopefully we
get a lot of snow because I want to go
sledding with you do you want to go
sledding with me all right man I am so
terrified that someone's gonna come
around this Bend and just hit me right
now because people are driving way too
fast on this and I've already seen like
three-card slide it is really snowing
I'm hoping we get a lot because it's
gonna be this cold and we're gonna be
stuck inside mizar some snow to play
with okay where we gonna stop real quick
we're taking a pit stop though who we
gonna go see if they're in there Santa
do you think he's in there we're not
gonna meet him today but we'll just go
take a peek okay all right okay stick
with me let's go dude how do you see if
do you see you boot max oh that's
awesome watch how big dad's is look it
okay let's go let's go let's go here
hold mantle mantle man oh man oh man oh
man
whoo oh this is where Santa is gonna be
is that where Santa usually is salmon Oh
are back in SAMHSA's that no I have a
surprise for me saying I wasn't Santa
wasn't there he was on break he misses
me not something that's good I just
wanted to like just see him right right
and he was pretty excited about that
but then we went to oh we suffer that
your concern you wanted to get a picture
with Davis photo and the Aaron was there
I saw Aaron in there so I said hey and
Blake and then there's a shop next to
the tricks and store everybody works oh
that smells so good oh it's bergman
waters oh my goodness through you give
me a kiss I love you Christmas
that's Bradford well no that's nicest
little present you've ever gotten me so
um I was really excited to watch her
play live but I missed it I Eve I don't
even know why or I don't even remember
what the day it was on but I checked
miss autumn and so I've been watching it
tonight and it's actually really good I
feel bad though cuz the girl who plays
Tracy her mic kind of cut out in the
first scene and you just went out again
first I can't
but it's so good they went like all out
with these sets and everything oh my
gosh it's like amazing it's amazing
I kind of enjoined this one by just love
hairspray personally the musical from
the movie and all of the above I'm kind
of liking it more than the greased one
they do grease right that little humming
yeah and I've really been doing actually
are gonna ariana grande she's playing
penny really well I like it a lot it's
so good
how many of you guys have seen this
already I'm also loving because Kristin
Chenoweth is everything Kristin
Chenoweth she's she's doing really well
I'm loving her in this part look at this
low shovel are starting to snow again
no it's reading tree thanks for doing
the dirty work thanks for doing the
dirty work secret a secret dream of mine
and I bet everyone I just wish I could
see you dance like to be a part of this
would be so fun
do you think who else's room is to feel
this in advance
at the same time
I do you want to sing and dance on stage
you're gonna go do Broadway I also love
in the commercials they show what's
going on behind the scenes that's fun
then Bobby dance shake your little booty
dance
Bubba dance shake your little booty
dance baby bitch
shake your little booty this puppy tips
cheeky little booty oh she loves dancing
do you did Brian really not cuz you're
sad or happy this is really good just
like wow I would've loved to sit down on
Broadway this is one of my favorites
you're out of breath from dancing
I really like good reform for like a
Magic Mike number of children's choir my
parents are there right now in Kentucky
and Silas Daphne and violet are in it I
would love for notes being something
like this she's got such a big group I
love it it was good dancing with
it does a good surprise what is it
