we are currently stationed outside of
apartness they have one sick picture i
miss no I gotta check out his snapchat
at eight forty seven tonight oh no
Instagram okay so we're gonna wait in
the car while they gonna take this
picture hopefully quickly he only post
pictures at eight forty seven at night
I'm personnel at the time we want to
take matching pictures with Noah yeah
behind the scenes of day Han Geng's
Instagram somebody oh oh back at the
buzz let your nose over down on purpose
no one oh look over there oh no no don't
look at the camera meanwhile I actually
did this little lady's hair into some
space buns it'll probably not last very
long see if I can maybe around hi hello
hello alien baby makes you look bald
haha you're so cute the pollen of
Justine pigtails pretty soon hi dang i
missed it Noah was just waving to me it
was so cute he saw me in the window yeah
babe model boy over here see link to the
 were you posing reading a good job
yeah little model baby
is it just me or is it extra hard to get
up and going in the winter as soon as
you get out of bed in the winter there's
like barely any Sun up like it is
freezing I just want to get cuddled back
up in my blankets how's it runs
Christmas shopping going I've gotten
some tweets from some of you that saying
we use my Harry's code from the video i
did a while ago just want to do a quick
shout-out to harry's they've been one of
the greatest sponsors of our channel of
all time we've been through a lot
together very nice i like the
presentation of all this how does that
feel it's it's beautiful what are you
getting ready to do go away hey you
ready to shave yeah Tim shaves every
single day with his own little player is
ur me Tia you growing a mustache I'll
give that thank you I mean muscle if
you're still looking for a gift for
someone in your life and you want
something that's nice beautiful that
just screams elegance this is the gift
and this is the last time I'm going to
mention it before Christmas as I've
mentioned in previous vlogs Harry's was
started by two best friends Jeff and
Andy they were sick of being overcharged
for razors they wanted to start their
own company so people get a great shave
at a great price now this that you're
looking at here is the Harry's winter
Winston set it's a special set that
they're doing for the holidays comes
with a midnight blue chrome razor handle
that you can get engraved also it's
pretty sweet you also get three of
Harry's german-engineered five blade
cartridges which are just perfect for
shaving gets nice up and close there you
don't miss any hairs and my favorite
part of this set as always is the phobic
shave gel which I think's was amazing i
also love the smell
I describe what it smells like
so this it actually goes for thirty
dollars on Harry's calm but if you use
my promo code sanika you can get five
dollars off today there's also sets that
sort of ten at ten dollars using the
promo code like the 15 use the code ten
bucks pretty awesome so make sure you
head over to Harry's com I think the
winter Winston said is the best one the
best gift that you give someone from the
website it's beautiful like I said go
ahead and use our promo code sama Kyle
you'll get five dollars off also free
shipping ends December 9th today that
you're watching this is gonna be
December eighth so you have like today's
the day to get free shipping and then
ground shipping ends on December 16th
but you want to order it today you want
to get free shipping ok so use the promo
code sanika five dollars off I love
Harry's great stocking stuffer to last
year I put it in all the guys stockings
I thought it worked out perfectly no
mmmm
she took a bite oh don't get very too
much babe look at that bite he's so bad
goodbye it was our at all
did you get so we're at all have a
surprise for you tasting right here guys
close have a fun activity for tonight oh
ok kind of messy and sticky click keep
your eyes closed you excited fun
Christmas at Santa to be tonight ready
hi how ya how just read house Corinne
make a gingerbread house hold it yeah
thank you mmm mmm you like it the
excited okay as soon as i finish eating
we're gonna make it okay well i just
took off the first piece which I feel
like is about to break and there was
this broken piece underneath which I
think might have been someone's doing
when they dropped the box for a second
but so we got the patient patch it wow
that were that I verizon about a how I
felt like that pieces in a break I
literally picked it up full thing in my
hand it is crumbled so well you're
probably good money back we're gonna
improvise we're gonna make a toddler
gingerbread house says for best results
to need and massage the frosting bring
it to a room temperature so it's like
the hatch amell's panels oh yeah did I
yesterday full day like to the parents
website Maggie we got some chocolate on
your chin yeah oh my look yeah yeah that
today we're trying to hatch a hash
symbol on live like Facebook live it
took him like two and a half hours and
it didn't even naturally hatch they sort
of like popping it but they were like do
those random that's really good I think
I wanted temperature I feel like you'd
want a little places lipstick here I'll
just feels actually pretty cold alright
so we are going to improvise and make
three arts yeah we're making some art
now
let's just make a little tower
gingerbread tower he's gonna break
anyway today I'm surprised it should I
should have pulled up a little bit
better I don't know if there was really
him it's that easy Bree I have the
purple ball you guys are interested and
would I have been uh everything about
live shooting I do that and yesterday's
look I posted a clip of it oh ok well we
might do it again it's really fun are
you wanting to for you things are very
very I don't do as Noah that that one
just broke kind of nowhere yeah why are
you doing how many woman it maybe I oh
my goodness oh that's how frustrating
this is why I mean everybody's me we
need a knife what's good a knife yeah
whoa okay that's good me that's gonna
babe that's good that's good that's good
yeah all right hey sorry could get
another one best fun yeah it's just a
freedom just one minute I'm sprinkle at
a time didn't take a loss I pour some
out this was kind of a fail I don't feel
like I said you don't think it's a fail
though yeah everyone know this Elena but
someone that's why my favorite parts of
witnessed Anthony would eat what's his
colon dawn Thank aqui Santa tree today
we saw stockings and he said Santa socks
haha everything Santa something let's
put some on this yeah we need to put me
Morgan how we're making the most of it
actually kind of cute so Noah instead of
a gingerbread house we made the
gingerbread garden yep
Christmas trees and laying down John's
been aiding the candy even though she
said no one was allowed to eat it yeah
not even worth eating that's the worst
3,000 calories ever they never is a
tasteless has no taste to it are you
gonna take a bite out of the gingerbread
man yep why not heck good hurt him yeah
no I gave heck you don't want to hurt
him that's really nice of you put a dead
that takes a bite out of his head oh
that's no man okay you know you eat the
Snowman oh you don't want to hurt him
through nope no yeah what if that takes
a bite out of them yep hey I'm gonna
take a bite no all right we saved him I
want to hurt the Snowman agenda bread
man particular nice of them really
thoughtful yeah it's the roof it's not a
person thank you hard yeah that's always
your cookies put ups we decorate on them
there is our gingerbread garden making
something out of nothing this is like
one of those pitchers things you know
like what it's supposed to look like oh
he wants to keep those little people so
bad and take a bite out of the well is
you gotta get oh he said no isn't a good
bite out of it i just in my first daily
workout Jen's I'm like yeah okay you've
been three times so I just started off
my hair my double chin my workout
regimen
melting away its money in the past i
remembered i work out like two years ago
even on the ball go psycho man Wow I'm
overweight okay I'm feeling it when
really I was like super skinny like I
don't feel self-conscious we always feel
like you're bigger than you really are
like oh yeah I'm do think that's the
case why we good something like most
people feel that wasn't like
subconscious about it but I thought you
know how's it going like I need to work
out cuz I'm fat well now I really am fan
lucky figure brush my teeth this is my
life back I let him brush my teeth and
then we brush this you got all those
cookies out of your teeth open no I
could lose like polly 10 pounds and uh
yeah the fun thing about this workout is
it wasn't just cardio like that's I'd
either usually play basketball new
cardio this head weights invoke to I've
never been just a weight sky so it's
kind of fun to mix it up and I feel like
it's gonna make me actually like really
strong yeah I summertime Noah how many
I'm just gonna keep my shirt off every
single day just sit around the house
with my shirt off and I got side of the
supermarket I'm on my shuttle women out
there is this your pet peeve when the
man leaves the hair in the sink from
their beards baby those crying babies
downstairs
I couldn't take all the time in the
world inside using that journey now this
is not about who's been worse we ever
get rip yeah we're good I'm actually
really sore today I like em it's like to
challenge myself of doing a week but
then sometimes like well here's to do
Leslie and then more reps I work so hard
my arm is almost tired from carrying
this camera I know hi buddy it's time
for bed you got your clothes put them in
the hamper when do you want to go see
Santa Ricky go tomorrow Wow I think so
Joanna go meet Santa tomorrow what do
you do when you see him no big car you
get my hug and you'll be car hey car hey
how's the transition been to your
big-boy bed you like it do you love
sleeping in it and the other thing that
went missing doesn't even come up
anymore briefly right nice good job all
right time to get in bed yeah love you
bubby
yeah I think this is too tart oh oh
that's to spite that's to turn up that
gusta he's like Oh
