morning sweet world I'm aha I'm Samantha
I'm toronto ontario and you're watching
the dynamical vlog piece
good morning I almost just threw this
away I'm just cleaning up the baby is
finally asleep I've not been feeling my
best this week I know some some people
are like talk more about PP like PPD and
stuff like that and honestly I felt so
much better I've been feeling so great
like I feel like I was like a month or
so ago I was like I got over the hump
and I've been like good I really have um
maybe more than maybe more than a month
two months me I don't know last time
when I really talked about it I was
really getting over it which is great i
have felt so good but this week has just
been an off week for me and it's only
tuesday oh my gosh is only tuesday haha
oh I've just not felt so great um
mentally not not like I don't feel sick
just you know I just feel a little
rundown I know my dad would be like
because you're not sleeping Jenny's
probably him a my mom probably going at
the camera go to sleep and I know I
should I really should tonight I'm gonna
turn off my electronics and just go to
bed I've just been reading a lot lately
and then I stay up late and then I get
tired then I get you know and then I'm
not myself the next day so definitely
need to be sleeping more yes I know um
but I working out has been helping a lot
which is great I'm glad I'm back into
working out and so hopefully that helped
me keep a clear mind but man mostly just
i just i'm not patient i need to really
work on it it's just it's rough when
your kid to the home asleep I don't know
I'm like so grateful like I really have
to deal with much of that LP has always
been such a good sleeper and that's why
I think I get frustrated sometimes like
wait why aren't you sleeping now doesn't
Noah I'm gonna try to just I've been
cleaning and we've been declaring so
that's not really helping Sam was
wanting to talk about like things I did
do to help get like get over the hump
and I talked about them before but i
think i deleted the clip on accident or
something i'm not really sure or maybe i
did already talked about this I don't
know talking to Sam first off is number
one thing number one tip if I could give
a tip is talk to your spouse or a loved
one
or something and just like let it out
although because my issue is I hold
things in I am the I'm the silent
treatment type like I'm frustrated or
something I'm just like don't talk about
you and our I'm annoyed or whatever you
know but or I would notice something
something is bothering me so I've been
trying to really have to just talk about
it so that's the number one tip to
myself actually talk and to all of you
talk um other things I did a few months
ago I was working out a lot more than
that helped a lot I was definitely
getting more sleep then I was making
myself go sleep early and I was just so
tired I was gonna sleep earlier so that
definitely helped um but mostly just
talking about how I was feeling to Sam
or whoever if I was having a bad day and
and Sam was really great and checking in
on me like how you doing you know um so
that that was really good I can't think
of things right now for some reason feel
a little foggy today but that's alright
it's okay we're a lot more allowed to
have those days you know it's okay to
not feel your best every single day go
stanford back that's fast um he got a
fun new gadget I he might show you guys
not really sure or maybe you'll just
notice in the videos I think another
thing that's really helpful is getting
out of the house if you're dealing with
PPD or any type of foggy day there's
nothing you something you have a foggy
day without it being PPD you know I mean
so I wouldn't say I have PPD anymore I
think I'm over that hump I just get
foggy days that's how we'll say it um
but getting a house is really helpful
you know like going working out in the
morning and then like cleaning whatever
and then give you the kid dad's house
it's really good
we're at the grocery store all of us
together and the regrets I can't handle
the cooter I didn't have a snow coat for
her so she's borrowing know his old one
and she's just a marshmallow see so much
of the Christmas story I know she they
can't move it's so funny slowly starts
tilting one way that son Noah was okay
my soul reaper use huh huh okay let's go
let's go cute little blob cute little
bump j & baby behave yourself sorry 360
over here let's go buy more popcorn Noah
cheeky
good job buddy you helped me okay keep
going new favorite chore dude you're
doing such a good job man
all right we gotta wait a minute there's
no more room dude there's no more room
dude you got it full oh yeah okay wait I
was wrong you were there was more room
experience with a chocolate egg Mina
chocolate egg oh my gosh chocolate
orange Lee says to whack it and then
open it right it yeah what you're
supposed to break in I think okay hold
on about to try that oh this up someone
to mentor did their non patients from me
oh but goood witty goood I love that
they look like oranges okay try it see
it tastes like what's it taste like it
tastes like chocolate orange nice mm-hmm
Cheers there's no orange actually in it
it's just flavored orange it's just
chocolate that tastes like an orange
right well most delicious turn minik ask
the people i asked the people i asked
the people should we cut Penelope's
mullet no I asked on Twitter and I asked
on YouTube what do you think the
responses been how about it's been 50 50
so far and twitter has been exactly 50
1500 because our mall is great really
you can't even tell you how similar you
know well obviously everybody can tell
charitable Cameron my family does not
like it look at these green beans today
uncovered what we need we're eating them
tonight they're not expired nice bought
those oh you did yeah oh I forgot we had
a candidate I was like that's what I
just did open
I know these are my thoughts know people
that grow out there here extra-long go
through a bullet face isn't that part of
growing your hair out yeah or like what
you see baby I feel like babies have
molds because their side hair doesn't
grow as fast as the back of their hair
so because it's supposed to all go out
together yeah and it just doesn't grow
as fast so how should we cut it though
that's a thing like like a bob you know
like to place we've kind of like we cut
it like so it's all even so what also
recommended that we should do this thing
you put product in here when it's curly
after you wash it yeah we'll stay girl I
want to see for Harry trying we should
it's time for a game that we call who
can get the best reaction out of
Penelope round one my turn Eddie okay
start with a straight face oh she's
already smiling stir with a straight
face Penelope I got their birthdays and
then today I did it dad whoa mmm pretty
good reaction oh I got some snort oh my
great I totally I got the bruise you're
scared I know you not don't you know I
got the first time though maybe what is
going on over here yoga whoa that looks
crazy that's got the snow coming down
yeah that looks nuts looks like a light
show looks like a light show no it's
knowing I need to go to bed but Jenna
and I just had our first twitch
livestream together I did one the other
night by myself playing with a game with
Matt my friend Braden but Jen and I just
did a little live stream on Twitch it
was pretty fun we played planet coaster
yeah the mustache that's good I know we
just got to look at all the different
features yeah we should change a little
bit you can try me one of the fun I
actually good sister he did think that
how do i get up further this is good
that's good do you like that that's fine
well I'm let's just do it open open for
service wow you can give really wow this
is insane you guys hello sir hey like I
would if I designed this video game I
would definitely put your guys names
right here it would say Jenna cut Noah
Penelope the Anderson family yes the
female pretty creeped okay there you
have it Boise girls Jen Thunder looks
like a Hershey kiss angry that's what I
was trying to say the whole the poop
emoji it's Hershey kiss
I'd like to do more of that it was just
fun hanging out with you guys while
playing we're trying to figure it out I
think Jenna had a good time too so if
you guys didn't catch that I'll probably
tweet or post on our Facebook the next
time we do it so we're going to leaving
for Chicago before you know it and I
think we're there for about two weeks
we're gonna be celebrating our
anniversary we're in have a night to
ourselves out in the city my family we
see my whole family I can't wait for the
Christmas Eve program which is filled
with music dance talent whatever you
want to share and I just can't wait to
see Penelope and Noah enjoy Christmas my
mom always does a big for Christmas in
the holidays and they are gonna love it
so much so starting to count down the
days and I think we're supposed to get
snow this week which would be really fun
because i bought a fun inner tube to
take know a sledding which I think
you'll also enjoy because my brooming
went ice-blocking he loved that food
good feel great OCS tomorrow love ya
pace
oh this is insane it's Christmas snow
