why hello there
how was your nap do mommy sleep with you
mommy fell asleep what do you want
we gotta get you out of your jammies
before us 3 p.m. every day
are you happy for two week now right no
hands who's here still no who's here
Wembley's eight months old today
okay what's new she is crawling faster
she's standing up on everything you be
careful miss saggy pants literally
everything and she's falling over a lot
I'm getting pushed over a lot just in
her pants and she has two teeth I think
she's gonna be getting more teeth to it
because she won't sleep
she's only waking up once a night two at
the most
lately and she's waving sometimes to
wave to us anyway
hi dad dad I gotta leave please she's
really tall she's a long torso she wears
like nine months stuff nice 12 month
stuff you know
this sweater is actually six month old
it's a little bobble what's the word
anyway does blue eyes still have blonde
hair everyone so much good boy if you
think if you think we should cut the
bullet paste in the comments
we'll put it this week but what else she
wants to play with Noah he's still
might want to you know share his toys
with everybody he's getting better
she likes using the destruction I want
to be everyone right now I guess he's
still not faced to whatever you want
girlfriend she's nursing still going on
eight months of nursing which is one
more than that kid precise has she said
anything oh she says mama she has her
dad died I've heard her say dad dad she
doesn't she's still like kind of quiet
she takes a little bit to get her to
laugh she smiles all day but if you've
been under a lap you've got like a
tickler or something I think that's
everything
one more thing is that she is enjoying
learning to feed herself she likes
picking up things with her fingers and
fame and her mouth and stuff really good
either yep good either huh but she's not
as big as Noah's he was more of a blob
chunk a little chunk fall she use a lot
more long and lean
what do you love about city
how are here to do you love sissy do you
have Penelope what's your favorite thing
about her do you like her hair do you
like your personality
Santa tree does Penelope make you laugh
anything you want to say sis what do you
want for christmas one fact we're
contacts know what a mind just fell out
I can't see anything I'm so debilitated
I think I should get glasses keep my
context but I'm out of context right now
but I can't see at the moment contacts
is this smart marketing or annoying
deception I'm not sure I just got this
envelope it's yellow looks like a
Christmas card has my name in cursive on
the front as soon as I turn it around I
was like pa box this is like an ad I
pull it out it's a card we miss you
from sling oh I guess I did sling TV I
think is that deceiving a what that
wasn't me a nice Christmas card whoa
you're gonna try to stand up with no
hands I didn't think so
I know buttercup baby let it cut baby
guys she's a nice she's been denying her
morning naps and it's not okay she
refused until until like 1:00 o'clock
p.m. okay being so cute you're cute hi
hi hey little blonde babe hi she still
only has blonde haired eyebrow see it
looks like she's a hominid Vicki don't
you
guys I'm gonna be honest not every
single day in our life is that fun and
interesting in fact today I've just been
doing boring things but once a year I
try and do like a clean up and just get
rid of all the clutter and today is one
of those big days I put a ton of things
up on eBay
cleaning the office out because it got
super messy organizing right now I'm
creating a care package for David we
were looking for my buzzer the other day
so I actually found it I'm just gonna
give it to him because I don't really
use it anymore made some candy bags for
him
put some soups put some spaghetti and
sauce I feel like what often happens as
we go to the grocery store and there's
like certain staples that we always buy
and then we have too much of it and it
it just like it's clutter in our house
he's like a college age student you can
always use some extra help and food so
no one doesn't want to give them chips
though why don't you wanna go on chips
those are your chips I think you should
share some you get enough you don't even
eat chips really I'm look at you dude
you're eating that chocolate bar right
now you have a little kid sized
chocolate pretty lucky come on let's put
some chips in you put that in no hey we
got to learn how to share good good job
buddy these are this is for your your
uncle man keep it somewhere in please we
put the rest of them in please yeah
please buddy
the I spy promise you there's gonna be
some chips left for you okay I just
think come on this is gonna brighten his
day man
a nice little care package of goodies
someone did this to me when I was his
age I'd be so happy no more all right
good job yeah we want it we'll have to
get some more chips later and like that
it's clean again good I really don't
have much more room for David I'm going
to give him the giant triple chocolate
huge box of brown anything too Sam just
had an epic cleaning spree tonight our
cupboard looks amazing right now like oh
my gosh oh my gosh I was right about
this you can see the top of a washer and
dryer
okay so we're like to keep our our
helmets you can see the top of the
washer and dryer guys it's a big deal
having this clean cupboard and stuff
like look at all this junk
looks like Noah donated some applesauce
what's really funny about that actually
ever since that was the last thing did I
talk about this anyway so if I ever
talked about Ella sauce whatever that's
the last thing Noah ate the night he got
the flu and got sick he liked eating
applesauce and then threw up like a
minute later and he is not wanted
applesauce cents so he'd gladly feed
them oopsies
- Uncle poopy and only kept like one or
two we often I'm done - his ice cream
melted it looks crazy um yeah that's why
he's only been wantin yogurt because he
will not eat that was awesome anyway I'm
just folding laundry now just had to
show off all the hard work Sam did
afternoon kiyo into mega cleaning mode
okay anyway I think we're gonna play a
rollercoaster game tonight
maybe we'll live stream it
