Oh
alright guys
monument' another another monumental day
in Our Lives isn't Amica vlogs history
where are we at right now we're at the
choo-choo store and why are we at the
choo-choo store we're gonna get a
choo-choo
what happened to the elf take your pass
see ya the past she's buh-bye huh your
big boy huh yeah wait so who has the
pass see now a baby is elf gonna bring
it to another baby to use yeah dude
that's pretty awesome of you to give it
to another baby huh all right let's go
so we didn't take the Pasi away the L
took the pass see you a and we're gonna
go get a train to celebrate let's go
Santa let's go man it's your special day
oh say goodbye to pasty
this boys wanted to stay in the Santa
jammies all day and I haven't really
wanted to fight him on it so if you have
it's been going out today I see your
outfit are you Santa do you like those
jammies boy took his first nap without
his yeah you know what without us you
know what cuz the elf took it looking
for the elf
we hit him once and he kind of if he
hasn't come out of hiding I hope it
comes and shows up soon
sun's out there sun's still out and
tomorrow's Kayla's birthday yes Mario
Sue's birthday party so I'm gonna go out
right now and get him a little something
so many Mountain Dew ducks if I actually
did my first workout on our new gym
today which was really fun I really
liked it Sam's gonna love it this is B
kissed you that's so sweet of her oh she
got you this whole being able to I
better die himself thing means he's up
at the crack of dawn okay not changes
had to get to his bed today isn't be the
first night though without okay
yesterday she said tip awake something
like six she thanks yeah she goes to bed
super early no where are we yeah what
kind of car wash monkey
monkey carwash recipe he says monkey
carwash was remove the green gorilla I
got look at how cute this little plant
is this tiny little Christmas tree type
plant they put like glitter on it and
little Christmas bauble ornaments I'm
actually meeting up with my friends
Alicia and Caitlin my friends from my
old roommates you've seen them a lot in
blogs I'm we're gonna go visit Caitlin's
little baby's grave she lost her baby at
39 weeks and it was so sad baby Carter's
so he's actually buried up here in Logan
Cemetery so they are coming up tomorrow
and we're gonna go together and visit
him so I wanted to get a little
something to put a little color you know
I was a little grave it's it's very
bittersweet I'm excited to see my
friends but it's just it's so such a
heart-wrenching thing to have to go
through to deal with a stillbirth like
that so it would be good to be together
for a little while Noah is in via Talos
birthday party tomorrow morning
we're still trying to figure out Howard
make this work I mean my friends for
lunch and then we're gonna go visit the
grave but Taylor's party's at 11:00 in
the morning so I'm not sure exactly how
we're gonna figure out the car situation
but we'll figure it out
so that's what's going on tomorrow I
just wanted to show you guys how cute
this little plant is I just love can you
see the sparkles on it I don't know if
you can but it's just so cute I really
like it so I hope Caitlin likes it too
here we go
okay I've never done the carwash driving
neutral don't break did it rise no now
loves the carwash red cue a little
holographic and in the stand of this
time oh so cute
we're here for tails birthday party oh
she's gonna dance the music she loves
music
chica booty shake ha ha ha Oh Sam know
about
but where's Noah oh my god
yeah Mowgli
last time you want to do this for some
reason
now anyone let go
Oh
we scared them away their dancing nose
we giving him gifts
Sam Wow you know paw patrol cars whoa
just like for some major - you know I
insist that what the kids are like a
table a birthday hug such a big boy
always way out of tune
I said hey Noah know what come here
hey Noah you want to do our secret
handshake let's go what's up dude do
that daddy do that daddy
Hey
