real quick before the vlog starts I
created a Facebook page for the blog I
thought it'd be a fun place for us all
to talk hangout I really want to try
Facebook live out I haven't even tried
it on my own personal account but I
think it'd be cool to try out there so
I'm gonna go ahead and put a link to our
Facebook in the description at the top
you can click on it like it I think it
would also be a good place for like
future giveaways and just communicating
better so check it out if you have a
Facebook
readings from Tyler time greetings oh my
gosh those scratches for around istic
you like got me right we're like my
wrinkle line yes it makes me look old
hi don't ok be careful don't go up the
big yellow tube you don't know how to do
that we're currently anyway okay I've
got scratches on my forehead a black lip
just really I'm looking great um we're
doing that Tyler time that's there's
like barely any kids here today which is
kind of nice just ease it back in do you
that theme taught um haven't been in a
few weeks because we're trying to get
over all the sicknesses so it's kind of
nice that not that many kids were here
today okay go in the baby slide bye bye
have fun
they're doing pretty good too since
there's less kids there's just one
little boy that he know have very
similar personality so they butt heads a
little bit but wow you're gonna jump II
look at this child trying to climb up
the slide
there's no kids oh my whoa
last night was um first-time embeds Noah
did amazing he only woke up because the
baby will come up she woke up crying I
think it was harder for her to adjust to
her new bed and for him to adjust to his
new bed
which is kind of funny hi I see you
you're gonna go climb up and go down the
big yellow slide okay go up and climb
inside and go up to the very top and
we'll see you down here anyway she had a
rough time she woke up at like 12:30 or
something and when they go back to sleep
that's kind of letting her cry it out
for a little bit but uh then I just
better cuz she woke up Noah I also
bought this necklace on Amazon for her
to chew on
she doesn't know what to think about it
quite yet just again whatever gosh
hi run-in with a pot we're making a
rescues routines yesterday yeah Barbies
in
he did so good you guys didn't I like
coming out of his fan at all he just
laid in there it was good he's a good
first night we'll see how tonight goes
we'll see if we can get a nap in today
you wouldn't believe it but it'd still
be the afternoon it's just really really
dark outside I've been getting a lot
done in the office today which includes
boring emails and invoices and documents
and things I'm actually really excited
about a couple brands that we are going
to work up with in December
very excited there are a few that I love
a lot and I just like it's crazy doing
it so cool so thank you guys probably
supporting us because without you guys
we wouldn't be able to work with them we
also just committed to a gym membership
yes I still have my other one but I'm
canceling that one so Jen's transferring
over to a different gym because it's
closer I didn't have a membership I was
playing basketball stuff but it's really
hard to play basketball at night because
well the kids and then also I have my
church activities so I just got a gym
membership because your metabolism
starts to slow down you have kids you
become busier I used to just move all
day every day ah my jobs that I've had
in the past like my job at university I
was moving and physically working like
sweating every single moment of the day
and now we still move a lot because the
kids like chase them and stuff but it's
not like the same like I used to walk
probably like five miles a day just for
school up the hill down the hill here
and there so whew it's time to get an
original workout routine we are growing
up we can't just do whatever we want
anymore
ain't that right Suzy so much yo I'm all
ready to go vegan or anything
tried it my dad and my brother in law
and all the vegans out there but yeah so
we found a cool place so we're gonna
start working out and we won't go
together because they don't have a
daycare yeah no but it's close enough
and the workouts are fast enough that it
should be very convenient and I feel
like that's important about working out
right you want to make it convenient
easy to do easy to get out there because
if it's hard then it's like you're never
gonna do it because you don't want to do
it all the time anyways so I'm pretty
excited about it
they have like a smoothie juice bar and
so I was thinking maybe I'd make it like
a morning thing where I could go work
out and then start my day off with like
a nice little smoothie cuz we always
love smoothies a little reward so I'm
pretty excited about it you excited to
have a laptop is that where you do your
business yeah Oh what do you get are you
gonna show us what's on it you gonna
turn it on oh hi
are you learning your ABCs on there they
play with the red ball oh are you gonna
type a message back - what are you gonna
say you have a ball back at home hmm
Oh guys I love my life I love these
people
so yeah super excited just to get my
body moving again I'm definitely not
doing it enough are you taking a picture
hold on get this like this okay I'm
ready
geez but I'm gonna take a picture of you
taking a picture of me
ready 1 2
jeez see you smiling
she's like boy what are you doing with
that thing that thick is that real come
on do it
you're smarter than that alright and
what better way to celebrate than to
have a pizza night survivor yes
celebrating with pizza pizza oh my
goodness what Wow that last episode was
insane I am fully team David what's his
name David Horton Kevin David I love you
ask Andrew him what their team Z core
team yeah I was team Z and until the
last episode was a team game all the way
at all so yeah let us know if you're
watching the show and the comments of
your team Z core team David um last
night I was teaching Noah how to blink
with one eye do a little wink you know
like now that look at myself Dave
let's see you can you weak with one eye
I love watching kids starting one for
the night it's like makitas thing in the
world are you doing it he's trying too
hard let's see jealousy you're weak I
look silly winking PJ can you wink with
one eye go like this look at me
like this can you blend can you blink
she's not even blinky at all
you blink she's singing at the same time
like using whip that's the actual dance
mad he was favorite thing to do every
day
crank back say crank that we're having
super team Zeke our team David David
wait are you guys team David now I was
teams he hit like he'd betray me I was
team bulk team David and Zeke now it's
like you have to pick one side yeah
they drawn the line in some of the Gen
Xers are just really starting to tick me
off
yeah technically that's to David though
that's true yeah that's true too but
it's the other Gen Xers that are making
you more noise please can we just talk
just about home from the three
I'm here for well I like them yeah like
welcome they only started featuring
exactly they only started featuring well
a week ago yeah oh yeah 18 year old
mm-hmm look at them right now though
okay look at them watching a movie under
the lights of the Christmas I scream
sometimes you guys might be that
beautiful bow beautiful oh no its turn
to dance on the on the pillow I didn't
want to give any spoilers away from the
last episode of Survivor it was crazy it
was fun
awesome been enjoying the season I still
want to do a live hangout for an episode
it's really hard because that's when the
kids usually are tired and want to go to
bed so we usually watch Survivor after
we put him to bed but last night we
didn't or in the vlog you just saw
so anyways um maybe we'll do a hangout
on there
I'm gonna go publish this right now see
you guys on the Internet
