so this is kind of funny because this is
their Christmas money yeah but they
earned it by doing tasks ready and since
they both kind of been under the weather
yeah and we were exposed to something
fun today we couldn't whoa we need a
race on the get we can race you in the
bathtub with you
the best is the smell of those basically
like berries or whatever it is PJ merry
Christmas from Grandma's and all that
things we do look at come to the cars
look it comes with two cars - oh they do
still smell really good smell it smell
your dolly she can float in the tub so
cool and a flashback good morning sweet
world having a fun little breakfast this
morning I decided to start the day off
with some chick-fil-a breakfast I think
that's the first time I've gotten the
kids chick-fil-a breakfast since we've
moved here to Arizona we used to do it
like once a month in Utah and I was
always kind of fun today is Martin
Luther King jr. Day do you know what
that days well I'll have to teach you
more about it
my first thought when I look at this
monument I think of the Halawa me focus
I think of the Martin Luther King I had
a dream speech which happened right here
this whole business is filled with
people a huge moment in history the city
is just so
I have a dream my four little children
will one day live in a nation where they
will not be judged by the color of their
skin but by the content of their
character I have a dream today but tell
us first don't show him okay just tell
me then what's what's going on with your
sticker chart so what do we been working
on yeah so how many stickers do you have
right now only three and how many more
do you need to get the toy so you get
stickers by doing certain things like
you said one of them is staying in your
bed all night is there anything else you
can do there in stickers yeah so the
sticker charge is actually really
working well Noah is working towards
getting a Marshall paw patrol toy hence
he keeps picking them Marshall stickers
so this is actually we're 12 for us he
as you guys know has been trying to come
into our room and sleep in our bed in
the middle of the night and sometimes
you were just too tired to move them
back or bring him back to his room very
good steps like we it was hard to get
him out of our bed once we got the
bullet bed so during the holidays we had
this little inflatable portable air
mattress for toddlers and he would just
run and get that and then he wasn't
bothering us but we still want him to
sleep in his own room so then we moved
the kids together and I think that
actually helped a lot yeah I think it
helped a lot more so now now that he
knows he can do it and then he knows
he's not alone he's waking up away fewer
times during the night mm-hmm and now
being
centas the sticker chart he really
understands that he has completely
changed his routine at night we don't
really see him stays in his bed there's
no tears there's no like upset you know
what it's good so tried stick your
charts in the past they've worked
alright but this time it is just then
amazing and it will be worth every
single dollar of that Marsh I've been
trying to like talking about this
sticker chart for a few weeks months
maybe and he's finally on board since he
really wanted that Zuma and now he's
like okay let's do it
let's get those stickers it was hard
from to understand though that he just
earned a sticker and not a toy that day
but yeah he's getting the hang of it
well updating the sleep department got
to make sure all other people are
sleeping before we start losing our
sleep again with that baby although it's
Penelope she uh she sucked really well
through the night and it's kind of a
flip of the coin sometimes and we'll see
it we'll see what happens I don't think
anything will ever be as bad as every
night every night
oh jeez he actually looks almost
completely bald while filming this he's
usually crying but not tonight
he's chill as a cucumber doesn't matter
how much sleep I got that day well I
might have only gotten an hour you say
but it don't matter because I have to
say that working on getting organized
Jen made this list got our meals things
we're gonna buy etc what that's one of
our goals this year I know I've been
slacking the last couple weeks since
Christmas just good to be organized but
yes my big calendar has worked wonders
this is gonna start working wonders it's
good what's that on your cheek honestly
I kinda feel like she might almost be
ready to step right
she's around - yeah when she starts
talking more she's got in the bath today
she's got in the bathroom a couple times
all day hey PJ here's a question for you
do you know did you know the baby's a
boy hmm do you say boy boy I don't know
how much we have talked about this on
the vlog it sometimes I'm like I
shouldn't be JB say more words and I
remember when Noah was kind of close to
this age people like he should be
talking more and something wrong
attention see she definitely has started
to pick up a lot more words and I feel
like by the time she's 2 she'll
definitely be saying a lot more Noah was
and we just forget yeah I went back and
watched some blog sounds like god
they're not too different my buddy Jay
was born no was not talking at all
Hey look who's jumping PJ are you
feeling better yeah yeah let's see you
jump
show me how you jumped she's like look
at me look at me who spins and all sorts
of tricks let's see how high you can
jump he jump really high can you jump
really high
I'm over here now
butterfly she's gotten really good at
communicating today she was like using
sign language like pointing a thing he's
been like oh no I was like okay now just
get those words going just get those
words going and I just the thing that's
crazy to me is I can't even imagine what
our conversations are gonna be like
because I just love talking to Noah and
what is PJ PJ what are you like and the
sounds hopefully our last day cooped up
inside because we kept the kids inside
for a week took them to a part where we
never see people go brought disinfectant
wipes no we didn't do that we're gonna
start doing that everywhere we go and
anyways some art they have a very minor
case they didn't even get spots in their
hands Noah had no spots on his hands
only on his heel that was it and they're
gone now which is great from talking to
a lot of different people just a little
quick research here and there our
understanding was that they were no
longer contagious so we don't
intentionally try and like put others at
risk and we're not like trying to be
selfish like that literally we've been
inside for an entire week and been
stressing mainly about Jen getting it
because she's holding a baby if I get it
like okay then I quarantined myself
probably to the office area and just
drink water and smoothies all day but I
did I talked to a lot of my friends here
in Arizona who have had it and they've
taken their kids to the doctor and the
doctor had told them that the convenient
period was the 24 hour when they had the
fever so that's why we went off of that
and it's I think it's probably been
longer than that
but we didn't do it we like we've been
inside that's the thing and then someone
everyone was like freaking out I was
like oh that's one of those I mean
everyone has their own opinion and
that's cool I'm not saying you guys are
wrong or anything we'll be extra
cautious even more so next time so I
appreciate those comments as well really
truly I'm not like trying to just talk
on everyone attend today's walk though I
know flea our last day inside because
this has been over a week now what's one
of your goals for this year
my main goal I mean kind of personal but
not really I guess it's to be more kind
in my parenting and my discipline
parenting you know you gotta be Stern
but sometimes I'm more like you know I
showed me a little kinder and I don't
know what we kind every day but I need
to remind myself to be kind every day as
well it's a good cool so yeah kind this
is my 2018 gopher yeah my children what
doors um I want to be just overall
healthy mm-hmm mentally physically
spiritually treating others and I also
want to have everything set like I don't
think we're gonna buy a house this year
mm-hmm because you you've enjoyed living
here we like living in this space and
the babies coming in stuff I'm not right
to move yet now ready to move but I want
to have like everything financially
ready and I actually feel like that's
super close I mean like we can we've if
it was like hey you guys have to move
out of your house today like yeah we
could actually do it today I mean that
would be a drastic decision but I want
to be like comfortably ready and have
everything ready to go so like yeah I've
been giving myself more time like
dedicating more attention myself not
like selfishly but I feel like that's
helped how other goals here in there to
give me crazy here how about you any
goals learn to talk
by the end of the year you'll be talking
like crazy huh we won't be able to get
your little chatterbox you get more
stickers I like that goal
I like that goal all right guys let me
know what Samira's is and has always
appreciated for being there this is just
a realization that thank goodness we're
not stuck in the cold because those
constant days inside I just we did not
enjoy him it's fun to get out and do
things excited to do that again see you
guys tomorrow
peace
got it like the last part of it
