I Love You Man love you we're so proud
of you turn the light off
look it's torch lights over there now
okay okay okay good night I love you
proud of you buddy
what's the red what's the picture on
there
what's that up no this what that's your
big boy bed huh are you so excited are
we gonna build it today yeah yeah what
is that my good people of the internet
went into family I've loved reading all
of your comments lately a lot of you
guys loved meeting Bella we need to get
a part two to that yes sorry I realized
I didn't finish her story
also I appreciate all the kind words
that you read towards our homework
videos you guys know hallmark is one of
the sponsors of our channel we made a
video with them if you guys missed that
video I'm gonna put a link in the
description that you guys can go back
and watch it I'm also gonna leave
another link where you can check out
homework signature cards they are
beautiful so I want to make sure you
guys see our video because we put a lot
of time into it and I really like how it
turned out
did you like it - loved it but right now
we are making rice krispie treats I've
never made these I was just like you
know you walked into Paulo it's like the
holiday well you know I think I mean I
thought he made him with noni foresty
but I wasn't like ingredients what are
you making bubs
you need the marshmallows so something
really cute happened yesterday Jen got
some groceries and I saw the air and
Packham she got these with the holiday
colors and also let me see Christmas
Grinch Christmas cereal yeah yeah did
you have Christmas cereal for breakfast
yeah right there and what was why did I
think I was lucky what you say well okay
I mean we never as kids we only got fun
really fun cereal on birthdays or
special occasions which is totally fine
yes Noah
John was just saying that she's always
wanted Christmas Syria never been able
never had it so she went out and got
some yesterday I thought that was the
cutest thing ever
no don't throw at mommy mommy throw that
I know what I got you I got you and
throw at you again
well it's Mickey mom's hands cold
lungs yuck you don't eat that snow
that's Ben's down for a while yeah you
can only the fresh stuff sorry
Oh what let's go the pike let's see if
there's snow at the park hi Little Miss
Oh
she doesn't love being in her snow suit
she's fine when we're outside but if
she's inside in that snow suit whoa
she hates it cuz you can't really move
around oh I basically ate my way in rice
krispie treats today how you doing
that wasn't a good get away from the
street come on this side of me yeah good
job on that side I'm sure you go to the
park
we've been watching lots of movies
eating lots of popcorn the past day as
we've been home it seemed really nice
actually
I don't know if you can tell it's
breathing her little nose is pink nose
is pink
well it's not too pink yet yeah I don't
think we're laughs out here very long
it's like we're really cold looks like
another storms coming that way and dark
clouds this guy sometimes you out right
I love you little Turkey
I love having four seasons but I'm good
with winter like after week I'm like
okay one with the winter that's all we
need all right head home once there was
no bears no business no bear once there
was just no fair top top job in the Sun
she grew in the Sun she melted smile
it's not smile no beer manikin challenge
now he's still frozen wow he's really
good at this game challenge who's this
know what where's your been going they
might be today today might be tonight 14
15 16 17 18 19 20 filling up with air
whoa this is so weird
we're actually doing it we're actually
doing it I also didn't think this day
would ever come
that we'd ever pull the trigger on bed
but my head and pull the trigger
luckily Sam just did it good deal got it
done with be careful this bed has been
so good to us this nice crib nice
through two and a half years with this
one and now hopefully we get to at least
two two more years out of it with Bella
P I think we can get two more years out
of it it's a good crib and then maybe
even more years out of it what if I
could get all my kids to use the same
kippa this kids just jumping out his
energy so that's good you just keep
jumping and then maybe when it's bedtime
they'll be ready for bed of your crib
bite marks and on your TV
yes our bite marks from baby Noah in
here I'm sure there'll be more bite
marks from baby Penelope know is doing
the splits no that's
Noah has wanted to be a very big help
which has turned out to be so oh my
goodness okay
he's billion himself sometimes being
actor wanting to be a big help isn't
always productive but he's screwing good
job buddy
got it keep going this bed pretty big so
we've got to put it this way long ways
and find a place for this dresser yeah
it's a wood screw there's no holes so I
have to start the whole ya know but he
thinks it's actually going in okay that
did help he's really cute
before this to create you're sweaty yeah
he's in jumpin so mom show me what
you've done that way you show you the
other ones you've done good job oh what
a day what a night well the credits in
here jr. it's in Penelope's room bed the
sheets are little hearts comes like
Mickey Mouse hearts thank you thank you
say goodbye to the mattress say hello to
some memory foam in your crib and then
over here look at this people monumental
this is monumental got the Star Wars
curtain still up Christmas lights
usually turned those off and he was
asleep I think he still needs a little
more like flair have his own we told
that we would take him to the store to
pick out pillows that he wanted so yeah
whether it's frozen star wars sports
wants to put the other bag in his office
no I'm just forgets great idea because
we got booked so we got this was the
thing we got bunk beds Black Friday sale
bunk beds cheaper than the price of one
bed and they're nice so we have a whole
nother bed right there
that we can build but we're not gonna do
bunks right now maybe at some point okay
tada
what do you think what is it awesome
climb up there maybe not with your juice
huh
is this your bed whoa buddy berry lemon
on this berry lemonade whoa can I sit on
it with you Wow
Oh sissy can you close to see what you
what you gave her yeah no it's in C's
bed she's so tired and that is not sleep
in his room Wow yes we go there you sure
dog do ya do you like your bed no it
just gave us all a hug and a pat on the
back and a kiss my mom in there he's
hopping into his bed big boy pants up
your self in
look comfy now I have a kiss I love you
man good love you we're so proud of you
turn the light off looking store checks
over there now okay okay good night I
love you
proud of you Betty
