you
you
you
you are beautiful st. George you are
beautiful but not as beautiful as you we
are currently in the car hey Nana st.
George is such a dork ahead to some
dinner we're going to go out get rigotti
speed said and it's how you pronounce it
two peas in a pod back there no requests
that apps the next in the cart so we're
gonna do that and I'm going to go to the
sake George temple and see the lights
because all the lights are up at the
temples right now so we're really
excited be really fun rachel and
boyfriend are going to meet us down at
the temple lights idea to the pike
eldest and see ya we have four time will
be some febreeze i love angel who's back
thank you there's a yeah we made to
the temple there's literally one time
right now at this casa place yeah
favorite place but it was pretty good
this one's we had together now we're
waiting for rach and the boys rooms for
bathroom don't be so mad um this baby is
finally happy after having a little
milky Oh Malcolm Malcolm Malcolm Malcolm
up she's so tired and uh yes look at the
beautiful nights thank you look down yep
Rachel's going to the temple Thank You
Marie she where is she I step you guys
here you go give her a big hug burn up
there and give her a hug no she's right
through good good good okay go get her
you're a go-getter you kept saying
Rachel's back Rachel's back I was hiking
did you guys find the food the macaran
cheese and they ate out of diner oh you
ate it a diner instead Main Street Oh
yikes easy Jeff or for how many eggs
total or for hikes number how many miles
I let probably a little over six-foot
your arms good job we'll see baby Jesus
not the room just gonna shake baby do
they really do
ultimately what are you doing in color
ink that's this guy
yeah pretty wonder who decorates these
look at huge ornament he's huge okay
please to both love two days okay do
this yeah yeah yes yeah yes yeah oh whoa
whoa ring around the Rosie pocket full
of posies ashes ashes we uh listen like
my mom and my dad's mom dancing together
yeah what is that all right everyone in
the commons is like wow your parents are
awesome yeah yeah yeah yeah
don't break it go sit by 20 G and F app
you might see by the app and thanks for
your lightsabers can you guys stop for
like three seconds at least apprentice
talk to dad I'll miss you too Bella
looks like everyone's ready to go home
for think this one's right here is to
lend to the babies of the world we need
to move on something if I record love
you if I rancor love you love you hi
Bella nephew despite a flood you buy up
love you baby i love you bye bye lupita
lupita lupita
okie dokie toe hello hug King Hippo gia
hug cuz he Bochy had come on thank you
love you a hug bye bye bye bye Bella
beauty love you be nice patient be
patient with my little chicken we don't
use no rotation by the og hey everybody
oh hey he's mine hey that's my man I'm
going with you okay I'll call you every
week wait for your mommy's Robotnik no a
long drive home run our way home we're
on our third movie now a beginning of
the drive it was got started to snow all
the sudden and it was kind of crazy and
it was like traveling at hyper speed
through Star Wars that's what it always
looks like to me and then our car I'll
unlock the achievement of one two three
four five miles I was pretty cool and
now we're sitting here it's 9 14 seconds
like we moved for like a full two
minutes
we're stuck yeah we're just dad stops
from the middle by 15 just stuck between
a bunch of white cars I'm praying the
baby just a tough dude we're gonna we're
gonna be sitting here for however long
and then as soon as we get past whatever
whatever that looks so weird dude
slightly zooming in on my face yeah we
picked up this guy at the gas station
yeah I just stuck out my thumb you know
never underestimate the power of them
David's in the backseat backseat all
right what's up we're gonna get past
this we're gonna get past it and as soon
as we do it's literally gonna be like 90
miles an hour and we'll make it will
make it down yes it's snowing or will
start snowing I mean don't jinx it well
I'm just hoping it's whoa now I'm super
cliquish I say that I'm gonna say this
close and then you're like that I looked
at the map though the radar and it says
there's snow in provo so hopefully by
the time we get there it's all been
cleared up and that we make it home
because it's supposed to snow tomorrow
Noah supposed to snow tomorrow at home
we go sledding or build a snowman do you
wanna build a snowman thinking of you
know speaking of that we're watching
frozen yep third movie we watched well I
haven't I've woods and secretly the pets
monsters University and now present job
which is luck you guys won't have to
endure that and let's see you in me to
join me to film the whole roast the
drive be funny like six hours of just
footage of like just like this hi yes
that'd be terrible I should do that one
time I should have came around for 24
hours one day and just have it be a
24-hour vlog let me insane what is the
problem that
right now is that anything urinate whoa
I think Wow first 24-hour bug that'd be
cool that'd be stabbed cake probably 24
hours to upload it would just be like a
one-take but wow I'm thinking about it
now not right now but I mean like one
day be funny this is a camera like just
dark while I'm asleep car thoughts while
you're stuck in traffic
