okay morning my dad and grandpa and
brother Andrew are on their way up right
now I'm not sure how far they are I
haven't talked to them but we have
enough for the past couple hours we have
been sleeping really well actually it's
been kind of cold but they've been
sleeping she doesn't wake up once still
and no one hasn't been waking up at all
which is excellent oh it smells up in
here my mom's making orange rolls
tomorrow
pumpkin sorry pumpkin rolls in my
croissant rolls inside it's not that
croissants but it's like something
butter and deliciousness baby to sleep
and when you wake up more family will be
here do we look like mother and daughter
you do you look more like mother and
daughter than when you look like the
other it was like this people think that
I'm the nanny of her or baby but then
she's bigger than any of me yeah yeah
now who looks like you yeah thank
goodness
somebody looks like me we should find a
baby picture of you your nose a little
bit more button than hers Jenny woke me
up in the middle of REM cycle you know
that means I'm gonna terrible time
waiting now say see my just letting you
know that I'm putting her to sleep no
it's cool I should probably wake up
watching rain again Noah passed out like
like right after Sam left
I like pass out with the episode playing
like I woke up at like 5:00 with it on
my lap on my lap still like well you
just kept cycling through episodes I was
like I gotta find our dad baby sleepy
what time is the rest of the Brady Bunch
in here I don't know okay Suzy
I'm so glad I packed this suit because I
set up the colder than I thought it
would be
Wow valid defense oh there's full of
leaves which is kind of annoying cuz the
Sears won't eat them we left as you
can't grab him down deep down deep aren
t you guys see ya see ya
see mm ooh she said she wasn't outside
at all yesterday still she's very happy
to be outside today so my dad and
grandparents and Andrew were supposed to
be here like three hours ago
something big hit traffic and had issues
with rental car stuff so yeah they're
still not here then Rachel and her
boyfriend Tyler speed here really soon
they weren't slow spirit I think this
was for like three here's something that
I'm not really sure I'm just really
excited I would be he reaches here he's
gonna say hi Jenn Devine that's paper
look here
yeah okay ready open your eyes in the
dark in the dark you can see them three
four generations
that's good grandpa Bello
you say Bello yeah
you see Bella there's a lot over there
say hi to Bella Bella I love you I miss
you Bella
see you again this year fun Thanksgiving
huh do you guys go to would you
yesterday your name oh no I know what
you for Thanksgiving yesterday well it's
been a while since I've been on a camera
from this angle I brought it for us so
every year we we bring Dan in real life
and we watch it for Thanksgiving or
Christmas depending on where our family
is this year so this year we're
or Thanksgivings from watching dan in
real life we watch it every single year
this is all right this is our holiday
movie this is PJ in case you don't know
where this is go back around it's weird
being on this side of the camera again
huh this is mother we gonna ham in
Turkey I'm gonna Turkey
so yesterday Thanksgiving yesterday for
Thanksgiving I my dad and I couldn't get
up here with the rest of the fam so we
had to throw it on my dad's wife's
family and it was last one it was great
we had a great time but but it didn't
quite feel like Thanksgiving and I guess
because I wasn't with the family and so
today surprisingly it feels well
tomorrow probably will tomorrow is
probably more like Thanksgiving because
I'll have the whole day he left really
late this morning we left at 8:00 this
morning I hear at 3:00 it was a terrible
terribly long drive hey girl hey girl
so today doesn't feel like Thanksgiving
I'm hoping tomorrow feels like
Thanksgiving should be Saturday I'm so
hoping Saturday feels like Thanksgiving
because yesterday didn't and I was
bummed I just felt like I ate a fancy
dinner you know I just felt like how was
your guys's Thanksgiving was it good I
hope it was good so tomorrow is honorary
Thanksgiving in honor of Minnie I'm just
kidding
so what was I thankful for this year I
have a lot to be grateful for this year
it was a great year the last year and a
half was a great year in the last two
years were really great years this year
was great because I've met some really
good work partners and in LA I'm an
actor and I live in LA and I got a
manager and I've built all my tools so
that I can get ready for pilot season
and I'm very grateful for that I have a
job you know a day job that gets me by
until I'm acting
time so I'm grateful for that got a
really awesome apartment with a great
roommate grateful for that what are some
of the things you're grateful for Sam
like a family cutter what are some of
the things you're grateful for I'm
grateful for this girl right here I love
you wait wait wait um we did you make so
much make sure there's nothing in my
hands okay okay don't worry this isn't
rigged at all which everyone okay let
Andrew dry now okay well I can't you
drop that rock for me no rock for me
give it to me any news
did I get I have last year's listing
let's think Noah he did that for you
she got Anika yay no you got me here
mommy / mommy picked a mom is your
moment down which one pick that one okay
wait mommy looks at it I saw your name
in there okay okay again no 3dr here
then my choices taller I have Paulin me
okay going for a little night walk this
everyone she likes being outside stop
crying when she's outside don't hit the
ground no you're gonna break no hate
Matt and salmon the baby are coming we
are currently at Walmart my brothers are
so we're home any place in the only
place in hurricane and we're gonna do a
little Black Friday fun babies JD hey no
wait I actually need to come look at all
the toys even though I'm just buying the
kids toys did you get the table for him
yeah you know Matthew I'm filming he
lifted his leg important to my siblings
are so gross
oh boy I can't I put it up when I can't
deal with it
follow it's used yeah I know sure I
think so that's what I need in pieces I
kind of randomly like these ones this
little Christmas stream like the top but
they're white so they'll get dirty
oh those are cute but nice up reindeer
that all those ones are rings you know
can we get matching ones do you want to
I'll get that are so cute so Rachel and
I were talking about grandma tonight but
she came out with her jammies and she
just has got new Gimlin a very long time
I mean Rachel are gonna get her a little
Christmas present
they're really soft I mean she really
wanted she really loves lavender on her
skin tone she said said lavenders my
color but these are cute I think she'll
like I'm hopefully they said her cousin
are too big I don't know
they're so cute and I may have gotten
this and it lights up this to match
stamps I love it it's so cute they're
like let's show what's you like
I like the best lighter
look at this guy's
give them the other deck that you got
that's awesome that's Sam's no one's
gonna love it
