oh that was terrifying she's probably
gonna sit there all day she left the
tree no I love that you do when he was
little but she loves it it's your first
holiday season oh I do love the trees
that's for a jingle that la sant√© good
morning it's Tuesday
El Padrino is coming to town it's a fun
day also can I be only woke up once last
night that was a good night what happens
again tonight I eat Oh
got the whole family here what are you
doing you want to say what's up do you
love this time of year no why why do you
love this time of year what's your
favorite thing garbage trucks that like
year round though such giving loving
moods and it's just so 5:00 mm-hmm I
talked about it in a previous vlog I
love them people like bring down their
barriers and sometimes even like your
friends and family you know they don't
bring down their barrier every single
day but for the holidays everyone loves
each other and it's beautiful it's a
wonderful thing
shout out to hallmark signature for
sponsoring today's video we're very
excited to share some of our favorite
cards with friends today I think it was
for Mother's Day we shared some Hallmark
signature cards they are the most
beautiful cards ever I'm even more
impressed with the holiday cards they
are beautiful they're really
one-of-a-kind and for the people in your
life that are anything but ordinary
this card I chose my friend Tara I just
run my personality it's really fun and
cute and colorful and that's how
she is she is so positive and bubbly in
French were actually surprised me I love
her so much than meeting all the time
and she is so positive and I need that
positivity in my life and I just find
that trait like so special and so that's
why we picked this card for David
because we felt like it fit his
personality but hey you guys I feel like
never in our lives we've had to count on
family more than this year and David's
our only family that lives close to us
so David's really was there for us this
year when we needed someone to talk to
we could always count on him he's very
loving to us I think we've always gotten
along really well and he's always been
super like a special person to me
not only just because we're related but
he's just always been a good friend and
brother to me this card I chose my
friend Rachel Ivan Rachel a long time we
went to school together my utah's estate
and she has been such a good friend to
me and the whole way through she is what
the person who he can always count on
she's always there at the drop of a hat
if I need her to watch my kids if I need
her to come help me with something
she is she is that person that will like
help anyone around her and everyone
around her she loves to serve people and
that is such a special quality to have I
just love her so much she was so happy
and positive and such a great friend to
me this card right here is definitely
Dejan it's got the gold the white he
loves that he wears that dad's
definitely a good friend to me he we've
had our like moments none too serious
but he always reminds me of like what's
important in life
he always lifts me back up I think we've
had a couple of bites like that serious
but
the end of the day he's like dude you're
my brother and forgetting my brother too
and then we hug it out and that's really
important to me and so this card is for
him he's definitely an important special
person in my life and I appreciate
everything he's done for me this year we
chose this card for Trish's family
because it is though it's a favorite
card Trisha is Thao Totti yeah I was
best friend yeah yes and this was an
absolute favorite part cause he's
obsessed with trains and Santa right now
was very fitting that we give this one
to them because they are his favorite
people because it seems like at the drop
of a just whatever a text a phone call
we can get together have good times it's
always good times to get there
they've always been there for us and
we're super grateful for their
friendship when we're neighbors they
always get to us and that continued even
though we're not next to each other
they're so pretty they're pretty
important to us in our lives for sure
and and to know what his tale is his
metal friend
you can find these hallmark signature
cards and any aisle where they sell
Hallmark cards so if you're the store
keep your eyes up and form I'm gonna
post a link in the description where you
can find the nearest Hallmark store near
you go ahead and click on that they'll
help you get there
I love these cards or the perfect thing
for the holidays what did you grab
peppers peppers ah thank you
how'd you know I love peppers it was
really fun giving cards to everyone I
loved I just made it me it made me so
happy
I loved all of this so Noah who's in
town today who's behind us in their car
hi Alex
and where are we gonna go do right now
jump we went to the jump place ready go
the trampoline place and jump and have
some fun we just got smoothies the girl
working the register
she was super busy but she said she
watches the vlogs I'm sorry I didn't get
your name Hey and the guy that's early
in a battle with these other little boys
is so funny
they were daddy-o good job no one can
Alex this little girls just standing the
whole time I'm gonna crawl down
your daddy
the ropes
this girl loves the trampolines I give
you love gymnast give me love gymnast
baby yeah
oh boy what are you trying to do
oh that was terrifying
if there's one thing every vlog needs it
is more the Princess Pea curly care
curly coos ooh I wish her hair would
stay this curly dry how much I would
love her hair curled look it did here
you love development oh she loves the
bath
it's your favorite time of the day she
was trying to be a big kid and jump at
the jumper zone are you excited for
Thanksgiving yeah one good picture I
just took you'll you'll get this because
it's a family inside joke just now watch
well I know a family inside joke related
to Thanksgiving oh you are the cutest oh
whoa oh oh this is pretty much what her
phones look like twenty pictures of each
kid my phone is basically just thousands
of pictures of our children yes and like
no pictures of me very few pictures of
us together yeah I think more pictures
together we just are always taking a
picture of each other or mainly the kids
so tomorrow where are we going you're
going down to biz my family for
Thanksgiving we're really excited my mom
is already there in my sister-in-law and
so we're gonna meet up with them and
have a party and then the rest of my
family arrives Friday so I always love
when Jen's grandparents come too oh I
forgot to show you something look what
finally came in the milk got my word
would see I got it fitted and I got it a
little bigger than it probably is right
now with my haircut cuz well I was
trying on hats the other day when my
hair is pretty long and this one's a
little loose right now but can you see
that I see can you see that right there
well it's serious champions can you
believe it guys I'm still not over it I
really haven't bought a lot of Cubs
World Series stuff yet I bought this and
then my mom got me a shirt and I bought
two pennants one's gonna go up on my
wall and then the other one I'm gonna
put my grandpa's grave tomorrow bleeding
but I confirmed
since you guys think what the heck
say good night mate get anything huh I
love you all right I'm gonna end the
vlog it's been a good time tomorrow we
travel down to see family I know we'll
have lots of fun footage for you guys
Jen's family it was crazy that's fun a
little bit crazy
hey we all we all got a little bit of
craziness hope you guys enjoyed today's
but and happy all this travel safe if
you're going anywhere and eat lots of
Turkey let's see you guys tomorrow it's
daddy she's like what oh oh this is
exactly how it's been huge
yeah it's too much she's even older than
no one else they know is only six months
okay you ready we're gonna put the
Christmas tree up tonight
