hello there seneca vlogs how are you
doing tonight
don't you know tonight is magical
it's a night we put up the Christmas
tree isn't that wonderful what do you
think my beard
it's that time of year people the
holidays what are you getting for the
guy in your life your dad your brother
cousin your nephew well depends how old
your nephew is your husband your
boyfriend I have like a two-year street
going right now of giving Harry's to at
least one or two people last year I put
it in everyone's stocking all the guys
and gave it to some of the girls too but
this is always one of my recommendations
if you're having a hard time finding a
gift for someone
Harry's it was just delivered to my
mailbox I would just went and grabbed it
I'm gonna do a quick unboxing for you
guys this is how I roll out anything
there we go so shipped in this box and
if this beautiful Harry's shave set
which you could wrap and give to someone
so Harry's was started by two brothers
that wanted to hook people up with a
better shave at a better price and I
stand by it
let's open it up I actually don't have
this pin the razor blade it's like a
blue chrome it's like I'm on like a
shopping never here right now did I do
my nails my nails look good oh my
goodness look at this close up okay each
blade each or a razor I should say has
five blades there german-engineered I
think this set comes with this box is
different to like that so you got some
reflows I love the way it's displayed to
make something super nice there's like a
travel case or just like in your
bathroom you can put the right amount
that's what I usually do some
instructions and different pain points
that are beautiful yeah and then there's
shave cream you can get a foam I like
both so the cream things I love most is
definitely the packaging it presents
itself super nice if you're giving this
as a gift it's one of those gifts that
you like
that cost them like $100 because it
looks very nice and thoughtful I also
love how durable it is my skin's pretty
sensitive but this has made it super
easy for me and not cause so much of
your tation the number one thing I love
about Harry's is the smell of their
shaving cream and shaving foam I just I
love the smell I think that's super
important especially if you have a close
one
it gets really close to you good how do
I describe it it smells like me it's
almost like a peppermint tea
I just think it smells sophisticated and
nice I guarantee that if I go should
know on my face I know Stacy hey Noah
who do I look like Santa do it don't
touch it okay oh good
I can't just come back close without
game easy love I told you guys okay so
this is kind of dangerous it's for
adults adults do you see how there's
hair shave the hair off so if you're
looking for a gift for someone for
yourself if you act now before December
8th and get free shipping I'm gonna put
a link in the description to this
holiday hair reset use the coupon code
sama Cuddy at five dollars off I think
the set cost $30 so you get 425
there's also sets on there that are
about $15 use the coupon codes Amoco if
it's your first time if I about five
dollars off that's $10 for a nice gift
for someone go check it out now it's not
for us to go decorate the Christmas tree
don't you know tonight is magical it's a
night we put up the Christmas tree isn't
that wonderful
hey come here would you like to be a son
what do you think you might be
it's daddy I just presented we tricked
you I'm just pretending it's daddy
behaves you in that suit laughter -
Thomas I am Santa not the real Santa
this is the wannabe Santa I told you I
told you - I love Santa
yeah so tell me well okay know what look
good you try to hold its daddies like
what oh oh this is exactly how nobody's
been huge yeah it's too much she's even
older than no one else oh I think I was
only six months okay you ready we're
gonna put the Christmas tree up tonight
you're bad and I'm telling you why yeah
can I put it in order bottom to top okay
wait wait that one that one goes on last
baby yeah let's put the bottom and then
we'll figure out where we exactly want
it to be placed well not not yet that
goes on top baby I get screwed in right
like the bottom part screws are opens or
something
or not good shot
we're currently putting the Christmas
tree up and Noah would thought would be
very into it but he doesn't want the
unfortunate you just wants to Jesus
wants to do that the ornaments the
decoration part which as a kid to me
this is the better fact this was the
boring part cuz I got we would usually
buy a Christmas tree well that was fun
that was fun
what are your parents would put it up
and then the best part is the ornaments
there really is it really is that's
right
ah the worst part is shooting and
fluffing the tree post in the comments
this year or normally do you usually
have a fake tree or a real tree Jenna
and I are both friends fans of real
trees we have just stuck with these fake
trees so far actually no I don't think
it you didn't want to get everyone I
know I did yeah with you something with
me so she's a real treat no because not
this year we're not gonna be here I
would think I would show that I want a
real tree this year
stop it I would have gotten a real tree
if we were home this year for sure I
gotta help juice the tree okay do you
know what you're holding there what is
it is there snowman do you know what
these are called these are called
ornaments so what do we do with the
ornament do you know where does it go on
the tree how did you know that who
taught you that
that's a trick question I think you just
learned this mommy taught you okay so in
order to put it on the tree we have to
hook it onto this hook yeah or else it
won't go on the tree can I show you how
it's done we have to do is have it go in
there right so we put it on and then
what we do is we take the hook and we
hook it onto the tree is that cool so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna light
up the tree and then we'll put all the
ornaments on okay got a Christmas music
on let's see did you know in 2008 the
best-selling Christmas gift was Elmo
live a talking version of the beloved
Sesame Street doll I always loved I
guess autumn a the fad gifts of
Christmas one year is Tickle Me Elmo
that was like the hardest thing to get
if you've seen the movie jingle all the
way that's kidding Furby was a hard one
to get Nintendo 64 was super hard Xbox
360 was hard to get my mom got me that
one near it was amazing the Wii was hard
to get there's always a gift that is so
hard to get for you parents out there or
people what is it this year in my I
think it's the NES like the mini the
classic oh yeah I think that's the hard
one to get that everyone's trying to get
I try to get one sold out instantly my
brother-in-law got one but he had to
camp out of like 4 a.m. for one so what
is it this year what do you guys think
okay we're getting the tree all nice and
we got to be careful I forgot to in
picked up all these Star Wars ones when
you're in Chicago you got all these -
yeah yeah okay I forgot we had all these
we just kind of add-on every year
oh my goodness every year see your Miss
America sissy you're missing out come on
get over here you little Explorer where
are you going you coming up the stairs
which ornament is that one baby Santa
undo we have it low on the tree so that
way if someone's had to put the presents
under the tree be here at jingle my
family we always had one get it open up
the little ribbon there you go good
perfect what do you think I'll fix it
later but that's talking on the tree
nothing with no oh this is mine yeah I
forgot Jen nato's these pieces I didn't
I need to make them for PJ though these
are amazing they're hard to make I
forgot about that
oh my favorite little guy okay this guy
scheme looks so good buddy I love it no
are you having fun buddy I'm so excited
oh you have an angel if I had to make a
top five favorite days of the year this
would be like three four or five it's
hard to drink but it's definitely up
there most important one we're already
starting to stream this last year yes me
too
this room is so much better too because
it's more uh another strange okay this
room is so much better because it's like
a square you know and it's not I don't
know a lot the last room didn't work as
well I feel like
I don't know anyway I'm so excited
perfect don't worry no more we're done
Wow babe that was amazing it's perfect
it's perfect
oh my god it looks so good so much more
than last remember last year's just kind
of wonky oh I do too but this looks so
beautiful it's rather like Joe's like oh
my gosh this makes me so happy I could
cry you guys it looks so cozy oh I love
it so much do you love it what do you
think - mommy did you remember we did
this last year I love it so much good
job babe you did that really good do you
work and our crooked angel love it
