so you're a good bag oh wait what wait
what about how are we missing sissy
group hug group hug Susie's Oh goodbye
oh I love my family well I just at
church because you know i'm really hard
on myself being a mother everyone
hey guys happy weekend no I was trying
to book pumpkin with a key and then Sam
gave him an actual tool to little
pumpkin except I've been holding the
pumpkin while he uses his hands so he
doesn't get himself hurt yeah yeah yeah
I'm fine ah that was so creepy and I was
so creepy see I'm feeling a little
better we're gonna be getting rid of the
pumpkins anyway cuz we want we really
want to decorate for Christmas so I'm
excited about that we do want to get a
carpet cleaner ocean we used at our last
place no fight ever like Clark yeah it's
true we said if he poops in a potty can
have a Batman car but he hasn't pooped
in the potty I'm wait till after the
holidays after we're done traveling and
all times everything and then you have a
little break before we're on an airplane
with someone potty training because
that's kind of scary for me and Sam
right yeah losing Noah
get a girl come on you got you need to
get harder look how hard that girl
shakin good Debbie buddies Aoife shake
your booty this is currently happening
in our living room I really wanted your
carpet terrible carpet renting houses
part qualified yes carpets get dirty
very quickly when you have children and
and me here and when carpets are just we
just don't like carpet in living rooms
this is terrible so Sam was so nice and
went out and got
well baby I'm not sure if we got a good
before but this is super clean now those
little dark patches are just areas where
it's kind of a little bit more wet but
actually picked up all the dirt and
spots and I'm happy it worked oh do you
do that why hear it I hear I hear
something I think it's in my drawer Hey
look yeah what do you think it is is it
a rodent is it a fantastic creature yeah
or beast I mean wow let me see he almost
got out it even really sucks for flying
out oh my god that's he did you hear
that open it hello hello wait so okay
shut our house I just asked Noah I
thought he was gonna say I'm not gonna
say i'll say what after but I said who's
your best friend mommy and then they
gave each other big hugs and kisses and
to be honest this is like something that
Jen's kind of had our time with slightly
because she feels like Noah a goodbye Oh
wait what wait what about how are we
missing sissy group hug group hug Suzie
oh oh I love my family wow so they had a
little moment and hugs and kisses and
jenna's about to cry when she came in
was great that's ok cuz what happened
today what you do well I just at church
because you know i'm really hard on
myself being a mother everywhere
tiresome but me know what I really both
our patient people we both have oh we
just butt heads a little bit more than
Salmonella and so I was just really
today I love you I just want to know to
know that I love them so much yeah so at
church today you prayed that you'd have
filled have a moment like this hahaha
and couple hours later there it is and
then I asked him I was like I'd really
didn't feel left out but I wanted to see
what he could say so I was like who's
your other best friend he's like Daddy
in mini Amy ugh I was like and who's
your other best friends that Susie's a
banoffee oh that is like that is
probably like top that was like tacos on
my year oh hey know what I have a
question for you do you love being in
their family what's your last name
what's your last name do you remember
yeah was it Henderson you said yes mommy
I see ya and what about you you what's
your name yo like that boy no a doctor
no a doctor no Anderson shit hey if you
wanna marry doctor that's fine yeah Oh
dr. Noah oh it's cuz he watched his and
Penelope's birth luck this week and what
did you think of the birth blog were you
kind of surprised we kind of like what
were your thoughts
ICC my bed that's it yeah you already
get to see red he was like well what
just happened likewise sissy look like
that why does know how like cuz you know
newborn baby is kind of crazy so anyways
tender moments here at home moment to
pray moments you pray for our moments
you need moment you hope for we love
these kiddos her mouth at your mom when
I put in your mouth you already ate it
doing this one did you sigh Oh Penelope
really does look Noah yeah like she as
much as he usually loves him like every
time she sees no more so than eyes she
just wants to like crawl to him and like
I'm player though so cute no it's a cat
right now it's like she looked she does
love him more than she's terrified but
there's someone with or she's like I'm
terrified a new child no to hold it here
put it right here so she can pick it up
herself how do youtubers make money we
have almost flogged for three years
three years we're about to hit three
years we are like six vlogs away from
1000 so if you guys haven't said yet one
of your favorite moments from San Mecca
blogs history please comment in this
video and also if you can you don't have
to but if you can put the link to that
blog below as well because I want to
make a thousand blog compliation
extraordinaire anyways this is like a
super busy time for us as bloggers cuz
like we don't have like the biggest vlog
ever as far as subscribers and views go
you know let's say we were like getting
hundreds of thousands of views or even
just hundred that 100,000 views whatever
like that alone in views would be enough
money to support our family and more you
know
like that would be amazing right but in
order to support our family off of doing
YouTube and being our own creators and
everything else we do we have to do
bright deals you know that's like one of
the main ways we make money so this is a
really busy time for us because we're
working on brand deals all the brands
want to work with people during you know
november december and some insight on
what happens with us like we probably
get an email every single day of some
brand or company that wants to work with
us the thing that i've always tried to
stay true to is like we want to work
with brands that we love items that we
love products that we love and I feel
like to this point like we totally have
because we're pretty selective and
choose Ian like we can do a brand deal
every single day and make so much more
money but like that's not always fun and
a lot of you guys don't like Brandon's
but when we do do them which is
something that's critical to us being
able to do this for a living we always
pick the brands that we really like and
love so this weekend we worked hard on a
video why yeah hey you two oh the card
hey so I have to edit one of these
videos tonight anyways it's been a
really busy time for us on Instagram and
I just I don't know I feel like you guys
are probably good you should have messed
up there's stuff that you're not allowed
to say that by contract you're now I'd
like share with anyone about the brand
deals you work on but I'm really excited
about the company's we're working with
so that is kind of like what we worked
on today I want to make brain deals even
more fun when we do do them because they
know we usually try and do like one or
two or three
usually kind of like one or two and
that's how we get by so really excited
about the companies were working with if
you guys have any questions like other
questions about that you can post in the
comments if you guys watched casey nine
stats vlog recently he's done vlogging
daily and I say to Jen all the time like
we're not going to vlog forever like we
are loving doing this but I want to
continue to educate myself and learn new
skills and you know working with
companies is definitely a way that I
feel like professionally I continue to
get better as a person you know it's
like something for the resume like I
worked with this company and made this
cool video so going forward I'd really
like to make higher quality like brand
deals and videos in general it won't be
every single day that we have like a
super high quality video but it's
definitely something that I'm I'm trying
to learn more about and just be good at
you know so just there's a couple things
that I have been working and thinking on
lately the whole process can take a
really long time sometimes actually if
anyways if you have any questions
