it was so good
oh dear love you like you're my own I
hope this birthday is great hags and
hagwon have a great winter love you Sam
good old rotisserie chicken solo okay
did you all the pictures you needed
everyone fighting me different well Sam
bought you an excellent present I will
be every birthday boy and also I feel my
camera is messed up are you making what
we made sure to buy two colors I would
look pretty when they mixed Sam's
working he was able to come at it
downstairs so I could sleep downstairs
on the couch faces chimica nap cat cats
might take these two kids to get out of
the house for a minute over to hobby
lobby and look at all the Christmas
decorations because I'm sure it's all up
by now we have the best Christmas
decorations I love it and get some
ornaments or something I'm not really
sure we're planning on decorating the
tree tomorrow so that way it's set up
and we get back right are we I said the
Christmas tree the tradition continues
every year we pick out an ornament um
have we picked him up for each other
yeah usually I usually not for each
other last year thing we just pick some
out Oh each one which one this one wow
this one blah not buy this one yes oh
yeah this one's cute you like that one
the bat there are a lot of baseball one
is that the one you want no one this
year Joey I put them on the back but
Noah 2016 hold on to and don't drop or a
little break okay there's a very dad
ornament I came I thought i fixed it Oh
little baby yeah let's get a baby's
first Christmas one oh my god that's
cute which one do you like oh that's one
of the duties you see that one's pretty
soon as you get this one this is a year
this mean since 2016 I like that one
better that we get off so we could
always put on it in the back or
something bad bring you this one
persists for a dismiss yeah what's up
right what is there oh I love this
little ice cream cone no I'm so cute now
the popcorn so cute too I think we both
know you get popcorn for me and yours
love with pop point that's a cute
basketball one raises only mmm there's a
lot wow it's cool look at the donut one
you too oh it's squishy wow that threw
me off damn legs all the way of course
look how cute this little octopus is oh
I love these fat ones ah nothing to get
this for Christie's stocking sounds cute
I can't get it off oh we're goes I'm
birla ma who members last year when I
dropped an ornament and it was and it
shattered everywhere wester yeah it was
last year I think their stuff these are
just hilarious bedazzled dogs so you
just sit on the ice cream cone yes ice
cream cone but this is a family one I
decide Emily one little ginger come you
don't you want an investment actual
manger scene but we don't have a place
for it right now I don't want to get
broken I should just hit the little
people manger scene that'd be good not
everything that would be fun actually
the one I'm selecting a Yeti Yeti or
Apple or what they call it Obama no
snowman so speaking that I sure I car
looks just like it looked like it was
gonna get glued back together oh I don't
have any more Gettys course as though
you think yeah oh wow a succulent cuz
those are so popular is here yeah babe
Wow whoop so we've decided that tomorrow
we're gonna clean our carpets and then
put the Christmas tree oh wow look at
that sparkly dinosaur all those ass
whores are so cool look at the little
astronaut up there froggy real travelers
out there yeah babe Wow there is a
football one isn't there oh wow that
one's beautiful tryna get this one I
love it but I wish I wish you didn't
look so discolored okay maybe i'll just
order Cubs won yeah that's too bad
specialty does yeah Joey bug sent me a
link to make Macy's has a lot of cub
ones that are really cute
now and you and for also some examples
are having a baby we're so so so
excited they actually told us weeks ago
and I felt so special loved it me and
Joey we talk we chat a lot love her love
you Joey so excited who says ho ho ho no
laughs no that was Santa oh yeah thnkx
we finally decided on a cute little
angel it's pretty it's not like crazy we
like it that's one big house in order to
hang this wreath do you guys can you see
how big that wreath is Sam stand next to
that wreath that's sure you will make it
look small but it's huge it's huge that
wreath is huge she's done she's like
give me on my chair mom Amy idea to me
out of here what will it be a schwartz
this would cost like five hundred
dollars in here tonight seriously
attacked by a lion we leavin soon here
the thumbnail now whoa oh my word
without freak sissy out hey what did you
hear what did you hear Penelope say you
officially hurt herself watch let's say
if she does it again sammy Sheba they
just walked around the corner just start
leaving uh oh oh who's leaving
uh-uh no hey who is that she's not
saying it wow she's a coma she was like
she really did kids like my mom like how
cute these little my mom um that was the
best thing I've heard look how cute
these little babies are my little
blondie any picture my little brownie
she gave you kisses then you say oh
there you are yeah there's so many good
dance moves do today I think you need to
joining in hip-hop class should we put
no in the hip-hop class oh this is
hilarious no you do this one I'll do
other ok hit stick it wow I come
downstairs after putting the kids to
sleep and the toys are picked up which I
just noticed thank you David he started
unloading my dishwasher and then he's
gonna reload my dishwasher I mean if
you're really feeling good just like
take care of everything just kidding Oh
got a poopy he came he used my nice and
sitting on our couch but really I mean
it's a win-win situation he gets pizza
and on demand so I'm not like 17 people
come in as soon as you guys close that
garage he doesn't really hey general
that many bday he doesn't know that
anyway we're hoping know it falls asleep
quick because our movie starts in about
a half an hour have fun Dave love ya
it's so great just like sitting here
talk to myself my head here and you talk
to yourself over there out loud and
you're just walking around your room
doing this and i got from one hand to
clean up it's so great why are you so
great is so great looking so
great also if you want to exactly
worried
you did a tour of this new apartment I
was it's a it's actually not as fancy as
I thought it was not gonna be yeah
thanks for cleaning up for me love ya
thanks for watching my kids love ya free
I'm a paying any your mom left I'm just
gonna head in where it doesn't bruise
okay the channel simply said please
leave that end add some like some racy
culture to these vlogs I know I'm saying
herself you're such a chalk okay we're
on our we were having a date night Sam
surprises like let's go to movie I was
like okay so we got David to come over I
talked about that already showed him
he's currently holding a crying Noah
hopefully he and hillside situation well
and we're in class of fun
oh my gosh i love that movie was so good
i loved it like I love that movie yeah
it was amazing it was honestly like oh
it's like it so much I'm so happy though
we have it's like the magic isn't
opening that movie just oh my god cuz
obviously you love the characters in the
original Harry Potter movies yes we need
Oh characters for us to LA oh my gosh
and it just like it was the perfect it
you know sometimes you worry about
things detracting from how you felt
about Hugh Potter but that just added
yeah I was just that added to my love
for the wizarding world and I was like
I'm just like counting down the days to
when she announces that she wrote about
the American Wizarding World okay that's
why she has to ride about the American
was doing world now oh there's more
stories for us guys don't want to give
anything away so I'm not going to cuz
the movie just came out but giving this
isn't giving it away it takes place in
the midst it's pretty awesome yes it
does and it was so fun and all the
characters were so fun and this is the
whole story was awesome I didn't read
the she actually wrote like the book for
that like about all the creatures I
think it's just like I've got those sure
one super she's like an index yeah call
it we will know that way through this
books returned oh it was just so good if
you I mean if you're a harry potter Bob
image or not it was your night every
part i mean like but you'll you'll
appreciate it more if you are I there's
some people I probably won't like it but
that was great
everything was amazing and Eddie what's
his last looks the same Eddie whatever
fact my nectar these are so great I
probably would so oh but the booking one
of my favorite things though is that
they don't call an America they don't
use muggle they use no man Joe match
they say they calm no matches which was
like whoa and nomads there was very I
mean just a couple times where they you
know inserted the previous Harry Potter
yes but like it was it was ever so cool
oh gosh I could watch it right now again
like I could watch it again tomorrow why
should you like repeating movies yeah
Val very much of the world oh my gosh I
totally good it was so good I kept
thinking like I loved the show Breaking
Bad and better call Saul is a great
other strings benefits spin off of it it
was kind of like that only I thought
this wasn't even better spent on yes it
was amazing sent off the whole story it
was me more too so I magic doesn't end
guys now we're gonna go home and get in
bed because um I'm in so much pain I am
and so I said I'm trying to feel it too
and my buddy Kevin I was about last
night was sick oh so now it's like we're
going to did with another sickness I'm
like it was really fun such a good for
go see it thanks red in my hand during a
movie good oh I love everybody now I
want to reread all the books I just came
home to the cleanest house ever whoa you
even swept yeah oh my gosh oh my gosh
David I could cry you don't know how
stressed i was about having to clean my
entire house this weekend before we go
out of town so he comes over to Baeza
and he cleans my house that's love guys
that's love that is love I pizzas it
wasn't even worth pizza he did way more
than the pizza was worth and he even let
me the Stormtrooper phone sure
you're such a dork i love it that just
helped me so much i love you i love you
you're the best brother ever leaves a
brother like that cleans and babysits
I'll have pumpkin pie for you next week
and I will personally no personally
chauffeur you to hurricane okay that's
what we're calling it a night it was so
fun have a late hopefully hopefully
we're healthy because did I want to give
this to any of our any of my family so
or baby right girl I would be terrible
here's a cold right now everyone's
getting sick anyway we had a great night
I hope you guys have a fun weekend
remember right now because I'm looking
at how they spell no match and in 2015
last year late keynotes and how that how
that like what they call American models
i remember eating that oh really great
time great times great 30 time go see it
cuz uh when we buying it love it hi
ok
