ready said let's see what is it is it a
boy or girl hmm
you have to twist it really hard there's
some more faulty I've seen lots of
people do these people use these and
they never get it bother you I was like
all right now that's cute I'll just try
to shoot two I'll just keep up and while
you take pictures let me okay let me try
one we've got a lot so ready yeah this
is I got this yeah oh yeah I got this
it's hard to grip I know once you get it
you're good and it's so cute
Wow you're gonna do it oh you just
opened it okay throw it in the air
I'm taking all my heart
oh you little rascals welcome to another
vlog now you know it's a boy you guys
don't have to hate me any longer I
actually didn't intentionally do that
just to make things clear to a lot of
our vlogs that include like pregnancy
stuff aren't even monetized from the
beginning so it's not like we're even
making money off of it really I just had
30 minutes of extra footage and I was
rushed on time so I was like at least
I'm gonna post something today but
welcome we're having a boy and we might
even have a name I have a name that I
like but then I found out it's one of
the more popular names out there I came
up with the name first did you yes I was
first to just tell you that name but it
is it means not like that common but
it's not not common but Noah's very
common so doesn't matter
stuff they're not in the top which is
nice but there's a few in our area
that's okay it's really cute I like it
it'll probably it all probably his name
honestly I think so
you don't think so all the other names
that come up with Noah Sam just like
shuts down so he's gonna come up with
some okay PJ no no no leave that baby
Oh my mom taught her how to do this oh
no and now she doesn't stop PJ oh no all
right so as you can tell Katelyn and
Brandon are not here they're supposed to
come a couple days ago but we were
worried with PJ having ham foot mouth we
should want to get a wrists with Kaitlyn
and Brandon coming but I was worried
about Noah getting it and then they got
a fever he's feeling fine now but I
won't be surprised if some little dots
pop up on his hands and feet pretty soon
but so far he's feeling better so that's
good the fevers only last a few hours
and then they're fine which is crazy
we'll see if you get spots PJ's have a
mouth was a very mild case which was
great so I'm hoping the same for Noah
I'm hoping he was even get spots a
little too close you got moving back for
there ask you so a couple days later how
do you feel about getting another
brother good Oh first brother I guess
hey guys oh my goodness look in the air
over there hot-air balloon I don't know
I think he's just flying around you want
to go in one of those we had been
looking forward to this weekend for a
long time because we had planned a bunch
of activities we're super excited to do
them and then PJ gets that we identify
what it is with my sister because Pippa
had it at one point and when that
happened my sister who was then pregnant
Lindsay missed out on something because
she was afraid of getting the baby sick
so then we're like panicking because
we're like well Jen could get sick and
then something could happen to the baby
long story short we didn't want to
Caitlin to be at risk we researched it
online and they said that the chance of
an adult getting it is very very slim
that it typically does not affect adults
because your immune system is strong
enough but we just didn't want to take
that risk with Caitlyn especially
because they've been so through so much
well and Jen said Michelle Pearson got
it when she was pregnant and they were
like well Jen is pregnant and what she's
been laying next to PJ and this and that
so you're getting all nervous we've been
doing everything to monitor everything
for through it hopefully right we're
still not going near kids right a park
right now but there's no one near it
runs up the other Park I don't think
this one sees that often
so kind of a bummer but it's really best
we don't want to risk it
how's it in that tunnel can you see me
hello everybody
sir excuse me there yeah you are so high
let me see him
mhm so creepy
no let me see your guys this this creepy
people its stormtrooper here yeah what's
up UGA hey what up
I'm hanging out with know what what he's
the glue dog Tim what's up hey hey
what's up dab on the mater's peace dad
peace dad what you doing save me sweetie
