he left when you fell asleep
what's outside whoo it is no it's not
last night isn't it so beautiful
you
dude you slept longer than sissy today
Wow oh there's no the pumpkins yeah Wow
we should mow our lawn before the snow
came what do you think is it magical
yeah where do you think you're going
miss where's she going hey that's right
you do you feel good you had such a good
sleep Sam left the bathroom fan on but
our bathrooms here they share a wall
with bedrooms so people like take charge
maybe you're sleeping or use a toilet
where ever wakes him up cuz literally
the faucets her on the same wall and
Penelope my showers on the same loss or
from some frustrating yesterday for
penalties would be long that I've
everything to do the same with Noah's I
was his favorite thing to do too she
slept for like almost three hours and
i'm not sure if it was because i left
the bathroom fan on or what if it was
just more noise but she had a three-hour
now wow that feels you don't put your
snowsuit on cuz kind of cold last night
wow wow yeah see the moon still yes you
do right in between yea though because
of the Moon Moon oh good there you go is
this no beautiful oh yeah there is mud
wow I knew what mud was good job hi what
like har white horse yes what about a
white horse all right
okay do you guys love that Noah toxin
third person are you stuck over there or
knees too slippery to crawl I hate we're
crazy boy hey there's no boots on that's
a new snow boots this year the ones last
year were very cute but that's all they
were they were just cute they didn't
keep it before I this people rose hey so
these I found at sam's club at the
beginning of fall hoping hoping hope you
do the trick this year okay got this in
coats on sam's club that should last
next year too oh wow i got 40 last year
i got the actual size he was and fitting
it over his no clothes it was ended
being too small so this year I went up
this year went up a size that would fit
well over its no clothes I could zip it
up well oh I forgot let's put your
clothes on first also a trick I finally
learned last year was too good be sorry
my throat is so weird stay put the snow
gloves on first put in think did it like
there's no thumb in there Oh through
this year since can understand more oh
yeah I'll put your head on in a minute
and you can talk more but he'll know to
keep his gloves on because last year you
would take your gloves off in your hands
would get cold you guys keep our gloves
on huh so our hands stay warm where's
your thumb there we go anyway your hat
on yeah the Hat i bought for him when he
was a baby sam says that's per kid fits
him now there's something I've saved it
Noah totally like thanked our door
leaving the cause of the show goes on
starts banging outdoor like no so you
probably look up the baby wow what do
you think
what do you think it's your first time
in this no this year do you love it
Master you loved the snow I love the
snow for about like a week and then I'm
over the snow what do you think is it's
so cool yes it's so crazy they so big
this year last year you just need to
chew you look like a big boy playing in
the snow it is ice good what's it called
no it's what else would say the name for
it snow that's the taste like ice it's a
cold november seventeenth first day of
snow oh don't get it in your jacket
though two mins of your jacket apart no
hits no down your shirt it's powdery you
hear it crunching yourself you and your
snow clothes yeah it's so big this year
it's crazy I can't leave is big enough
to like it playing the snow last I mean
last Harry poisonous nope it's just
different this year it's you so much
bigger I'm gonna fix your hat the better
yeah go frolic my son frolic in the snow
I usually try and go to one bulls game a
year when we go to home to Chicago
though some ten so then I make it 2-2
for the year but I always triangle to
the Bulls jazz game this year I am going
with a couple of my buddies it's funny
gentlemen on that girl's night the other
night and i'm actually going with some
of the husband's from the girls night
some of my friend from college so hit
nipples jazz there's always a lot of
bulls fans it's always a lot of fun the
Bulls usually went last year they
actually lost I think it was by just a
couple points there's a crazy game but
uh you know our teams pretty good this
year I got faith in him so Sam just took
off to go down to the basketball game
but we don't know what he was going to
church to church um and to have a good
time I'm here with this guy Milhouse
tonight right yeah give a little chat
with daddy and daddy said you're the man
of the house night sky we couldn't help
mommy and it was very was listening very
well today is so cute this is what
happens when uh when daddy's gone both
babies I just want to be on me
I show me your kicks we're playing
soccer oh yeah good one there you go
yeah oh hi 585 yeah
ah
Oh
sure stormtrooper say star ok take a
drink first hey hi bad ah sayce dorm
hello cool hey good stormtrooper but
storch is really cute thus torches are
called stormtroopers
go
I'm back it's 1am Bulls won good times
good times good times someone's awake
even though I told them to go to sleep
no I can't sleep until he's home but i'm
going to do a quick hmm American Eagle
Hall cuz whenever you go to salt lake
before we buy clothes because there's
really no good places here i buy a pair
of pants and by the end of the year
there there's a hole in the crotch every
year everything good my pants got new
those like the same ones you have
announced okay cute got some pants you
try them on I did okay I they're the
same ones I'm wearing it huh and then I
got this for the winter to the sled oh
no way where's that from oh my gosh
that's awesome I said no one might love
flooding this year that's so I normally
stuff like this and like slightly
reprise pretty lame like I'm not gonna
do it no that's fine I love this the
gingerbread snowman air snow tube that's
awesome handles on it I made sure is
like how does it work number i couldn't
go see less except i had i was pregnant
with pj so i couldn't go this yeah yeah
that's awesome and then i got all he's
well love this isn't fit them he
returned it I think it'll fit is Oh Oh
where's just an act rule I wish but
thought it was like a onesie this is
eluted yes but it's a Santa oh my gosh
seems like man he is gonna thousand him
perfectly I think it's mine beer sighs
over to 24 years old this doesn't make
sense so that it cuz he fits like 3G 4G
stuff that all mercies a little of that
so much the question is should we save
this for christmas eve or at a day after
christmas me do you have to Thanksgiving
because i want to wear it the whole mom
thing we all it's always like we can
wrap it verse mazine jammies let me wear
what and then it's like christmas is
over I mean he's early refund over a
year
the ones you get for christmas eve or
ones you can wear all year these ones
are like you where'd the whole month yes
those are amazing oh my gosh Samia ah
thank I jammies I didn't see me like
Penelope it's okay no elf jammies I
thought I was like I'm line yeah I guess
I'll see you and I just got like a white
shirt that's a cool shirt and then I
asked you guys on Twitter as like cats
or dogs he had both and it's pretty even
and that's like they're pretty good
price gap oh no here's the dog and woman
but if it was a wiener dog oh it's
really good but we like fun shapes like
this sorry Sam what and Sam will
actually wear these oh that was relay
ensure its cuz I'm gonna be wearing
every single day of December favorite
sketches speaking of shirts we are
currently in the works of designing Sam
Cooke holiday shirt or sweatshirt I
don't know if you make it a hood out a
couple things are you want what if it
works my goals available next week right
so you guys be ready for that maybe yeah
should we do more than just a holiday
one like a normal into let's see what
holiday one and I don't know you guys
love snow yeah let us don't you want um
we haven't done a shirt in here we have
it and we're really excited we have some
really fun ideas for the holidays so
we're kind of excited about that that is
your uh hmm this made a window shopping
whole extent here is the winning this
yes that's what I was most excited about
actually says so many things for the
kids are like really a lot more than
less under there and so I was Oh
seriously now's memory so when I was at
the mall for some reason I didn't even
know they did this but santa came he
like came flying in like a fluently I
was like we can for him oh my god so
there's like thousands of people there
with all these kids and then they lit
the tree and there's like but not even
Thanksgiving it I know they should have
waited till next weekend I don't know
that I was like well this would be so
fun to bring the kids to but is really
cold tonight so maybe next year but the
kids are definitely to meet Santa this
year
and we have to have you sorry I think
Penelope will hate him you think so oh
my gosh Penelope hates me just leave the
room she get scared easily she like Noah
well maybe she'll just be like this like
she love is this is insane no look when
Nobel to pjs aids or two younger I'm
usually then she'll be he loved it
that's read it wasn't his funny but we
got the photo he loved same as Peter
that's true coolest thing ever and I'm
really hoping no I feel like I leave
really nervous and not want to do it
from hoping if Penelope desert he'll do
it with her I talked to him I was like
EMC Santa and first time I said no the
second time he's like like yeah but like
it was still like ya i dont think ill
wanted but I don't seem nervous he like
last I think we if I say with him are
you do ya do you think Santa over my arm
again oh my gosh she's not the same now
we're gonna go to shoot assault like
sanitary and are you planted a out of it
but we can film this Santa we can't film
to like say that's true so and like
that's really lame yeah it's like maybe
you won't find it yeah it was kind of a
rip off Selleck Selleck santa baby girls
just I probably just you say anything
yeah but we definitely want to go down
to the lights this year we didn't go
down to the lights last you don't think
and knows really excited we were telling
all about the temple square lights which
is really fun other do that as well and
just like that I feel like Aaron to be
very jealous this isn't his shirt should
i got my mother's mom oh my gosh i'm
eating hit by another plague my whole
chest is killing me anyway we're gonna
call tonight Sam had a great time and we
had a good time too it gives a really
good for me and just like that another
wardrobe change
that one's really hilarious
