good morning sweet world and welcome to
today's vlog everyone sick except me ah
where's mommy where's mommy no one where
is she and thank you I she's at the
store yeah oh the phone store no I went
to the store to get her phone oh oh
Jenica is sick which is a big deal
because to be honest she never gets sick
I'm so that another vlog oh man so I've
said that twice probably so she's been
sick twice not really she has the immune
system and just I don't know how she
does it so today it's been mainly just
me and the kids while jen rests it's so
weird to me because I'm used to Jen
being there for me in every single
second of my life so when she is sick
and she's and she's not feeling well I'm
like what's going on I went to the store
picked up some chicken noodle soup she
hasn't had the same symptoms necessarily
as Noah had but she's feeling that way
and I know she felt that way last night
too pretty much into the night so I'm
hoping it passes it seems like this bug
it's kind of like a 24-hour bug and then
you're done so hoping that's the case
alive hi we're all alive and Sam has
been the best dad effort to watching the
babies all day see I can't wait till
know it old enough to believe it opens
with is he did take like an almost there
hey for a little egg hunts little genie
baby I do hurt i want to see you she
goes like this city position she sit up
on her own one minute what no no class
climb up sis turn the towards the couch
your climb up climb up you stand up oh
whoa look at that up there you could
come look at this you know here just sir
how can it you guys sure house she
forgot kindness oh there you go that was
that si si do you want to see you he's
running Holden yeah that's cool huh
someone had commented on Instagram did
you guys need to get her a walker well
we do have a little pushing Walker thing
and I had her try it out two days ago
and she like just about ate it I caught
her so she's not quite not quite there
yet but we're doing good huh yeah yes do
you think she'll walk before no I did um
I do yeah yeah I think so no walked
around 11 months I think she'll walk
around 10 Wow in three months oh I know
okay sis breathing will see three months
to walk you're gonna do it you gonna do
it you know it's so cute
it's it sounds just like she just throws
her head down like this she's already so
dramatic and I love it oh okay Jeter
Vatican a couple years yeah I'm not
gonna let everybody know I'm I take the
back oh you're really sad yeah it's just
so sad you put your head down best
husband ever loading up the nasty dishes
and made dinner for him and Noah and
then took noah out on a little date I
went up to the temple and know if I also
lived there i wanted to go inside no of
the top to the temple is Jesus Elsa yeah
yeah yeah hello fanfare it was so cute
and then went to get hot chocolate and
were those chocolate done this early
yeah we only had a couple of their
people I just thought be fun feeling so
much better this time last night I was
like willing to die so bad nice
seriously regretted eating so much food
for dinner I just felt so much better
and I was like see I'm not getting sick
and then I came home like okay anyway
this guy was rock star today handled
both kids in the morning and basically
all day well I laid on my deathbed so
thanks babe and last night yeah you do
you do today was I really like hand him
the reins with everything Sam's gonna go
have a boys night tomorrow selling felt
like with his buddies they're going to
go through as long as you do it yeah as
long as I still good but I think I'll be
fine I think I'm definitely over the
hump and I
I am through the tunnel last night I saw
no I was like um but he's gonna drive
down and go to the Bulls jazz game yeah
we're so much culture yeah it's really
it's actually my girlfriend I went to
the dance party with their husbands he's
gonna go meet up with cuz we're all
friends wouldn't totally know cuz all of
our friends was there um one day well if
it felt like well the time's right but
also Sam got me these little things for
dinner these were really good these soup
bowls way better than the canned soup
and then I kind of decided to test the
waters a bit and had a little popcorn
does any junk done good drinks if I ever
whatsoever yeah it's interesting season
it's really funny season who you guys
are watching survivor who's your
favorite so far my favorite I have to
pick come when I want to win with
probably Zeke I love Zeke it's so uh
he's got a plan a conquering game who
like a certain opponent on the producers
to because they link let's focus on
certain people different states who even
as well like they never show well which
ones will be young young young kid
thanks year old oh yeah he was like like
they haven't shown him until recently
but i really like Zeke and I like the
kid the guy of the beers that are meant
me of sure okay oh I can no I'm not like
yeah Kenan his buddy what yeah what's
his name again can't remember hasn't
been my favorite of all the seasons but
it's been a really good one yeah let's
know who you're voting for it and a fun
little mini-date on the couch now I'm
gonna go to bed cuz I feeling better yes
yeah my oh I'm stuck till I can't we
have a kiss today at all this I just
don't wanna know you know kiss on the
cheek I know I'm saying on the mouth
when we kiss on the mouth cuz you know I
don't want to just be careful extra
precautions but that medicine guys hey I
held my cookies in medicine and I'm
really resilient I hate throwing up hate
it but honestly I probably been better I
probably felt better today if I had just
like gotten it out but I just
eat so much yeah I think we'll call it a
night see you tomorrow new touching
