no wants to do the mannequin challenge
okay okay ready good
ready okay one more time don't move stay
frozen
no insisted I did the maitika Chad's
we're gonna go get mommy a drink because
she's not feeling well you still doing
the mannequin challenge
we are on our way to check out the quay
beds for Noah or the big boy
the big boy is growing up yeah babe
yeah you're a better sissy huh and
you're gonna get a new bed yeah so we've
looked online we found something we
liked but we thought we would look at
once in town to see if there's any
better options or anything yes oh no she
is maybe they have the ones we looked at
online yeah you know okay when you see
everything hey there giant sheep that
was point to it great oh man the camera
looks funny
Oh looks like no I found one he likes oh
no that car might be gone forever
yeah buddy I think that one's gone you
have that one what about if sissy sleeps
underneath
let me think about that one first
we saw a lot better so cute do you help
yeah he he knows how to get up he just
doesn't know how to get down which one's
your favorite so far
you like that one okay yeah we lost a
car let's go look at the moon mom's
looking at me who has all the bunk beds
dude I don't think we're gonna get a
bunk bed though we're not looking for
bunk beds nice what do you think of this
one that's because it's like a fort I
mean that's are the coolest thing when
your little feet stuck I remember when
we got bunk beds it was like the coolest
thing in the world I was so excited we
were fighting who would be on top when
really bottom is the better bunk really
I didn't go in just because I felt like
the top person of fall on that's true I
fell off the bunk bed I think a couple
times even though we had a bar I think
the bar broke or something this one so
this one's land clearance actually and
it's pretty nice so it comes with the
mattress too so this one right here
definitely a favor right now and the
price isn't too bad and the quality
seems that's decent okay I'm kind of
changing my mind on the bold fun bad
idea because you get two beds for 526
holiday sale instead of one bed for 400
so if we ever needed oh right or we'd
have just two single beds right or we'd
have just two single beds like Penelope
would already have a bed and no would
have a better app right cuz they can be
separated look yeah what if we did that
I like these white ones and they're kind
of nice look at this cool blue color
Noah
right here you think this one's cool but
would those stickers come off but I want
to know there's a bed online that we
always bought and the sticker is like so
hard to do I don't think that sticker
would come off the thing is if we buy
the bunk bed no it expect us to make it
a bunk bed and we'll just we'll just
build this one because it has a sign
already then we don't have to buy a side
bar and then when he's big enough we'll
give him this one and then give her that
one is it good quality could withstand
crazy toddlers where I don't remember
these being around when I was a kid if I
cook burgers but our nieces love that
when you're Christmas that's all that
got work out cooker stuff this is
Samsung so expensive when I was a kid
the city was City when the police mm-hmm
oh and I look at that my imagination
just take that yeah but now they have
Disney Princess fun save Star Wars I
just wish no it wasn't it already never
got more years in me I love building
Legos but me my siblings at one breast I
were playing with LEGOs maybe Matt yeah
that one's pretty cool we go those
stormtroopers yeah that's awesome
me I was more into Barbies and loved
Barbies so much that was like my passion
Barbies I don't see any like real Barbie
dolls here though anybody's they just
have like these little kind of Barbie
things
this is an awesome toy store though
right a hot Playmobil was a European
brand go cool
I wish the looks I wish I would have
gotten these as a kid know-it-all so
this is probably right now oh no wait
Penelope hi new boots she's actually
suing a lot more than no I didn't oh my
gosh so much more than no it did
I feel like nor don't really love it we
were wrong so last week Stacy and Rachel
and I heard oh yeah
last week um we plan to have girls night
this Tuesday just go out to dinner
because we never brought to dinner all
just the three of us so we're gonna do
that tonight new in dad fashion it's the
track master you guys think feel like
I'm on legends of the Hidden Temple
ocean think we made a track that went
through all the downstairs we did it one
that try to go upstairs but it wasn't
that successful and now we're watching
The Grinch what do you think of the
Grinch Noah
what do you think of him yeah
kind of scary we want girls next keep
going we just had a wonderful dinner
have his lawyer and now we went to you
Froyo and they have never been to
Yogurtland but we're some the best time
Red Alert and now we're to send Rachel
up for tinder there's my baby
new dates okay this is the what I would
I chose tonight
usually I share with Noah now it's all
to myself nice pink whites yep new thing
they have new funfetti cake bites I
didn't went a little crazy it's good
advertising yeah Yogurtland and rolls of
you idea for next week's girls night out
see ya look of a little welcoming I just
came home to no one just wait I love you
this is to keep this thing in the world
look at that face is oh I love you
thanks for the hugs did you miss me did
you have fun with dad
yeah I'm signed up Rachel for tinder and
we were having a lot of fun swiping
people it was Alex Miller chatting with
the person he didn't really go our sense
of humor though there are three people
behind the account no pad no idea the
biggest poop oh good food added do you
proofread I'd hate real good for daddy
yes good more you Gert what somebody
dokdo dirt yogurt
yo Gert one Gert were Gert
I miss you let's go take your time and
go night-night
you smell money where
so whatever just now Oh bubbie that's
okay
