who in your life is beautiful laughs I
need be partners who else beautiful they
are they're beautiful too
ouch recording javi no that's two
favorite words right now he says that's
definite easily hey you're beautiful
yeah baby happy Halloween right buddy
yeah tell me tell me right now okay it's
Sunday we are trying to pass the time we
were all dressed and ready to go to
church and then we saw how much the
sickness of spring and that it seems to
stick stick with people well there's an
airplane so we're like well we're like
maybe we shouldn't go to church because
well for one no goes to nursery which is
with kids we definitely weren't going to
take them there because then all the
kids would get it but then we're like
man this thing's spreading like crazy so
we change back to our normal clothes and
decided to take a day inside make sure
everyone's healthy so right now we are
hanging out in nose room he has some big
windows and we've just been taking it
you big windows yeah would have have
what have we seen outside your window so
far pick a bird oh you don't need the
arena an owl tell me about the cat so
loud like the whole neighborhood can
hear lies like you've been talking to
the people walking on the street and
they'll like lick around you like what
hey Noah who in your life is beautiful
love is who else beautiful they are
they're beautiful too that's so nice of
you so we've just been trained to uh we
haven't talked about quarantine these
kids and ourselves and meka tell ya
I'm tired still gotta go to bed early
tonight so we don't have a p.o box right
now but some of you guys manage email to
us anyways and here are some clips from
the other day of Jenica opening and
looking at that man okay so last year
some of you may know we showed the book
that we that we received but Alexis um a
viewer we love you she made us the most
amazing book of Noah's like first year
of life and she just sent us his whole
second your life and I just like I want
to cry when I look at it it's she put so
what much work into this book that are
so many pages it's just it's insane the
thought and effort and time this book
took and look at and it starts Penelope
in it and everything and it's just it's
incredible it's incredible because I
always wanted to do these books I was so
sad when I didn't do it for Noah and
when we received her that first book and
then we had another view of sense in
another book that was just as amazing I
was like oh my gosh this is incredible
it's incredible these books are
incredibly of every picture from our
instagrams and from videos and
everything and it's like it's amazing
and I'm just so grateful so thank you
looks I had a chance to talk about yet
but it's just amazing book the books you
make you are really talented honestly
making making these books it's amazing
because I would not know where to even
begin like and i'm so indecisive that
it's like oh wait maybe i should do this
make sure that anyway so we have the
little first year and now we're going to
put in this little second you're up here
and it's just so kind and so thoughtful
so thank you so so much really
appreciate it 8j
okay 00 m and so we don't have a p.o box
anymore I'm so sorry I know so many of
you sweet beautiful amazing people want
to send us stuff um and I just thought
that I want you guys to like save your
hard-earned money and go to a movie or
get a pedicure or something I just I
just feel bad any but we're so grateful
we're so full anyway some of you are
sneaky and find places to send things
and people to send them to to get them
to us you sneaky people anyway Lisa and
Sally or okay it's either Lisa and salad
or Lisa and yeah pushers Leeson salad
anyway her husband is a pilot and she
had said she's like I can get know a
little pilot suit and um she sent one
she found word who descended to to send
us and guys look she even got a patch
that says the name how amazing is this
it's the cutest fighter pilot jumpsuit
I've ever seen isn't that amazing it's
amazing oh my gosh like I just can't get
over it's still a little too big for him
but he'll be able to use this for so
long it's so cute and then they sent the
sweetest little pink tutu for Penelope a
little ballerina tutu with the cuse
little hanger and I'm I just died it is
the sweetest little thing I've ever seen
look at how cute so thank you so much
having to UM video this we've just like
got the package and went straight out of
town I haven't had a chance I'm so
grateful and I even got ships me a cute
little cute little pad like little
notepad and she's just thank you guys
we're so grateful you're so sweet and so
kind to us we really appreciate it but
stop being sneaky all of you people save
your hard-earned money love you guys
thank you so much
okay sorry last i'm going to show you
guys but our beautiful friend Amy from
waters life and Tyson her husband they
lost so a little baby boy Beckett this
past June and it was horrendous whenever
that happens to anyway I just I have
another friend who just last week lost
their baby at 39 weeks and it was just
it's just crazy when things happen like
that it's so sad but they are on the
mend and she started a little um a
little hashtag give back for Beckett and
it's so cute they did build t-shirts
just today you know like do kind things
for other people in honor of Beckett
which i think is wonderful means him
were always encouraging people to do
kind things for no reason you know so
it's wonderful and so I was able to
order i ordered a shirt from me and
nella mine for some reason didn't go
through and i was like what the heck
because i gotta eat the confirmation
email and then a new email right after
that so high and then i missed the
deadline because it was traveling so
much but they were still opened it so
I've got to go back on to get my shirt
anyway so we got Noah shirt and it's
just so cute we got a blue one for him
so this is what it says good pack for
Beckett and then it says on the back it
has this cute little saying it's really
sweet so it's a fun new shirt for no to
have you really like so he loves the
blue color like yeah we just love you
guys good loving me and I'm so excited
I'm time is short and hope I can get
mine hey sup I've gotta go down there
get my shirt so if you guys are
interested go on they have their
teespring things still open i believe on
their channel waters wife oh I'll p.o to
be no cute
are you are on this one he wanted to
kill me all day and the best thing of my
life you wanted to cuddle with mom today
do you know my forehead is yeah what's
my forehead ah yeah good job aah aah it
doesn't fit oh you're hurt does your
Frick what do you say when you say but
when semaine sometimes you want us to
look at stuff and you say but what's but
there's Matt what does that mean yeah I
like to show me goes bad what is that no
no no no no do you speak French w yeah
oh why you high-five the camera and it
went down when you up to where I came to
get my hairy buzzed Oh seriously yeah
did you talk to Sam bitch Oh big big
hockey game tonight probably the biggest
one of the year to be honest and the
black oxide looks great again Noah what
do you even up to lately would eat what
do you just love to play with back back
back Noah's favorite thing in the world
right now we just put a battery in this
guy yeah so he's going around the track
this is but he pretty much built this
one not by himself he rebuilt it yeah I
thought I'd something over the track
pieces together
if there's one thing that Noah wants for
Christmas it's a train table and trains
and a set and it's pretty awesome
because it's fun to see his imagination
at work he loves building him and he
loves playing with them and it makes me
super excited for me you're growing up
buddy you're not baby know anymore that
kisses are the gee-gees with his hand
episode confused Sam bought ghost pepper
chips scissor freaking huh he's crazy
let's see well there's a warning
actually use of gloves and safety
goggles is encouraged what Sam don't
need that one inside a saloon addiction
to bring pain blurred vision and
unquenchable thirst enjoy with
cautioning consider yourself warned babe
don't take that tonight don't eat one
tonight seriously I think what that
hurts your tummy more joke right well if
it hurts your tummy more I don't want to
bike it can't be wrong which means
taking the chip I almost I don't know
don't do it no I don't want you get sick
and this spicy and they're really spicy
spicy
hey no no no no me I don't want you to
like have spicy cool really good no babe
stop stop stop stop stop babe seriously
don't complain tomorrow we have spicy
food haha whoa definitely this place
these chick I've ever had well you
shoved 500 at once they're good I like
him they seem healthy like they do
something to seem healthy yeah the
spiciest pepper on earth and a chip
seems healthy no I will no kiss no no
I'm not believe it no i do not want no
i'm not gonna kiss you crazy anyway I
feel a little run down my throat hurts a
little bit I'm gonna go to bed early
tonight oh I Sam to the live with those
chips hmm I feel like I you okay well
he's feeling good I was on my friend
Stacey I realized this more as like oh
my gosh we saw Stacey the day Noah got
sick I quickly messaged her on facebook
cuz I can't use my phone I was like
Stacey so sorry but just to warn you and
we got sick that night I really hope he
didn't give it to you guys so she was
really she's like well you know talleres
things are things go around and really
this bug is everywhere people are sick
everywhere it's crazy so it was just
gonna it was a matter of time it's a
matter of time before what's on the
agenda this week there's a Bulls game
this week oh yeah I'm gonna babysitter
i'd say what to go to you yes wanna do i
know i would love to want to go to I
want to DJ well I still have lots of
milk in the freezer so I mean wants to
babysit
babysitter you're in town
