shoenice good name happy Halloween mmm
I'm tired I think we're all tired no I
just got out of the tub me he's actually
feeling fine I think he just ate
something bad at first we thought he
overate but I think he just his food
didn't sit right
someone's coming back comes dead Sam do
not go to bed until like 5:00 I had
fallen asleep Sam yeah I fell asleep run
like 10 or 11 in bed and then yeah and
then I went to the bed I tried to wake
you but you just wanted to stay there
tonight picking my nose I've washed my
hands like a thousand times and used
antibac 2000 times we took medicine Sam
died I tried to give no medicine that he
would not take it so hard like you can
make a baby take medicine you can't make
a tallit take medicine like he just
won't do it
so I'm gonna try again in a little bit
we take this ice I swear by it my whole
family swears by it a civil seinem
you see it it's hard I swear by I've
been taking this stuff my whole life as
long as I can remember at least we swear
by it we always have this I always
travel with this and he's really good
you feeling better
yeah no more owies we're outside my
first time nose first time I went
outside today I took Penelope to the
store we were there for about an hour I
just got out and this lady came up
complete stranger hadn't even seen
Penelope I just saw that I had a baby in
the cart she said can I look at your
baby
that's like yeah and then like a minute
she's like would you think of that did
you see that lady come up yeah hello
this little outfit she has on this
jacket
it's from Pippa my niece yeah it's so
cute do you like it too
Oh looks like someone's feeling better
it's good to see him feeling good though
even last night he was like I don't it's
not he didn't say you felt sick and I've
been asking all day you okay
made sure he ain't kind of like for
breakfast just in case but he's been
good do they ask me for more food and
I'm like too afraid to give it to it but
he wants it where's your snaggletooth
very little tooth where is that little
teeth than they do I see it but I see it
oh yeah you wanna come out okay
show me your teeth and then we'll get ya
it won't get asked the way to meet you
there we go there it is
feel better
do you still have any sick stomach bugs
does your tummy still hurt you feel a
hundred percent yeah you didn't sleep
well the night it is 8 o'clock both kids
are asleep Noah has seemed much better
he doesn't has not seemed sick at all
today this morning he was just a little
like tired cuz he didn't sleep a lot
as far as sick goes he feels he seems
great so yeah we both feel pretty tired
it's the last home game for football
I've missed a bunch
my great aunt has always invited me to
the games and so I'm gonna go to this
game for a while I'm gonna go pick up
David but Jen knows that if anything
happens I'm here in a heartbeat
yeah cuz the stadium's not that far from
her house it's a late game gosh eight
o'clock
it starts at 8:15 and starts in 12
minutes usually there's day games during
the year and those are the most fun
because the kids can go there happy we
have fun the weather's nice but all
these late games for TV now we got these
late games they don't affect me as much
I wish I could take the kids to more of
the games it sting sure the people that
commute they get home like 2 a.m. just
Hawking popcorn making a mess
because we destroy this is delayed by 20
seconds that's their appearance well
what a depressing way the end
goodbye field until hopefully next year
goodbye cherry goodbye goodbye table
goodbye happy goodbye happy name and as
it turns out this probably isn't just a
food bug it sounds like it's a flu bug
it seems that everyone that went to the
open house party most of the kids at
least picked up the bug so the kids are
in quarantine now Noah hasn't shown any
signs of being sick anymore but he's
definitely probably still contagious and
I'm just hoping Penelope doesn't get it
hoping Jen doesn't get it and I'm hoping
myself as well we've been taking those
little capsules and feeling a lot better
they really work seriously they've
they've done wonders for us it's like a
homeopathic drug but it's worked so if
you're sick right now knows someone that
sick try them out because I think I
really do think they helped nothing like
some swings after you've been throwing
up now it just seems so much better than
and he had a good time and he's been
good so anyways stay healthy people
don't get sick hope you enjoyed today's
vlog and didn't catch it through the
camera we love you guys and hopefully we
see you guys tomorrow peace
