waning morning I missed you
yeah mine was at a dance party and I I'm
actually gonna soar yeah I got down guys
unless it was really fun I feel like I
can't even I don't even want to go on my
Facebook or Twitter or anything it's
just it's just disgusting all of them
reading all the violence and it's just
so like disheartening and it's just Oh
kind you guys make a new friend stand up
for people who are being mistreated just
crazy I'm going both ways you know like
there's violence there's just violence
period I was just reading posts and
stuff that's going on around the country
and it's just scary anyway I think my
phone broke again
you guys I think I just got a bad phone
I just don't think this one was made
well or something I don't know think I
don't know it just went back to that
searching thing I can't call people or
text people who don't have an iPhone
which is just ridiculous
um so I'm trying to get a hold my friend
Stacy or something out yesterday but
this kid what I just don't know deal
with that so I think we're gonna try to
go over there this morning and then I
think I'm gonna have a trician tottenham
come over this afternoon maybe tase in
school though I'm not really sure
because churches still never seen our
house and I cuz we just I'm always like
out I just like getting the kid that's
I'm like oh hey we're coming over you
know and just me just go to their house
oh my god they should just like they
should come here now you know so um I
talked to church earlier this week I was
like you need to come see our house so I
think I'll have them come over this
afternoon or something not really sure
hopefully these kids hey've themselves
today there's a giant spider like inside
our window like trapped between I just
know it's gonna get bigger and bigger
bear and then end up in my house I just
it's like chopped in the one up so if I
open the window it would be in my house
you know what I mean
I hate spiders I know it's gonna end up
getting inside we're really excited for
everyone who's been a vlogger fair I
hope you guys all have a good time sorry
we're not there this year it's just
taking two kids two conventions Israel
taking kids in general to conventions is
really difficult this when like they
just want to play and have fun and so we
can't we don't enjoy it for no-one's
enjoying it
like if they're unhappy if we can't like
meet with you guys you know so next year
once PJ's one a little bit older and
she's not nursing anymore I think we'll
have like either my mom or someone so we
can go to conventions I'm not really
sure I don't know we'll see we'll see
what happens no nap II
let's say I'm doing oh gosh what did you
let him find no I you'll keep yourself
he's shopping right now you shopping why
are we letting him shop okay maybe you
can tip for that for Christmas I'm gonna
get you the cart for Christmas that's
what you want for Christmas
yeah we're not going on the battles and
my spices and interesting oh thank you a
little puppy dog okay no one next to it
in the dog thank you and plate over
Pringles play-doh yeah cool you picked
yellow Tudor with the Pringles I was
quite cheap Pringles away from me
I'm yeah Pringles are step up friend
well the unexpected happened today Noah
has been alive for two years four months
five months I'm not sure and he has
never thrown up never
he's never puked even as a baby he spit
up a handful of times and that was it
the interesting thing about that is that
jen has a huge throw-up vomit throw-up
phobia like huge there was one time I
was sick and I don't get sick often like
that at all
but she had to sleep upstairs with our
friends our neighbors because I was
speaking it's bad anxiety I thought that
maybe Noah had just over eight because
it happened to kind of like after dinner
and then he learned applesauce and then
it happened right away but it is now 3
a.m. and we went in to check on them
just to make sure he was okay and his
bed was covered uh I hope it found a bug
I think one of the kids at the party
yesterday might have had a bug that's a
general saying or something but
hopefully if I'm eating bad
Jen's handily like a champ though she
helped me clean up and she's rocking him
to sleep right now I just feel so bad so
hopefully he's okay
and hopefully no one else gets it
because if it's a bug that'd be terrible
sorry about the short vlog today it just
crazy exhausting days especially with
last night we were up to like 5 a.m. so
I just wanted to get a vlog up today
though and hopefully a longer vlog
tomorrow Levinas
