my thighs are sore I've got down I got
down you know I loved
finally get my haircut today long
overdue doing it right now
do you love it watching nursery rhymes
right now I'm awfully I look better when
I get home hi you look so cute
you look so cute and you're with an
outfit I'm gonna get that kid off that
but I still don't feel very good using
his leg outside like right one away
exactly nothing he hangs out for bet and
then go someplace outside he has not
wanted to yesterday or today this little
girl she just wants to she did she just
wants to stand up look at she does not
like crawling look at her look at her
she's like mommy stand me up I want to
walk you're silly
look at her little bear she hates
crawling she hates it guys so funny
Jesse you're doing so good over here
yeah go get those toys go get him go get
him go get do his toys sweet baby
guys the time to cut them all it it's
okay babe it's okay Oh
okay I think your parents who have a
very dominant first child personality
what did you do when you had the second
kid part of most day he's good and he
wants to like he'll do his own thing or
he'll play with her or whatever I have
no time he just wants to hit her to get
around at of me he does it I know it's
for the attention by my dude I'll give
you like happy good attend
I don't want to give you a timeout
attention like that's not fun for me I
want to do today he's been rough okay
anyway um I'm gonna put him out of
timeout try to talk to him and hopefully
you guys are having a better day that
we're having over here do we look alike
now now be we have two consecutive poops
on the potty
bye Noah I repeat two consecutive poops
on the potty can you believe it
are you feel proud of your brother this
is a new development we are back in
business
where's the man where's the man where's
that where's my dude at where's my man
at yeah baby happy Halloween what do you
say dude now thank you okay pull it out
Oh like a brown yellow feller let's see
what his name is
it's a garbage truck choo-choo yeah it's
nighta you guys not even wanna know how
long it took me to do these funds how
many times I tried and failed and
they're still not even oh let's go yeah
yeah yeah yeah
found this shirt don't not worry about a
thing
guys we just got stuck in traffic and it
was helpful
I'm also sorry for the grainy video
clips I'm on my iPhone because I didn't
want to carry a huge bulky camera while
I'm trying to get down dancefloor
right right we danced all night I'm not
about video I know it's not you guys are
just gonna look up it's really I'm so
excited we're really excited I'm a
little hyper already we're gonna get
some food and then get there luckily
doesn't start till 7:30 Tara was so
great it was like Lesley will earlier
guess we'll probably in traffic and then
we hit an accident we were stopped we
were stopped for a while so now we were
back moving hopefully we'll hit too much
salt lake traffic shall be annoying
once you idiots longer I'm telling and
I've done little pigtails up here it's
really pretty out tonight too you can't
really tell so fun girls
wish me luck it is me and the kids
tonight I have been with the kids you
know by myself during the day for a
couple here hours here and there the
only thing I haven't done yet is put
both of them to bed which Jenna said
multiple times and I'm not worried about
Noah I put them to bed pretty much every
night so hopefully everything goes all
tonight I think it will we are heading
to the Ellie and Jared house open house
I don't even over this
opening house party new house party I'm
not sure what to call it but that's
where we're going right now me and the
kids
hopefully they behave hopefully there's
no blowouts on to the brand-new carpet I
got them housewarming gift at Bath &
Body Works some nice delicious soaps to
scatter around the house I kind of need
to get some frog that's not-- - because
you got to have holiday soaps I don't
know where I'm going all right I'll see
you there okay up to you time we've been
stuck in traffic for a long time I think
we're going all crazy yeah we're still
gonna be there traffic and now we're
we're gonna build
we're gonna drive and eat and then get
there and pretty and then we have at the
dessert table so this is girls night you
eat whatever you want at girls night
I got three crunchy tacos and we're
sharing fresh rice so just me okay
that's my update think I'm at the right
place yeah I think this is it so
tonight's catering is brought to you by
spider-man he's made some carrots tomato
and
I'm so Ellie and I are so you have a
better angle than me Jerez organizing
right now I think I will place my camera
somewhere trying to capture this
I feel like I feel like my smile I was
like my face is like shaking I'm gonna
go back downstairs okay let's go
yeah she did my buns
let's see math love it we're all Allison
party first-timers
Oh ma'am no we did wad much you and
sissy had had me with my hands full
it's hard being just with you both by
myself I love it well it's hard are you
still wearing Jackson spider-man suit
I'll get you out sissy man I didn't get
the vlog a lot it was good to see a
bunch of friends though Elaine Jade are
so nice I love their new house we won't
ever whether you're building it I'm
coming to get you out let me get you up
the kids were great
anyways had a great time
it's nice like these I'm super grateful
for Jen because I didn't even eat just
want to make sure no I'm Penelope ate
and then I was like oh shoot I didn't
eat it was fun though it was really good
to catch up with people I hadn't seen
some people and it seemed like forever
I'm bummed we're not gonna be a blogger
Fair this year I think when we looked at
vloggerfair this year it was more of a
like oh my goodness are we gonna be
traveling somewhere for Thanksgiving
whatever what are we gonna be doing and
I wish we were going there would've been
kind of crazy since we were just in
Chicago but I'm bummed we're not gonna
be there this year Noah still has
spider-man costume on we're watching
some nurseryrhymes eating popcorn
applesauce oh happy Halloween and I'm
gonna try and keep him distracted while
I get to Penelope in bed she's never
taken a bottle this will be the first
time we've ever tried giving her a
bottle hopefully it goes well is this
something I need to work on this is not
my strength I'm good with kids but I
always feel like even just too unlike
old man Jen and everyone else out there
that does this more often than me even
with more kids you guys are amazing
Jen just texted me she said this is
awesome I said how are you doing this is
awesome exploration where exhalation
exhalation what she really needed a
night like this so I'm happy she's
having it and it was it stunk that she
wasn't there with us and everyone missed
her I was like tell the girls I was like
next time one of these things happened I
was trying to explain what she's at I
was like it's a party you were all the
girls going dance it like they're like
what I'm like you're usually like bonds
I feel like how do
no but you guys should all go together
next time hi you had a fun time though
huh you were good Oh read your the
popcorn okay someone misses their mommy
I do too Oh Oh do you see yourself oh
look do you see yourself you know let's
try to get some milk see how this bottle
thing does I look like a you know crumb
barf over here you look like a corn rub
it's the squatty potty unit actually got
a different color it looks a little cray
and they put all my buns oh I think she
just said okay that's not a good name oh
it was so fun it was really fun I'm a
little disappointed with my swag bag I
thought we were gonna get like shirts
leggings like whole bunch of stuff but
it's like a shirt a pin some chapstick
like not that cool right there like a
bracelet oh really
we're lovable there oh my gosh really
I felt bad cuz i they you'd find it for
like months
Yeah right I know this has been planned
for a while that's why I couldn't just
like cancel it and because it was like
expensive but it was so fun oh my gosh
there were so many pregnant women there
that I thought their babies were going
to drop out of them they were like
dancing so hardcore like getting down
and I was like that baby's gonna fall
out of you yeah well there's boys they
make the boys work like the boys are the
workers they're the servants for the
night so they like think they're like in
charge of like taking everyone's
pictures like that you have your cell
phone and they take all your
pictures and then yeah it was fun though
but she wasn't out as much as I thought
she would be out Allison like she only
came out and danced like like three to
two or three times that she wasn't out
the whole time what sounds like you to
break the party is there like a birthday
or jeweler worth anything but it was
like a pretty point for everyone it was
fun because Maddie's birthday's tomorrow
oh it was so fun dancing with everyone
it was really good time I'm glad Tara
came with me so we could drive together
cuz I wouldn't like falling asleep my
thighs are sore I've got down I got down
yeah well I'm still hyped thanks names
for watching the babies time she didn't
have they do uh I might X that she's not
taking the ball I waited like 30 minutes
to text you that because I didn't want
to thank you we really oh really good
time gosh I don't think every credit it
yeah PJ's first time taking a bottle
know that first time just kind of in a
while
kind of I can't remember the first time
my eyes are so attracted it was fun
how'd you do it dinner thank you
ah good but I was like trying not to
spill on the brand-new house
