I want to be there for the people that
are afraid of tomorrow
you
happy tuesday happy election day if it
is happy i'm not sure what looks me I
poopin okay I'm sorry i'll leave you
alone he should i really found pollen x
I actually hate politics hits the
election today so me and Sam were trying
to wow I can I only voted for the first
time four years ago I think it was Sam
it was my first time I promoted he says
the first time I could vote could
liberate Tina anyway we're trying to
figure out where to go to vote but every
lot of our friends are having to do it
like mail it in and I don't know where
to get those ballots at so we're trying
to figure that out today I just got back
from lunch with my friend Melissa it was
really fun but I also know the viewer
I'm so sorry was not even thinking as
kind just like like oh hi that I didn't
get your name I'm so sorry that was nice
to meet you and I was PG was just like
she was so tired and just eating baby so
I was like trying to wiggle her breasts
little arm wrestle her was like how to
feed myself food and try to make sure no
eat the nugget anyway be really nice to
meet you so if i seemed a little
scatterbrained say i'm going to the
haircut i am my eye doctor appointment
in an hour 230 I've gotta get this i
rechecked on thursday i'm going to i
don't know why do you top people might
know of allison and she throws like
dance parties for like moms and girls
and women it's really fun going there on
thursday some of my friends from from
college they live down south now in salt
lake area with a issues like hey let's
go like yes I've been dying to I don't
know these parties so I'm really excited
we're gonna do that Sampson has both
babies for bedtime which will be fun for
him okay crazy um hopefully hopefully
they're good for him no picked on his
own outfit today football football
football that football shirt and flag
shorts it's very appropriate for the
election I got you some food okay dad's
socks are matching you Noah got my
election
socks on hey did you find place week
about um people are saying you have to
do it it through the mail here really
there's like three places you can go to
but they all look very they're gonna be
terrible lines which was up David oh
yeah my little brothers moving today
that said that he's like no forgetting
something Election Day 2016 wow I've
always looked forward to this day every
single year of my life that I can
actually remember me my mom would have
election night we get a bunch of treats
popcorn snacks nachos it doesn't matter
whatever we liked we'd stay up all night
until they declared who the president
would be back in the election let's see
the last election that George Bush won
all night they're like forward of
Florida Florida I mean my mom to this
day still laugh about being up all night
trying to figure out who's gonna win
Florida it was fun it's great memories
to me I remember we say that's so late
that we both like just slept we both
slept in and I ended up missing school I
think it's pretty cool that my parents
always made that part of our lives like
important the election voting because it
is definitely something that's important
it's a little too late for me to say hey
go vote I added it to the last vlog but
I hope you did vote if you live in the
United States and you had the
opportunity to this year it is so hard
to vote though I just went to one place
apparently there's only three places in
this whole entire valley that you can
vote at and the first place I just went
to two and a half hour wait and that's
been like that all day I didn't get a
ballot mailed to me I think it was
probably mailed to one of my what like
later addresses although I just checked
where I'm registered and it has my
current address but so I don't know
exactly what's going on but here I am at
another location now and nibbly Utah
this is kind of like one of the more
depressing election days but it's still
my civic duty to vote and here we go
hopefully hopefully the ones not too
long
let's see how long did that take if you
like that took about 45 minutes luckily
our friend was getting there the same
time as me so we just hadn't chatted and
caught up we hadn't seen each other in
like two three years so there we go I
think I might go trade this in for one
of the pins from foot locker so that was
like a free thing you could get today to
tell very very good lemonade what up yay
test in the auto focus here yeah the
focus on this isn't say too I just
looked at the viewfinder they'll be like
scat po2 love me so much report I bet
every time she comes in the bath now
cheated cracks up go do you guys want
cat pee is when he blow up a hot air on
someone living it also setting snapchats
to my sister or vote for Penelope Jane
and it was so finish I'm like I'm voting
for Penelope Janet she's just like
splashing in the water I love you a
little baby burrito look at this big
baby burrito 7 7 month old burrito yeah
she is obsessed with the bathtub she
kept trying to get all the bubbles all
the bubbles so funny she still don't
know how I'll she's like chokes up
right on I'm gonna tuck you in ready ah
like a burrito oh you're ducting pretty
Disney you can see you to continue to do
ah mark happy mark epi oh look at your
little hands you know nose yeah I you
know about that gun Wow can you film
your voting experience um not really
like I just you can add on the gear
allowed to it's actually illegal to take
selfies and I think some video inside
I am I just like waiting in line I
talked about it i talked about waiting
in line I feel the same way I felt for
years ago four years ago people on
YouTube are like the world's gonna end
so doomsday glooms day it's even worse
now but to me obviously the person in
the White House affects a lot that
happens in the world but I continue to
think this way I'm happier this way is
that we control what happens in our
house right we can control so many
different out oh yeah and the little
things like there's so many things that
we can still control I've never using
them in the White House and so I just
want to be a good parent is I feel like
if US citizens were behaving it would
just make the world better anyway you
know like I feel like whoever becomes
president people are going to blame
their actions on that project when it's
not that the thing I hate about the
election i loved how there's a couple of
there crumbs in the bed are you eating
no chicks in here there's a couple
thoughts I had I love how I'm gonna back
check there's a couple thoughts I had I
love Halloween because we let our
barriers down people go door to door
they get candy okay friendly yeah
everyone's nice it's not weird to talk
to a stranger it's like the same thing
with the cubs and sports I love sports
so much also because of like the
camaraderie and everyone's like we can
be strangers but we're connecting right
over having a moment together I think
that's why I like going to midnight
releases of like movies and games and
yeah different things because people let
their guard down uh-huh so the thing
that i hate about election night those
like the people are like well if you
voted one way or the other like I hate
you or like if someone wins Hillary wins
like the world's ending if Trump wins
the world's ending it's like just
continue to do your part yeah go out and
vote I don't care who you vote for I
would still love everyone we make up the
populate like we are the population yeah
it's like it's it's down to us people
how we act and react to others on how
the world yeah on happiness yeah
everyone just did their part to make a
difference obviously there's serious
issues affected by there's racism
there's just like not equal opportunity
for everyone and that's like huge things
at this debate plays into and this is
only politics or taco and a half my
point is is that I feel like if I can
make a difference in the people's lives
around me and I'm trying to write into
mutual like at our church being involved
with the youth and just being a positive
influence and even through the vlogs if
if there is one vlog that we made that
made you happier or made you do
something good for someone else or just
more positive I feel like I'm doing a
good job I say this because I've
received like an email or two from
people too and I don't think I've told
you this but I like why aren't you
talking about like who you're voting for
two people who should vote for this and
that it's like my thing it's not that
it's not about telling people who to
vote for it's about just being closeted
in life and and doing the little
oddities and going out of your way to do
something for someone that's why I live
the reason holidays people let down
their behavior mm-hmm I'm a homebody
person but I love when you can connect
with your neighbor and write different
people I don't know if anything I've
made sadness make sense it doesn't make
sense anyway just we don't we don't a
few people are wondering why we haven't
talked about the lessons just we I
honestly just think little things been
depressing yeah I can be more effective
doing other things positive and happy
than being like yeah I hate this person
to summarize things it starts in the
home yes right here being there for your
family yep doesn't matter if you're rich
or poor what you have being a good
person being there for family teaching
them you know working towards an
education doing whatever you can to
continue progressing and moving forward
yes so I love you guys all I don't
always agree with the way people act
right but you still love him right
mm-hmm try that goes yeah so happy
election day Sam's gonna be up all night
watching yeah I just a tradition for his
mind I took a lot of big data
visualization classes and things in
college something really into and the
tonight is like all about that I love
they show the numbers you love seeing
the breakdown of it all which is under
which would make sense like a lot it
took a lot of people I've seen that Oh
PJ you'd want everyone to be happy I'm
22 be happy baby are you happy beep the
bath makes you happy yeah dude schibetta
you happy oh why can't make us a burger
real quick before we go to bed look at
her go she's growling this is the best
oh my gosh she's crying she's blue jet
crawling
I'm already worried about this vlog
being taken the wrong way because I've
avoided talking about politics
altogether because I don't feel like I'm
in the position to always talk about it
I hope people understood my message in
today's vlog that is just like being
positive joining together putting down
our barriers being united and fighting
for each other I Twitter's been like
really sad and depressing tonight and
Donald Trump just was elected US
president and this is a really weird
year and then I just pray that
everything in the world and country is
okay and I feel like I feel like America
can unite together and like make things
not as doom and gloom as everyone's
saying right now but someone on my
Instagram came at me hard it's calling
us fake and saying that Jen doesn't talk
about her postpartum depression Jen
would you like to update your feeling
everyone's been posting about these
things so which is great I just don't
want to overwhelm people with people
talking about depression so much that's
why I haven't given updates all time but
I am feeling a lot better and that's why
I haven't been like saying anything I
mean like I've been feeling great so I
can go more into that later um it's
really the time to talk about the
oppression Jen can talk about like what
we've been doing together it's like one
of those things that you don't like
bring out every day because it's like a
constant thing and Jenna Jenna has been
doing a ton better and I think it'd be
good like we have a vlog talking about
like what we've been doing together to
help Jennifer letter because she has
felt a ton better and she's gonna have a
fun girls night in two days later into
this like dance pretty thing let's see I
don't think you just act happy though I
think you're happy person
I was never cycling I don't feel good I
don't walk so there's not much of me in
a video that's because I'm not feeling
good it's not me like putting on a fake
face Jenica talks to me all the time
about like keeping it real keeping
things real and I hope today's vlog I
hope no one took it the wrong way um I
am Pro unity I want to stand up for
people that feel like no one else is
standing up for them right now I want to
be there for the people that are afraid
of tomorrow and I don't know exactly how
I can do that um I don't this isn't like
a political statement I just want to be
there for people and this happened
because I posted a picture on Instagram
I with the quote and I knew this quote
make some people increase said your
success as a family our success of
society depends not on what happens in
the White House but what happens in your
house and I live a very bus life where
there's things that don't affect me it's
kind of naive to say that just by taking
care of things in your house will make
the rest of the world right but I think
it's definitely starts their loving your
kids teaching them how to treat others
know when Penelope are so innocent and I
want to we want to be the best parents
we can for them I feel like that kind of
message can spread to people and even as
adults were never to you know old to
change and be good something I've
definitely tried to focus on the past
couple months in here I love all you
guys no matter who our president is
doesn't change how I feel about you guys
and half it feel about people I want to
be there for people so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video if you have any
uploads real questions left to have a
real QA I hope I've kept it real freaky
cat face you love you guys we'll see
tomorrow peace
