yeah there she goes there she goes there
she goes Oh CJ Go Go PJ Go Go bday
yeah get there Oh
you
I just ask you all the losses it will
i'm rolling the plastic bag may not is
like our first yes i got tougher first
class over here special assistance
please make sure to put your mask on
first before seven special requests i'll
take us over potential she'll take care
of you do
three days ago
in my work done
wait for the bus we made it
how's it going good
the bus the highlight of Noah's trip
right now
I'm here to give you the day on how
store their families in town because
they're helping him an errand move into
their new apartment so they wanted to
see the baby big Peaks sneak peeks
errands Roman office big peak kitchen
kitchen yes no one looks skinnier yeah
he's taller it's really tough these
girls are being crazy with just basil
they've stolen the baby i know crazy
girl is a little chance no no chance I
know right you have the steeler prior
from her their hands daehan's room oh
okay daehan's crib for the magic where
the magic happens TV lots of shoes Wow
and the pin here in the bathroom is
where I look at a spot for a lucky lady
who will that lucky ladies toothbrush
belong to oh oh it's a good workout I
gave me shy still yeah she just started
she might fall right now oh well she she
scoots you can get it across she scoots
on her knees but she's teething and she
so she's not very happy what can she go
to like new carpet she kind of like he
throws her body forward
he said to fire how many ma seven today
seven months seven months old that's
crazy the other side their faces are so
funny come to me come to me me smile
that's legendary what because let me
filled it up hello guys this is gonna be
hard she's done once they're there she
goes there she goes there she goes so he
did you make it you got it surprise no
more oh why are you crawling to use me
and I was seeing you a long time oh yeah
it's not her before I've seen you we
shall I tell her the story okay how'd
you go c'mon g 00 she never cried no she
she cries she's shooting her teeth so
she's crying all the time now yeah she'd
like to be left alone or also garage if
you walk out of a room so cry don't do
CJ go go PJ Go Go bday
hi huh okay crazy no joke I swear when I
was peeing her face up she said mama but
now she's saying dad dad she said dad no
she said mama first I really like you
heard it I asked in you heard it in the
hospital and we were about to leave take
her home for the first time and she is
that that shut off you freaking happy me
mama no mama na ma dad see mama get a
dead day
Oh Dada da her face when she gets scared
it's like her not know it is a good
thing you're gonna may though she's I
know she was falling back to didn't know
is anything noted that same face with
eyes hey mama mama mama mama mama let me
let you down so you can have your diaper
change mama so many milestones guys
she's crawling she's eating big people
food and she's a drinking water out of
cups she loves ice like second honest it
feels good on her gums so are we saying
she's officially curling because I feel
like though I think she's officially
crawling yeah I feel like that like that
that just happened Rena me so in Hannah
uh-huh yeah she's officially crawling it
looks like the beginning of crawling
yeah like know when he first called you
just like did it by fast first she was
just scooting like she was dragging her
body like she was like going up on her
toes and then like scrunching her knees
in and you know she pooped so much no
joke she pooped so much she's just like
red bum like I can't I don't know to do
about her constant diaper issues cozy
lounge that page it was pooping from
always wiping her hey mama dad Oh first
in lb or Noah Penelope okay I won't get
this kid pirate range that Polly train
this winter though we're gonna go get in
the tub and a half hour huh ok mama mama
mama yeah this could all my dad died
need a mama or something I need a mama's
girl no one LG basketball we're going to
bed I may have gotten the kids holiday
jammies already I got her cute little
reindeer ones and him there's like
sharks and
sea lions kind of feel funny but there's
a cute little scarce one book let's go
upstairs he's gotten so used to like
staying up late and watching sports but
now he knows that's the ticket to
dexhart i said that i watch baseball
said baseball season's over basketball
he's like oh I don't want basketball
fastball here comes
