non-baseball fans I think this is the
last baseball blog for a while I know
this month has been kind of crazy but it
is it's got a hundred eight years and we
are very excited it's 5:00 a.m. I've
barely gotten any sleep the past few
days but it's time to head to the city
for the Cubs World Series parade I can't
believe I'm saying that but I can't
believe it it's happening it's already
happened but we're celebrating and I'm
heading down give me a great day
okay famine oh that's the part right
there salmon Sam went down to the park
this morning he woke up at like 5:00 got
all the trainings jam-packed she tweeted
pictures of Gustavo's and then waited
outside of the fence for like an hour or
something
he lost his friend that he went with biz
but he Sam it's like about 50 feet in
from the crowd towards a friend and this
kid just woke up and went straight to
Grammy and poppy that's the part okay so
Sam somewhere somewhere up here
not sure where though I'm glad I'm up
there I was so claustrophobic all day
long I'm glad news there though babe
Nate you're behind Sikh yeah that does
Frank I'm seeking that crowd crazy I'm
so like he's done I know he's gonna have
so much fun although he's nicest fan
it's like musi go to the ball drop
they're gonna stand there all day like
president until noon and he's just gonna
hang out now no absolute I hope he
thought some water or something though
that is insane yes so we waited nice
I feel like we could have gotten in the
better way this place is already
pictures gotta get through gotta
memorize this moment forever
and Sam's gonna come home late tonight
and then want to rewatch the entire
thing javi look at Sam is somewhere in
this mom oh my gosh that's crazy there's
kids down there - oh my gosh there's so
many people so talking about Cubs fans
being patient for the parade but I mean
Cubs fans waited 108 years so I think
they're fine waiting an extra hour for
the park
I'm so when I'm not there I would have
been freaking out
the stage stuff just started Sam's there
somewhere we just got our food we're
just thinking about how starving Sam
probably is right now and how bad he
probably has to go pee but it's worth it
we're so happy he's there no no Larry
are you look at that those are all
people you guys isn't that insane that's
not even all of it
real quick is exactly what we need to
bring everything together and obviously
a lot of pieces came through with that
but he taught myself personally had a
how to become a real winner
Oh whistles crying Oh Lisa's crying with
those crying Sam's probably crying oh
good job you just went up and got his
stuff about him us even asking I guess
leaving your sunglasses on
look at this kid you look so cool no he
disappeared upstairs and came back down
seasons underway Oh God
stems loving then I was nobody there
oh I hope he's crying
yeah
Cubs parade was kind of crazy supposedly
there is an estimated money
I don't know if that's true but we're
just walking in the middle of the street
right now because Cubs fans have taken
over the city also just witnessed
someone proposed to their girlfriends
happen right there I was like a joke
look at this
Hey
we were able to put a Dick's never went
dicks yacht and got just the
championship shirt we were gonna bless
what we wanted to get the night of but
really well let's just order all lines
without the ticket home but let's just
get one shirt to go home with tomorrow
so we can wear on the plane and you know
like go back to Utah with our
championship shirt so we went and got
that and then same finally takes it
takes it when we got back when I was in
the checkout line and said she wasn't
sure if it was worth it and I'm so sad
Jen and I are either embarrassed or
proud to say that we sat in front of the
TV today for five hours five five hours
i watch and think I'm around even
recognized or happy no we loved it
this girl got our hands on some play-doh
but this kid did really good we somehow
managed he went from the TV for five
hours as well what we had a lot of fun I
think Sam I think he'll be happy he went
down as I talked to him about 3 p.m. and
he said that he was gonna go to sandwich
and get on a train and come home you've
been so good today yeah this just in
I got more word from Sam so he's on a
train home he did say it was worth it
he's glad that I couldn't miss it so
that's a good time
yay daddy daddy's on game
hey Dad
daddy's off stay right here stay right
here in the car oh you tired wow I
thought you'd be way more muddy I'm
impressed
oh we can't wait really I'm not much to
say except I stood for like eight hours
you got sunburned too yeah it seems like
it was the for you we couldn't hear
cheering people cheering no one was
cheering oh really we thought it was
just the sound we thought it was the
microphones like very disconnected
really yeah that's kind of sad I kind of
liked the bike Hux I liked some of the
speeches better in the Cubs but I kind
of like the bikes rally better yeah we
just kept stopping pause like where is
he crazy I don't even know if I saw like
any of them like really I was like
really I think before you buy crazy
people
yeah oh that's here so I did have fun at
the rally in parade I was like so
exhausted it was put together very last
minute I thought they would put more
planning into it and the rally itself
like the Blackhawks rally I feel like
everyone could see what was going on not
as many people could have been there
because it was at Soldier Field this
year this past year I like it being at
Grant Park because then everyone can
come that wants to but it was just so
hard to see things in today's day
because everyone has their arms up
everyone has their cameras everyone has
their cell phones and even though I'm
tall like I could just I could barely
see things it was really hard to
actually know what was going on I could
hear it which was good but actually
seeing it and I was close I was one of
the first people there I can't imagine
that hundreds of thousands of people
behind me or however many people were
there they also needed like the screens
to be higher and bigger and maybe the
stage just like a slightly higher it was
pretty low and there's like a big gap
between us and people themselves but I
really did have a good time I think my
favorite part wasn't necessarily the
rally itself but just being in the city
with all the Cubs fans and seeing
everyone so excited
that sort of celebration was awesome
standing around for eight hours that was
rough but yeah like I said seeing a
trend there a dream come true
really really cool hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog tomorrow you'll see us
traveling home as well as Penelope kind
of taken her first crawl I would call it
her first official crawl I think Jen
went to love you guys and we'll see
tomorrow face
