shorter upload today just wanted to
clarify things I had to re-upload the
video yesterday because it got muted
completely and when I went to try and
watch it it was like blacked out to the
whole entire video all 27 minutes and I
was so sad because I put so much time
into it so that kind of sunk I was gone
all day from 6:00 a.m. to late and I
came back was able to upload it again so
sorry if there was any confusion about
that here's the next day and then I have
more vlogs than need to edit now we just
made it back from Chicago but there's a
lot of Chicago footage I still need to
share with you guys so this is me
catching back up so I can continue to
roll out the vlogs every single day here
it is enjoy Noah myself and Jen visiting
the dentist the greatest dentists in the
world my dad if you need a dentist in
Illinois you should check him out it's
talking to me it's talking to me saying
howdy because his name's Howard hello
hello
good morning sweet world
I got like three hours of sleep last
night I still feel great writing off
that adrenaline where we going today
right now
Papa's office because we have an
appointment to get our teeth cleaned
this morning so uh that's good though
that's good this would be Noah's first
time his Papa's office right there
my dad's a dentist if you guys need one
he's awake
she's ready she's really kind of like
this little fat lean back you want to
four five okay okay here let's count
great open big really big big big big
big big big big big there's one hi look
that tooth look at that tooth out is
that - his name is Thomas
okay that's Tom did you know your teeth
have names no what
yeah open big let's go over here and see
let's see there's Cody hi Cody
oh there's loot hey boo there's oh and
there's there's Bob and Frank hi Frank
are you doing oh look at this one over
here it's talking to me it's talking to
me and saying howdy
does this name's Howard hello hello
hello hello hello hi guys close tight
all right
yeah that's doing pretty good
okay Noah I'm gonna put the light on
here we go one of me okay so Jenna the
only thing that you need them Sampath
you well he he had some crackers and I
tried to fresh after so they all got
some crackers in his tea to do a little
flaws because of this part right here
between his front teeth could get decay
it's not decay but it could ah there's
my new motto in life only floss the
teeth you want to keep you know is
getting a toy oh wait I shouldn't be in
here
sorry x-rays why do your teeth cleaned
guess your balloon
what else did you get what else did you
get let me see
I just said less than like waiting the
world cheese and I'm not the greatest
dentist in the world I'm go to the
dentist oh my I feel like you might call
right now oh my oh my you can do it come
on you can do it can you show her how to
crawl no do you know you know what
crawling is
oh realize that vlog since like the
dentist this morning same with parents
are teaching their church class tonight
and Sam's currently doing a really cool
edit for the video he's been working so
hard on this video cuz he's like I want
to show footage from previous games
we've been to and all that stuff so he's
having a lot of fun it's been playing
around but when I turned the camera on
to show you was that this girl she
officially can be in the crawling
position and then notes how to get back
onto her bum now which is what she used
to get so frustrated with she'd be on
her belly and loving it and then she'd
be like oh wait I'm done with my belly
but I don't know how to get out of this
situation so now she's crying I didn't
give her her late nap because she took
like a three hour nap or something crazy
so we're gonna go to bed a lot early
tonight that's been so fun I'm so glad
that we got to be here especially for
the game it was so much fun to be in
Chicago to like feel the energy of this
the city and everything it was during
the game is hilarious oh yeah so weird
but no joke her favorite thing that I'll
make her happy is sad like not even
joking patty-cake her favorite nursery
rhyme right now this is a terrible angle
whatever ready
cake patty cake Baker's man bake me a
cake as fast as you can
Pat it mark your recipe
