Cubby's I believe I believe every year I
don't know if this is our year maybe
next year might be the one after that
but this year in Chicago you're blessed
Wow
Sam constructs heroes and boom give us
the chance to feel like heroes to
innovate and any creature loose with our
God
the streets
I'll stand as a store world forever
his fellow men in the legends weed
I
to name
he'd been traditional solutions made new
a place where I fathers fathers daegu a
spiritual field
to the sky
Oh
hello
this morning we are going to go see my
grandma which is Noah and Penelope's
great-grandma
I think she's 93 yeah I'm doing anything
and we're gonna go eat lunch with her
set something we always trying to do
yeah cut interruption of this vlog we
flew out to see the Blackhawks win the
Stanley Cup they actually hadn't won yet
we just put our faith in the Blackhawks
we thought they're gonna win and what
did we do the day before or the day of
actually we went and visited my grandma
my grandma I think it's very good luck
or something
oh no would you find Oh fine your duck
oh you like careful with that you like
that I think I'm gonna let you take one
candy oh yeah there she's where she's
you want to hurt he I think we're just
gonna make it cat or something okay cat
that's left for my trick-or-treaters I
didn't have any precious oh oh you ain't
no peanuts today with your purple
that's a Grammys mommy did you are you
watching the cups oh yeah big that's
gonna win today
I hope so me too okay let's see what
year were you born
19:24 so you might've remember the last
time cousin because
I don't think I'd show me how you hit
the baseball pitch it to you yeah oh
gosh you got a daddy oh oh
that's a painful there's a red mark look
oh my never been so proud of that well
you just want to crawl and eat the grass
at crazier crazyer girl hi she wants to
play with Noah so bad included in all
the games and fun
should we go wake up Papa
it's time for Game six of the World
Series the other wind or it's over let
me lose forever but my dad's taking a
nap so we're gonna come up for the game
because he wanted to watch his game time
is it comfortable yeah it's great loving
it loving it sleep a hundred percent
cave the Cubs win we're all sleeping on
it tonight oh man oh that's huge
that was a really good start for the
Indians but Chris Brian that's why you
might be the MVP this year come on get a
hit get hit get hit
dang it yes yes summers got it oh my and
Brussels mini 2/3 oh no oh my is that
giving a record hi buddy Sam wants me so
himself change a poopy diaper during the
book series you know that baby is legit
poop and I'm joking probably over 10
times like 10 times today yeah it's bad
every time I know we've got chips and
dip come in fresh what
don't stop believin baby don't stop
believin he's doing it you're crawling
baby that was so thoughtful
you don't want anything under this we'll
get there right there oh I'm done you
want it
I want that daddy we're so close oh he's
got the treat and this guy is making
lots of shapes in his play-doh what's
your favorite sheep Noah triangle circle
square or oval oval never stop believing
unless your Indians
that's how you call it that's how you
call for the ball it just went crazy
well I say one more game let's do I've
been wearing the same outfit for like
the past couple of days because I feel
like well I've changed the shirts
underneath for the jersey because it
just brought some good luck I had to
keep keep the Mojo going I was super
nervous the entire day you guys are
about to watch it I just was so excited
and I've been a Cubs fan my entire life
if I had to rank my teams it's like Cubs
won a Bulls when B Cubs honestly have a
slight lead I have just so many memories
going to the ballpark within 12 hours of
coming home from my mission and living
in a Dominican for two years I was at
Wrigley Field it is like just always
been such a fun place to go with the
family there's no place I'd rather be
than here to watch it with my parents
who brought me to so many different
games and also my grandpa we went visit
my grandma well my grandpa passed away a
couple years ago he was a huge influence
on us and liking the Cubs he was so good
he was actually drafted by a major
league baseball teams ended up playing
cuz he wanted to be a family guy was
very successful in other things but I
just like my love of sports definitely
came from him my family and I was
gripping my grandpa and grandma's pillow
during the whole game trying to get as
much good luck as possible enjoy
there's a lot of kids here at Cup
jerseys on yeah I'm just trying to
spread pass the time until Game seven no
is so nervous let those double use
everything the tears are just a
membership we come here every day in the
winter
wow that's sweet
you the more
I need to film this I remember it this
block with wood and you glue the
captain's look at and then you just put
a marker out genius this place is
awesome
can you write with lights let's see show
mats time
whoa that is one of the coolest things
I've ever seen
watch this no it lets us spin the wheel
really fast
faster faster spin the wheel spin the
wheel spin the wheel go he made that's
awesome uh-oh
two people picked the Indians two people
who pick the Cubs game seven one hundred
eight years on the line people are like
well the Cubs you me back year after
year after year I want to win it now and
coming back down three two one would be
insane great it's coming on the rules
ready you ready for the Cubs gonna win
wow it's been the greatest baseball
season of my life regardless so many
wonderful memories with the family and
especially Noah Lamaze breathing right
now winning this game oh hi sorry baby
Wow and more spread our pant size have
gone up about three Kenny my goodness I
thought I was like no no you know I'm
holding my baby cuz you even if we lose
tonight I still got my babies three of
them meanwhile we're feeling back skin
over here very very very very very very
nervous nose and Plato though it's the
fourth inning I really need to get some
run to your favorite chance I think we
have theater and no DoublePlay
sacrificed by anything safe I think you
got it I think we got a TV that was
counted that was so risky oh oh
yes yes what yes so big Contreras has
been so bad that's huge I said in the
fourth inning we had to score got a
strike before they put Miller in
oh man buyers just hit a home run its
I'm so picky when stuff like this
happens I'm like why can't we have more
guys on base but it's run let's take it
let's take it it's a run to run
high-fives Noah Noah there you go baby
there we go nope you just went to bed
baby baby baby yes he notes oh right
right such a good base runner oh my
goodness oh man I was starting to get a
little frustrated because Joe Madden
made me doubt first again and I tweeted
out got to keep trusting in him he's
gotten us this far and David Rice just
hit a home run
oh man grandpa Rossi we're that the
momentum is coming back the momentum is
coming back coming for Thanksgiving who
else Anthony Rizzo and it's 9 o'clock
and Noah's still up he's got his jersey
on his jammies Oh someone's a pastor in
that time cuz it's the World Series I
should update you things are looking
grim not grim like the Cubs pitcher but
the Indians tied it up with a home run I
was feeling very very very very nervous
and
feels like we're losing even though it's
tied right now it's raining I'm still
keep believing hopefully we can pull the
job this I thought that was a hitch
anyone watching the game probably did to
people that didn't watch it I'm sorry
for all these fall clips this is a huge
part of my life and I don't like the
feeling right now that I'm feeling
oh really nervous
yes yes to run the to run this run its
run that's a run that's why where is
Jersey oh my goodness we gotta get
another run don't you set some chips
come oh my goodness
this game this is like a Disney movie
ran out but the Cubs have to win for a
depended Disney movie we need two outs
to win we scored two this is like the
most nervous I've ever been in my life
other than when I asked you to marry me
even though I knew you'd say yes
Wednesday Wednesday
Carlos is a Ricky
I just saw this guy that did a photo
shoot for him get it get it get it get
it get it oh oh I can't believe it
I can't believe it that is like that
Disney movie right up the Disney movie
I've never been I'm still shaking
my gosh oh my goodness hey just won the
World Series
a hundred freakin years hundred and
eight freakin years
oh my gosh oh my god I still just can't
believe it I cannot believe it I can't I
cannot believe this
yeah best game ever I think your dad was
you know angels in the outfield best
words I'm gonna belly
no tears where the tears baby I could
cry right now let it out baby cry that's
sports moment of my life oh my gosh
happy did happen I can't believe this
it's 1:00 a.m. there oh my goodness this
is amazing I can't believe it but I can
but I can't but I can
oh my goodness and Ben Zobrist one gen
show the back of your Jersey my dad he's
an Illinois boy - I love it love it
Giuliana my man boom or whatever she
does yeah everyone and their mothers I
think
warning goods right now we're parked all
the way back by Whole Foods this is
where we are over there is where Dix is
way far away down there deja vu time
when we did this with the Black Hawks
when they won except we've had to park
like three parking lots away and I feel
like there's gonna be nothing left for
us that I know you just said oh my gosh
oh oh my gosh this line right now
they're even in there holy crap smells
like stale beer and sweat
I mean we all aged today doesn't look
like we're getting anything tonight oh
yeah Wow
well we're leaving empty-handed but it
was fun to be no no weed there are
people that were there like as the last
out was happening and I'm not gonna do
that I wanted to take it in every single
moment I mean a shirt and things can
wait it was just fun to be there with
all the fans in line like we some line
for like an hour we then we just left it
was just good to see people and just
take it all in and talk about the game
it's really happened I feel like there's
like no I feel free as a sports fan I
feel free I feel like there's like
nothing that could make me feel terrible
again because I've just wanted to see
this
oh what a night what a night
we're gonna get our teeth cleaned then
right new to the parade and then we're
heading back to Utah I'm so glad we came
out here though
it has been fun hey these kids are here
only know the Cubs is being good that is
a mate Penelope you are one for one
amazing and you best wife ever
yeah love you
