I think you like sir hair oh hi I'm onna
for the night man
you ready to go trick-or-treating here
we go okay let's go I think it's only a
matter of time before
a Halloween tradition like any other oh
he's going straight in say thanks Grammy
okay with that don't the pink one that's
what I had growing up as a kid that's
like my my most vivid memory of
Halloween doughnuts this right here this
is coming get back this is the only how
I mean doughnuts they had their pumpkin
one no what's today oh he's a happy
Halloween happy hi Chuck Ajit thanks
kami oh we will be trick-or-treating in
three hours
t-minus three hours people we're really
excited I'm really excited for know her
to be Kristoff it's also kind of funny I
never thought my kid to be Kristoff
three years in the realm of Disney
family costumes
yeah what's the first epic honest oh
yeah we did make strong and this year
frozen okay this guy's first my favorite
yep my favorite Halloween costume
six years old I was winch why was that
your favorite what was so cool I had a
mask I had a hat
I was just excellent I grew up with two
sisters
I think they dress me up you grew up
with three sisters why'd you get dressed
up bad doesn't average favorite
Halloween costume yes um so in about
third grade
I'm guessing okay hold it under Grammys
mouth careful though good job when I was
in third grade I was a gypsy and my mom
made the most amazing costume
it was a yellow dress and then she took
scarves and sewed them all around like
waist down so just all the different
colored scarves insert photo here man
she so hand sewed sequins all around the
neck Wow on the bottom of the sleeve
then a little black mask it really is
amazing yeah this buck do this on okay I
think I had many a got many a Halloween
costume it's got a boom mic I can't
remember all of them right now I feel
like I'm gonna remember one later I
really love the year I was Harry Potter
I love the euro the band you actually
hear you butter I was actually Harry
Potter it's like I drew the lightning
bolt on my head and everything got
circle ashes I and then it was really
little though my friend Raquel had lots
of costumes and we just like rotated her
costumes like I was a witch and a
princess like every other year for a
little while
but maybe mom can remember my favor
hauling cars or something
I'm not I can't think about it it feels
like all of the activities that we kind
of wanted to do today happened yesterday
or things are closed today so we've just
been counting down the hours to get in
our costumes Oh Noah is so excited to go
trick-or-treating Penelope is just as
excited
I think Jenica is most excited oh my
goodness Penelope you look so cute on
your first Halloween so if you haven't
figured it out yet we are going with the
theme of frozen that was our third
option this year we had some other
options but based on where we are right
now and other things that's what
happened and I'm very excited I think
everyone's costume will look great now
that the best Halloween costume ever oh
and the candy put it in your bucket okay
for later go put in your bucket for
later
your first kami hurry
hi I'm on up for the night
hey where's my Christophe Christophe
where are you know it is so tired I
should not have let him skip his nap we
got Olaf we've got beautiful Elsa
she's already ripped off her snowflakes
but that's okay I don't put your hair
and we leave maybe she's dead tired so
tired is how the boys ready what are we
gonna say we go up to the dirt oh gosh
he's so tired
and already we're ready to go no why are
you ready to go trick-or-treating
he saw kylo Ren he's a little nervous
come on let's go let's go I've got my
little Elsa in the stroller men you
ready to go trick-or-treating here we go
okay let's go just go pick one out
say thank you what do you say know what
take your treat
oh how do you do - Oh what do you say
what do you say say thank you thank you
hey chickie chickie
so how are things going so far it's
beautiful night to look these trees out
here we do not have the same of kind of
foil at foliage foliage foliage they're
gorgeous bulge foliage Elsa how you
holding up
little little kids get coloring books eh
that's cool
how's it going good this is this has
been a blast I know everyone loves the
pool is very tired and quickly snapped
out of that the only adults you have
dressed up so far yes out of at least
100 before we have seen yep that's okay
that's okay
you forever dressed up yeah I think we
will mark mark my words remember this
vlog it just look one finger carrot on
top of your head it would be unicorn I
lost what you say he's got a good
costume go cup
I think he's falling like 10 times touch
the doorbell he always goes for the door
handle he end up like four yes yep Jen
says she looks like a Latin Anna push
the button there you go you got it you
got it this this camera does really well
in low light it's actually kind of
almost pitched back here in Illinois at
six o'clock it is already super dark
outside in Utah I feel like it's more
like seven o'clock so when the clock
changes again from even darker but we
are having a great time
trick-or-treating right now though no
one wants to go to every house it's
gonna be hard to get them to stop it
today people are so awesome play-doh and
coloring books yeah very good idea I
love the houses knowing that I felt like
soda cans like oh yeah you felt like
when I sort of cane or like there's 100
hotdogs which might be a little sketchy
now it has a teenager I thought that was
pretty sweet but my dad I remember one
year I think did toothbrushes with his
business name on it that's a great idea
he should do that every day all right
yeah yeah I think we got like an hour
and a half in the whole time yeah he's
tired now there we go sort the candy
yeah we'll only mean that he wants more
right dinner first dinner first
successful trick-or-treating did you
like that was really fun I think Noah
really good sit now candy do do fun
night
do you like Halloween did your friend
dressing up I should have given him a
freaking nap
gonna kick myself in the butt for that
one he stole a really good idea because
summer he got popcorn
are you just tired feeling sleepy no
sleepy it's only a matter of time before
I'm sure you just do the cider yeah I
think that's a sign of a good time right
there doing the lay on the couch yeah
should we have the couch Oh quick Oh cuz
stuff how was your Halloween today is it
fun um would you say to the houses oh
happy Halloween you say trick-or-treat
you say good night to everyone I can't
send you right black guy say chick Ajit
they took her Treat smell my feet give
me something good to eat
