it's really far away now you can get it
oh oh oh she's going
yesterday's walk I combined two days
together and I'm still want to use clips
that I didn't use in that vlog because
they're awesome and they just didn't fit
in the flow of the blog so here they are
today I really love them hope you guys
do as well also a week or two ago I was
sent an email asking why do I block
what's the reason why do I do it
we've been almost vlogging for three
years now it's one of the hardest things
to explain to someone who's not familiar
with YouTube so I'm very grateful that
vlog you mentoree now exists because I
can now direct them to that documentary
be like this is what vlogging is is kind
of like what we do but why do i blog
well number one I vlog because it makes
me happy I have a passion for taking
video for taking pictures if I wasn't
posting this online for many people I
would still be doing it because it's
something that I love to do before I
posted it on YouTube and it's something
that I've continued to love to do
especially as we've had kids in these
moments and I never want to forget
Noah's favorite thing to do as far as
watching something goes is watching old
vlogs and it fills me with memories it
helps me to see how I've grown helps me
to see what I still need to work on and
it's just a beautiful thing and then I
love every single moment that we have my
reasons for vlogging has grown as we've
gone on initially we were just doing it
for ourselves but now I also do it for
you guys because I've received so many
countless emails on people being
affected by our vlogs people telling me
that they were going through really hard
times but our vlogs were there for them
and I think that's something incredible
we may not be the biggest youtubers or
get millions or hundreds of thousands of
views but the support that we get from
you guys is so strong and so great that
it is something that we were able to do
full-time and that's another reason why
I vlog because it's one of the greatest
blessings of my life and something that
doesn't ever feel like a job to me I try
not to make it feel like a job but it is
kind of what we do right now
so it is pretty freakin awesome I vlog
because I love seeing how much my kids
have grown and changed we've grown and
changed as becoming a parents clearly
every single almost every single day of
his life which is just amazing I love
that he'll be able to look back on these
videos when he's older or whatever he
wants and he loves watching them because
they're like home videos to him and
that's what I've always wanted for
myself it was a lot harder to make
videos like this back in the day so it's
so easy to pick up a camera now you know
even if you don't post it to YouTube
whatever it's just fun to have and I
love that we make people happy it's fun
that people can find some that they find
joy in watching our silly videos and
seeing our kids grow like they take joy
and watching them grow like media and in
ourselves girl yeah yeah I was talking
on my dad about family history genealogy
and on the website he goes on and
organizes all of that there's not a
place for video you can link to video
but you can't upload video and I was
like video is the best part though we
are here in Chicago right now to be with
our family to experience moments
together to have Noah know who his
grandparents and his family is to have
the love and support of his family and
knowing that your family loves you like
that and then being reassured in video
has to be one of the most beautiful
things in the world and I'm just so
grateful for that and vloging has
definitely opened up many different
doors to us it's been an incredible
experience one thing I hate about
vlogging is I feel like to an outsider
or someone that doesn't know me it just
makes me look like a really vain person
I'm not obsessed with myself I am
obsessed with my family I love them so
much I'm so grateful to be able to
create these memories and most
importantly I'm grateful for you guys
because if it worked for you guys I'm
not sure if I would be able to continue
to do this it's it's it takes a lot of
energy especially talking it
three years in a row but because of you
guys I'm able to keep doing it I love it
and it's one of the greatest things in
my life I put a link to vlog you
mentoree if you guys haven't seen it I
think you can watch it for free with
YouTube bread I think that's how it
works you can even get a free account go
check it out and thank you guys for
always being there for us please enjoy
today's work
so there's a story here one time when I
was here I was held I thought I was
standing next to my mom or dad I went to
grab someone's hand
I started holding it and it wasn't my
mom or dad's hands I was scarred for
life I'm still scarred Oh Barney
Barney's here no I think he was here
Vanessa I don't know ideally remember
that Barney was here yeah
outfit kursi Aviva really cute they're
kind of creepy actually
yeah I think they would be very mean
well he only lasted about two days that
he died then he may be runnin after the
farm he's just smelling your hand I can
tell you're faking it or not
we made it out Noah you're a good leader
yeah you did cuter every day
Game five and we just started tuning in
right now with Papa who has been you
know talking a lot he's had a lot of
talk about the diaper changing in things
so we're kind of putting him on the spot
I won't I won't record this but I just
want to show that grandpa's do change
diapers sometimes hey sissy you wanna
keep going keep going
she's moving doing push-ups
that's really moving these oh it's
really far away now it's really far away
now you can get it oh oh oh she's going
she's doing like the worm
oh oh oh you deserve to play with that
for a little bit
you deserve to play with that for love
it that's a good bite hey I do you gotta
do
oh my god oh my goodness
oh the over it wouldn't be over oh geez
that's why you that's why we're paying
you the big bucks Chapman
hurry
