good morning sweet world I went to bed
before midnight I think I got actually
like 12 hours of sleep I still look
tired I feel the best I ever have in my
entire life ever get grimy in Papa's
house you having some yogurt what were
you doing outside yep and a good time
not say huh we're here at my house in
Illinois and I forget that some of you
guys have never actually oh we're
getting this pumpkin ready for PJ and
know if he wants to get in it too you
know some of you guys might be watching
the bucks for the first time I've never
seen my mom and dad so let me just
introduce you real quick now your name
is hey aka rip what's one fun fact about
you I am the oldest person in this
conversation
haha is he's a dentist I'm a dentist do
this is my mom her name is aka foxy and
what's a fun fact about here she is in a
singing group wait are you are you
performing what we're here huh she's not
singing you how long has it seemed
because we're in Cubs fever here so when
I was a girl
my dad had a box connie mack stadium for
the Philadelphia Phillies and then all
the time he was so fun what okay but
she's a Cubs game there you go was great
was grandpa more of a Cubs fan or a
Phillies fan in the undercoat there you
go all right let's get this pumpkin
cleaned out
Oh loving guys
good morning I Noah is talking so much
this morning all he didn't talk our
heads off I know talk about how he fell
out of bed and how dad have saved him
how he hugged me back to sleep
yeah it's really on our way to a little
another little pumpkin patch really gets
us up gets to carve I'm sad looking to
carve our pumpkins anything for November
as decoration yeah and I think a crying
baby you know - lp's happy will do yes
okay scary face skin Jake losing that
facedown happy Halloween
give me such ease
did you have in your paper worker pop so
awesome dude
welcome to downtown neighbors oh look at
these little cogs Legos they're so cute
Oh Jake Jake magic number three games
that's day attention everyone attention
they have the second book that's
Illustrated oh my word the second
alliteration books out we have the first
one
oh my goodness do you see that Amazon
you can give it from your Christmas
present that's a heavy coat ads like
that yeah we're not going to take that
no we did these beautiful illustrations
of Winnie the bows with that but this
look at that look at the beautiful
cherry red no we give Grammy a kiss
Louise your face Oh Penelope - oh for
mommy - Wow now everyone's kiss Grammy
wait let me see your face no let me see
your face oh you got a little like Queen
of Hearts lipstick lipstick look girls
are gross lipstick Oh Louise your face
let me see your face
wow the babes Mac took a long nap Sam
and Doug and no one to get a little
baseball team
they were successful
I don't think Noah has stopped playing
today he has played the entire day most
of it has been outside playing as well
Game three of the World Series and I'm
here in Illinois with my family Noah's
ready no are you ready for the game yeah
you're ready pop are you ready I'm ready
aah Grammy you ready just bring it in
here well we were trying to get cheered
on us because they did like the cheese W
but apparently that's not where we live
right now and we were hoping for cups
boxes but there's no Cubs boxes but
regardless
we got Jenna classic margarita fritz not
sad pizza this is a deep-dish pizza oh I
was gonna hold up my cut Mike hold this
up for the picture and I forgot yeah
pizza too
and then where's your pizza oh we got
some wings it's like deja vu whenever
right here is the vegan pizza right
there that's a rough one had her moments
they had greater moments even greater
moments to score even more we came back
down for the Dodgers to do what anything
can happen when or lose tonight there's
one thing that is certain we ain't good
tonight
I thought we were all gonna stay got our
salsas jalapeno jelly is taquitos cheese
guacamole that booze a little raspberry
cranberry spritzer
game for summary awesome those tonight
tend a day of that's a great baseball
the end hit with some great survivor
survivor night
we were supposed watched last night but
Sam Phelps we put 9:30 at night
before Noah he fells it before Noah
looked all night whoa first real night
of sleep in like forever
so we're watching tonight and we're so
excited also
