what's up hey what's up guys it's data
and yeah and we're bowling let's go yeah
today is the first day of the World
Series
it's morning we're just watching and
seeing what the guys have to say about
the game today even though none of it
will matter and Oh someone tired
it's a temper nap yeah were you jumping
over here six yeah she loves where's
mama
where'd she go in her car would you say
when she came downstairs yeah Jen came
down in her workout clothes and Noah
goes mommy are you going running and
then started to run in place are you
gonna go ready to okay I think you need
some shoes and things yeah anyways good
morning sweet world
it's have a good day
no one got a target catalog in the
nation today with all the toys happy why
and we've been sitting looking through
it together to see what he wants for
Christmas
although it's probably not the best idea
because with his personality you know
what things like Christmas to be now
looking at all the toys you think I want
that stuff now but he's doing pretty
good just looking and we're like scoping
things out look at the outfit my first
Halloween Oh TV we got the boots
we got them with the butter some little
polka dot sweat pant things a little
black tutu or leggings first Halloween
shirt hey buddy ready go the pumpkin
walk we should a very very funny thing
happen Sam we were loading up and we
pulled out and Sam says if the UPS comes
if I see him on our way out I'm coming
back home and literally we pulled out of
our house and like there he is thank you
guys new coats around the corner it was
so funny we've just been following him
because they're like it's gonna be a new
guy he didn't know where he was going
it was so funny
he finally made it to our house we
pulled back into our place because we're
like he's gonna come anyway okay now we
are officially off to the pumpkin walk
Noah's been so patient today
he took we told me we go right after his
nap and he waited even until sissy woke
up so tempers and also daddy said that
someone learned how to crawl out of a
crib today yeah but he only tries those
things when he's like upset and feeling
he was in timeout and he got out of his
crib within two seconds like I put him
anything he wants to see the box oh
there's the box you open it my brother
David stopped by Rome when we're about
to leave is law so yes I think he'll
come back later and watch the game with
us today
Oh mention this little creature north
California Sam loves his little mystery
things you know you know how I've been
super lucky and I got that stormtrooper
well we went to a comic store
and Noah wanted to get one of these
Disney vinyl figures and I love the
stuff like this I'm like thanks I can't
deny but there's all these people in the
back that you can get and all he wanted
to get was Elsa yes he sure enough he's
like just hopped on the bandwagon
recently a person and I'm sure enough
they open it up and it's Elsa it was so
funny
this kid probably loves leaves we need
to take him to a place just like this
make a giant pile and jumping up Wow
already want to make meat piles and jump
in okay let's go do something like this
little Park is beautiful all the fall
leaves are gorgeous right now but let's
go through boo yeah we're gonna go this
way
what are those birds what's that bird
called I think this is already my
favorite favorite tree
dance yeah yeah kinda funny here at the
same time okay I see the ghost
the background looks like it's a small
this might be one of my favorite look at
this paint job it's amazing
that's cool these ones are paint it's so
amazing the scary this sand
that's a funny Doctor Who box I like how
they did the desert and the moon one on
the I know I love that do you picture
babe take your face through stick your
face on glacier no no no go stick your
face stick your face through figure out
there with Daddy today in buzz put your
thumb way through Noah oh my gosh so
funny
you're Ariel gonna be Mickey Mouse
Mickey Mouse's over here go see man
Mickey Mouse
you don't the shake your bass a very
good job on their faces I'm not gonna
it's very accurate very accurate
I was dream I was fairly fairly
impressive pumpkins it was your favorite
I love the Georgia O'Keeffe one they
called that one my favorite was the
Hamilton one I just like when people do
current like current events and things
just like the election ones clever
yeah but I really thought the Hamilton
ones are very sweet yeah dude I thought
the paintings on some of them are so me
you feel like oh so like oh set looks
good like the scenery I mean uh-huh and
then like the pumpkins themselves even
the placement of where they put their
scene in the park like in the park yeah
awesome so the people that do those it's
just people that live here in the city
so it could really like Sam's Club all
right you know it's just different
groups like the Boy Scouts of whatever
all right just a full volunteer to it
it's pretty cool
best guy ever by monsters in 2000 he is
a monster
he's hit that all on his own not even
joking you saw everyone on the screen
doing it so he did it feeling emotional
this is really happy we're in the World
Series and that's why I know associated
to American flags with baseball right
there here we go first pitch no I say go
cubbies no I just spilled some sauce on
my Jersey but some reason with jerseys
sometimes I'm like I enjoy the sauce in
the stains because it's close memories
of enjoy the game it's better when
you're actually at the stadium anyways
this game game number one scares me the
most
I think Kluber matches up well the Cubs
his off-speed pitches I'm hoping we can
hit him
we've had some troubles in the past but
we haven't seen the ball well lately so
yeah we had a good chance but I wouldn't
be surprised if for these gamers we're
losing to 2-0 and it's only the top of
the second at least we got free tacos I
expect many free tacos this game I don't
know if they stack big picture here yep
this is exactly how I saw this game
going so far I texted that to a couple
people a new game one would be hard
meanwhile the hope is jumping and Jenica
and Noah have made this elaborate Train
Trek that even goes under the train
track so far has all this so far is way
better than this
well I was getting Noah ready for bed
and Jonah was putting Penelope in her
bed
the base is reloaded I think we had zero
outs and couldn't get anything done so
I'm not sure if we deserve to win
tonight we can't get anything done with
the bases are loaded and there's zero
outs that it's only three two zero I
mean that could have been huge any for
us and now schwarber is up right now
still feeling good though about the
series I expected a game like this not
this bad but similar to this so I'm
gonna keep my faith alive an L flag flag
can remember I started the baseman
second baseman ball segment of this
video but I do believe I said that I
thought we'd probably lose Game one and
that's what happened and it was exactly
the way I thought we'd lose it Andrew
Miller was pretty good we had our
chances we just didn't execute so
perhaps the Indians
I was hoping for Cubs in five just
because if they win it I want them to
win it in Wrigley Field I would take
Cubs in any amount but I think it's
gonna be a good series and we'll see
what our team is made of once more
tomorrow go to bed nice to win today
what's up dude how's it going what are
you gonna be for Halloween baby no what
are you gonna be for Halloween
