hi hi
we are on our way home we just passed
through crimp food and now we're making
our way to my brother Matt's house
staying with him tonight although we are
tempted to just put the kids to sleep
and then like let him in the car and
just keep driving from so anyway kids
have been great they okay no one's
better on car rides and better in the
car than they've been out of the car
lately right go figure
I think the park city helps contain I
think certain expectations are that and
from the car where they're bringing me
in here for a while now right so doing
great is patients in the car yeah this
is pretty much our view for the next
three hours see you soon pitstop almost
there dude let me see you oh did this
coolest kid I know right there I came
outside for him going the bathroom and
getting some water and he's just
chilling Oh be careful at the car man
he's just chilling there with the shades
on hey we're almost the Mets
excited we made it really I'm like I am
so happy with how wow this is gone oh
hey guys you might hope you really do
look like oh heck yeah did you yeah just
because they're yeah well we'll do an
Instagram or our memory I will just take
pictures in the day she's keep yeah I
know it's been very entertained by Haley
the baby boy is here hi baby
oh wait you kind of and he hasn't cried
for a solid 30 minutes straight don't
jinx it
this is Thomas he's been since you've
been here last time in today Yeah right
it's very ecology he's my best thing
ever we are gonna make the last way this
baby goes he's in a car and Noah she's
so tired this is her very tired today
just blame me the best Kim look at this
guy here was the camera guys they gave
it to us for free just kidding I don't
want it my watch Oh God
bad you guys didn't miss this yes I do
who went under his bed we're back we got
the camera fixed it feels so good oh my
goodness you look beautiful you do too
hi hi Epson bad news and popping hot
gray we didn't win any World Series
tickets
we can't go man really can watch at home
okay me and Papa yeah
Oh see that's I'm talking about nothing
better than me with the fin it's funny I
just I feel like I can vlog again I like
Aidid vlogging another camera I hated it
I hated that some ideas I feel like I'm
back a back baby yeah baby anyways yeah
I just got ever did yeah it means it
just busted we it's been through five
hundred six hundred bucks that's one
thing we're about to get to our thousand
vlog I need to count it up exactly in my
editing and things nice I didn't even
eat in today and it's like four o'clock
I've just been trying to get all my
stuff done in Qatar anyways we're about
to hit a thousand vlogs which means wow
that's like three years of vlogging
almost well we've taken a couple days
off but I want to know because I want to
make a very nice special heartfelt
beautiful fun funny 1000 blog montage
video thing other than the kids births
you know those are like some of the
biggest moments top box top moments of
our life what has been one of your
favorite samokov moments over the
thousand blog history please post it in
the comments I might bring this up again
and also if you have a link to the video
where it's found that will help even
more because I want to make
just an awesome video to remember
everything and I think I'll become then
Noah's favorite video cuz he loves
watching the Bucs we're back baby we're
back we got a camera back no more
smudges the vlogs are back baby
did you like cute today I like your
outfit you're welcome
do you like my outfit yeah I'm wearing
blue what else I got a hat on
okay I usually start wearing a hat when
I need to get my haircut you had a hat
on backwards - I know I saw you earlier
when you riding your bike have a hug
again hmm thanks buddy
love you crawling update or getting
closer she actually loves being on her
tummy now she loves rolling around and
moving and someone really likes the
attention and someone really like
doesn't like when the other person has
the attention yeah Wow yes he's doing
the word right now now if you just did
the full body roll he'd be doing the
worm but she's doing really good I think
by Thanksgiving she was borshu for sure
be crawling Jen always wonders where her
breast pads go apparently they just fly
around like little frisbee discs and
you're wearing like a sweater she just
wishes she could they go from crawling
to sitting you know it did that pretty
early like you figured out how to scoot
back and sit down but she can't quite
get that and she hates she likes rolling
around these days I think we're I've
said it like a week or two ago but I
think we are any week now yeah any week
5 you fillers yeah I think we will be in
Illinois
I'm almost positive actually for
Halloween which kind of changes
Halloween oh yeah Halloween duh
in our costumes but it's such a weird
thought to think that Noah will probably
be trick-or-treating in the same exact
neighborhood and houses that I did as a
kid I never really thought that would
ever happen that's crazy
we were treated to many delicious meals
while we were with family so we are back
to reality
Jenna's cooking up a nice meal yeah
although we are eating out was pretty
good me this trip was very inexpensive
just because of all the hospitality and
just how nice a friend was I mean you're
hooking up with Disneyland tickets me
being able to go the game because of CP
and send family treating us to many
different meals so got some zucchini and
squash is that squash herb oh wait what
is it what's this zucchini and squash
and some peppers as well as some chicken
like I shouldn't be fora and generate
some basmati rice I was also thinking
that maybe we should do a live stream oh
my gosh we do with a full World Series
Game one or full World Series Game two
or just like a couple innings because
the kids usually have to go to bed
during one of the innings so we're gonna
be able to do a full game what do you
guys think should we do one maybe on
YouTube or something could be kind of
fun it would be really happy and sad
together depending on my team you're
rooting for
and cheese off and Noah's off to go see
his girlfriends Noah's obsessed with the
neighborhood girls and they are obsessed
with him he even tried to fix one of
their bikes today with the screwdriver
even though I really didn't know what he
was doing he was just acting like it I
think there's a lot of guys that
probably do that and look look who's
helping cook the food by jumping we put
a solar panel underneath her so every
time she jumps it powers the house and
the electricity I guess it wouldn't be a
solar panel then this device is hooked
up to something to power electronically
the house every time she jumps it just
pushes the surge electricity keeps the
lights on I'm just giving it's good to
be back there's nothing like sleeping in
your own bed
last week was definitely well the best
weeks all right here it was really good
to get away clear our minds and just
have fun with family and a couple days
more we'll be heading back to my house
in Chicagoland area that's we're gonna
be doing trick-or-treating which is
crazy to me because I have so many
memories as a kid trick-or-treating in
my neighborhood and it's like I've never
pictured my own kids being there to
hopefully the Cubbies do well in the
world series if you're an Indian's fan
best of luck to you someone tweeted me
today a link to the Today Show on
submitting a video or photo or something
to try and win tickets I think I might
make a video like sit down do some facts
about me make a nice little video and
submit it remember a favorite memory of
the thousand vlogs as well tomorrow
which is actually today I'm about to
post this vlog right now we are going to
a pumpkin walk thing no one's gonna love
it they decorate all these pumpkins in
the pumpkin walk and then it's Game one
of the World Series so we're pretty
excited over here for me a fun festive
day we'll see you guys tomorrow love you
peace
