it's that time again we are almost to
our doctor oh you guys have no clue what
this morning was like I'll say our
smallest was fling in poop everywhere we
go over here Picasso soldier over oh my
gosh third time what's going on Lila
anyway and a happier note we're about to
get to our ultrasound and we're really
excited I'm like I've got like a little
bit of bubble guts because I'm so
excited
so PJ what do you think as the baby in
mommy's belly a boy or a girl
what do you think boy or a girl girl
servants are closer toward your feet be
seeing your back so I'm gonna take
advantage of that and look at the sky
heart beneath the ribs as well as we
follow our way
BJ do you see on the screen ok let's
start up the head you just let me know
if this is too much pressure here ok oh
do you see you dad do you see that
twisting and turning right now that's a
little Wiggles finishing a few of the
normal structures what do you see
and I just do overall measurement that's
mommy
but above that there can you see the
little eyes yeah oh my goodness
I like always blows my mind looks like
no npj oh it's like the best ultrasound
in Iraq
I mean like you're so extensive about
everything it's awesome it's crazy
there on the court kind of horsing
around the time Wow another turret
pterodactyl here
that's crazy sauce of blood going and
not in the heart is that new feature
again my scanning is just a little
different yeah that's cool yeah that was
like that was like the most extensive
ultrasound Eve everybody was like oh no
I don't think I'm like like wow this is
incredible at all times and they could
have been wrong and I'm just how can you
say that it looks just like no I felt
the picture just like this of Noah I was
thinking of the little foot but oh my
girl I mean I don't know I don't know
she said she could tell which my have
more of a voice I know that's like
Teradek don't know it that's what like
fugitive I mean they all so cute I know
it's crazy
hey Pooh Picasso would you think yeah
yeah you see the baby
did the baby yeah look at the foot you
see the baby's foot Wow I hold here in
my hands I can see through it no you
can't just a paper Sam
this is the gender it's nice and sealed
and I want to open it so bad although
now I'm feeling like I was reading that
it's a boy
I feel like if they can tell but then
again you can tell I don't know what you
said though before just going in today
I'm going today going in today I would
have said girl but I don't know see
we'll see but now I'm thinking boy I've
always been thinking boy it could be
their way it could've really could I
mean it she was a great she was a great
ultrasound tak I don't think she'll be
wrong
she probably knows what to look at for
real quick and then she said she could
already tell and I was like well can I
tell that because I'm like a genuine
into this thinking she would know
automatically I didn't look between the
legs I closed my eyes like I was
supposed to did you close your eyes I
did I try to film with the camera oh did
you I think was probably bored and I
couldn't really see I mean is that part
so now Sims you're gonna go home we're
waiting we're waiting do and I want to
rip it open right now let's just wait
till the day before know what really fun
the day before lets you were gonna have
tomorrow as if he now predicted a year
now he's give birth although she did to
the baby's big which so she's gonna
check to make sure my dates right so
maybe we'll go up a little bit yeah
she's like the baby's really big which
is funny I mean I have big babies but
they never tell me that my babies are
big my last doctors were always like
yeah it looks good everything looks good
baby looks on track and then I had a
huge baby so it's kind of interesting
that baby was messaging stuff and it
said like 99% really we're excited can't
wait now me PJ gonna go to the store
while Sam and it's the wives tale vlog
and get eggs and smooth egg one weird
one me to get party cannons shoot
confetti everywhere always really
excited I thank thing okay yeah he is he
keeps saying mom after school I'm just
Nash egg challenge I think that the
smash egg challenge which is really
funny so he's gonna really enjoy
cracking eggs on Sam's head let's just
hope they don't pick the wrong one first
there's no point if it's just like the
first egg you grab whoa okay I know I
may ask you what do you think it is I
think it's a girl she's a girl the
babies it's a girl girl but no what's a
boy right you think it's a boy he's
gonna help us die X right
okay put one and put that one in the
blue but be soft be soft and put this
one in the red oh we need more we need
more dye yeah
hey grab two more one in each one
Wow okay so these are the hard-boiled
eggs one in each one I should have heard
about one more it says now there's only
one left
I don't know what color to make that one
okay I'll buy it then leave that one for
me to die okay we're doing it our way
and over here is the answer but have to
take one out unless they're having twins
but we just don't know oh yeah you'll
have to dye that one whatever color that
one is right right it's opposite oh my
gosh Monica is I'm not to mind out for
me just like I wanted and I'm trying to
hide part that look like these are
different no that's a hardwood Jen's
looking for the clues here just like
that so I don't think they'll be able to
yeah I don't think you will okay done
now the answer where's the answer let me
at least rip the seal Hey
let's see what the answer is I hope it's
a girl so are you as a friend
yeah
