oh good morning sweet world you're
watching simcha vlogs peace say peace
peace and the California you excited BJ
but look at how it is okay you come in
you walk in there's a lot of smoke and
fire I think it's a semi-truck
not dude you ready where are we headed
I'm gonna see app this has been the
hardest it's ever been to pack to go
somewhere and we're driving which has
made it harder actually because
sometimes when you're flying you are
very limited to them on a space you have
and I feel like I actually packed my
suitcase well but we're bringing like
baseball gloves and bats and bikes and
helmets so all the snacks you need
things to do in the car diapers so I
think we're set
hopefully I even put some movies on the
iPad I put frozen cuz know has been
obsessed with that and I've never even
seen it so I got that and I think
monsters University and a bunch of
Halloween episodes of Disney shows
because he's been loving Halloween
lately we're only one half way tonight
we're gonna go to where Matt and Haley
live we have a hotel there for tonight
kind of hopefully catch in the Cubs game
if we make it in time they were already
about a halfway to our location
stretching our legs how's the drive so
far PJ she's been so good she has been
she's been quiet the whole time this kid
got a little hyped up after frozen
saying some let it go first my ears nose
you gotta get all your Wiggles out
because we're gonna get back in the car
yeah Wiggles out you just pose hand up
okay so I still have not finished the
child was for a buck license plates
there's a call huh
but last summer I was on our last road
trip so now I'm like I want to finish it
on this road show I don't think we're
bad news no I think we put give
everything we have to try and be the
best parent Oh tall sometimes we messed
up some days are under than others but
does never stop getting educated people
right it's true this this wouldn't
really interesting we've learned that no
it has a type three personality I would
say these days very determined Rises
physical yes determine - yes just active
his personality is shown through
physical movement yes
actions
getting down playing with someone and
they like to be interacted with and
things like that and if they feel
they're not being heard or they need to
communicate something they'll just get
louder and louder and louder
it's been happening today already
because
and towards that the car and then the
loudness comes during frustration and
also excitement right yeah frustration
and excitement wanting to be heard they
just get loud until there but it's very
interesting I definitely recommend this
book it's been very helpful because
there's also it talks about some like
four different personality types
and I feel like you might be they could
type - animal - no sir - sir - tell me
I don't think she's type three like no
no I think she's different I don't need
their because no it how much it's like
dogs and wagons still like you feel a
bit change it was talking about like
it's just it says like for babies they
just like will scream really loud and no
we did a lot of them every night at
midnight I think the cool thing about
this book is it gives you like tips on
what you can do ya want to communicate
better with your child and say to like
make them understand you that's the
hardest thing about being a parent
and so hardest thing about adults
sometimes - it's just communication
right right so it's been pretty I
there's a lot of things I feel like 90%
of the stuff we've figured out on their
own
yeah like not how we communicate with No
this was before before Jenna was reading
me about all the politicians yeah I was
I was out there which I don't like
politics I actually hate politics but
I've been reading up because I just
wanted to educate
now we're doing parent so now we're
educating yourself on parenting
I'll let you know what we learned good
luck mount childless Bert what's one
thing you hadn't done how to communicate
like what's a good way I'm getting on
his level
let's definitely give it
you know like if you need to get their
attention and they're not responding to
you by like calling to them go to them
get down and touch them let them know
that you're talking to them
I think it was interesting they said
don't tell them it's wrong right you're
doing cuz and they feel like their
energy and their personality is like
they should get it right you divert that
energy in another direction other
direction we really try to do it all the
time so they're in last night when we
were jumping at all dumpy house yeah
there are some other kids there is like
this could get pretty interesting yeah
I'm gonna divert know his attention and
energy no come over here try jump inside
you can touch my head yeah and then
there's no other kids I'm still learning
that sometimes I forget that I need to
like just change his course into another
positive outlet a sailboat just wind
flowing through it yeah it's so sweet
and awesome
but there might be a buoy or two there
that you don't want to run into and
very determined children I love is first
I love it I love it
there's about Noah that I wish I yeah in
Mike naturally yes
yeah it's just yeah it's great right now
he's sleeping peacefully like a little
my little baby we made it stop and get
some food you're starving really haven't
eaten today watching the playoff game
right here kind of freaking out
but my my family is keeping me calm
because this is what matters right here
he enjoys doing somebody having fake
things to do responsibility like thanks
for helping if someone Falls he should
be the first run over and help out
contract three nothing now copier
bye-bye baby this here's the lucky but
hey they worked out man let's go dude
let's go hang out with Matt and Haley
and write your cousin record oh yeah
Riker
we've made it pits that pit stop with
the cousins well just one cousin dude
he's got a Cubs hat on you got to give
him some skin smells like pumpkin
goodness in here Dean right Colonel aww
do you know Uncle Matt took wrestling
class yeah man
I wrestled ready jump on it jump on inoa
too late for that man and you know that
longer wait do you not have a dryer you
just hang dry I'm like I gotta step out
oh my gosh it's so crazed the last time
we here the garden was just insane up
dead NASA and now the garden season is
over
Wow Matt look there's a huge one up
there just gonna just come alive moving
on the ladder
how many Matthews does it take to get a
ladder
everyone this is my brother no oh gosh
please oh gosh this doesn't seem safe oh
my god no can you get the Apple fake it
no see that one right there grab it grab
this big apple oh now it's gonna be
squishy against my head oh that one just
seems a little we try no I swear they're
juicy is a yummy that's all you need is
one app sweet
okay let's go
where's he learned that that's not like
we're learning that he's doing Squatch
doing squats right now all right we're
back in the hotel at a fun travel day it
went really well the kids are really
good hopefully tomorrow is even better
we're driving a little bit farther
tomorrow but our setup is kind of funny
this is technically one room but look at
how it is okay you come in you walk in
you have the pack and play here we got a
bed here no is that were you sleeping
tonight first time in a big boy bed
we'll see how it goes and then you have
this room is will with a bed and TV and
table there's no bathroom there's no
bathroom in here nope it's just like an
extra room so guess it's a sweet kind of
it's good nice that way I guess
hopefully I can sleep well the Cubs game
is tied right now the Dodgers just had
the bases loaded and it's for two months
so feeling kind of nervous there's like
a lot more pressure going to California
with the Cubs results because we aren't
trying to go to games you know we're
trying to go to some games but we are
also going to see family we've been
waiting to go to California like oh this
is the perfect timing with the Cubs
there too we can just have fun doing
everything so hopefully they went
tonight they don't we'll still be
excited when I say good night
say goodnight you say peace oh my
goodness guys cups at a grand-slam and
then another homerun to win it couldn't
record it because I was laying next no
there's a good game I'm nervous about
tomorrow and now say good morning Casey
I know you thank you you say good
morning sweet world
we're off day two and to California you
excited PJ are you excited yeah all
right yeah let's get your shoes on let's
get the bags Rico let's hear your
suitcase in the car
it's so close to the ground
oh it's that way that way
so go from a good nappy I got her a new
little hanky toy a little meter/second
theatre see
like any toy pitstop I usually don't get
humble but today I did
know what's up what you in dude you owe
me cuacamole and rice are you didn't by
yourself or with someone else you're
sharing it with mom
and Penelope has some vegetable puree
fire
family to make sure record him feeding
the baby
he helps to the last time we true
through Vegas I want to say it was when
we first started vlogging
I think it was 10% longing to eat three
or four of us lagu and they're like oh
my gosh you're driving home some
Christmas from that Christmas break when
I got the camera
I have a problem when we go on road
trips if we're driving I feel like I
like have to be you know Boy Scout
always prepared I computer monitor here
to play xbox get my basketball shoes how
do these wears books Christmas my sister
got us baby outfits this ones if you
have a boy and this ones if we have a
girl
okay okay I gotta get going I don't know
your face is turning red
did you know brain dead that guy does
realize into this deep
all right let's wish stats that's here
day for to be remembered forever we just
did a periscope in traffic we're
stopping for guests
this guy's asleep haven't made the best
time today as far as travel speed goes
but at least we're safe happy having fun
kids are doing great can't wait to get
there
I love Zzyzx Road shout-out to zigzix
Road exit 239 whoa this gem has been
extra long because we've had to get
through sand suits dance standstill
traffic like three times three times
three or four times like it's like we
finally get through and they're like
yeah sweet and then we start speeding up
great hi the kids have been amazing that
the kids have been so good so good I'm
so grateful
it means they're probably coach been
there for like hours after seven hours
baby seven hours already
yeah we looked at ten I'd say about six
hours we boys still have about an hour
forty left but I think there's a car on
oh yeah for sure there's a lot of smoke
put a lot of smoke and fire I think it's
a semi-truck I don't know anyway this is
the max that we're now I hope no one's
her we're gonna see if we I do see the
smoke
I'm currently drawing pictures for Noah
to color in to keep him occupied I drew
him Mike Wazowski and Sully
yeah monster ink
you've him entertained he's watching
Zootopia and the babe has been so good
I'm so proud of her how long how long
did he we're sitting there an hour okay
probably now I'm gonna finally moving
past accident and a semi completely like
blew up I don't know yeah they did
they're still spraying it down the front
of the cab looks fine Oh
we made it through the traffic no way
you did so good yeah I would they put
the fire out when you got this little
babe chillin back here with the babe it
was half a quarter both good thing that
we were sticking the traffic is maybe
that very busy day for it I thought I
was able to change because it was fans
so we were like out of their cars ahead
of us and stuff okay onward
sweet girl yeah baby
Oh third driver dad hey number one
number one
no I just said more fire the gods our
students
it's dark outside we finally made it
oh so to wrap our delay turn f3r delay
oh my god we've been in the car for
probably too long eight nine hours today
and the kids did that rockstars know is
actually this is the first time whining
right now he did not cry the entire day
you did so good and you know what
nothing is greet you for your reward
we're going to Disneyland I think I did
worse than the kids for him hey great
party and go dude playing tomorrow
that's not right hopefully some accurate
if these pieces of wood could talk mom
huh
that okay see look at that
