hey hey we're going to give me that oh
oh we're going to Disneyland
just three best friend that you ever did
see
just the three of us we can make it if
we try just the three of us but we
really miss Noah because he's sleeping
right now and he we want actually just
the four of us okay we uh pulls my hair
as you guys saw we had our family photos
done the other day you know it was done
by Jen's good friend Rachel and we
actually got them back to the next day
yes a box yeah so we just wanted to
there's a bunch that we had that we
really liked
they made a favorites folder of their
favorites so we thought we would just go
through those go okay wow I really like
that we're all on this one together but
I wish I could this is the only one I'm
like a little bit we took a lot of I'd
say we took the most pictures of us all
together as a family
this one's really cute I love that way I
just love to not be in that one this
one's one of my favorites I just posted
on Instagram yeah yesterday even though
we're giving you a kiss no so cute oh
that one cuz I'm longing your eyes are
closing this one is staring at Noah so
we have a bunch of these here's us
throwing Noah up in the air that was
Rachel's idea she's like alright nothing
as high as you can
he was so good on this photo shoot look
at that one yes look at you guys we do
have like both have jackets I wish I had
my jacket have been like opened oh yeah
I'm waiting to post it good-looking
that's gonna sneak peek at some that you
might see on the instagrams
yes oh I always say that's Chrissy
cheeks squeeze so yeah my ears gen3 Noah
up in there I didn't get him as high
oh okay not one just shocked me I was
mentally prepared for Noah to like just
make stink face the whole time but he
did so good oh look at them they're so
cute
Jen posted that one yesterday yeah I did
Oh little buddies they're gonna be best
friends
Noah's been fairly well with her the
past week yeah he's been really good he
sometimes should it be a little more of
aggressive brother than we'd like him to
this is that moment you guys saw in the
video where he's like yeah baby
oh my hair he's just like what lover
like it yes
Gia's look-alike um we're getting there
one day we will look like how do we even
look more like she doesn't really
forgiving one of us right now but only
because she's blonde hair and we would
have brown hair thought but she looks
like she's our child like in this
picture I feel like she no look I look
at my kids right they look like they're
both Asian right right right I was
looking at the age of baseball players
like Chris Brian I'm like wielder than
him and I like other ones and I'm like
oh gosh maybe old my age yeah 30 no I'm
not
here's a one of our I'd say this is
almost my favorite photo but Penelope
wasn't looking just because he
captivates like Noah so well it's like
thumbs like Jesus I really like that
face I might actually I might try and do
that I think I can make it happen
naturally I think you could we'll see
what happens
I don't love the ones of me of us from
far away
I like the up-close ones because I visit
I wasn't sucking in enough it's like our
very like wide yes I so like my jacket
makes me look a lot bigger
I might flowy grandma's shirt makes me
good luck cuz I click right there I look
like a freaking like like I could like
plow just through a brick wall just like
like and I mean we are see I like these
ones like on the side they're not it's
not bad yeah thank you
we are tall and like generally larger
people I guess Burbank these are just
the favorites well
like our faces like if you want to see
more of them yeah those were their
favorites thank you
I like the Minoans even better yeah we
can do a video or you'll just have to
stay tuned on Instagram the other ones
us to smiling that I think I really like
how they turned out though I love them
so thank you Rachel thanks oh you send a
link to instagram at the bottom if you
want to check her do you want to see
yourself
oh hey yo see um lunch I'm hungry
hey we're going to give me vent
oh we're going to Disneyland we are
heading to California this weekend we're
gonna make we're gonna drive and then
we're going to take you guys for the
journey I think we're gonna do lots of
Instagram videos will vlog it we are
going to see Jenks family and we're
going to see some of my cousins yeah I
am going to Game three of Dodgers Cubs
for sure most likely Game four and
possibly Game five because the price and
our decent and actually I might have a
sponsor taking me to Game four okay edge
I'm pretty excited that yeah so really
excited and I'm really on Monday and my
sisters making with us and I'm so
excited we're gonna spend the day at
Disneyland California venture and it's
just awesome
Julia you rock and you know it's very
sad keep seeing saying I grab hot you
know stuff like that it's really funny
yeah so are we gonna be excited let's do
it
and I'm you see my best friend hey today
my friend actually serves a blog and she
posted this awesome recipe for pumpkin
chocolate chip cookie muffin things cake
muffin things I'm not really sure what
you'd call but just the ones are in
green so that was super easy because I
love means him love pumpkin chocolate
chip anything it's cake mix pumpkin and
so many chocolate chips you just
combined them all it's a 15 ounce can
this is only use half of this big one
they only had big ones at the store
difference for the winning okay
baking with it I know what I mean okay
busy baking agenda no less Hey yeah a
semi-sweet come if you like it I'm gonna
open this we can spoon it out and put it
in here enjoy your stay
I wonder if I have enough
okay I learned you know that first mess
bothered me whatever I think he said
that I good and then she's like then I
realize I just the quality time spending
with your kids in the kitchen
no like there ain't spending quality
time with you or they could be on couch
on the iPad not you know not something
time with you or together so I've been
trying to let him help me whenever keep
along together wants to do even though
it makes a mess and I get a little
frustrated and you get frustrated happen
we got them in there great sure you can
make them cookies or whatever you want
but since we had cupcake tins we're
doing cupcake things really all how
they'll turn out hopefully I mean did
you guys know that Healy's are making a
comeback let me know if you know what
Healy's are because I feel like most
people should know if Helius it's like
the shoes that the wheels and the heels
you can ride you know like you ride like
yeah you know I remember in elementary
school my brother Andrew was obsessed
with Healy's and he got a pair and was
just like healing all over the place but
it's really hard actually to like get
your balance and do it anyways a lot of
the neighborhood kids have Healy's
they're coming back guys and it's
awesome
so anyways one of the little
neighborhood boys who lives across the I
got the other side of the neighborhood
it was like riding around Healy's and
saw no outside and just like stopped and
started playing with him it's so sweet
and this girl how did you get over there
how are you doing that how are you doing
that show is how yay what the house ride
it right there
did you just ruin over no thinking I
first bite of his masterpiece what do
you think yummy yummy huh yeah okay
ya punkk pumpkin chocolate chip cookie
cake things ma I don't know what they
are anymore
fine smile oh look he wants you to look
at the ghost again awesome
hey how's school the boy at the back
boys are back tail what do you learn at
school
where'd you learn it at school today
yesterday today today you had school huh
where'd you learn you learned about
Halloween cat monkey Halloween cat he
wants to watch Curious George Halloween
but you don't have it on demand anymore
I want cool that's pretty cool do you
guys wonder with a park or not yeah okay
let's go hey what's your friend's name
you say Noah if you see Noah Co the
other day Wow
hey Eva say Noah okay see ya
Ava should be like a he was should be an
old Navy baby that's the only where's
Olivia grips one brand and one brand
only Navy she's a walking advertisement
she c'mon old maybe she could model a
baby
Old Navy Oh TJ's rocking Ava and Ava
Ava's closet oh yeah
she can't handle the laughing her thighs
are so ticklish like Noah's she loves it
she loves to stand and she gets tight
it's tiring holding a baby standing all
day long so I'm so happy we can put her
in this now ha
I was watching no outside for a second
and music laughing the TV laughing at
nothing it was so funny she's a little
laughing mood ooh
but it probably turned crying very soon
oh my goodness is girls keeps getting up
on our hands and knees are you gonna
cross it oh you need underneath look at
her she's trying so hard just in time
for hockey night she looks like a hockey
player at the old after the detail I
think it was in pigtails tomorrow it's
about hi baby hi use of youth
okay do I say good night when you guys
are outside I don't know she was
laughing so hard laughing so hard
no it's been a ladies man outside never
girls love him so much
no he was like dude trying to do
wheelies and I asked him about it he was
like yeah yeah
we're just remove ulti out of the house
and we nice to see a pair of boots for
the winter for the winter they're so
cute I'm gonna also how to get know a
new pair of churches please Peak Road
means
