I've never been that everyone was
noticing in birth order being married to
you like not never sleeping today in
their sweet world
I'm Tunisia from India and you're
watching samokov lots peace hi guys
it is Tuesday afternoon I'm not
currently at a stop sign
that's a stoplight that's why I'm really
quick I'm on my way to the eye doctor to
get my eyes checked I just feel like I
just need something a little bit
stronger green light sorry like I was
saying I just got here um I just feel
like I just need to pitch stronger I
have some pressure behind an eye and hey
you don't remember I'd let my eyes shake
for like four years or more maybe five
years now so just when I get a check
that make sure everything's okay I also
had had a sty in this eye it was like
year or so ago and it turned into a
little hard bump so I'm gonna have him
look at that as well and then see if
what the possibilities of contacts
because if I don't want my glasses I get
a headache most of the time and just
feel pressure my eyes
so good morning fling sweet world here
one how's everyone doing this day we are
watching Monsters Inc isn't that right
hey how much I enjoyed this video
no has really enjoyed watching Monsters
Inc I think you cease as like part of
Halloween so there's a little Halloween
movie list on our TV that we've been
going through and watching Jen typically
gets up with Penelope at night that
sounds like last night was kind of crazy
so she's getting some extra wrists this
morning I think she also has an eye
doctor appointment today
she might be the first one of her life
since she tried to pull her parents in
like seventh grade but she really didn't
need glasses but she got have any
buddies
tell me about when you got glasses you
were seven this is a really funny story
second grade third grade second grade I
think I was in second grade
how are you insane grade I don't know
this is a really funny story because
it's well it's only funny because like
Jun's honestly she really has a really
great person and this is a moment really
I'm like whoa Jen you did that so I saw
that my best one of my best friends
Andrea chewy got glasses in third grade
maybe second creation say her name
anyway the thing in elementary school it
was really cool to have glasses and so I
would like make my eyes blur on purpose
and we didn't have money we lived very
minimally minimally and so my mom's that
the eye doctor somehow he didn't catch
my lie like sounds like you have a
problem with getting the correct
prescription well I feel like people
nowadays think at when kids are don't
wanna need glasses either kids out there
anyone watching it I don't know I
anyway I end up getting glasses didn't
need them pretended I needed them told
my mom about the truth okay listen I say
this is your moment to apologize but no
I already we've also I was nineteen
years old and I was too afraid to tell
my mom and so I wrote her an email mom
do you forgive Jen do you forgive her I
think if your mom ever needs glasses you
should treat her to a pair now
well now I'm like this is karma because
now I'm actually new glasses I think I
was waiting for mom and the eye doctor
and he says that having Penelope could
have made it worse I giving birth oh
yeah eyes changed so I think that's
what's happening but then I actually
feel kind of good today like this eyes
is I said it I think it will take time
yeah so I actually have contacts I've
always wanted Sam to get glasses yeah
sure just like tada whatever don't take
it out of glasses I got my I got my
glasses I was doing very poorly in
chemistry and I don't want to say I
blamed it on not being able to see but I
remember I could not that's when I
realized not because I was doing poorly
but I just couldn't see the board well
maybe I should get some glasses I want
to get and he leaves the contact inform
us at a time and it never takes him at
school for like a couple months I had
colored contacts and my eyes are like
crazy colors yeah green and blue it's
kind of lame no guys check that let me
see your jammies what are those say
party monsters is it a monsters No it's
Halloween Jamie's right Noah what are
you gonna be for Halloween yeah you know
you're gonna be for Halloween what do
you want to be yeah you
hmm well we gotta start figuring that
it's gonna be here before you know it we
always put it off for the last week and
then it's a hustle such a good little
brother our big brother okay I'm back
some guy doctor sorry it's so freakin
bad out here my eyes are still sensitive
I didn't have to like get him dilated or
anything but they do everything
digitally now it's really cool they like
took picture of my eyeballs and all this
crazy stuff I actually had come home
with contacts in I wanted to try and see
if I liked him instead of wearing
glasses all day long but I don't know my
eyes might just be too sensitive I could
just like tell they were in there I know
it takes a while to get used to them but
I wasn't loving it I couldn't talk my
prescription was right in the context
either I think I need to like go back to
my checkup and tried to prepare
something I don't know I'll try them
again tomorrow see if I like him so I
put my glasses on like whoa I guess
that's they're a little bit stronger
which is good I just can't tell if like
my right eye my worst eye that is
awesome
it's my left my right nut sorry but
we're sighs my left eye and that lens is
great this lens that feels a little
funny wearing that can even open I was
out here it's so bright
he's hot
ok so while the baby's sleeping I
decided to take no.1 a little mommy send
date huh run a date so to some Froyo and
I would have filmed in there but
actually saw one of my friends from
freshman year of high school he and his
wife were there and I have not seen him
since freshman year of high school
litora I mean not high school college so
they're about to have a baby oh you're
so cute so we're just catching out
because I haven't seen him in like five
six years what let's leave the helmets
up there okay mom can't reach them you
love look at the gloves huh
but instead is be smug love good job it
is at home where's mama mama has one
like it's kind of there not that one
maybe that one got the one I have I
don't know yep you had to put a glove on
while we are here should go walk around
what do you see huh
see basketball hoop are the animals oh
the animals yeah do you think they have
basal pants for you I want to get in
baseball pants I probably got them
cheaper on Amazon though huh they're so
cute
I'm going to be a catcher that's what
the catcher's wear yeah oh it's a
baseball pants let's look at that babe
okay
oh not silly are you a catcher now they
strike look at mom look at mom look at
me babe you look cool
put your hands down get the smaller club
dude there's a smaller one there get the
black one yeah that one there you go
yo ins red
gentle this is going on
he's trying so hard I didn't make it hey
y'all done clean go let's go see if we
can find you baseball pants hey he
running on there show me show me what
you're doing
show me how'd you know that's that's
used for I don't know a treadmill is no
I said no home dog dog I'm like what do
you think done I don't know
Danka pointing that way like appointing
you know Spencer
show me where are they where's the cat
just yet
hi pretty good
ah let me know we spot the creature that
lives in this habitat I was looking at
me like where what animals in here and
then I saw him well I've got some weird
feet oh oh you're falling you're falling
we just tied the freaking game in the
ninth inning babe I have no words I
guess I mean oh my god if you lose this
game is what we needed like we're
getting freakin stomped on in this game
Wilson contraption you're like oh my
goodness if this goes to games I
don't know if you got it oh I won't grow
up oh hey Jen we saw him in his first
game I know
our favorite moment of the game was when
Wilson Contreras was called in to catch
in the last inning this is a cool moment
because he has been training and working
so hard his whole life for that moment
to play in the major league and the
entire stadium was standing for him and
cheering for him and you can see his
face he was like cuz amazing he can just
feel that everyone was excited
everyone was so excited for him it was
like in person it's so fun so neighbor
it's been terrible all season loses his
time do something maybe a bun
you got you got you got you got he got
he was a terrible bun but he got the
second base how do you say taking
where'd the ball go you got it you get
that we got the job burn
hey where'd the ball go you know that's
our it wasn't that was about me you know
a boy did they get other early-out
contreras out well okay that's where
this came off cuz his bad luck on the
jutsu my mom says she's Lamaze breathing
it's not working yes not working okay
but I went upstairs and got all of our
jerseys and about my hat is this how
that supposed to be yeah for now sure I
didn't even have time today to put my
Jersey on that's how like busy was when
we're strike anyone weren't out with you
when we're out one more out everyone's
about to poop their pants on this team
right now
hungry Lamaze breathing your mom Jen
said I got stains on my shirt from
parenting Jen said I wasn't allowed to
film tonight because of you guys
this is line obviously about periscoping
this and I was like bruises oh that's
good you want to strike out chase it
they can't hit if you fastball that high
like it is so hard to hit at that speed
and that's my last game was insane all
no home runs no home runs
well if the Dodgers win we're heading to
California
Chicago for six let me just say if
you're a Dodgers or let me just say if
you're a Giants fan
I respect the heck out of your team you
guys scared the heck out of me even
before you even started playing tonight
I was literally hiding under this
blanket ready to like I was like if we
lose I'm just gonna take a nap for an
hour and then go to bed cuz oh I was
scared and we may act crazy because
we've never been there which is 100%
true for the Cubbies I mean we've been
in this position before but nothing is
guaranteed tomorrow not with in life in
sports and especially in baseball
baseball is a hard sport to continually
be good at so I'm going to celebrate
every app every inning every moment I
kind of do that with life too I guess
but no hard feelings love you guys we'll
see you guys tomorrow
I put it in
