good morning sweet world this is Ashley
and Shelby from Kingsford California and
you're watching samokov vlogs peace hey
Jase I the Cubbies gonna win tonight I
think I'm gonna win tonight yeah baby
hey good three and she just clapped her
hands and I was like shocked
hurry and show her how Noah show her how
to clap her hands
good cookies go champions yay oh you
doing yeah
with a double
go cubbies baby yeah oh yes no one comes
okay my man what are we doing today what
can you do storage hot Minah color
storage so Jen and I have kind of
stockpiled different crafts and
activities we're really gonna have to do
it once it starts to get cold too
Jenica and Penelope are at the doctor
this morning that Penelope's six-month
appointment I thought it'd be fun if we
had a nice little fun little morning
doing some crafts you want me to help
you okay do you want to do black first
and we're gonna color this store
Chalmette store chosen stormtrooper no
it calls them storages if you guys are
new I really wanted to get one of these
for myself because I think they're
pretty awesome and if I had one for
myself I'd be very neat and precise but
I'm gonna let Noah do his thing
if he doesn't want to put it in his room
I'm definitely gonna put it on display
in my office do that's awesome that
looks sweet do you want to do a
different color now that's cool okay
which color next what's that blue what
color is this one what just no that's
red which one's this hi Orange these are
pretty cool pretty cool if I do say so
myself
we got that at Hobby Lobby I think and
they always have those coupons so we got
for 50% off we'll check back with you in
a couple minutes it's looking pretty
cool though do you want to put that in
your room where can I put it in my
office you want to put in your room okay
oh sweet dude I love the Seas the way
his brain thinks he's coloring in those
little areas with this in color this
actually looks really cool I'm not gonna
lie almost like someone's like really
tried to be that's what color is that
that's not red green good job I think he
actually knows all those colors for sure
now well sometimes you said it's right
what do you say B what do you say now oh
you're welcome
I was literally just by myself
Jenica never scheduled adoption right
good morning ever again and then I just
wasn't thinking and scheduled my
explosion like for a morning and she'll
be moving this order we waited in the
reading room like almost 30 minutes and
now we finally know they said they had a
create someone I understand enough and
to eat him so hopefully he come soon
I just need to do I click up so more
that for next time
baby's just playing she's grown so much
guys I can't wait to see the charts that
seems for a part inside did you bring
all the charge because he loves being
the stat - stuff okay - see I didn't get
to ask her cuz she had the room that I
saw that she pulled him up legit put
away so I kept the doctor will come back
and tell us about how much he's grown
and stuff
18 pounds I think I think 18 pounds and
then I think 28 inches okay check it
back in looks pretty awesome
I love to get into mind Oh two-year-old
he has like all his orange and red on
this side some black blue green on this
side and I starting to kind of mix it
together
Conan's house parts orange dude you're
the man this is a nice art
double did it's pretty cool you want to
put in your room now okay should we go
do it I knew it right there she put it
over here so you can see it when you're
in bed
um I'm home now I've been home for a few
hours actually she is still off the
charts
she's like ninety nine point eight now
for height like basically 100 percentile
for height still still around 78 or 84
wait she's still my tall girl she's
gonna be a tall I'm just I'm curious to
see how tall like I should make taller
than me as tall as me like what it'll be
fun
hey this is her happy place guys she
doesn't she I have never heard her whine
when she's sitting outside in the grass
just thing outside in general she's just
like Noah don't eat it don't eat it
that's nice that's Jackie's the doctor
also said she can eat finger foods from
the table no to anything rice eggs beans
whatever you want you get your adorable
you're adorable
okay the pumpkin is that funny
look who's big enough for the bouncer
this girl oh gosh
guys I think she's gonna love this
because she was being so bored just
sitting on the floor look at you and I
checked with the doctor today and I was
like is she big enough for a dog - yeah
and said like that cuz I heard for
months she could do like Stan standing
ones but not bouncing ones he said yep
she's good you're good now huh you're
gonna love this no I loved it - just for
a little while
hopefully she doesn't get as bored of us
quickly as he did
you can bounce in there babe nobody's
been skateboarding here babe ha ha ha ha
yeah Jen's getting your eyes checked
tomorrow doing it Peter it's really you
Peter keep going Peter whoa yeah
popsicle good admitting my privacy
no the comic drove yeah don't add to
your repertoire of jokes David just take
all the popsicle jokes oh yeah that's
what I do Google
so worried about a Giants walk-off but
at least bring some hope back to our
team even if we lose this game momentum
was definitely falling on us we lost
first loss to the playoffs tomorrow's a
big game tomorrow is a big game we got
two more games to try and do this and
the Giants are known to do crazy things
hope you enjoyed today's vlog if you're
a fan of the other team hope you enjoy
that game that was crazy
win or lose is pretty fun see you guys
tomorrow love you babe
Oh No oh snap what is open November yeah
