guten morgen Semak of Locksley reclusive
on Johanna deutschland I wish you great
days I mcafee mica and remember never
never never give up
wait a minute
telling you crazy the clouds are like
touching down early morning for our
family to get ahead of the door by which
is only it's like any clock right now
but we're at I've run from the car
leavin that's a miracle usually nine
o'clock is early to get everyone is high
yeah it's I'm feel tired no I end up
having a really bad dream last night and
I didn't bit of us I like what was it
like four in the morning yeah for the
word well I usually never happened and I
was like that fer happened yet so I'm
after we talked about all our sleeping
stuff might know why in your bed yeah it
last night we just need to all go back
to the night I was so out of it yeah we
were I was like waking up you his name
no was like screaming you know like Sam
no is badgering I didn't know what I was
trying to kick him out of bed and then
we both got out of bed you know mad at
me no I was out of it like you I was so
confused what was going on like babies
cream egg then they drop her in there
and I did not want to sip on his floor
so we just stuck number i discovered and
salmon on sleep on his lawyer and it was
like he was like she wide what he was
like he was shaking he was so scared I
thought ease me fine we put him back in
his bed we were about to leave and then
he was like literally she
he was yeah Sam picked him up and he was
shaking and we were like okay let's just
get in bed and I was worried he wouldn't
even fall back asleep in bed with us but
he was right back to turn yeah it was
really cute it was right what am I gonna
yeah when my alarm went off that's
burning I looked underneath I was like
all curled up yes while you're the king
size bed it is true he curled up right
next start my pillow and just kind of
smell asleep and then it was funny this
morning we get up and it's true and they
sit up the kid takes up all the space
because he was laying horizontal between
eyes taking up all of his face I was on
the edge it was so funny it was just
like I thought about stuff like that
when I was like before before we had
kids like I wanted to be like when I
bait our kids about dream I don't think
it's happened oh no no no i think was
just like yeah i hope it doesn't like
taking i don't know i didn't remember
his dream tonight he woke up every
morning saying it was B's he kept seeing
bees and like last night when we opened
this we like went in he was terrified
because the door was closed he's a gar
zar zar do you know I think they thought
the beads were in the trunk no no it was
weird it was so weird i just met lam he
does have my late but are you feeling
better today buddy yeah what was your
dream about there are some bees but it
was your dream was fake right it was
just mean it's it's not real your dream
right you're okay now right yeah he's
like uh dad if every free yeah we got
mom over here
think sometimes believes dreams are real
hey sometimes are so in a dream that it
feels so real you tonight like I didn't
have any teeth and I think I really
don't have any TN o jasor dialects means
it how did you salt like this yes I I'm
trying to you know we're youtubers I
guess right yeah I'm going to a little
YouTube class today put on by YouTube
it's like a YouTube content lab it's
like a certain amount of subscribers are
moving out of you in there so I'm gonna
go uh you know I'm back to school haha
yeah that's crazy it looks like if it
looks like in version 2 although like
it's okay let's really pretty what an
ex-con gross too if it doesn't help it's
not
I wasn't going to come because I was
like oh it's so early but since I don't
know but I didn't want to have to start
without any car and I was like oh well
there's stuff to do down there and then
so I decided to pack up the kids and
we're coming too we're not going to know
we're gonna drop him off and then I'm
gonna go and try to get visit my friend
Michelle we gotta get some clothes for
our photo shoot photo shoot family
pictures a photo shoot Oh family
pictures tell are you ready for our
photo shoot no okay it's a curse rollin
both cry at the same time yeah okay we
drop sam off and since we have some time
to kill the aquarium doesn't open until
after 10 anyway so we are stopping the
official game bait so I'm here in Salt
Lake City today for a YouTube content
lab that's where we're going to learn
how to do different YouTube strategies I
think it'll be a lot of fun just to
learn different things and also just
kind of get excited about what we're
doing and working on right now so I
don't think we'll be able to film a lot
because they said on the forum like
we're not allowed to record what we're
learning I guess because they want
people to actually come to it but i'll
see what i can get it's at a place
called church and state which is
actually an old church that they've
converted into an office building so
that's pretty cool where are we we're at
the aquarium okay we just got to the
aquarium I just left my friend
michelle's house hi Michelle I love you
I totally Mike the film and like have
fun but Noah is so cranky today help me
save me reading lunch in the car
currently before we go to the cram crims
right there you think yeah Fisher
kicking and we're gonna go yeah so we
just had to leave Michelle's notice
wasn't behaving himself
you do our thing second to heart I'm
just like trying to laugh about it so I
don't cry about it because I was still
just like I just feel bad I was
embarrassed I was like why today of all
days you need to be like this but let's
just say I'm just trying to take it just
grain of salt just breathe so we are
here and we're gonna eat and then go and
have a good time hopefully he turns
around and has inside see once have fun
today so was just looking there by
myself with two babies in the agreement
we wrapped up our content lab day I
learned a lot I actually didn't fill out
much of the stuff because i want to
bring home all my paperwork and teach
jen and then decide on our goals and
things to make our youtube channel
better for you guys together so i'm here
with the waters family i'm at wait let
me try and focus focus other they are
right there this place is awesome though
as venue it's church and state mixture
of church and state okay we're here I
just couldn't decide if I wanted to
double the double stroller like how this
layout was I just didn't
dish Noah look at the fish so I just did
a single shore with carrier and I'm
gonna rotate this and I looked off you
can just sit on this little seat right
here
awesome
now
okay i think all the screaming kids
freaks her out their story I found her
okay
I think that's called a lionfish oh look
at that yield you see em you wanna know
the cause of this one
I'm now I'm very grateful that I brought
the carrier because they'll be the
little overwhelmed but it kind of
freaked out are you excited to the
Sharks
the hallways has sharks all over it I
were Sam were here who love this wish
you were here babe I'm here with the
great Stuart edge and Jared become we
were going to partake in this magic
trick Stuart and I have plan up his
manager and we're glad to show you right
now their hands go stop there okay so
our cisely where I wanted him so I'm not
taking this up his hands yeah but you
always this light a bit much watching
this is got it yep got it
that's the corner I told them to rip off
hi
did you go off of this hand Sam did you
go off to this hand I think you're not
gonna shoot i started looking at his
mouth let me see the camera do i need to
check my phone oh I already what I'm not
gonna give anything away good take it
out this is confusing this out of here
shut the front door wait a minute little
kitty wait a minute how did that wait a
minute the one that you ripped off wait
a minute
wait a minute that's just happened
that's crazy does it fit like it's a
perfect like it's a perfect fit well now
i'm confused cuz i started with this
well we were talking about that there
yeah but why does it fit oh you swap the
cards you two fives nope alright did
anyone catch that I think I caught it
but I you know I don't give away the
magician secrets it's a bomb and do a
little contest and I'll give this away
for me
what did someone have to do to win that
card they just need to
use Twitter my Instagram equal well
let's keep this on you two okay so
here's what you have remarked here's
what they have to do to to win this
obviously on a season a parcel comment
something that's nice you've done for
someone this past week just comment and
Sam will go through it will be like I
like that there you go and if you
haven't then go do something that
somebody right now right now right now
know if you have photo evidence of this
nice damp like tweeted me I will select
someone and i will send you this a piece
of salmon cabal accessory actually want
to do more stuff like this
it's just so hard not to film everything
because it looks so pretty in here
oh my I small together
I guess solfege dormer brain or
something like that
no a look do you see the penguin
swimming Wow penguins those are birds
that live in the wall lift with water
okay I know how explain what a penguin
is
they come again
the high Penguins piping we look at
their swimming by you
look at soon right there look at know
when he's right by you here spiegel
that's awesome Alan can you see them
they're walking yeah they walk and they
swim oh yeah to see line I was like to
eat penguins now others are just out
running about going up to that little
house that's cool my gosh you do see it
way up there huh way up there I like
what's in here he kept pointing to it
love birds up there no one keeps finding
all the animals before I can
oh my gosh look at it look at the way
he's sleeping
music o come ye i'll come on me some
action
so peaceful all the music is very nice
oh I think there's more birds in this is
this way cool and petsmart yeah
oh boy without a giant play place wish
me luck because hopefully Noah behaves
himself I'm so nervous right now wow
you're like a monkey there's so many
kids in here you see the fish whoa that
one is ginormous I don't you guys can't
help but look at the size difference and
those ones are baked that is HUGE she's
just walking around with a parent or
something
oh here comes
grandpa face
very humid in here i feel like i'm in
chicago i feel very sticky oh no look at
that giant snake you see him hey the big
name oh my goodness that thing's huge
maybe I can tell how big that snake
brilliant health back
you think I know what ya sayin right you
you like those turtles
no I wanted to the alligator and I was
like I didn't see any alligators and
then we found him I'll get your picture
stand up stand up
through the climb up there
oh yeah you're choosing oh okay good job
hey show me what you got yeah it's a
shark truck sharp truck did you have fun
at the aquarium yeah yeah it was pretty
cool thumbs up yeah let's go get dad
that was really fun no we're gonna go
get Sam try to find where he is he's at
an apple store somewhere not sure where
though it's not like some more I'm tired
they did really well just one two
instances at the playground inside the
aquarium other than that it was great
you stayed with me he owes good listener
I'm so tired are you tired yeah yeah you
wanna handle all right they've made us
okay hey baby
hey how's your David so tired now we're
here at zaxbys with this much fun that's
nice get some dinner the kids are just
going nuts so like all right let's make
a stop get some food this is my kind of
place though they are chicken that's
like better than popeyes even and I love
Popeyes and there's different sauces you
can choose unhealthy bread I'm gonna
pass on that because I feel like this
already i'm healthy enough Jen got a
nice little salad no I got a grilled
cheese very good nope he's having her yo
it's not quite my chick-fil-a compound
but it's pretty good self yeah the
chicken is so good that yeah this is
gross again really good oh the town
don't win either stop crying it by
singing this is our third song huh typhi
girl Oh
okay what's on twisting next seeing a
girl dream cool
