hello as with words they went in from
the Lima Peru you Stace tambien up Sammy
car locks peace okay look at me awesome
do you love it put your head down look
look down a little bit so you can see it
do you see it is that awesome wha cuscus
go get dad out there no
yeah kinda good musis they I graduated
we are officially done having to go get
her head measured um she went from a six
millimeter which is like 10 millimeters
just bad like that's when you definitely
need like a helmet and more physical
therapy and stretching whatnot she was
out of six she was right in the middle
normal considered normal is between like
a2 and a4 is normal like a three is
where your head should be um and she
said if she went down to four so we're
good to write on that Britt the brink
she she grew her head grew so that's all
that matters and it grew in the correct
way he didn't get worse it got better so
success so we don't have to go back
anymore um I did he gave me his car just
in case I somehow like sue somehow gets
decreases cuz he said that could happen
if all of a sudden they just are still
like wanted to go that same direction
the next time she grows it could stay
where it is or it could get worse you
just never know if I notice anything
like her not wanting to always wanted to
sleep there like on that side so then I
should go in and get her checked oh but
I'm hoping we'll have to be said also if
I come in for like her whatever her next
like month month checkup whatever I
could always swing by they can measure
her head really fast if I'm worried or
anything like that so it's all done
you're all better hopefully hopefully
hopefully just actually keeps growing or
I just keeps looking round it's all good
as long as your heads getting ready
hey mom I should so sad she hates being
in there like they don't do anything
they don't prick or prod or anything he
just sits down in front of her and she
goes oh like freaks out she has the
total lip quiver that Noah has and it's
really cute but really sad and kind of
funny at the same time but we should buy
ago and go home hopefully he'll take a
longer nap cuz she's only slept for 20
minutes today oh you need a better nap
did you do you do you sleep I have an
idea I have an idea so what I'm gonna do
we still have so many leftover tissue
they actually I've been using them i
refilled this little bin just recently
what I'm gonna do is have I'm gonna do
crafts with Noah and we're gonna make
ghost so we're gonna put the little
balls inside of the tissue and then tie
string around it and took to make little
ghost and then draw the eyes on them and
I think will stream them like maybe
we'll string them up here or at Manoa
hang them from our little chandelier or
hang them against the wall or do
something with them I don't know i only
got well so we'll do something i thought
it would be fun something to keep him
busy i remember their 20 pin or he was
saying mommy's only thing dad like would
be mom and no mommy mommy mommy mommy
you don't like the fire it's just a
candle it smells yummy oh and I awesome
blue hair dye brain listen for fun she's
facing in it right now yeah ok let's see
you jack off hey want take your shoes
off but the heck my name is showing up
on his hair I thought I'd be like really
pigmented look at this picture are you
kidding me look at this look at this I
mean it was only a couple bucks and I
thought I'd be fun but I should have
realized that we have a we have a brown
hair we see oh yeah baby yeah see oh
they ever go here let's go outside in
the backyard over here over here this is
like the worst night I've ever careful
the worst hair day ever but nice here ok
ready I'm gonna do some more look up
look at mom blue hair don't look in the
mirror ok come here wait list for low
more it's kid-friendly you just shampoo
it out but it looks sweet dude here hold
on let's push it your banks at this time
close your eyes ok look at me oh yeah
you look like a smurf yeah yeah ooh see
it let's go look in here I think I think
Halloween's me want to us here at
holidays oh my neighbor's decorated it
looks so cute outside to her wigga mom
okay let's go look in the mirror ok
let's go with in the mirror then
remember I think we're going to ambush
daddy and spray his hair so he thinks
what do you think do you love it put
your head down look look down a little
bit so you can see it do you see it is
that awesome hi goose k let's go get dad
out there no let's be sneaky this is
this is the mummy and daddy's to hold
only we're suppose to be afraid of the
clowns in those streets in the
neighborhood no one in the house what
lurked I had this door I'm sorry I I
really got someone your shirt on
accident I'm sorry we're just were
making a joke and having fun really
let's go ambush dad with mujer are you
well I've to hold the baby and stuff
yeah we'll never see you so dad you're
awesome hair ok don't touch it let me
see your hands are blue what when did
you get blue hair do we both have blue
hair oh then it has in his hair is it
cuz we're best friends little watch on
your shirt I'm not concerned I hope I
can
guard laughs I'd be letting the blood
haha ok put some in my blue hair let's
see how this is due me she's what I
thought yeah I thought you were in there
she's like certain ugh she is awakened I
think he just came in here and Fidel V
space here all this year were you scared
of no at first PJ you were like just so
feel bad good nap who is that have you
updated on in her head oh oh yes he did
in the car oh you did ok yeah Jen came
home and told me about everything sounds
like she's doing better I think it's cuz
she's sleeping differently and then it
sounds like we'll know for sure what's
going on when she's a year yeah kinda
you know everything but you're six
months old today yay six months oh do we
take a picture yeah great team that will
get 1 by the pumpkins huh it's kind of
cold today though I gotta find out is
pumping jammies and then we'll take a
picture dude what's up Papa Smurf Smurf
yeah hi you really wants to spray at
least she's not saying her yeah that's
true and now hi i turn the camera on hi
I don't know what okay we're gonna film
that's doing a little crack may be
things like speed up some of it there oh
oh Matthew's paper towels oh shoot
please open up again Plan B Lambie we'll
see if it fits inside of a paper towel
that's a little better there we go Oh be
a cute little ghost okay so what we're
do with the tie string around this now
let me get the scissors can you hold it
like that okay let's just turn the
camera off now and we'll show the
finished product we finished doing a
little guys although i should have most
of them I like left the texture on the
outside should have put them inside out
so a little smoother oh wow yeah here
we're enjoy little faces okay take this
draw some eyes like this
here's our first ghost we do a happy
face ghost perfect perfect ooh spooky
it'll be it'll be so fun once pjs his
agent he's four and then we can do
something like this and they'll really
be into it oh good job whoa big eyes up
here spooky mouth almost kinda like an
animal awesome good job okay decided to
hang them I just hot glue the strings to
their heads Yoga Yoga you want to be
with me give up his hands and also these
phrases about headstand Gia's want to
see couples yoga / spam yoga part two
mm-hmm post in the comments if you would
like to see that and we'll make another
video Yoga Yoga Yoga someone said we
need a yeah baby shirt yeah baby I was
thinking of what else we could put on it
like like an emoji like that or like
number one sign or some sort of
caricature or something I don't know
what do you guys think any ideas would
you be interested in that we haven't
done a shirt in a long time hi sweetie
hi can you wave you say I'm 6 mom so do
with it I'm the cutest how is it that
she is freaking six-month-old happy year
how'd you get six months you're already
happy here this in six more months we're
gonna be celebrating your birthday
crazy what's going on over here this kid
is an artist when it comes to yanked and
food you got here you need that right an
honor for six months old birthday I
think we should each go around the table
and going you Noah looking at you and
say one thing that we love about
Penelope what is one thing that you love
about your sister what do you like do
you like your hair yeah well I love that
she is so sweet and so chill she's also
but she's she's active like she's gonna
be a go-getter but inika sensitive way I
really liked about her she's very
empathetic she feels whatever everyone
knows she like you can always help one
of my favorite things about Penelope is
how attentive she is her family she
although she is small in stature only
six months old she brings it to our
family she's always paying attention
she's participating she's laughing she's
smiling and she follows us around she
loves she's just entertained by
everything we do and I feel like she
shows a lot of patience oh yeah because
you know I near the second child
sometimes you gotta deal with the first
child and with your parents and cheese
is always so patient with us watch this
Julie still sensitive sometimes you know
like if someone likes scare someone else
she like freaks out yeah and then she's
if she's another person she's starting a
little bit more stranger danger I kept
doctor's office today you're the
sweetest mm-hmm all I can say is that
I'm very grateful that she's part of our
family huge blessing to us she's taught
me luck she's taught us both a lot and I
feel like our family was already closed
but she's definitely made us closer yeah
breast the other son right Noah what do
you like about sissy
well now i'm confused because i see well
we were talking i put that there yeah
but why does it fit oh you swap the
cards you two fives what did someone
have to do to win that card
put someone at random here's what they
do no no
