how is your mood are you happy or mellow
or are you moody I'm pregnant
welcome g'day
have you missed us we're back better
than ever with a vlog that I think many
people may be looking forward to I was
looking for it to this moment right now
tomorrow we are going to find out if we
are having a boy or a girl I think we're
gonna wait it out we're not gonna find
out at the appointment we're gonna do
something fun we have some ideas we
haven't decided a hundred percent what
we're gonna do but it'll be good this is
something that we did with Penelope the
wives tales gender test I call it the
crazy loco wives tale gender tests okay
and we're doing pretty much the same
exact questions we did last time it was
pretty 50/50 maybe a little bit more boy
and we had a girl yeah so I do think
some of these things kind of make sense
but you know they're just fun to do
these are the same exact ones we did
last time let's get to it
first of all prediction um well I
thought it was a boy this whole time but
now I'm thinking girl mm-hmm but
everyone's telling me girls so maybe
that's why I'm saying girl I you ain't
told me anything with you think until
the day of is it know I've been know
I've been back and forth that watching
that and then just like writing these
down for some reason I was thinking as a
boy really yeah see I have thought it
was a boy this whole time but I'll be
more surprised tomorrow if it is
actually a boy and I'll be sick honestly
I will be surprised either way and since
we have a boy and a girl with Penelope
like I wanted a girl
I'm a girl but I was sitting might you
know she's gonna whatever obviously
would have been happy anyway yeah right
this just excited no matter what either
way
most importantly we're hoping that
everything is going well yes baby
healthy that's number one
so let's take it to the questions
question one are you carrying high or
low and I think you always carry low but
compared to your other pregnancies I
feel low well I don't know like what I'm
laying down like I feel babies so low so
I'm gonna say hello hello yes though I'm
feeling well suppose a word
yeah well as a boy but you've always
carried low dish yeah well whatever okay
do you have silky smooth skin how are
your skin changes no I've had dry skin
like the Sahara Desert
this is the driest my skin has ever been
in my entire life so it says a girl will
bring out the oil on your skin but a boy
drive it out dry so right now yeah she
would notice you're so chair thick and
glossy
I think miners feel soft do you feel
like the hair texture it was very dry
though limp and dull was thinking glossy
no my hair's never been thick though
Jill's glass here so that is a vote for
the boy
really so right now we are three boy
sorry zero girl Wow
hubby wait game you have not gained
weight this time actually lost weight
you've lost weight not that time but
I've lost weight I gained more weight
with when I would be healthy again maybe
a little bit no but I've lost three yeah
I don't think I've gained any assignment
that's boy imagi Casper although last
time they all were boy to acne and skin
blemishes well I must say my skin has
been better for this third time around
and I've compared to all the pregnancies
but I do I've been having most breakouts
on my chin so I do breakout but it's not
as bad as there's no egg okay just say
no this time usually
when I first get pregnant I break out on
my cheeks and that didn't happen this
time another one for boys seriously yeah
I'm kind of shocked
what about below although some people
think every pregnant woman will get the
glow one of the old wife still claims
that are you going I don't know I don't
know what I would say you're glowing you
yes and people have been commenting
always like a pictures in the videos but
sometimes I'm worried I'm like usually
makeup or a it's kind of lighting if we
searched they would say clue so that is
another for boy
seriously one two three four five six
it's me a girl body temperature that's
one type of foot temperature the
temperature do you feel like your feet
are a lot colder than normal I don't
know I mean I feel like yes because the
tiles are cold I think I'll say they're
colder really I don't know what they do
so if the temperature doesn't seem to
change you're carrying a girl but if
they haven't changed that's this isn't
the same yeah it's the same okay so
that's good okay
I think she's in there no a third I
don't know you think question burning
women often experience strange food
cravings but apparently these can also
indicate the gender of your baby if
you're craving sweet foods you're
gaining a girl I just want all the sweet
stuff although I you should be proud of
me I have not had one milkshake this
pregnancy and I had all milkshakes with
both pregnancies before but I do want
all like the sugary sodas the sugary
cereals headaches headaches I didn't
have headaches I had booked one day of
headaches this year when you're having a
boy I think you kinda had headaches at
the beginning but no no with Noah they
were so so bad what about your chest
breasts we just watched the last video
it was funny if your right breast is
bigger than your left breast you're
carrying no my right breast yeah my
right breast is bigger a boy that had
left do you need me to double-check that
I mean you can later if you want wait
here hold this let me feel hold this for
a second George Clooney Jeff do you feel
like your nipples are a different color
oh right right which means boy I'm gonna
jump over to clumsiness because this is
on my list right now with all the
changes happening to your body it's
reasonable that you would struggle to
get comfortable through new proportions
if your clumsier than normal spilled a
drink at a party yesterday
this is just who I am I'm clumsy every
day of the year I don't think I'm more
clumsy though I would have kicked that
drink over anyway so did I anybody
really know what you think you think I'm
plump see just change it back just put
this good boy cuz Sam thinks I'm clumsy
morning sickness I would I did have a
bad morning sickness yeah yeah work how
would you compare it to your other two
pregnancies pretty bad
I compared to Noah's more than PJs I was
a services actually morning sickness
means they
girl yeah which is funny cuz I have had
some more morning sickness with Noah PG
no morning sickness know what yes that's
the first thing that made me think this
was a boy was because I felt the same
way I did when I had no scare Noah if
the P on making sure that right now yeah
yeah fear yes pregnant the last like we
showed the beat I'm not gonna show the
behavior now you just don't the Finn
that's so two tablespoons of baking soda
yeah I don't know I don't want to get
any shots of this you just need to
describe it doing you all a favor better
yeah you could just kind of just here
just use okay yeah pee in the sink not
fizzy at all so last time intense has
exploded
maybe there's a ton of baking soda I
don't know the ingredients here it says
two tablespoons if your urine begins to
fizz like hydrogen peroxide on a cut
then you're going to have a bully if
you're just kind of sits there mingling
would it mean to you that we because
last time it was so fizzy and we had a
girl and this time if not yeah that's
like you know hate these are just white
but really you probably should drink
more water some people are like it's the
key test okay babe pick up the key
Wow interesting how do you feel about
that well let me tell you try this
little experiment on her place a key in
front of her and ask her to pick it up
if she grabs it by the narrow part
she'll be having a sweet little girl if
she picks it up by the round part which
you did she'll have an adorable little
boy it's 100% accurate age isn't just a
number of Chinese birth charts use your
age at conception and the month you is
conceived to determine the sex of your
baby people say that this is like pretty
accurate but with birth year and then
conception birth year you know thing
okay
here we go I'm say girl woman's birth
year 91 conception year 2017 it's a boy
why it's a boy Chinese age 27 at lunar
month 7 I don't know I just entered it
into this it said that I could I looked
on one the other day and it said girl
which calendar was I looking at Ivan we
typed it into the thing are you deep
swollen legs and ankles no I never
swallow I got cut I get kind of lucky
with that
only when I give birth that's a nice
girl okay are you having crazy pregnancy
dreams I am having crazy pregnancy
dreams but not involving the gender of
the baby I know but I have like crazy
I've been dreaming more than not dream
so it would be the opposite of what
you're dreaming about right that one's
what the Valentina said she had a dream
that you're having yes
Valentina texted me tonight and said I
had a dream you're having a girl so it's
gonna be a boy if she was the mother if
she were the mother but I have a had
dream about this baby so how is your
mood are you happy or mellow or you
moody I'm moody if you get the bread
it's a girl because I'm what am I not
though I mean my
when you're pregnant and you're tired
you have two other kids you're gonna be
a moody we have one last test that we
are going to do is this one was right
when you did it yes and it was right
it's been right so far that all right
with no I we did like a pencil string on
our wrist and that always told me boy
girl girl boy all right sitting here
with my little good it looks like a
little gut you're gonna go over to our
legs again oh the baby's moving right
now
I think it's spinning I don't believe it
well now it's going a circle are you
making it do that your hand is very
steady now the circle I wasn't doing
that before I know it's just because if
I was to miss it
I see your hand moving into the circle
baby's just that this isn't really here
you hold this I'm not even doing that
it's because of the string it's just not
balanced I don't remember where it is
but I think circle is oh boy well circle
is boy right okay okay
boy let's tally them for boy we have one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten eleven boy for girl one two three
four five six seven
girl 7 eleven all right a seven for boy
what was it with BJ it was it like all
boy yeah it almost I wonder if a lot of
these tests just kind of I mean if you
continue to do them your pregnancies are
generally similar with some of these
things some of them you know you're
always going
beautiful skin hair carrying low but uh
yeah eleven boy group or eleven boy
seven girl and we I'm so excited
that's crazy I can't believe it today I
can't either so tomorrow we'll ask the
kids what they think I already know what
they think I already know what they want
yes yeah what do you guys think there's
no last chance post in the comments team
we don't oh I'll see you again tomorrow
like today I feel like it's a boy but I
know I feel like it's a girl really I
really don't know and I'm the way friend
doesn't like I knew it I knew it
all right after the paper before can
that tell me and then I'll be like I
told you something it's crazy
okay I thought boy from the beginning
but it's could still be a girl we'll see
tomorrow
