big file oh okay you okay tough
ok we're all done up and we're ready
we're going up to our family pictures
this is first time we've ever had
someone actually taking pictures for us
besides his family of pictures both kids
are so my friend Rachel's actually
taking them she's awesome and I love her
so she has a business she does who does
she works with Kylie and photos I'm sure
like on Instagram goes on my attacker
and all that stuff so so be really fine
we're going up to Green Canyon right now
hopefully everyone Cooper here photo
shoot I know once we give him that then
he will go crazy
so I usually once he gets it he's like
God whatever yeah everyone look so cute
PJs little kitty cat stockings on
because that's something really pictures
of it show me your superhero jacket can
you show me nice oh don't go on that
before the pictures yeah
all right
I'm excited I'm excited I know Jen super
excited something you've been wanting to
do for a long time and hopefully give
you many more oh we're matching brother
me and you dude we've taken a lot of
photos up here for different things
actually not in this area so that's a
little pond right there
whoa oh yeah your teeth we show your
teeth oh yeah bring one knee up Juanita
perfect no way you look like what's your
favorite book before football Susie oh
yeah can you film us rolling okay baby
see you sometime yeah thing photographer
babysitter extraordinaire no can you say
thank you to Rachel she's so nice
you guys you can go have some dinner
thank you what's the code
who stressing I am so happy oh my gosh
we're all happy happy oh my gosh
I am so grateful that Noah had such a
good nap and woke up so happy and
content yeah
all the best 48 hours we've been worried
we've been so worried about this like oh
my gosh knows and they're just not want
to do it cuz you know which kids no he
likes no no could summon someone out
there probably does do you how did i
whose kids do like take pictures yeah I
hated until I was like now taking
pictures high school I I didn't so my
senior picture was just me one picture
yep and we didn't get my little headshot
I was done yeah so we were kind of
nervous we didn't know how no would
react like he's been around her - a lot
she's based at the foreign staff it was
good but we still didn't whistle sure
she's great oh my gosh love her so much
your if you need someone anywhere she
travels the wolf State really she just
up in Salt Lake up here
Rachel Hudson and she works with Kylie
and photo so when they call her stuff on
Instagram and we get our pictures back
cuz I just love her at school together
and she's just the best and I'm so
excited to see that there's knowest my
land more than he did and Penelope
looked at the camera and gave cute
little she's not cry once and we got I
got all the pictures with the people
that I wanted like pictures with me I
got you down a little prom pictures a
little couples pictures I mean we don't
get pictures together because one of us
is taking a picture of the other person
so many few pictures of us together
right so I'm glad that we got a lot of
pictures together and with each of us
with the babies with one baby you know
we got pictures of everyone so and a
group family picture of course so I'm
really excited to see that
and it was good a good night so
hopefully this is just great karma for
the companies and now we're gonna just
order pizza and hang out there's a few
of you people out there that understand
how I feel right now I'm stressed yeah
you should like picking out all day I
have this so sweaty everybody oh my gosh
I happen have you are you doing it right
now I don't know what I could never be
on the team I read the are nervous poops
right now
oh I'm sure at least one of them yeah
I'm sure a lot of oh I have never spit
just kidding hey good job babe
you did so good high five Oh foot five
were you so handsome so handsome let's
get let's get ready let's get ready
let's get ready go go go go go go Sam's
nervous
the Dodgers don't talk next I can
seriously throw okay the game started
game started I'm in a text thread with
my sister and my mom and dad and we are
all freaking out just so excited I'll
accept whatever outcome comes this is a
huge game for the Cubs Giants have a ton
of momentum I think we can even if we
lose tonight we can somebody could come
back but it's only you only have to win
three games in the first round I'm
excited that let's go go
Rache came over she took our pictures
and thank you know where to hang out
watch baseball
yeah well baby you're all that you have
the same clock
so you're of the same cloth we gotta get
this out one more one more one more one
more one more they're all cheered
they're all cherry sandwiches you were
there I wish this oh gosh oh gosh oh
gosh come on yes we won one down ten
more to go Oh
go cats go go cats go hey babe we need
to get forget order a double flag
tonight please we need if we need a pen
in our garage there's a lot of people
that think the Giants will win the
series they still could a lot of people
thought a Giants would win this game I
respect that because they are
historically known to don't win anything
could still happen
this game was very important to me that
good job boys
hi sweetie
hi here can you wave you say I'm six my
son
