oh my gosh that was so creepy
so I'm saying good TV welcome to my crib
you
six months in the making for many maybe
even over here because we didn't do this
for our last place today is the day that
we finally do a house tour yes the
reason why we often put it off is
because ever since we had kids it's
funny before we had kids we did have
stories easily BAM
got it but with kids there's a constant
cleanup this this right here this is
from today alone this was clean last
night this was clean this morning so by
the end of the night after we clean
everything up we'll we're usually just
tired and exhausted so today I'm
recording with you and we are going to
get this house tour done and I think you
guys will enjoy it with the help with
our friends at and dust we are gonna get
our house begins fan and then we'll have
a house tour and this is actually doing
a special giveaway as well that I'm
going to talk about in a minute there's
a ton of new houses being built in our
neighborhood which when I was younger
when that happened to us it brought in
mice instead we are getting tons of dirt
and dust constantly in our house in the
garage
so this looks great because it removes
all dust and fingerprints and smudges
and allergens its mineral oil base this
is the lemon zest it smells amazing I
kind of eat it which is not what you're
supposed to do but we're gonna do some
before and afters real quick because
it's amazing this is not the house tour
yet we will come back this is a table
that we got based on how kind of rustic
it looks if the kids do something crazy
you won't notice it but it still gets
dirty oh oh oh okay
here we go that's right now hmm
and gets rid of the sticky fingerprints
so it's interesting all right I hope I
can capture this yeah you guys can
actually see it right there this is like
a rustic kind of table and after putting
it on it actually makes it quite nice
and kind of shiny not like an not
unnatural way but just makes it look
clean leaf is in the pudding oh there
you go
oh there's your hand Wes so this
actually goes on pretty much any surface
I'm actually going to do
on a second you do it on window ledges
cabinets counters sealed whoa everywhere
right basically I mean there's certain
leather it tells you Jen spray and wipe
off move on if you could create a jingle
for that over B I can jingle I know I
don't know what I do I know cannot use
the lemon zest it's not so much it works
great
closer closer do you see our fridge this
fridge was a brand new when we got it we
have little people that we live with and
who have easy access to the freezer who
owned that business because she doesn't
go to the fridge yet but constantly is
coming here you know open and close we
get popsicles you see all these
fingerprints can you stand on the camera
yeah you can okay
pretty much this it's pretty gross
actually I feel like that I feel like
okay watch this
Wow don't even put a little too much
yeah you really don't need that much Wow
get this part right here no that's berry
Haven spray I'm just using what's on the
red oh wow it's so shiny away oh you
missed a spot you stay away if you can
actually tell that he missed a spot
because it's so clean yeah you can tell
the spots you missed and as you can see
the results in the fridge were pretty
dramatic now we take it to the floor oh
that little too close sorry let's go is
this am I the only one that gets
satisfaction although I'm probably
really could have just like you can use
a mop if you don't want to use your hand
if you don't like it tough
hello shiny looks so nice yeah you know
I wouldn't recommend the way I just did
that I probably get like a little bit
it's a hard night tell me you don't get
satisfaction out of that right yes thank
you like that though yes I always liked
it this is great good is that bad
I guess sleep working cinder Sam Clemens
this is my favorite but if you need an
asthma or allergy friendly one here's
one for you I recently got a plant it's
actually grown a lot already mm-hmm but
it gets dust on it can you see that
mm-hmm
go go see it but I can do it well I'm
gonna try it on my plan holy can you
guys see that I got the dust off it's
shining oh I like it yeah baby you can
use in the bathroom door frame the door
oh five or here that's the silicone free
formula so there's no buildup or residue
as you can see you can use it pretty
much anywhere you can also find it and
buy it almost anywhere Walmart any
grocery store superstore or anything
like that they're also doing a giveaway
for everyone if you guys want to win a
prize package of end s products plus a
$150 Visa gift card all you have to do
is comment below and say how you're
going to use n dust in your home I'll be
reading the comments making sure you did
it then you need to go their Facebook
page I'll put a link in the description
right there so you can click on you like
and follow their Facebook page and
you'll be entered and you can win the
package and hopefully it's one of our
subscribers because I want you guys to
win I'm gonna get a glass of water and
it's time for the house tour
oh gosh that was so creepy
so I've seen a good TV
welcome to my crib coming what's up Sam
eco-tv
you're here at NOAA and PJ's house oh
and Imogen's and we just wanted to give
you guys a quick how story let's go
you've arrived well you go you've
watched a lot of blogs so you probably
are familiar with many areas of our
house but we thought we would just do a
proper house story this is a family room
know what are you in the fender we dance
what else we do popcorn that's what we
do we dance about the airport about
being a pop popcorn we have this super
comfy comfy couch nice foot Reds my
favorite spot in the whole cash oh yeah
oh man I've actually slept through the
night
four times right here not because of me
fell asleep - midgets actually mad at me
cuz I fell asleep down here got our nice
a chill decor before we uh you know
watch survivor sporting events other
guilty pleasures like - mom we're
actually cooking here's my diapers - oh
yeah Oh awesome feature of our
entertainment system that came included
is his bottom shelf where we store
diapers
oh my daddy can L be peppers and
noisemakers yeah yeah are you good help
we're getting mommy diapers but leave
them there welcome to the kitchen yeah
this is where we feel like is the safest
place for this bookshelf because we do
have a primer in crazy cat sorry now
announcer Oh welcome to the kitchen is
there bookshelf with our books another
random assortment of goodies you like to
read books Cat in the Hat
that does hey oh did you see me worried
now yes oh you see it's a real life
 my patient every just clean
no it's book show this is the craft no
and I did we made ghost she was in a bog
trick-or-treat becomes mom I see you'll
notice something in our house and the
higher hair is of places we have hidden
things now doesn't even see them this
baseball nice
I would keepers every single doesn't
welcome this Mariko let's see what's in
here
oh we got some almond milk some juice
some yogurts
this is Noah's pouch like area down here
Merry Christmas you filthy animal is my
crotch I love it baby food usually Oh as
we go through it so fast we should
probably put it away but yeah we just go
through that stuff like hotcakes yeah
that's a big bad right now got our
cooking stuff over here got AB meant one
dish dirty dish no cabinet
remember how I I went all of my um my
what's a call tipper we're a mess again
oh sorry okay know what oh we go to your
room and then knock on your door
on earth we open it for months they
welcome to my room when he's a minute
like a muggle just say yes but this is
my closet all this junk goes in there
that's a good point stuff matters it's
really it's great I love it
Mikey's already opened up our pantry
welcome to our pan oh you can see we
have tons of crackers tons of high
cheese or a snack chips here in college
storage we have Harry Potter on deck I
don't know why that's there because I
don't have a better place for it yet
I'll take it yet so yeah Robert Emmons
do you need help oh sorry sorry sorry
okay oh wait wait wait
alright this is my baby there's magic in
this bathroom
blue water on it and I'd like a cleaning
thing and she got the blue one which is
kind of fun it's actually an accident
essentially what no I'm with being read
my fan photos oh my grandma anyway this
is a laundry room it's a pretty messy
little bit of a mess right now
also this is where we hide stuff from
Noah yes
they're now in season so it's exactly
where we hang things well we mean was
bookshelf rain washer what I can't go
back all right
that we don't do that man let's go you
want to show me your room Noah come show
me your room
yeah let's come to your room you want
that okay
Oh get your me room Darth Vader um bum
bum bum bum buh buh buh hey leave it to
your room I'm following you can you see
the view of the kitchen oh we have our
blanket basket over here hey welcome
back at the top of the stairs this is
where we chuck stuff then we have to
clean up yet including a box we haven't
unpacked Sam has an unpacked sleeping
bags that we have slept in other
toiletries mostly this is where I keep
my big boxes of diapers we like to turn
it into a meter area and sometimes it is
but right now it's not cause in a rough
moment so hey C welcome welcome to my
bedroom show me around Noah
Oh Jo sir where's your bed yeah
Noah's room can you point to all the
storages in your room what search terms
yogurt yeah look at this one counting
yeah his awesome Star Wars curtains he
never gets tired of those no ash looks
and miscellaneous things in here for
quiet time oh um the storm trooper that
cocoa beep oh yeah yeah I'm hidden down
here for now yeah and cocoa gave that to
you huh awesome basic in here but it's
pretty funky yeah we'll decorate a
bedroom frame eventually we actually
took out the rocking chair because it is
broken and now he has more space me
loves these Liza has more space yes
cause it a few things all of his bins of
clothes oh my gosh
knock-knock oh no no this one's actually
a little messy right now but hey that's
okay
um yep here's your bed currently see
using a pack of my stuff
the nice mattress we've got good
old-fashioned sheet over there back in
the day become storage and clothes
alright stop because there's no cover
tape yeah got all our bows and things in
this and guest bed yeah sometimes you
fall asleep yeah it's really nice
we thought about putting the rocking
chair in here but the bed was actually
just pretty good so this is no this is
awesome bathroom seat water coffee yeah
we got some like yet you guys little
boys down there anybody Quinta not some
toothpaste
ah oh I have my toothbrush in here
here's a life hack for parents Noah
generally brushes his teeth pretty well
but I have learned that he loves to
brush his teeth
if he can also pressure me when I gotta
brush his teeth
I give him my toothbrush and say will
you please brush my teeth and then we
brush each other's and I really can
brush his perfect try it yeah
to the palace this is salmon avi office
where I get all the work done
- Jen's workspace yeah when she wants to
join me in here typically around
nighttime major coming get things done
heart yes this is where I like that
that's my Eve install I'm currently
gonna sell on eBay
I'm tempted for the rocking chair in
here so I can be comfy you might care
things in my office this is all the
convention like badges and stuff this is
what got me into Universal Orlando and
don't forget about your roots we're
going IT at Utah State I'm used to log
on to yeah cheers Taurus some of the
best time the rapper I don't really want
know to see you
there's something crazy in there yes
Rochelle what let's see what you have to
say a structure for costume and all my
sneakers speakers hello sir oh my camera
equipment yeah okay player that really
computer setup is gonna left hit that I
work on
for voiceovers and also for streaming
I'm gonna get back into streaming yeah
what do you guys think which are YouTube
gaming comment below yeah this is my
shelf bookshelf I got the drone my
grandpa's basketball better cheers
greatly it's usually a message I'm
generally set up right now NASA it's
usually so really nice but no likes to
play with his action figures yep um miss
Rizzo's YouTube play button apparent
acres I got a funny story right here
this I got for Christmas as usl last
year yeah my sister Courtney gear to me
she thought she was giving me one like
this thought it was actually a baby life
to pay so funny that's pretty cute
albums play button and some memories of
me and Noah yep yeah and yeah got a is
sweet computer got the studio light set
up for streaming and if we ever need him
for videos right and a green screen yes
this is our very comfy bed I love it I
miss it when I'm out of town literally
Oh more than this yeah this is our
lovely new dresser that I made when I
was pregnant with Noah this is the
pastor and we also have a glass cleaner
for the TV kylo Ren mask is also another
place where we hide a bunch of notes
roll our stuff so now I can't see it I
know it is tricks KJ was in our room I
still have some of some things on there
that I use pirazzi
my little end table with the call
bookshelf nice to know right yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah you get it in there
yeah this is
a lovely closet that jam-packed with
what your clothes to look it here's Jen
here's Chan and I'm over here okay okay
keep the rocking chair currently um you
don't want here permanently but just
yeah we'll do it very soon picture so
kind of we do make it them eating uh
characters I'll go to up and then clear
guys might be a fire and there are toys
yeah so this is much smaller bathroom in
there last place yes but we still in
love my favorite thing though is that
the counters are todd there really hides
it all and we never had counters I got
for him that's very interesting
what that's our place it's a lot
different than some of our other places
it's a house but it kind of feels like a
town home to it's very like cooker
cookie cutter basic there's not much on
the walls like we've said before it's
because the landlord what we're renting
this place doesn't want us to nail
anything up without her permission so
we're like huh we just won't put
anything up for now but we might use
other techniques like you guys have
posted in the comments before we really
love this place there's lots of things
we don't like about the place I guess -
uh because it doesn't have like a ton of
character and that's kind of helping us
as we plan towards saving towards buying
a house so I think we learn a lot from
each place that we live in and I
definitely I think this is my favorite
place we've lived in though right
don't you think for sure usually at this
part we kick you out but guess what
we love you being here with us and we
hope to see you guys tomorrow love you
oh sure sure
oh I hope I didn't get too big of balls
there oh oh
