good morning sweet world you're watching
Sannikov logs
my name is crystal this is Jay's and
this is Ksenia and we're from Australia
Hey here two mints
you got it that was so fun I loved you I
like that makes me feel enjoy buying
pumpkins from the cutest little pumpkin
slot ever so awesome
then they just make you so happy yeah
ah hi good morning
he said good morning sweet world would
you like to wave when you see people hi
I think I would stick her here than the
seconds it's never part of the message
you're so cute
you woke up so happy as usual yes she
slept in till 10 whoa except through the
night - yeah I didn't wake up till 7
then hopefully wanted to go back to bed
is growing bigger it looks crazy and she
wasn't sleeping on that side either last
night and I checked on it every time I
checked on her she wasn't so it's good I
know to get wrong to her she wants to
sleep on her tummy now she's just like
Noah and it's the all kind of none of us
are back sleepers um so I'm constant in
there making sure she's still breathing
because I still freaked out
hi baby hi jinks personal jinks personal
money so you buy me a coke no where are
we going what are we getting go get
pumpkin
where we go pokin husband pumpkins look
at this yeah right right
yeah we're driving this is foreign to
some people right yeah that's so pretty
looks like a picture those
recommendation to us by our neighbor
that they had this place with huge
pumpkins locally grown I think most
pumpkins are good and they're like huge
for about a dollar yeah
buzzing good hey if you want like a
dollar yeah and they give I guess three
little pumpkins to the kids - I think
she said I really want to decorate the
front house with like pumpkins this year
and they just leave them out and then
we'll carve them at the end of the month
we might have to recreate the pumpkin
photo that we did with Noah for PJ and
PJ needs her pumpkin outfit no no little
more pumpkin outfit you wear that for my
race day too I think
and when I went with Raquel to
well that's the same day you want to get
I wasn't there with no guys first
limited what do you have good luck to
the Minnesota Vikings yes cheerleader
you know for the Minnesota Vikings and
oh wow geez anyway so take that we're
gonna go will probably create that for
PJ oh really
the baby will not see so go sleep PJ
mostly we're almost there it's not the
play guys live in the area you know that
all Ted's gas station service station I
don't need to use anymore
yeah it's across that's legit we went
too far we accidentally missed the turn
so it's right over here look at the cute
little pumpkins look at the pop in place
everyone's here I know I hope they have
enough pumpkins for us look everyone's
here taking all the pumpkins leave me
some pumpkins people save some pumpkins
for me save some pumpkins for me cool
everyone's just taking wheelbarrow full
of pumpkin right now like so many
pumpkins pumpkins cool
these people's trucks are full of
pumpkins come on
save them for the rest of us had another
pumpkin market kid save some puppets for
me he's taking too many and so yeah look
everyone thinking about 20 it's a great
deal okay even the $1 pumpkins are super
nice I'm gonna show you park when I get
some the pumpkin is trying I don't want
to hit any kid this is the three dollar
section Jen
okay like is that be as Noah so it's
only cash literally I pulled up I was
like oh shoot there's a girl and she was
selling like a school fundraiser thing
and I never do those things but I just
felt bad nice and help a little girl
neighbourhood so um I'm like whining in
the neighbors tell me that's true so
wrapping paper back in the day did you
guys ever saw wrapping paper
my grandma would buy like all the rest
you don't just perks me hanging okay
with a big one they're always like yeah
I do the pride we can get prizes and I
never end up selling anything
anyway it's cash so we're gonna try to
go home to uh get some cash because it's
bumming with her how amazing the diary
that's so cheap okay we're back - laughs
got cashed by dinner actually I'm in
charge of young men tonight it kind of
last minute and we're doing some
management minute to win it like sanika
olympics games
yeah
got some materials look at these
pumpkins are Wow look at this one so
pretty and round yeah no one likes the
green one
yeah I know it looks like someone took
my look for the one I had picked out
that's okay
find a new well that probably round 100
shoot
take some more photos than I do in the
family
okay we have a specialty pumpkin we have
a $3 one now I have to pick out a $2 one
you can pick one out
okay which one do you like that one
right there I like that one too I was
actually looking at that one should we
pick it up I mean to help you
hey here to hints
you got it I actually use like a nether
one - good job Wow I think we've had
enough pumpkin a little dirt on your
chest okay now some cute one little
white one have to come back what you
just did hello close but I like that I
might want to get a little tan one -
yeah I want every color oh those are
cute little ones okay get one baby one
I can't no but like this little farm is
so cute she get that that's cool
look no edge the heavy green one
gonna clean one or no Q oh no this one's
cute oh no not that one this one's cute
here let's get this one shoe take some
of these that one out those ones are
cool squash sweet eats blocks we just
met $16 for all of it we should go to
Walmart not by me but too much oh yeah I
know let's come back with a pumpkin see
we're not doing her justice enter Chris
I know it's just so cold out here for
her I'm like freezing right now that was
so fun I love doing like that makes me
feel smooth joy put buying pumpkins from
the cutest little pumpkin spot ever so
awesome did I just make you so happy
yeah yeah absolutely nice super fun we
weren't there for very long but I still
had such a good time it was great so
we're gonna have some to paint some
arsons in our porch and look here I read
a q1 for my table
I love it okay this cute is currently
paid to pumpkin well sissy eats dinner
because she ain't your team yet
Tom what color you're using apple blue
and what else red and green the other
color black white and yellow yeah Sam
how to go to young months night
so we got it had to fight through to
distract him so I said he could paint
tonight instead of tomorrow instead of
tomorrow oh boy
beautiful
this is what this is doing
stuff in your face mom just keep
shoveling it in there is it going you
got enough paint on there yet more it's
not gonna be able to dry how cute is my
little table pumpkin I love it
so cute yeah I think I even get like a
little table runner though the Halloween
table runner look at that
drip action Wow with all the colors in
there it looks beautiful okay let's let
it dry I think you have enough paint on
there okay so Sam decided to stay and
play basketball off some of the boys
after Mutual tonight so I'm gonna really
quick sorry I just ran down the stairs
to get this camera I'm gonna answer some
of the questions that you guys are
posting a murmuring comments from
today's vlog about Noah sleeping and
whatnot so some comments were come down
earlier and then wake him up earlier
from his nap so we've tried like no used
to take his nap like a rat for lunch at
like 12:30 I would feed him at 12 or
11:30 he'd go down at 12:30 have a snap
was like one and turning to with this
summer and whatnot the schedules just
changed we were doing more stuff out and
about so his nap just got a little bit
later but now if we even tried to put
him down before 1:00 he like will not
sleep no matter what like he just won't
fall so he's just not tired and
sometimes even when we do put him in bed
at 1:00 he's just like laying in his bed
until 2:00 and then sometimes he'll fall
asleep at 2:00 and then all of them
sleep until 3:00 I wish he would just go
by that one and I can look about wake
him up at 2:00 which sometimes he does
do and I do do that but a lot of times
he just won't even nap he's just like
lays in his bed which is fun and I'm
fine with that
so we have tried cutting naps and he's
still like even if even though I've cut
the nap to like an hour he still won't
sleep at night it's like cutting the NAP
shorter hasn't helped and put him in bed
earlier doesn't help because he's just
laying in there until this that time I
would have put him in anyway awake you
know
mean um so we have tried those things
thank you for those suggestions though
there was a comment about us sitting
outside his bedroom door Noah has had he
he I don't know why but he has been very
sensitive to like every sleep regression
imaginable um he is a hit every single
one of those some kids like the sleep
regressions don't bother them and they
never have issues sleeping but Noah he's
like he's been a good sleeper but with
those sleep regression like hiccups in
the road he they like hit him hard back
when he was like 15 months maybe he had
a terrible regression and we were like
we had a like delay there and sleep in
the rocking chair with him like every
night for a month or two and then we
didn't have to lay down at all anymore
and then just recently he's had a
two-year regression or I guess I don't
even really know and he's just since
he's not tired like if he's had a nap
he's not tired so he doesn't want to
like be alone in a dark room staring at
the ceiling like I hate that too so he
like has to have someone there like work
our way out of the situation that like
we're trying we're trying to have him
kick that habit of us having beat to be
there but if we aren't there then he
like is a yelling for us I can you look
dad dad mom you know like yells for us
and the baby is just across the hall
from him and you know like these walls
are thick like you could hear everything
through them they have sound machines
but I don't turn them up super loud I
kind of have them mean it's just like a
little background noise so if he's like
yelling and crying and screaming like
she'll wake up and I don't want that
either
so we she was just outside the door so
that's funny and then some people are
saying that they did just cut the naps
out at 2:00 because they wanted the kids
to go to sleep some people are just
saying just do a half-hour nap like just
do a little power nap it's just
interesting is interesting you think
since he isn't feeling well like he's
kind of sick and stuff that he'd just
fall right to sleep but if he naps he
will not go to sleep at night Oh
someone's some people are my side though
we're just gonna think we're I don't
know they just think we're gonna play it
by ear I'm starting to give him the
option like hey like you're gonna go
upstairs for a nap if you don't feel
like doing that like just quiet time
like I'd fall I'm like
it's hard though cuz since he is still
young he doesn't quite get the concept
of quiet time and he's like yelling for
us half the time if he doesn't want a
nap okay that was a long little chat um
yeah bye thanks for comments and your
suggestions we really appreciate it we
like hearing feedback from you
experienced parents because we still are
maybe we have two kids we've been
parents for two years but that doesn't
seem like a lot of time you know I mean
we're still very inexperienced parents
parenting wise so thank you
look at this little perfect pumpkin hey
guys
okay well we're here at wheel if I'm
taking pictures of Noah as a pumpkin
with a pumpkin I look at my Instagram
and they'll be there cuz you're really
cute
