good morning sweet world I'm Brittany
and this is alia and you're watching
Sannikov loggs
pieces Jen says that she realized that
she's been using bumpers and that she's
actually not that good at bowling
we'll see though meet Sam we'll talk
about more in a bit but we're having our
first parental disagreement so we need
to chew
that means I love it guys he's repeating
like everything we say these days and
it's awesome
yeah it's Monday and our friends Joanie
and her daughter Veda are in town
visiting and I'm so excited or it's
October now so I feel okay buying some
spider webs and a giant spider or
something to decorate the house um it's
raining gross out so I don't know if
we'll actually put the decorations up
today orful wait but let me get that out
while sam finishes up working and then I
think we might try it later um meet Sam
we'll talk about more we're our first
parental disagreement so we'll talk
about it more tonight maybe together but
in short I'm I'm finally okay with just
not doing apps if that means that he'll
sleep at night
Sam still wants to do a nap even if and
then just keep staying up late with him
because he just got tired tonight so
he's just not falling asleep until 10:00
so we'll talk more about it later but Oh
drama I'm just kidding um never really
we're having first right till
disagreement about what we should do
because they both want different things
TBA to be announced what we're outside
we are we're gonna go to the Halloween
store oh yeah baby okay
oh my goodness oh my goodness this is so
cool today
my green dog exact I don't know what I
was I don't know why this
like try to like sing a song like guess
who's back back back back again green
jackets back Jennifer okay that was just
really really stupid um anyway we're
here it's freezing out here
no sorry thank you at the front of the
store okay careful careful hold onto the
stroller please while we walk across
thank you stay with mom yeah hi sis now
I get to print to use all your cute
blankets look at this is the one that
Christine needs you it's cold enough now
I think this is the one that's in the
mall and they usually go all out like
doable like scary keeps just saying you
good so where's gonna stay away from the
scary stuff hey what'd you get well you
were already holding some spider webs
and here maybe this little school going
around the door I don't know I just
really like it oh my god giant spider
but I'd hit anyone
like to like put by our door or
something all right round two Noah said
no I mean no homie I don't want to go
home so we're gonna go home and story
this one's not scary so that's good
it was great I think you fine though I'm
just gonna like laughing at everything
but even I was like okay this is a
little intense for children they need to
put that as a warning on the outside the
door
scary things and really scary things
inside are like things so they stopped
just blind stuff okay that's good let's
go let's go he's not gonna let me leave
without this but it costs 16 freaking
dollars when I get nothing
he's like finding all the creepy things
in here
that's a cool skill to head okay both
Halloween stars are scary I think when
we just went last time with Sam you just
got there September and something they
were done setting up yet because we just
want anyone's a little tape you know the
other ones waist area the other one's
scary in the fact that like they make
this huge like two huge displays which
is kind of freaky yeah and then that one
is have a really scary things hanging
and like creepy faces it's just a long
time so it was good he was yeah my you
skip and just pretend it's just pretend
just get me but I don't want to like get
scared of the dark
maybe you guys so or be forever in
general I want to know that it's fake
it's just for fun I need to get command
strips for this stuff because there's
nothing on my door that can hold it up I
don't want to hammer a nail or anything
into my door but I'm testing out the
lights the orange lights and they look
really cute
got a black strand it's kind of fun and
then I can put spider whip around like
on top of it she looks more spooky at
night and then yeah I just need to get
in extension quarters and think freezing
outside though don't we going around up
you'll make people sick spread it out
spread out the web when you have kids
and they know it's going on holidays
become even cooler
they're already amazing but they just
become even cool hey I see can you peek
through
I mean frill how awesome of the holidays
they're just great
all the different holidays this time of
year you got if you celebrate Halloween
Thanksgiving Christmas and now that Noah
actually kind of understands what goes
with each one this is like the day I've
been waiting for it the past two years
we've been so excited for him to
understand it I think he actually does
someone's at the door what do you say
come back again he's gonna come back
again yeah hello oh I have another one
for you cool costume what do you say
gang
trick-or-treat hi hi trick-or-treat
Oh what are those Halloween Cheetos
now those for me Kevin oh my oh what's
this
Cheetos thanks buddy this is a cool
house to go to this kidiots everything
he wants these days worst cake car
washes back in they go bowling for a
week so what do we do where do we go
bowling and you got a little juice to
kind of parent aren't you and I'm
someone duh let's go bowling
no just screamed yeah baby so loud and
scared everyone working in here
oh boy I do personals
I learned something new that right there
is a fan and I guess you it's used to
like dry your fingers off before you
bowl
did you is fair strike on camera
whatever yep
hey Noah what color is your ball what
color is that though that's yellow mom's
balls mom's balls orange what colors
mom's ball Oh green good job
bears bears bears
oh I'm gonna bully you down the lane
here bomi record music okay
ready Jen says that she realized that
she's been using bumpers and that she's
actually not that good at bowling well
see the ball moving to strike on camera
first me brother screaming woke you up
huh
what happened
try again you get one more turn okay now
she feels like a bowling ball with one
arm I'm saying that looks like you feel
like what a boy I'm always mean hold up
the weight it's like well you don't pick
up Penelope you just like my your
fingers
but like this with one arm is quite
heavy
you think you're gonna strike the first
time I'm hanging this on love the
enthusiasm kid okay last frame
last chance to get a strike
will he do it will you do it on the last
turn your curse is broken the curse is
broken
finally thank you shout out said all my
believers time for a turkey Turkey
turkey come be a turkey know what oh my
gosh he just got a freaking Turkey Oh
what I didn't think you anyone was Rick
100 we've all been playing so poorly
okay well I've been playing really
poorly no it's currently beating me do
your your ball got stuck oh wait it
might be coming it's coming it's coming
look Noah daddy got all the ping
told us
oh boy oh boy I don't think so I don't
think so so close I'm adding this clip
in because we didn't end up talking
about it then Devon I got this is the
are honestly our first parental real
disagreement and I think we're both
right yeah we've had other parental
disagreements but we usually come
together on a decision pretty quickly
this was when we both looked at each
other like mark are you serious no you
serious are you serious are you kidding
I'll try and summarize really good okay
you get some rice Rick because you kind
of mentioned it already
oh yeah Jenna thinks that Noah should
stop taking naps but have quiet time to
have quiet time because then he falls
asleep faster at night which is true he
generally falls asleep but then a couple
minutes when he doesn't get a nap but
sometimes he's crazy during the day I
know but he didn't think it yesterday
rock dust we're gonna do scientific
study then yeah he didn't good yesterday
he didn't decent yesterday beat it and
then I think that Noah should still have
naps because I think naps are important
for kids and their growth both mentok
mentally physically emotionally
okay mr. scientist but then he takes
over an hour to fall asleep at night it
would have been until after 10:00 so
lately he has had a hard time falling
asleep which I'm usually on Noah sleep
duty and usually on baby
Penelope sleep duty and at nighttime
mm-hmm so I doesn't really bother me
that much there's only been like one
time in his whole life right like even
this year where I was like okay to exams
two times I was like we got a tip I'm
tapping out because I've been here for a
long time yeah because I was like hungry
or something it only bothers me because
we have to sit outside his door like he
has to know we're there and he calls for
us every five seconds but during that
entire hour dad's definitely become a
thing yes lately he's this constant so
that's um she likes having dad close by
yes
or whoever sitting there mom whoever
mostly dad though because he does pin
snaps like he has a cold right now and
so I know it naps good for him so he's
currently sleeping but I just figure
some days you know yeah I'd rather not
fight the nighttime I should have
someone good to get me the vlog we're
done
goes on a rant about how she's afraid
Noah's gonna stop napping I appreciate
that because I don't want that on repeat
and the TV you know you being croelick
girl with our children we go through
stages with our children and I'm ready
to exit this negativity some of the
comments let him nap as long as possible
usually the other way around that like
you want right nap because you want your
like free time and stuff right so but
honestly like I would I want him to keep
his nap if he were still going to bed at
night but it's just taking him way too
long to fall asleep and I can't handle I
do some I think we need to do the
scientific what's it called the fleet
steady no you do like a hypothesis or
was recalled only just a order of
operations that's math what is it called
scientific method yes we've been in
school for a while and we need to have
we should have you know predictions
hypotheses see who's right you know I'm
not against them not taking enough every
single day just the majority of the days
I'm fine if he just has quiet time so
you know we're both right we'll see what
happens we'll see what happens we have
made light of the situation though we
could have really merely mad at me Joey
yeah oh we weren't like mad nod but we
were kind of like what's your deal so
you know don't see who comes out on top
me it's gonna be me
it gotta be me hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog tomorrow we're gonna go get
some pumpkins there's a nice little
place on my neighbor recommended we're
also gonna film a house tour which we're
gonna show you later this week possibly
Thursday or Friday it's gonna be great
love you guys peace
what happens it's Jay yeah it's Jay is
that Jay yeah
