good morning sweet world I'm Jenny from
Louisiana and welcome to Sammy club am I
the only one that hits a baby food all
my friends were like no I just never
baby eat it cold and I was like I don't
like squash cooked or warm
I don't think like how I would why me I
mean I definitely like it cold if I
didn't like it warm so it's like well
the baby like it cold so I kind of
always heat them up a little bit okay
let's stir it up a little bit you're
such a good helper right now oh my gosh
I Pingel seems like a bunch of the
Bringle like things bathed us and they
help me get the inches off Wow good job
here let's get it off from her face I
can help you this is like just get the
food in my mouth there you go mmm good
job
no I just walked over and said I want a
feed sissy so wait wait till she looks
at you look at right here is this nose
gonna feed you some food good job I
thought that's this oh here let me help
you get a little bit more scooped up
well I'm gonna scoop it off her face
okay wow you are such a good sweet oh
he's like let's taste it oh wow you're
such a good oh good job getting it off
her chin here already hope you guys well
it's the most precious thing I've ever
seen Noah's been such a good boy you've
been so good he's been so sweet today
this weekend is um called General
Conference for our church it's when the
leaders of our church gather
they give us counsel on what can help us
make our life happier and better during
conference when I just like stain our
PJs and watch Conference on TV and eat
lots of yummy food so our friends tear
and Michael came over with Md this
morning what's fun is that Sam's mom for
all the grandkids makes a little like
paper and Mail's it to everyone and say
okay right do tally if you hear all
these words so like love and family and
Jesus Christ and all those things and so
you get five cents per tally mark for
every time you hear the word and so no
one PJ got it this year here let me help
you with Maithili quick so he was
helping us make little tallies and then
we were kind of just doing the rest of
the tallies
good morning everyone
Sam Winchester last night and bought
some cupcake mix I'm trying to have
something fun to do today I would be
festive
yes okay this is really good I'll show
you and I know I heard I and all I was
talking about for the last hour
and he wants us to have candles on it
and to sing him happy
oh sorry the last time you had cake you
didn't really don't make cake ever we
don't we just don't we go we just don't
buy quickly they're sweet watermelon
sour patch kids those are ball this one
has my heart
we just don't buy quickly they're sweet
has anyone watching this vlog ever eaten
a high chew he's just been watching his
birthday videos like all week long and
he sings happy birthday around the house
and he's really want this so we're gonna
some cupcakes
cut cut cut cakes some cupcakes
conference is just wrapping up for the
morning session what's a birthday no
birthdays are only once a year it's the
day you were born
yeah so how old are you Hey no no we sit
here three yeah you do
so we're gonna make look at me look at
me we're gonna make this cake but we're
not gonna make it because it's for
anyone's birthday just for fun we make
it cuz it's Halloween Halloween time and
just for fun do you say festive yeah do
you want to help me mix it and make it
okay
birthday here's really what's the thing
to do babe can we sing happy birthday
anyways even though it's no one's
birthday
yeah it's Halloween's where things act
like it's a store cheese birthday today
today store just birthday yeah what is
that what you just put in there cake are
you gonna bake it yourself
good okay not yeah we got the rest of
seven in the net you can stir it when I
was missionary and living in the
Dominican Republic making cakes like
this one so simple that a toddler could
make it was one of my favorite things
because in the United States we often
make cakes of the box like this for
birthdays for special events for fake
birthdays and it was always fun and
they're pretty delicious you know so it
was pretty amazing what $1 $2 funfetti
cake could do for someone's day
sometimes the first time someone would
ever have one of these cake people who
are always blown away by the cakes that
have been anderson and my companions we
would make and they were just straight
ahead of the box as I got the secret
recipe from the United States and then I
tell them it's just on the box so first
of all this giant shirt tucked into his
pants it go so cute so here we are we're
finally getting the cupcakes in the cups
it's been an eternity to some of us but
it's only been a minute what I mean
eternity is some listen I'm talking
about Noah he just wants it done right
now this is the cake mix this is what's
gonna cook it turns into okay yeah do
you know where we're gonna put it now
when we're done filling it up where are
we gonna put it yeah you say oven oven
good job okay no there's gonna help put
the frosting on the cupcakes a little
bit I'm on top
here's sprinkle around like this just
doing a little sprinkle like around this
cupcakes
good job put him on the orange one just
like this sprinkle it around it's okay
you'd like to eat the sprinkles can I
put some on that one
Oh I mean don't even write this second
grab a bigger handful like cards like
this much grab a big handful
good and put it on top good
so no is insisting that it's someone's
birthday so we're gonna sing happy
birthday to everyone that's having a
birthday today in the world if it's your
birthday
we're singing to you right know what
don't me light it like there's no more
fluid in it okay cuz everyone happy
birthday to me everyone
happy birthday to everyone happy
birthday dear everyone in the world
celebrating a birthday today
not Noah it's not Noah's birth they just
so you know no it's not really your
birthday saying happy birthday everyone
keeps say happy birthday everyone
everyone ok ok ok you can eat that on
behalf on behalf of everyone you can use
your hands note to everyone it's not
your birthday it's it's everyone else's
that's celebrating today so I guess it's
not everyone's it's the people that
actually burnt yeah baby
fun funny really know what what to do
decide that we should do with the
cupcakes why where we're gonna give them
yeah to your friends neighborhood yeah
last week the our cute little neighbor
girls next door brought us some
delicious pumpkin but was it chocolate a
pumpkin bread or something or cake it
was so good so since we made cupcakes we
have lots of extras that we probably
won't finish we're gonna go give some to
them no sissy to come to stay here I
just mean you're gonna go oh they like
um I think it's so amazing and crazy and
weird when it is super sunny out and
it's somehow raining
there's one right there's one cloud
doesn't even look like it's that full of
rain and it's raining all the way down
the street although it looks like
there's no clouds up here but it's still
raining over here so bizarre it's
currently raining down on me and there's
no cloud above me there's only that
cloud right there my model
there's no clouds above me but I'm
getting rained on this is so weird
Noah and Penelope really I
they earned $30 with the grammys
conference cache yeah no I'm just
kidding
no actually did help yesterday and then
Penelope helped a little bit yesterday
and then I did I kind of just did the
rest well I was listening for them but
as great conference is really great
about cute kid oh there's not a cute kid
that's you hey kids over here do you
ever have a realization that we have two
kids yeah once a day I'm like whoa we
have two kids and I say that a lot of
half the time they're right here they're
both right looks like we got some rain
incoming
hi good news we got three babies in a
class three two and a happy one happen
yes we are going to have a girls night
okay how do I put this
okay okay
man cheating crises in the new cars I
you know thanks the muscle
it doesn't it are you just going
straight during the middle with your
friends
yep do you like that seat yeah fun
except look like a truly then it's gonna
be a disaster but there's rain the wrong
one inside it's true
good we'll find out we went high dinner
a little crazy
it wasn't crazy inside the place just
the boys were a little there right to go
but Noah's practicing sing a sentence we
just stopped at Charlie's to get some
ice cream and just we're gonna we went
to rouille but it was packed inside and
I did not want the baby out she's upset
wants to go home and no it would have
gone crazy in there and there's just no
space so we're gonna go back to mine
eat some ice cream and hang out and play
until the guy until Sam gets home
forever but no one learn a new sentence
see ya see where where did Terra go
where did Terra go
she went into Charlie's to you ice cream
because he's been saying oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah like hey like he doesn't try
to say those words you so used to saying
that like way she where is she saying
where is no she no no no more filming
yeah so where is she
you sure do you ice cream anyway we're
texting words instead of oh yeah did I
make up no reason she didn't go by bus
route to get you ice cream yeah baby
