good morning sweet world my name is
danae and this is baby ella and you're
watching samokov vlogs do we trim the
mole it do we trim the mole it or leave
it long no I just walked over and said
I'm a feed sissy so wait till it wait
till she looks at you look at right here
sis nose gonna feed you some food I
broke my wrist
okay no one's gonna film you his to
choose okay which one's your favorite
the purple one yeah you really like that
one I've just found him outside by the
trash can so you're lucky awesome you
should play he owe you this chew chews
on a skateboard Wow okay a little to
choose oh yeah blue choo-choo hey and
those are nose to choosing cars for you
like me what you like it works hi got
that helicopter how high airplane he
finds his airplane to the floor okay do
you like that airplane also it's really
funny because somehow we've lost like
all of the toys that he got while
traveling like there's I there's like 12
paw patrol choice till things just like
slip into the unto the like under the
house and they just disappear forever
like all these some socks hey what you
doing giving your cars at car wash yeah
giving them all wash gotta clean all the
toys off oh oh
she loves me will play with her he is my
baby's big enough for I cherished I
can't believe you guys are cute Oh your
mouth is a mess hi baby he's a sappy
Dean it's our wine oh we wanted the car
wash where do you want to go right now
gosh who the sky looks pretty cool right
now you're that cloud no that's a huge
cloud and the sun's hiding behind it all
no one can talk about for the past 24
hours including last night he is
actually very upset that we didn't go
last night is the car wash how much he
just wants to go to the car wash
yeah maybe all this kid can think about
today is a car washes okay this is from
grammy and papa Oh what is it can you
read it to me was it safe hey Noah to
Noah but what else does it say okay guy
yeah okay dr. know what oh wow that's
all it says yeah do you like it yeah
he's a thanks Trivium papa each Papa is
no I me and Papas General Conference
cash yeah we should do it this year I
mean we can go get a choo-choo oh we're
at hobby lobby and Noah's not in a cart
wishes look I said I excellent said
don't touch anything a nice that's
everything yeah I didn't learn from
jen's walk damn it even blaring oh good
stuff look at this man there's a cute
little charge whoa that's pretty okay
the baseball coat rack though is
actually really cute i love that
business for measuring how tall you are
kind of yeah you put on the wall yeah
and there's regal feel beautiful oh we
do oh that one's kind of nicer than ours
own this or just like I'm still a target
I love that history of baseball that's
cool in the little baseball man I love
the little baseball coat rack that's so
cute Oh q look how cute look at wash
your hands these are so cute i love
those Bernie the craft we were gonna go
bowling but he changed his mind inside
want to go bowling anymore he's not
really feeling well today yes not nose
and stuff so we started at a craft
instead he loves doing crafts paint
painting but I don't mind because I
liked me stuff too oh now you see what
each one is basketball fifa what about
we're stuck
they have hockey like how cute these
little hooks are can get all the sports
those are really cute I wish we could
just hang stuff up whoa Stewart whoa
that's cool it's like 3d yeah that one
anyway there's nothing sports more
though than Star Wars right now yeah I
love that one whoa that's a good
airplane gentle you don't break
whoa yes throw underneath hold
underneath yep like that so you think's
dad home oh hey pitch I love how he
organizes all of these mm-hmm like the
other day he organized our laundry he
threw it up he threw all the laundry on
the ground we're like hey man I'm gonna
do that we come back in he's organized
by color white colors and song it's all
this box of epoxy you like a trend I see
these groups of blues here then there's
like the black and red ah there's a
little blue over there you like to put
things with colors right now hey just
great oh yeah oh and what happened to
you we were just we're gonna wait till
everyone asks in the comments what song
Jen's rest I have a cheery wrist um I
know I just have like a tendon or
something a ligament that's like really
really hurting it's been hurting for a
while yeah Jen finally took my advice
well I told her she have a go looked at
I mean I don't know if you can really
see it it's right here it's kind of
chunky looking okay there's like some
she just feels funny hey so my dad said
I should go get an ultrasound of it but
I'm gonna you he said I could or I could
do a brace for a little while and she
helps cut the leaves good old walgreens
brand yeah looks nice though yeah I
wasn't asked me what's on your wrist
loose ain't broke it thumbnail I broke
my wrist I'm just kidding good pigtails
you look like the girl but what's your
name on the new movie the scary girl
what's her name with the balloon right
here by me like the Marvel isn't
suit short side side side side side
squad Suicide Squad everybody I should
have paint one red in one blue I love
her here like this she has an accidental
crisscrossed part though cuz her hair is
so hard to put in pigtails that's why
she never has pigtails because it just
like she Wiggles so much and she bit her
hair just like it's like silk so it just
falls out it's so it's so hard I finally
got some pigtails on her though but the
part is pretty messy why don't you I
love her hair like this ready look how
long her hair is getting guys it's kind
of crazy I love it oh also do we trim
the mole it do we trim them all it or
leave it long what do you think I'm
overly long what happened you can see to
the ombre pneus the this dark stuff down
here it was her newborn hair that's how
much look how much is gonna opposite
hombre como se hun breather I think of
Spanish ok ok your mom be that hungry
can't decide if we should trim it or not
I'm starting to think we probably should
no I just walked over and said I wanna
feed sissy so wait wait till she looks
at you look at right here sis know is
gonna feed you some food
