MSA oh good morning sweet world I'm
melona from South Korea and you're
watching the sama clogs piece I'm
telling you I'm right I'm right no one's
gonna hate this so much don't want my
mom I'm so he's right don't break your
beautiful face
all right buddy what are we doing I
happy ice-blocking yeah Molly shake are
they gonna come with ok you ready ok so
we're at the same place we were at
yesterday and today we are going to do
some ice blocking now I was blocking no
do you know what ice blocking me as I'm
gonna come explain it oh I think Tyler
and Haley are here invited them cuz this
is like a West thing to do me hey Emily
we should on leave issues on dice book
ok so I don't know what happened I guess
Tyler got lost getting here he went like
20 minutes in the wrong direction ok so
we're going ice-blocking I think it's a
view type thing for like a thing that
you do in West may be any place with
pills oh you did ok it's something we
definitely didn't do an Illinois because
we really don't have hills like this
hill right here is just about as big as
any Hill we have near my house so what
you do is you go the grocery store you
pick up these giant blocks there about a
dollar or two dollars depending on where
you go we're really cold you bring a
towel girl you wrap it over the ice
block but you have the ice block
actually on the grass and then you just
slide down the hill look at her look at
her eyes she's calling she's under game
she's scootin ok so I'm gonna take noah
we're gonna go only a little bit up the
hill he's I than sitting my lap yeah
haven't sent me alone not so fast not
too high just for your feet down
okay not too high no not not babe start
out low he's gonna hate it if you go too
high I'm telling you I'm right I'm right
no one's gonna hate this so much don't
listen to mom mom so he's right hey you
did it work mom was wrong Mama's rolling
this time I was wrong daddy go fast yeah
watch daddy go Noah work out we've got
freakin for ice box with no one to use
them hang that fun well thinking
something iceboxx a little bigger gonna
take you out oh good I want right no let
me try ok let's good workout there's Jen
she said she hasn't understood since you
younger you should come
I should have film closer he's like you
go much faster than it would place what
he knew Susie pretty awesome huh
let's go baby yeah baby damn legs are
too long okay give me thumbs up buddy
yeah yeah daddy look at daddy
Oh
I'm shoot you
ok guys no one oh god don't break your
beautiful face oh I don't think I can do
face first yeah good job more by
yourself ok dad put him a little higher
this time I think he'll be ok running up
this hill with I think they're like 10
pounds of ice the first or second time
you like all is good then you start
doing a couple more times it's pretty
tired you are the cutest little thing
Senor near little jacket are you having
fun watching yeah is your family crazy
yeah there you are after every run no
goes more me more you just wants to keep
doing it they seem to be having a hard
time on the hill right now it's really
hard to put like two blocks together I
want to like a blanket though and just
put a million blocks underneath and just
like lay on it choo-choo style i'll see
you this works just on to hit just go
right over him oh hi angel baby you've
been so good you ready go home and have
some dinner I might go home and have
some dinner you waving to everyone
here this Lina's boy
no has learned how to roll his window
down so that's been fun we've been T an
advantage of those child locks recently
Oh down she goes huh you just livin
large babe for the window down high but
we're gonna we're gonna check in with
Tyler and Haley because the Bengals are
winning so that means Tyler is probably
happy i also just traded for AJ Green in
fantasy football so I'm rooting for him
so I can watch the game a child and root
for the Bengals so I really want the
Bengals to do well tonight we had fun
though ice-blocking that's why they
couldn't come because the game was going
to start pretty soon so they wanted to
make sure they were ready for it so from
a swing by and say hi guys welcome I'm
exhausted like got full workout great we
gotta do that every morning boy has more
sore than they were earlier today yeah
you need show Tyler your football jersey
okay let's go he's got the news now
hello yeah you have your jersey I have
my jersey go downtown footballing wanna
welcome who'd a reason great lovin is
the foster sending me yeah sure see see
to football shirts tell me tell them
about all your footballing go what do
you say when they scored but yeah what
about it's another bangles first down
and what else hike hike yeah oh my gosh
it's such a good workout it's let's hear
ready shake your booty shaking booty
shaking booty shaking booty oh this is a
good little picture but I still haven't
gotten my mother way yeah actually your
names on here you yeah look yeah it is
it is right here see that's you know yep
and mom and dad did you tell Tyler what
each of us are in Star Wars your you
ready your Noah storage what's mommy
what sissy
BBA ma how much data Chewbacca wits
Tyler with Tyler I'm Tyler storch what's
Tyler yeah she should tell her be
coloring I'm kind of right Hayley hey
hey hey Li what's Haley gonna be should
she be ray yeah ok ok so we have Hayley
ray uh Kyla or tile Oh Kyle oh mama
storage sissy bb-8 and what's dead
Chewbacca Noah has assigned a different
star wars characters to each person in
our family everyone that he meets for
thought you now so I'm dad that
Chewbacca gee Papa we have to go with
that from me
whoa
