good morning sweet world my name is
Shawna and I'm from San so California
peace all right there's two videos today
i already posted a bonus video this
morning if you click on the screen or
the card or there's a link in the
description you can go watch that it is
a video about how to take photos how we
take photos kind of get that look that
we like with that shallow depth of field
so go ahead and click on that go watch
that come back and watch this there is
also a montage at the end of this vlog
of drone footage that I absolutely loved
it might be my favorite chair montage
ever I just think the colors and the
light and the Sun it's just beautiful
enjoy today's vlog love you guys hey
soon your house is waiting so patiently
remembers whispers a little too thick
that's okay too I said I should probably
have made his nose
typical he's so happy you're here now
okay my here's her very good fake was it
just like a spider this it's really hard
to use looks like a spider FSA there's a
big bug on the windows up with the
spider you're cute all done your cat Oh
My whiskers are terrible though I'll get
better looks like a fighter okay that
little thing is really hard to use do
you like how much it on a pink nose huh
he likes it you look cute what are you I
say meow I cat ya know what can you tell
Penelope what you are oh ok that's like
a dog or a wolf me no baby like his cat
face
hi hai ba hey we're gonna go to bounce
and slide I hope still open we haven't
been in a while so we're gonna drive
over there and see if they're still in
business never know these days um she's
got him up from his nap I only let him
take like an hour and a half nap we're
hour and a half to see if that helps him
tonight Leslie days the first day trying
to shorten it a little bit sissy on the
hand did not want to sleep so that's
over n eat in the car and go some more
and then she'll fall sleep in her car
seat uh-huh yes would you like to do the
best yeah well I what you're knitting
the car I think you know your in your
seat in the car yeah oh good yeah yeah
were you tired and you went to sleep oh
yeah she's tired and cranky ok let's go
bouncing slide wow he's been stronger
since we've been here oh gosh oh gosh oh
wow
where's your with you
who did it all by yourself that's the
first time I fine you didn't offer
yourself let's see if we can do it his
first time really climbing by himself
wow it's crazy how much he's grown in
just like a few months six months eh I
don't know the last time we came here
you did it this is awesome to me that I
don't have to
again
I there he comes
you
this is awesome and cribbing for little
kids guys like us the stairs I cannot
believe you can climb up this
you got it yo was there
Oh
we are the only ones here I texting some
friends see if they want to come back I
don't know I think everyone's busy today
JK i just checked my phone i think
melissa and holy are gonna head over
must be fun
they'd already be Tracy so been running
so much like off this sound as an air
being blown into let all of the things
giant sound machines
come on back oh my that was a good
full-body flip handy Khloe's here
hi sweetheart
when do a little Q&A what's your name no
ahh what's your middle name yeah which
last name yeah to Anderson asking
Anderson okay let's wait and make it oh
what's your favorite football or
baseball late okay what's your favorite
baseball or football what's your
favorite color blue what how old are you
hey no you're only 20 kv you too hey got
three hey you're fine you're three why
is he keeps saying he's three what's my
name get it wow you remembered yeah hey
with Jenna hunters name sake Phillippe
got his name yeah yeah what's your best
friend's name yeah yeah yeah yeah what's
your best friend's name big ya ke Taji
yeah little dicey oh wow I've blocked
that with my hand with super everything
to play during the day goodbye what what
fine who is cooler ray ray or Finn
awesome thing Oh Millennium Falcon yeah
why well there you have it folks Q&A
segment with Noah today yesterday when
Sam was with the guys from mutual they
come up to it a cool park that we never
been to sound we did I sparking he has
ever been nice blocking yeah it's
running by these big blocks of ice and
then you go down the hill on it yeah I
want to be really fun it's like living
on ice really and so Sam wanted to bring
us by today during the light because he
sets a really cool park and there's a
couple playground it's all Hills kind of
crazy Wow
I am so cool he's quite the workout dude
it's like crazy it's all health the cute
little hills everywhere so he'll another
hill I'm on a hill lots of this but look
how beautiful it is tonight Sam brought
the drone so good see better better view
of the area in a minute still still
Penelope's favorite toy oh so funny I'm
not joking she just loves to chew on
those the most out of everything she was
never gets tired of chewing on this guy
and the other guy she gets tired turn on
everything else goodness it's so nice
out here probably the best night we'll
have all year memorize it is perfect it
is so perfect and I'm supposed to cool
down to like the low 50s next week that
we you said so jacket weather basically
which I'm not upset with I'm totally
down for some jacket weather careful I'm
totally down for jacket weather i just
don't want snow until december and then
i want to stop after December's over hi
hi bud you're getting really good at
climbing up flights big boy yeah he's my
star wore a shirt
you
you
you
damn
