all right I think everything set up did
you like my background
this is my office space this is where I
get most of our vlogs edited photos
edited and all my work done right here
now a couple months ago we did a video
about newborn photography we made a
video explaining kind of of the lenses
that we like to use a great starter
camera which is the Canon Rebel T 6 eye
we showed some examples of the photos
that we took with that we never really
went that far in depth and things so I
want to make a couple more videos to
help you guys out because I know a lot
of you bought that camera and are
looking for more help and guidance if
you didn't buy that camera this video
could still help you out I have a couple
recommendations I also want to have Jen
hop in because she is the professor now
I'm kind of the technological taught
myself about photography guy and Jen has
the degree she has the eye she has the
natural talent that she's developed so
we're kind of like a good team a good
mix of kind of both worlds of trained
professional and me just trying to be a
good photographer a question that I
often see from you guys that bought the
Canon Rebel T 6 eye is are we using the
same camera your pictures look different
than mine I actually think it's pretty
cool that you can have the same piece of
equipment and different people get
different results it takes time and it
takes practice to really find what you
like to get out of your photos like what
your style is what they're gonna look
like my friend tribe Tyler he has a very
distinct look with his photos very warm
look that he goes with and I feel like
our style me and Jen it kind of like
goes all over the place sometime I
definitely think my photos have a look
to him but I do like to kind of jump
around and try different things I'd like
to do a video we're out in the field
taking photos and kind of doing a
demonstration of that but today I want
to recommend two lenses that I have
absolutely love taking photos with
lately
shoutout to canon for sponsoring today's
video we use exclusively canon equipment
all our DSLRs are vlogging cameras and I
love their stuff as you guys know they
recently sent me a box of two lenses
this is a bundle it's called the
portrait and travel kit to
power to create there's the 50
millimeter lens and then there's a 10 to
18 millimeter lens now what does that
mean
those numbers like what what does that
have to do with anything the greater
millimeter the lens is that's the closer
up the photos gonna be like the closer
up the subject is gonna be when you take
a photo the thing about the rebel t6 is
actually has a cropped sensor on it so
things are automatically like 1.6 times
more zoomed in now I think the human
eyes sees at 15 millimetres Oh Noah I
don't be a part of my video it gen does
the human eye see it 50 millimeters 15
millimeters what a human eye you studied
this do you want to stand up and be in
it okay here you can hold this can you
hold that what is that
what do you do with that what is that
used for do you know do you like this
this is like a toe stump what do you do
with it that's for taking pictures I
just did a quick google search and I was
right 50 millimeters it was kind of seen
as like what the human eye sees so you
know when you pull up a camera and you
look at it and you're like whoa that's
super zoomed out you're probably using a
lens that's less than 50 but in the case
of a crop sensor 35 millimeters is more
of what the human eye sees because you
have to take whatever number that is and
times it by 1.6 it's kind of confusing
we don't need to go that far in depth
with it like I said I'm using the 10 to
18 to currently film this so I can't
really hold it up but I'll hold up these
boxes this is what you get inside of the
kit okay the 10 to 18 millimeter lens is
definitely a lot bigger in size but it's
what gets you those more zoomed out
shots it actually gets you a much wider
angle which I love and an economical kit
I feel like these two lenses complement
each other better than any other two
lenses I can think of I've used the 15
millimeter many times for many many
years this has a 1.8 f-stop on it which
means you can let a lot more light into
it and get a much more like the depth of
field on it is just like amazing and I
think that's what a lot of people want
to get out of their photos they see
photos with kind of that blurred
background the focus is right on the
subject right there and you're like wow
this photo is amazing how did they do it
I have the same camera how is this
possible
well it's because they're shooting it
with the f-stop of like 1.8 so these are
photos that I have taken with a 15
millimeter lens over time kind of using
that really shallow depth of field maybe
shooting at a 1.8 f-stop and you'll see
that the background is just blurry and
the bokeh is like beautiful I love
photos like that the subject is there
it's crisp it's sharp we've been taking
photos with a 50 millimeter lens poof I
feel like since we have been married
Jenna and I in my mind it may be my
favorite lens ever because I feel like
you can get the best portrait photos out
of it so if you're looking to take
photos of your family of your kids of
your parents siblings your spouse your
dog
maybe things around the house just
objects this lens just blows everything
out of the water and it's such a good
price too and it's included in this kit
that I'm gonna link in the description
below we now go to Jenica for a
photography tip professional it might be
something good okay let's do did now
here she is sama and almost every camera
and in every DSLR that I know of there
is a little meter if you look through
the viewfinder that you will see at the
bottom of the frame in the viewfinder
scroll the shutter or if you have it set
to the aperture if you just scroll the
little dial on the top of the camera you
can see little little pointer move up
and down and that is controlling the
exposure so like you can scroll it down
and up and it'll either brighten the
image or darken the image and so it's
kind of nice and there's like a center
that like is usually what they consider
like the best exposure but you can drop
it down to make it like brighter or bump
it up to make it darker and I always
found that very helpful that you can
just kind of scroll and see where the
dial is without having to like look at
the back of the camera and like type in
things
and that's my tip with gennaker these
little sliders you know what the
brightness and lighting will be for your
set yes thank you it's very helpful it's
very helpful like I said before the 10
to 18 millimeter lens is just the
perfect complement to the 50 millimeter
for me it's the perfect lens to get
video with I can zoom out go to 10
millimeters and get that really
wide-angle shot that you guys have seen
in some of our vlogs lately you could
even take a photo of building
skyscrapers now I'm not in a big city so
I couldn't go and take a photo of a
beautiful building in New York or
Chicago but I took this feather of my
house and I was able to fit my whole
house in the photo because of that wide
angle zoomed out lens here's another
picture I took of me looking at the car
with it kind of like a cool wide-angle
shot I'm here some photos of Jenica and
PJ and also the kid itself I kind of did
a zoomed in at 18 millimeters and then
one at 10 millimeters you can see the
difference in how at 10 it's really wide
18 it's a little bit more you know
focused in and to have both of those
options on a lens it's really the
perfect camera lens to travel with
because you can get that wide angle shot
of the beautiful scenery or you can get
a close-up shot of a person or something
that you want to take a picture of so to
summarize things the 50 millimeter lens
perfect for portraits this is the only
lens you really need to take photos of
people and they will come out absolutely
beautiful you can get that depth of
field that you want or you can make
everything in focus and open up the
f-stop to a bigger number that's a key
to photography so if you want it really
like dialed in on just one subject and
everything else blurry you're gonna want
to lower f-stop that you'll see in your
camera if you want everything in focus
then you'll boost the f-stop but if
you're looking to take a picture in
low-light though you're gonna want a low
f-stop and that's why also why this
camera up lens is so nice and then on
the other end the 10 to 18 millimeter
doesn't have as a low of an f-stop but
it's still pretty good it's at 4.5 to
5.6 so maybe it's not the best lens for
super low light but you can still get
amazing shots with this and a good depth
of field as well 4.5 or 5
six the thing though that this lens has
that I love especially for video or if
you just have a kind of a shaky him
taking a picture as it has image
stabilization as an image stabilizer so
if you're moving around taking video or
taking a picture and you're not that
City it will still get you a really good
shot because it's gonna keep it steady
with that technology of the image
stabilization and that's super key
especially a video both of these lenses
are light and compact so you could carry
them around in your backpack purse if
you had a huge cargo pockets I think you
do that do but like I said this is more
of kind of like a scenery scene outside
nature kind of thing and this is more of
a portrait lens they both do both things
terrifically well but specialize in
those things especially okay so you have
my recommendation on two ones that I
love you can get those in a kit I'll put
a link in the description I highly
recommend this kit I absolutely love it
and that's what I've been using every
single day over the past month it's been
perfect I really don't need anything
else and at the price it is amazingly
affordable in fact the thing that makes
me laugh is of these two lenses and like
the camera it's like cheaper than buying
the new latest cell phone that comes out
and you're gonna get way better pictures
- and here again another tip with V Jena
Korea photography Inc incorporated okay
production assistant photographer with a
bachelor's degree in art and photography
yeah you're she's okay wait my gosh if
you or no thing that your images are
blurry you need a faster shutter speed
and there you have it genic ray tips
okay so I'm filming with the Rebel t6i
which I absolutely love especially with
the image stabilization in the video
that's built in this is another camera
that we have I put the 15 millimeter
lens on it as you can see it's very
small like it's awesome and can you guys
see the difference it's like insane like
makes the camera so much heavier this is
just much more bulkier great lens
absolutely love this lens but this can
get it done your back
can I take a picture of you all right so
there's my quick lens recommendations
now I just want to give you guys a quick
pointer so that you don't feel like wow
do we are we really using the same
camera so here's my pointer on how to
get that photo that might look more like
ours I think a lot of it could also come
into play into editing and that's gonna
be my next video how to edit your photos
to really get that look you want but in
order to get that look you have to take
the initial photo here's my quick
example and tip and I think this will
help a lot of you guys I'm gonna take a
picture right now with the f-stop at 1.8
so it's gonna have a really shallow
depth of field
everything the background is gonna be
blurry but I'm gonna have the camera and
focus what I'm filming and you guys will
see what I'm talking about I'm gonna
take this picture right yeah that's what
it looks like as you can see that
cameras really in focus and the door
behind it is a little lesson focused you
can still kind of tell it's a door but
it's like could just be a wall I don't
know so when you're taking a picture of
a person and you really want the picture
to focus on that person like I said
you're gonna want that f-stop to be at a
lower number 1.8 that's amazing 2.8 it's
still pretty awesome for you still got
that shallow depth of field if you're
gonna take a group photo though you
might want to have a higher f-stop and
boost that number up because then you're
gonna get more people and focus if
they're like scattered at different
levels of how close they are to you so
just to show how this works I'm going to
actually improve the f-stop up I'm gonna
boost it up to nine that's pretty high
and put my shutter speed okay so I just
took another picture and this time if
you compare the two photos I'm just
looking it on here you can see the
difference okay one's a little brighter
the other one though you can see that
the door behind it is also in focus so
if you want to take a picture of a
person and maybe something behind it and
be able to see it let's say you're
standing by the Eiffel Tower you want to
see both things you're going to want
that f-stop to be higher and then
everything's in focus and not just the
subject most of our photos are with a
lower f-stop it is with just the subject
in focus
I really like that look but you were
you're gonna want to be able to get both
and that's really why this kit and these
lines is a great thing to have to an
experienced photographer this may seem
super obvious and you're like of course
I didn't learn anything you don't even
know what you're talking about
but too many people that are starting
off with photography they don't
understand how to get those different
pictures and how to get the two
different looks so experiment with your
f-stop take a bunch of photos with it at
a very low number take some with a high
number and hopefully you start getting
what you like in the next video that we
do I'm gonna sit down with Jen we're
gonna be on the computer and on our
phone and show you how we edit our
photos I hope you guys learned something
about these two lenses and go check them
out click on the link in the description
I a hundred percent recommend these
lenses I love them they're worth every
single penny you will get amazing photos
if you have any questions post in the
comments tweet me I'll be looking for
them and responding back hope you guys
have some in this video we'll see you
tomorrow go watch the vlog peace
