oh my gosh you guys I think you're gonna
start crawling soon I do
good morning sweet world I'm here with
my cute little daughter Penelope hello
how are you doing this morning are you
doing good
did you sleep well yes we both have
similar hairstyles this morning as usual
jenna is currently working out at the
gym she does those little classes as you
guys know like Zumba aerobics various
things like that and we're just children
this morning I fixed it
see no what do you been up to
you're playing outside on the doorstep
the Millennium Falcon I think it's safe
to say we are nice yep I think it's safe
to say we're in our final week of warmer
weather right sis hey baby
do you like the camera you just like
touching everything huh you usually
playing with all your toys one of my
favorite things to do like at night or
just like when I'm sitting down
sometimes is go back and look at old
photos and videos on Instagram yesterday
I did that with Noah he was loving it he
loves looking at pictures of baby Noah
and I was looking at it and PJ is
getting close to the same age she's
about a month away from when Noah
started crawling
oh yes go get it go get it
good oh my gosh oh my gosh he's crying
he's calling oh my gosh you guys he just
crawled oh my gosh here bubby come good
over here come over here get it come get
it go get it
c'mon
oh my gosh you guys
mother and crawling on one day I told
that to Jan and Jan was freaking
actually we can't have two people move
it we can't have two babies moving I
think you're gonna start crawling soon I
do what you really try to move when
you're on your belly now huh you gotta
did some scooting yesterday she
definitely has the determination she
loves moving I think she might call the
same time as Noah which then means a
couple more months and she's walking
it's crazy
where's the time god it seems like you
were just born PJ you just you're going
up too fast you can't have too fast I'll
let this go I also think we might be
going over to one of our friends houses
in the ward today I talked to them on
Sunday and they said they were gonna
launch off some of these water like air
compressed Rockets so we'll see if you
know who likes that I think I like it
yeah this baseball oh my gosh my body
you're so cute buddy we are gonna miss
the park right now with Stacy guys it's
bad it's really bad so I need to uh we
really need to go first it's happening
like it more meiosis actually did good
kind of half of last week we did pretty
good and this can mostly be last night
because it now yesterday so let's just
see how it goes I had told me could wear
this but this uh football shirt so he
said he would come with me
who's your muscles my soul you see
yourself that baby I love you show me
how you climb on those swing from um
good job can you swing across them can
you grab all of them Oh like hanging
from him so he goes he's actually been
pretty good today at the park it's been
very nice and refreshing if he has maybe
knock someone over he said so our really
quick and gives them a kiss
hi I'm we had to park right the park I
love you she's been very quiet at the
park just watching everyone play yeah
who do you know in there it always makes
me nervous when he decides to play in
the sand but it's doing well so far
Hey what do you have there
pops with me why never popsicle I do
boom I have one too you know why you
gotta pop school yeah why say I was a
good boy at the park say I made new
friends and I got old shoot my bad mom
made the doorbell this was probably the
best Park experience he's ever had
one of the best he he we want to Sam and
Stacy's I got my friend Stacy and her
little boys nose was just very dominant
we she doesn't get along with Sam super
great but they were like BFFs today
no it was a good boy today because we're
disciplining him no that's not right I
think part of it is just like anywhere
we go somewhere I'm always like okay be
nice don't hit you don't don't do these
things but instead I'm not gonna say
that anymore
it's really hot today
and instead I'm just not gonna say those
things and just hope he doesn't do those
things and then when we get home I'm
gonna like say what he did do well like
good job not doing this thing good job
being nice and being a friend because he
was really good so we had two incidences
where he kind of pushed a friend down
but he's at Saul right away and his
friends like the same was like he gave
me a kiss and stop crying right away it
was really good at apologizing no but
it's the last couple times I haven't
done that it's been helpful we haven't
had as many incidences as we normally do
so I'm gonna keep doing that and
hopefully it'll keep helping him be more
positive positive affirmation instead of
negative first how it works because
telling him not to do stuff makes him
want to do the stuff it was good he had
a lot of fun today he made new friends
or just oh my gosh such a cute little
girl she was probably six or seven and
she was just like hanging out playing
with Noah being like the nicest little
girl in the world
and then I'm like thank you so much for
being so nice and playing with him and
just like I just really like to do that
she's like there was this little girl at
my school who didn't have any friends
and I want I just was I was her friend
because I like to I like to do that
stuff I was like ask you child I'm so
glad you're in the generation with my
child and that there are good little
people so now we're gonna head with Sam
the gang men are actually shooting off
bottle rockets I think I'm not really
sure so in a rockets I don't know how
it's working so we're gonna do that and
then same thing drop us back up off at
home and then he's gonna go to mutual
although I'm adjusting the brightness
alright today I'm with my good friend
Dave it's too bright and we were
launching off bottle rockets well what
would you call this water water rockets
2-liter water rockets
Jenna's about to launch them enough this
is what terrifies Noah he will not sleep
right the same again just pull it just
pull it oh gosh oh you pulled the handle
ugh
you don't like the Rockettes why not is
it too loud what who do you want right
now
mommy do you just keep crying I don't
want to make you sad sorry go back to
scary rocket bomb you like it from in
here huh it's nice and safe from here
yeah you just watch it from here
all right give me explanation now you
got to remember I put this together in
like 10 minutes so it may not work at
all in fact there may be a great failure
of this so as you can see we're hoping
for some kind of two bottles connected
with wings you hook it up to this
homemade contraption of PVC pipe air
pressure water let's tune in to see what
happens
this one's gonna go high there it should
ok ready Oh what do I need to walk back
up even more okay I'm ready all right do
you want to put water in anchors this
and you put it past this point
fill it with air for like 10 seconds and
then less than 10
might go boom hey just like this
how do you feel right now Sam this is
for Elon Musk do you know who that is
huh SpaceX landed up in the tree and did
not come down I'm not to make one of
those they're awesome
yeah all right you can't really tell but
it is successful watch
see how those zip ties are this is some
serious engineering you guys aren't
seeing YouTube video on how to make one
of these might just have to do it cuz
it's pretty amazing
