we are doing a little room switcheroo
happy first day of the new year what
it's duck she's talking so much you guys
great you guys go back don't dump it all
out please happy first day of the new
year these little children babies are
currently playing they're trying to play
so well together they've become a little
best friends of course they still fight
all the time but they love each other
anyway we were doing a little room
switcheroo
I was playing I'm just cleaning and go
grocery shopping and do all of that jazz
but I think I might be moving PJ's bed
into Noah's room his room is bigger so
we move on their wishes it guys I
know some people probably like don't
know it it's great it's a bad yep i've
had a lot of friends who said it worked
amazing for my kids so you know you can
we'll just try it out see how it goes
hopefully it works out well because
moving cribs is like the worst thing on
the planet why does it make them bigger
than door frames unless all these store
frames are just tiny like wire door
frames so small like that could have
come out another inch you know there's
nothing here it could've come out a
little bit further anyway that's my only
thing is that moving cribs whenever
we've moved cribs it's like an ordeal
also can you guys even like tell how dry
my skin feels like it's awful
anyway let's see how this goes we'll
just touch it out we have a few months
we wanted to do it before the baby came
we've got five months until the baby
comes
this isn't that crazy five months so I
was like okay let's do it before Sam
thought that was like let's do it before
because when the baby comes that's way
to make changes still gonna hang up
probably do like this side we'll be like
PJ side I'll have her dresser in here
we'll probably just leave the queen bed
up here for now because we've got five
months until the baby comes and it's got
visitors we could even have them sleep
here if they want to and sit downstairs
I don't know see also really fun
exciting that I have
sure yet my friend Kaitlyn and her
husband Brandon who we went to
Disneyland with latinus past was it fall
was I gonna do that okay yes in the fall
they're coming to visit next week on the
11th they're gonna be here so they're
saying for about four days I want to say
let's say for a few days so we just had
so many visitors it's been so fun it's
been so crazy and it's just like oh my
gosh but I love it I love that we've
gotten to see so many friends let's see
if I got the right size allen wrench
it's always hard fighting I'm gonna take
the back off because it's the biggest
part and for all of you for like time
don't do too much to pregnant I know I'm
not doing too much if it's too heavy or
something is wrong Sam's gonna come up
and help me and he is probably gonna be
mad that I'm even doing this about him
hi Happy New Year what is it Kat wait
let is it cowboy
yeah yeah it's cowboy hey
yeah it's cowboy huh so you know it felt
like a boy why are you so cute are you
so cute her facial expressions you guys
I cannot handle her facial expressions
this girl is one animated you know she
might be the artist in the fan artist
whether it's in theater club or if he's
in drama club or art club or something I
feel like she's gonna be my little
dramatic
artsy girl I don't know we'll see maybe
he'll be sporty I don't know you can do
whatever you want to do let me did you
find a new toothbrush Nugent on I've
autumn these toothbrushes for Christmas
and so far it's just been a toy brushed
your teeth with it
good job oh that's just an on/off button
cool go put it back when you're done
okay
little bit of brushing their teeth
I start my kids very young on brushing
teeth and I make it like a thing like
when they have when they have like two
teeth I'm still kind of like am i brush
them once in a while but when they have
a full mouth of teeth we brush every
night I should be brushing in the
mornings as well especially with Noah
now but maybe dig deck slate tail huh
was a nightmare you want to think just
looking at this nice little crib that it
would be a nightmare to get through a
freaking door remember the PJs door was
easier than this door I'm like is this
door just way smaller than even PJ's
door hasn't opened or off you know if we
have a girl if we're having a girl I
might just leave those decorations in
there get PJ some new ones for this wall
I don't know I probably get one off from
above her bed of Noah and Sam probably
put one of PJs there cuz we've got this
one of no over here alright did it let's
see how tonight goes what's just look
are you excited to share your room with
sis yeah you're gonna sleep with her
tonight huh are you guys playing so nice
together
good job buddy oh really
for now this is all staying here this
might move out depending okay dad
monumental night PJ in the left corner
no yeah there's there's way more space
without the big bed in here that's for
sure it definitely feels like a lot more
space yeah so let's see what to put some
of your decorations in here yeah that's
what I was saying earlier this is how I
was as a kid yeah me too Coco me and my
sister sharing room for a very long time
I guess we'll have a good a dedicated
guest room until the beans here
okay we're gonna do PJs lights to make
her comfortable cuz she's really gotten
used to those lights huh and Noah really
likes the starlight from his cousin for
Christmas so we'll see how it goes
say a little preference some fingers
crossed
yes no it's really excited the next
Melanie
good morning it's been a few days who
kind of took a little break kids are
doing play-doh oh I wanted to see your
creation where's your where's your the
play-doh creation okay tell me how you
doing you're doing good Oh PJ is talking
so much more you guys it's crazy
PJ you're saying a lot of new words
aren't you yeah you saying new words ah
that we're talking with from your mouth
what's new with you nothing nothing
Oh update on their living situation
they're rooming situation first night
awesome they both fell asleep by like
8:30 it was amazing I was like my gosh
yes it's gonna go amazingly second night
awful they did not want to go to sleep
they're jumping around it was just like
a nightmare I had a tap out and be like
Sam you tapping what usually for not
being good for one parent then like it's
the other parents which is in they
usually fall asleep pretty fast after
that because this happens like both ways
like seems like they're being crazy your
turn
so yeah the second bank not so great
same one in there and then they finally
fell asleep
and then last night I'm not sure I had a
meeting a church meeting so I didn't do
my time but I think it was semi it was
like in the middle wasn't good wasn't
bad just then am i dying just like
killing us in here he just made Oh
episode of worst cooks in America
I made my Gordon Ramsay tweetable rice
from jr. jizz that just looked gross
and I made a stake and I put some like
spicy seasoning on it really too much I
don't think having any amount would be
too much it's just like in the pan used
even to it cuz you're coughin too much
she's good I think well one of our pans
I actually know accidentally I put in
the dishwasher thinking and be fine
ruin the pan so stuff just sticks to it
and so it was just like smoking he's
pepper gas in us we've got all the doors
open the kids are like escaping to the
backyard because it's so smoky in here
we're all gonna smell like steak smoke
okay that's okay mm-hmm thank you no
we'll help you put it back it's such a
nice day out here today it's like 70
something and sunny and warm and
beautiful we had a park day this morning
with all this fun people from our church
which was well what was the table which
was awesome too the kids had lots of
good playtime today
I think our sinuses are clear that was
something I will never do again that
meat was gonna go bad soon so think I'll
just cook it up for lunch just have a
little bit did not expect that happened
though I literally tear-gassed
the house pepper all over the place I
think that's when you add after cooking
it hey where do we come have you been so
excited to come here wow how excited
yeah you've been begging to come for
weeks huh last time I came here yeah
we've been here before but not for a
long time we gotta wipe your face off -
before you start jumping are you excited
to jump
yeah my kids didn't even come with shoes
on she just climbed all this by herself
you come back down now you gonna go down
the slide down the slide somebody whoa
keep going and keep going that was
awesome
you okay anyway when we got in the car
to come home no was like mom I'm just
gonna take a little catnap except freak
has a cap nap catnap
I was like what are you doing that
phrase Oh Marsh but of course he fell
asleep 5:38 freaking night he met such a
nice friend
no I wake up wake up open your eyes
you're awake
are you digging you cut your cap nap
now the tram is considered a ride - no
yeah
