good morning sweet world we're the day
family from Fort Sill Oklahoma and
you're watching samokov vlogs peace
good morning hi we oh it's a little
bright drove down to Layton we've gotta
get some stuff from savers but we try to
stop by for a little Chipotle lunch
everyone's pretty excited for some
Chipotle warm down here I got gonna
knock it off anyway it's be a fun day
down here where I can see too long we're
just gonna get the stuff we need and
then head back home oh of course you're
awake
of course your brother woke you up of
course your brother woke you up huh yeah
I love you yummy good
even if it's fully formed besides our
baby
three minutes service
I got a ball aren't you still you geez
just chillin I
there's gonna be a couple careful
careful
that's what Chipotle does to you
gives you the energy to dance
this is like what brother
he's been doing this like ten minutes
Oh up temper break
is no funny
it's funny huh really watch again
all right so we're actually doing an
Instagram savers right later today we're
getting a little costume for Jen because
she's gonna do a fun little Instagram
post about how you can make one here
know us show me what's here I like the
do you think those are funny and gross
instead of like really scared of them
probably not the best parents alidium
even see that but at least you thinks
they're funny you that's probably a way
of coping with the fear of them hey PJ
Hey oh okay that's your first time on
the carrier word ends back like a
backpack that so she's facing forward
you want to be that guy for Halloween
well that's that let me see
dude you ready for Thanksgiving yeah
that is so cool so funny do you like
that hat what are you you're an airplane
that's the costume you wanted to pick
out for today
since we made the trip out here let me
see he picked it out no if you picked it
out yeah let's see can you fly like an
airplane
okay run really fast run really fast no
come back
sweet you're gonna wear that home okay
they let you put it on before we even
bought it so we're gonna get mom stuff
would you get funky shirt nice and a wig
feelin good looks good
weirder yes the nice okay let's go buddy
okay so we didn't have audio for this
portion for some reason I guess we're
shooting with a DSLR sometimes things
get crazy it was actually really good
audio but Jenna and I are gonna do the
commentary for the following Clips
chancing to do my voice I will do her
voice in this moment well hold on one
second oh oh wait can you oh no what no
what are you doing I'm still talking
babe come here come okay no his face
he's painting it with lots of pretty
colors Noah do you like painting your
face hmm back at work what basically
happened is I went to check the mail and
Jen was feeding Penelope and I come back
in and he has opened up this face paint
set and he's painting his face with the
face paint set he's really into it
topping what I do he's seen me do my
makeup
he knows that you put some on your eyes
and your cheeks so I mean that is kind
of a dangerous place to put the stuff
yes it's probably pretty safe because it
is made for your face and that's all
that and the airplane is all he wanted
to get at the store he's just like I
want to get this face paint so bad he is
doing a really good job alternating
colors they're very proud of himself
incredibly proud you know mirror makeup
challenge Noah style hey mom here mom
you put some on
Oh Noah I can't believe you're doing
this he's doing it like me cuz I put
makeup on let me put some green on your
face the colors are so pretty here Jen's
getting a little like come on you're
doing a little too hard oh but mom this
is what I do I am a face painter you
must understand this is what we do in
our family yeah you wanted to do it it's
like I'm not doing that like I'm not
doing it either that stuff smells like
Halloween yep okay next oh I will master
my craft
it's really good job let me help you let
me help you know uh okay I'll help you
paint your face someone tweeted let's
get some purple oh yeah this is me just
make you a unibrow no I'm not talking
here this is just me doing dead stuff is
when you have a kid a kid like he's like
he's got night he's gonna get me all set
back got me but no I'm actually just
giving him a unibrow
we should cat whiskers or something oh
good thanks dad I know I could trust you
what do you do you should give him a
mustache I have always wanted a mustache
yep I love mustaches don't mind me
mustache
oh and so this is this is the part where
he he like wanted to find the packaging
for it because he wanted to show us
which one he was trying to do so I asked
him I said Noah which of these faces is
the one that you were trying to do
because that's what he was basing it off
of and now he's looking at himself in
the camera good job here let me let me
help you I'm an expert
yep are you doing Tim putting yellow in
his nose oh wow very impressive very
nice and then this is when I was like
okay which one which one was it
which one need you trying to do guys
that one that's who I want to be that
clown they're like oh you did such a
good job buddy you look just like I do I
don't look like a kid that would live in
the woods for years without any parents
or help I look like this little clown
right here and Hughes did not want to
stop he's like a hundred layer makeup
face challenge this is what he did hi
guys this is what I do when you guys
aren't watching in the cameras off yeah
I love these things very comfortable I
sleep in it oh my god
oh did you smell like Halloween who is
that guy did you do that yeah go dang
you're a good little Halloween elf clown
guy scary you kind of look like a woods
seriously you're scaring me buddy yeah
you get off before you on living room
you're skiing he's so proud of himself
good job you're really good at painting
your face you do a good job are you
proud of it
mommy's turn look you're in the easy
showcase easy 2016 you don't have a
mom's hair on let's see here's a sneak
peek of Jed's costume let's just nip us
on Instagram next week I've never found
you so attractive
understanding their oh yeah a good
picture that for another walk we've got
a so Kofi is nice warm nights before
they're gone like next week they're
gonna be gone
I just really stir kind of matching
today special diana is the question
she's asked the past few blogs lately
PJ's been wearing an Amber TV necklace
uh-huh
and Noah wore one last time I think I am
a full amber one recession is do you
think it's working
to me like there definitely has been
she's less sure she is but like I don't
know there worker real or what obviously
you think been hurt yeah she's no well
Noah's wasn't all Amber Rose for his
skin and that his skin is just his skin
yeah I got one for his skin this is
different it had wood on a can there
early to thousands and 90s gonna happen
whatever no yeah he went to Hawaii
yeah alright he had yes I do kind of
wish I would have gotten like these are
beads are polished which means are like
soft or not soft they're shiny I wanted
to get an unpolished one because those
ones work a little better they say but
it's not working I'm still doing
teething tablets as well but yeah I
think it works it's helped it's helped
cut down some of the irritability at
least oh yeah I've been trying to teach
know about these what are these cool
just Helicon are seeds and I've never
called them these are like not that good
because they're too fresh they're like
older they are but later they get and
then where they spin no I'm
I've never colonies no I have never
calls melted no I've never I've never
done that with those really I never have
are you serious oh it's already catching
camera you guys know what those are like
I'm watching the presidential debates
well and you ain't no friend of mine
except I love you y'all a friend hey can
you do some tap dancing on the counter
just we'll do a book late so she's gonna
have a little fall box really faux hawk
today tonight come on oh yeah you can be
crazy to my room sure it's gonna be
narrow
I could be your brown bear
