why hello there miss Penelope happy
Sunday
are you here today JJ church team throw
your nets you enjoyed that suck you
finally look so much alike the use of a
where are my store check phones it's
pretty funny because people just are I
don't I guess it's not like bolt but
they straight up say she doesn't look
like you guys
she doesn't look like you Jen like in in
public the Reich is that your kid fur it
up like yeah I had one here knows no no
I still got blue eyes whatever people
are saying you guys look like in a photo
the other day we get in your gut when
she smile
she's French is her nose the same way I
do I saw you give birth to her so she's
definitely yours Oh baby
family awake what's been going on in
there I just came in ten minutes ago and
turn off this how much you enjoyed was
light and he's still passed out I'm so
tired from last night tired it's a good
rest as you saw we came home at half
time last night and put this kid to bed
with us still like two hours past his
bedtime and today he's been very tired
and cuddly which hasn't been too bad
actually I'm just so tired it's really
sad right when we're leaving for church
mmm boy oh boy
this is gonna be interesting yeah still
eating the sack this is the best stuff
right here
cuddles everything there everything is
alright in the world when he calls me
like this
hi my bears are terrible I wear this
jersey out of support even though this
season we are terrible and I realize
we're terrible I know we feel like we're
gonna win any games but I still support
them we were recently watching Danny
Duncan's vlogs he's a new girlfriend we
enjoy
their conversations and their vlogs and
one of the vlogs
they were getting to know each other I
guess you know each other yeah and so I
was thinking that we would end today's
vlog since Sunday's are kind of slow
usually we're at church and there's not
a ton going on although we did go to a
birthday party tonight we've got our
little a little present carrier he's
carrying Terra's present for her okay
come on across the street hurry keep it
closed look how cute you are
who's that for Tara
Oh bright you do think there's TV
compile it now
easy bye to the baby come from over here
that's I can give her a kiss oh that's
so nice nice I thought we would end the
vlog a little how much do we know about
each other so I came up with three
questions and I still don't really know
what my questions are am i never working
on them and Jen came up with three we're
gonna answer them about each other yeah
okay you do the first question okay and
the thing is like shall we've been
married almost six years and I feel like
the answers could change even from when
I first yeah
all right so like I'm interested you
know they change from time to time okay
no you go first yes okay I'll deal first
okay this is a question because I just
actually want to know the answer for you
it's really random I mean just simple
what is your because I was think about
this the other day I was like do you
know the rules of baseball Jen do you
know like I always you know see like if
I've done a good job of making sure she
knows like all the rules and things okay
what is your favorite sport to watch
with me on TV so this is what you're
gonna get what is your sorry cuz that's
a direct question to you what's your
favorite sport to watch on TV okay so
I'm asking about you and you have to
answered about me in that sense about
you that you like the most all of them
sure this moment sure no like this
moment yeah okay okay was rendered by
Shaytan faithful yep my Cubby's well I'm
not enjoying watching football right are
you King
from every idea I'm enjoying it okay so
I'm gonna answered about you I'm using
right see I wanna know though cuz I was
like do you enjoy watching somebody's
games with me do you enjoy going to some
of these games okay
I know you do then I want to know what
your favorite is to watch okay so I'm
gonna guess goodness it's really hard
sometimes you get really into it other
times you don't I would say it like this
probably isn't the answer but I feel
like we've had the most fun watching
hockey yeah feel it yeah we have
internal Jackie no it superior might
probably talk to your baseball oh you
have to say 100 Cal say hockey you just
changed your answer
yeah that was thinking yeah in my head I
was thinking hockey but I was actually
gonna make the answer live sports I like
I'll watch I like watching sports live
like being there watching the sport
rather than hopeful I'm distracted okay
thanks there's a solution Cubs in the
playoffs this year yes well you know
watch the game with me yes okay now yes
I'll be yes yes yes okay um what is your
favorite dessert my favorite dessert and
my heart is yours strawberry shortcake
that's right ah not a big dessert guy
but I'm gonna say chocolate milkshake
yeah I mean I said you chocolate ice
cream okay lately I need any chocolate
cheeks when on the rare occasion we go
to get it so yeah it's a good answer
okay good job okay here's the mind
question for you right now that we have
two kids how many kids do you want to
have oh boy
like at this moment it's change like
okay so Mike is your buddy yeah say for
you four
yeah well four or five but I'm gonna say
four yeah
I think this rear communicating mutual
yeah okay okay just see if it still
thing okay I wanted to do this question
cuz I know the answer to it for you but
I don't know what the answer would be
for me well let's see well you have to
have an answer okay ask Lisa the right
part Lee's favorite body part yeah like
in general just he's like feet yeah I
just I think feet are gross yeah that's
fine
the only spirit body part like also Jay
my favorite body part of you fear me of
yours yeah yeah uh your smile wait we're
not doing this right cuz you're supposed
to guess what I would say oh right you
wouldn't but would I say about you okay
you'd say that
what you like about me yeah you like my
bum bum I'm sure but I'm really I like
his calves a lot Oh calves ankles
no I don't know he was just a magical
guy there you go
I really do like your smile huh now they
think about it I love your dimples
um we're really doing a bad job it like
this favorite meal pyramid so I'm
answering what your favorite meal is
attachment - meaning mashed potatoes
mashed potatoes with steak
yeah for you once I open this indecisive
I know but what that crap
real meal like specific yeah no just
like this general thing that I could
always eat cereal good pizza I don't
even say pita house is a feature that
we've owned yeah that's what I was
thinking always eat pizza but like
margarita pizza yeah that's what I was
usually gonna say yeah but when you kept
saying like you kept saying I could
always eat I don't think your picture
here of someone like always eating pizza
no but I could I thought of what you
always take it away do you eat cereal
well I was gonna say pizzeria Limon
that's what I was gonna say so I feel
like thank you Bowser question which is
your favorite child
I'm just kidding I'm trying to ask
questions I guess that I don't know the
answer to because I feel like I know the
answers to everything about you Thanks
Thanksgiving is coming up two months
Thanksgiving table has three extra spots
for people to sit at with us you can
have anyone sit there at Thanksgiving
dinner my mom always has a list of
people she wants there every year who
would it be
so three people that I would want to be
there at the team eight and three that
you want to okay I'm gonna pause this so
we can think about it all right I have
three okay anything how they grew to get
them red for each other you might get a
couple of mine I'll get three people
okay you guess who I have Joe man I was
thinking about Joe Maddon but now Jake
Arrieta no really yeah have you noticed
thing about that Rizzo Chris right yes I
was thinking is really toss up one
appointment will put them together
Brazeau riza they take up one seat
they're gonna stare is it cuz I was like
ah which one would you invite okay so I
would say you got one okay
Breslow you've already said three UK
three Jimmy Butler gesina
gotta have a present Bulls player and Oh
who is the third one oh yeah I remember
Jeff Probst father Jeff Probst in the
brezza okay for you
you got three yeah
okay I would say you have three I do I'm
what okay I would say eleven from
stranger things
uh no you god no it's either yes or no
no okay
Simone biles that's yes yeah that's
that's uh yeah
and Ellen yes Jenson here she's like I
just can't think of three people
no I can't think of three I mean I could
think of a million well thank you for
choosing them for me yes I would choose
Simone Ali Ellen Oh who's the other one
I guess try new things I would be
getting over eleven Wow you think he's
alright well there you have it maybe
we'll do more of these little
get-to-know-you games as we go on
they're good for us we should do like
maybe like a ten-minute live hangout for
the like tip just post on another video
we mentioned that a while ago do you
want to hit that yeah John's gonna have
that laughing yet yeah okay
general schedule on Twitter uh tomorrow
we're gonna go work on a Halloween
costume for Jen we're going to Salt Lake
area which will be fun we might even not
leave is pizza really no nevermind we'll
have a fun lunch also I did a voiceover
for Jenna in the vlog two days ago and I
was thinking it'd be funny that if we
made that a weekly thing whether it's me
doing on for her her doing one for me or
even if possible Noah doing one for
Penelope or exactly like we'll find a
way
maybe we'll do like two a week so
there's something else I wanted to talk
about my camera and Breanna anyways hope
you enjoyed today's bug we'll see you
guys tomorrow like I'm not talk oh we're
gonna do a segment to like Danny where
you try and guess what the words are in
English from Spanish
sorry
goodnight okay
