hey I'm Chiara from Vienna Austria and
you're watching second box alright Sam
to jump me off the last time and this
long hang until next year or two years
and pigs about two years to go all the
way up
so you don't you get a taste I'm like oh
one day I have a good day great day yeah
so they're gonna dump me off so that
same time cuz he didn't have both kids
wish him luck
we know it's kind of a little bit today
yeah he's a wild guy today hopefully I'm
gonna go have a little fun lunch date
him the kiddos no place to see it
behaves herself and hopefully my haircut
goes well I'm sorry
hi hey what are you wearing basketball
hat I started saying basketball today no
I remember you say Mike Jordan
not close realize he has a basketball
pacifier and I was like what did you say
he said basketball
whoa dude and he also is remembering
that like the color brown because he is
making the clear observation that Mommy
and Noah have brown eyes and brown hair
although he says black and then I
correct him they said Brown oh oh blue
but really it's blonde right blonde or
white what colors nose hair
mooom brown clothes well hey give a good
nap yeah you just wake up I'm an hour
into being alone with the kids so far so
good
tommy's and tummies have been fed and
we're at the park playing now alright
well to get much footage at the park I
finally just got Noah down to her neck
this is not my first time alone with
both children but now that Penelope's a
little bit more wiggly it's a little bit
harder hi so she's not wearing any
clothes right now except for diaper
because I just fed her two packs of food
and then there was almost everywhere she
had like the cutest outfit on today ABS
out for a brief second chance' me it was
my fault though I wasn't her fault
either you know sometimes you just have
volatile coop your baby may be an adult
too I don't know
I need to get her in another outfit
Jen's been gone for almost three hours
getting her hair cut colored and styled
so I'm pretty excited to see what it
looks like because it's been it's been a
long time
I remember when Haley got her hair cut
though and it's the same girl that did
Haley's she did a phenomenal job
but I remember Haley was there for like
6 hours I felt like it was probably the
same time that Jen's gonna be there so I
expected along
cut in color but it's always done really
well so I'm excited to see what it looks
like oh shut up to moms though
and there's much you moms out there that
have like two kids three kids for kids
one kid five six kids maybe seven kids I
don't even know being alone with the
kids it's exhausting we're used to
having each other around that's actually
been kind of fun I feel like you can
know if you're having a good time here
now I just need to pick out a new outfit
for her to wear unveiling in five four
three two one
your get so close but I forget that it's
wide angle I feel like it's zoomed in on
my face Oh sir we're not right this is
better yeah I am still zoomed in on your
face oh thank you I love it
else we tensed so I got it's like really
so I got color but it's like really
smell you'll be able to see it more like
when my hair is up and come over for a
second yeah blonde throughout that's
like it's it's very natural
then she chucked it off it's how many
inches did you chopped up ooh I probably
say like 8 or 9 because initially she
chopped it it was like 5 inches how they
ate it just one more you loved it but I
like it looks really good it's pretty
healthy and they yeah your face looks
really cute oh thanks man I know in
America today I told her I came in
Jersey like so nice like that's the
first time I wore makeup I just decided
wear makeup cousin doing a new haircut
I'm starving I was like three hours of
it and I'll have Monica at the parlor
Hey good place to go we're in the valley
well Oh
there you have it just looking pretty
cute if I do say so myself
she always executes through so anyway I
love it
I got PJ to take another nap too just
now while we were waiting for a moment
so look at that got both my kids asleep
Jesse ain't even got some food though
cuz it's about three o'clock now and she
hasn't eaten since this morning I don't
think she realized it would take as long
as it did but looks really good and yeah
what do you think
and then Jenica forgot to turn the audio
on for this clip the microphone on top
of the camera so I'm gonna do the audio
for this clip well guys as you can see
here I just love my hair it's really
nice it's not like too much the color
it's kind of subtle and nice and fits my
natural hair color I think I don't know
if you guys can actually see how there's
different highlights in it but I really
like how it turned out what do you think
looks good oh my gosh I love it yeah
raise the roof
so uh yeah I like it short I did this
last time when I had Noah the babies get
to an age where they just start crapping
at your hair and I'm just like I need it
short it feels so good look at this I
just can't stop touching it oh my
goodness do you see that again you see
that I love it
yep so good well let me see let me just
get some better light here I don't know
it just empowers me as a person to have
a nice haircut it's like Sam when he
gets a new pair of shoes he just feels
great he's walking around he's saying
hey look at me look at me feeling good
feeling great
okay yep do you see that I keep twirling
my hair oh my goodness I love it I love
it you guys like it yes no um you know
what do you think it doesn't matter I
like it anyways hey what do you think of
my hair I don't know why I'm like
looking at it it looks great I'm gonna
go jump down with some friends and get
some energy out of these children and
it's supposed to storm it's like dark
clouds coming in looking a little bleak
yeah I don't think we're gonna get out
well we makeover for the
are they still camping out no I don't be
with the weather's like really bad but
they're gonna have a nice fun dinner
again again again again
hi hi Megan girl
good job Samir friends good job see them
in the back some of the young men that
Sam helps with that church decided to
just pop by think I've ever seen think
they said that they were just like
driving around and we're like let's just
see what Sam's up to you and I love that
I love that they're already comfortable
with him he just literally got called
into the young men's like maybe two
weeks ago two or three weeks ago I don't
even know I just love that they're just
driving around let's see what brother
Anderson is up to so they've been
outside flying the drone we would have
had him inside but no literally just
poop in it thanks thanks I'm here so
they're just hanging out flying the
drone around it's the cutest thing I've
ever seen I love it oh my god so sweet I
just want to come hang out with Sam
awesome still really dig in my hair but
it always looks the best you know when
like you get back from the salon and
they like blow-dry it for you and wash
it for you and I'm like dang I wish I
could have go to her and just have her
wash and dry my hair every week then you
look awesome every week I bet I get one
of those like can you know how long like
blow dryers they have like that end
that's like ski me I need that thing
because that like really makes it like
soft and smooth and not like frizzy
whenever I Drive my hair with a blow-dry
I feel like it just turns frizzy and
poofy she got all like sleek and nice
and pretty and I'm just head now I'm
trying to convince the mom to go short
she's like maybe I should cut my hair
because she goes really long hair too
like yeah do it it's so fun let's go
back to this cute scene he was cutest hi
are you so happy when you wake up yeah
you would be so happy if you just take a
longer nap hi you took two later with
nap
Hey
how's it going been doing tummy time for
about I don't know 15 20 minutes right
now
how's tummy time going PJ pretty good
she couldn't close to crawling isn't she
yeah what are you what are you watching
right now football so we just played
football for about 30 minutes to an hour
and Noah just wants to watch football
videos on the iPad it's all I wants to
do he just watched this little kid that
like works out and gets ready for the
football game and usually loves them
watch you can work out things do you
like football is that your favorite
sport right now he's so sweaty cuz we
wasn't playing inside the house do you
think you'll be calling soon I think
it's possible
you're getting really strong you kind of
try to crawl a little bit huh you also
like to chew on everything
do you like Mama's new hair yeah
these years like do you see yourself oh
don't eat the camera
