good morning sweet world this is megan
and i just moved into my new dorm and
you're watching seneca vlogs base we
have not had a vlog like this since we
lived in Salt Lake yeah you say I got it
Oh
who exit the fire truck when we go by so
y'all see us coming right because of our
lives and our lap noises what do you
guys think this truck goes to when
somebody needs help when you think this
one is to help for
wire you're allowed to go inside go
inside no go on the other side wait for
you'll get to walk through it it's not
cool why were you scared yo firetrap no
you want anything she's read the cool
light yeah I'm gonna go up there now
pretty cool
after me that is high the big truck
oh no one having any fun wants to go
home to go with my phone ready to cheese
Noah know what my mom yeah today is the
survivor premiere it is happening
tonight I think for the past 2 premieres
we've watched it with Tyler and possibly
Hayley I think haley was here for both
of them but tonight we are getting
together ash addition to watch survivor
premiere did I say finale survivor
premiere and the only way to watch
survivors with a little bit of rice and
raw fish so I'm gonna go pick up some
sushi
up himself that bein know if anything
I'm gonna turn this week is the life of
here if anything it kind of makes me
happy because I feel like Noah's loving
the memories that he's watching he keeps
watching his first birthday blog he's
just obsessed with it and his second
birthday and it's like he remembers the
effort and the time and those like
moments that you've maybe don't think
they'll even really appreciate he loves
it so pretty cool you ask me know what
do we get for dinner you say sushi so we
ended up not making it done this all
like today we kind of talked about
yesterday in the blog how great the kids
have been today was probably like the
worst they've been in a monkey we
totally jinxed erza so we just kind of
took it easy well come and say we took
it easy we just trying to make sure
everyone's okay today city consisted I
you know what trying to take a nap and
basically going number two in his diaper
I had to drive around with Penelope
because she went sleep at all
and the internet was out for most of the
day so up living a boy was rough today
getting that done just all-around kind
of a crummy day but we are gonna have a
great night we're not going to let that
crummy day affect us for too long we are
blessed the food that is what no always
gets it's a kid's box with rice salad
each and like a good call the gun /
potsticker i'm not sure if una over here
if we hit the sunshine room which has
salmon on top for your role to
french-kiss rules i have salmon on top
lemon favorite I'm else wondering even
in sushi know i annoy so the plan was to
eat how they eat it on the show and this
is cesaro's you know they got that no
she did I repeat this kid I always get
so hungry when I watched her ever we
were gonna eat with talent and Hayley
though and they're taking just a little
bit longer I think Tyler hasn't finished
editing his blog yet today so we got to
eat because we got the kids Penelope's
taking a nap finally I had to I've had
to feed her like I know we were sitting
up and then I transitioned myself to a
laying down position on the bed oh she
on the bed yeah I couldn't like Bergeron
oh yeah i'm under the again monday i
will say that girls swig lee now do you
don't like that closest to the wall
sounds a bit oh cool so no buses food
eat it have a great night yeah yummy
damn ya know is lucky he could watch
survivor with us tonight no other and
here you here in time we talked on that
search at seven offender so no wonder
coming over
they're always sneaking you for ya this
is he have not bye what's it called
uncle David any frogs
skateboarding in my jordans
skateboarding in my jordan look at me
I'm no skateboarding in my Jordans
the princess finally took a nap for 30
minutes in her room to nap today yay she
also ate green beans tonight that makes
up for your lack of naps you know green
bean sis and now these two things show
me something outside now Noah can say
what can you say I got it I hope I got
that all no no no no I I'm soaked sama
dr. John magazines oh stop teaching him
to hit that you treat me of it you
teaching him to ruin the house no yes
you are I just you're cheating him to
break windows the best coordination oh I
love me says that God I hey oh yeah we
have not had a vlog like this since we
lived in Salt Lake yeah the powers have
to wonder we want to destroy run our new
place yeah haven't twice remember the
power not twice only move there but um
yeah we just finished watching survivor
powers vision we could hear storm yeah
we heard it blow up the storm is crazy
look boom when everything shut off yeah
it was terrifying for the second time
yes the same time very crazy store yeah
and it was a big storm for like good
five minutes I figured that I can't
actually it made me realize that we need
more flashlights like we're really about
the earth n emergency preparedness stuff
we do have a couple kits and things but
not like the basics that you would
normally just find another house
on your nose from Noah yeah he let's see
can you see that that red dot ya know I
playfully through a thing of play-doh at
me I think not trying to hit me in the
face but it nailed me right in the nose
and I wasn't looking so that's fun I
guess we're gonna go the bed what else
is gonna be the earliest we go to bed
ever did you watch Survivor what did you
think it's Millennials versus Gen X so
far I'm kind of biased but I actually
like the Millennials I know whatever i
don't really like anyone at first but no
like tyler and haley were just here they
just left and like they said it always
takes a couple episodes to really figure
out who you like and i thought i would
like the gen-x better actually thought
you know I wanted to get higher stuff
with the phone ah to me good season
there's something behind
good night guys and can't see me right
now but I'm here hopefully the power
comes back soon and see you guys
tomorrow pace and helping my haircut
goes well I'm six
