yes well I'm blessed in California
you're watching some michael lux
hi hi yes sorry this I'm ready to put a
good morning sweet world clip in the
vlog yesterday but I'm going to continue
to do those it was a mistake remember
samack a box at gmail com submit your
video saying good morning sweet world
are you say what Windows TS or whatever
you want hi no stringing all of my
smoothie we are actually just going to
head over to the first damn till outing
been working on a video it's a about
canon and taking photos and things so
that video is probably posted right now
hopefully if it's not it's coming soon
right but you can go watch it i'll put a
link in the description and if you have
any questions about taking pictures or
anything
whatever
we're going out for a little bit i think
david just got to my well so actually
like where you guys met your house oops
how have I been on the steak honestly
honestly I haven't checked in a few
hours i'm good just not tired today I've
been in a mellow mood today as well oh I
think survivor stores oh that's right
I'm so Ted I camera for this is bloody
Taylor's many old vs what's that me okay
it's a pretty today oh there's a belief
the stereotype that Millennials are
ruining everything I see well we're
excited we will be watching to see woody
a circle first one did you like the
Ducks in the noises you get so much
stuff over based on the crackers have a
duck's canny okay how could ya what is
it yep Hey duck duck so many ducks X are
like people oh yeah it really stinks
here today it smells like poop and pee
like the parrot on your shoulder oh no
oh Jen's on my shoulder okay straighter
okay here here we go it stinks here
today even though it was like you Sam
and I recently have well as of yesterday
have been enjoying some James the Mormon
have you guys heard of him he's a rapper
he's an LDS rapper he's really good
movies more along said he just came out
with a really good there's one about be
with you and then there was another
songs
would be virtually no that one's really
good baby look
a sammy we work Oh her hair's one of my
ear at freaked me out hi that's you huh
she's been a bit happier today so that's
been nice she's still been fussing a
little bit bananas on this for yesterday
was so bad she was so in so much pain
yesterday no I just keep singing sucker
sucker know what were you singing mom
points for the car next to us they're
currently listening to harry potter tape
the quality Wow eating chili cheese
fritos twist I absolutely love Harry
Potter yeah reading it was just one of
the greatest joys of my childhood one of
the greatest joys of my college life it
excites me to know that there's like a
whole nother generation of kids who have
never read it that will be able to enjoy
it like our own beds yeah everyone enjoy
classic I just up i tempted when I was
younger but I really read them all my
college ears we left at loreley
dude RVs
like its music I got a son hello that he
only dances with the fans he took my Lou
thank you hear one note i was likes
giving Jenna songs here in one week and
oh yeah he did not start ok it's just
been like a month since we played one
freaking knows this came in with it's
ours name that tune oh yeah cuz every
answer would be starch starch
uncle poopy came over so Noah's riding
his bike with him hi and only a diaper
boo boo flops hi you had some spaghetti
up I don't care mas got on camera oh we
had spaghetti for dinner Oh basom did on
your face fatal collision oops she is
enjoying baby food more chili crazy take
two containers for dinner now what's
this uh-huh regal she loves watching
them play are you watching your brother
play hey are you okay yeah but where'd
you get always hey ru hey you're tough
she is just thinks that David is
hilarious she can't stop watching him
skateboard and money hey look she wants
to need to keep going keep going oh oh
so now I'm taking orders oh yeah look
she loves every time 00 rubberize go
that's where David is it was it for
right now in the camera look oh she
found him ball David make her laugh Oh
her face every time kind of example are
you trying to step for your children
dead oh good kisses sims off to a court
of honor for scouts or for young men's
tonight that Scouts right boy scout oh
I'm somebody yeah one person and it's a
baby yeah staring contest ready set go
wait I'm not looking I'm looking up the
killings already did we beat you do we
beat you did we did we did we okay um
tomorrow well tonight we were thinking
about going down to like Target or
outside of Logan and end up chipotle
maybe checking out like toddler beds and
things we talked to Noah today and we
said hey buddy about ready for a toddler
bed cuz I think PJ is about ready for
her crib yeah we got our nice mattress
for her pack and play it's really hard
yeah it's not like I feel bad for her
now I mean I don't think it can be as
comfortable anymore and I think it's not
for Noah he's like about there I know
scary is
very and I know people were really now
which is lately decided I honestly don't
think he's gonna choose to leave it crip
yeah I don't know I'll see that's what
life's about I don't know probably are
especially first-time parents like
people probably like oh just watch least
three then but like every kid's
different to know what did I think the
hardest time will be nap time yeah as he
started to him up and fight back on that
nap time and with this like he kinda has
a choice but if it means quiet time in
Israel's then he understands it yeah I'd
say honestly today was probably one of
our best days ever with Noah the bath
this week has been a good week he is
growing into his own little human being
he has sort of humor and he talks to us
cares for us today funny I knew he was
hiding from me and I acted like I was
scared and he is like sorry dad are you
like okay and he came up the nickname a
big hug you know so I feel like he's
getting more empathy even when he kicks
me in the head with a football I'm just
proud of a little guy I know it's really
sweet and he's really trying to get him
to be nice to his sister always and she
doesn't know he's either kid rough on
her sometimes yeah so I'm proud of him
yeah but the reason why I came up is
because this weekend there's a campout
and we were gonna go like me know we're
gonna go you guys were in a stay at home
well we were gonna come for the
activities and dinner part of it and
then come home for sleeping yeah and I
was starting to know what tonight I was
like Johnny go camping it's like yeah
got her sleeping bags out back to sleep
playing in the lead in him and he was
pretty excited about that and I think
he's I think he could do it but then I
found out that the night we go camping
the temperatures supposed to be like 40
degrees was the raining and pouring
maybe a little campout
that will be fun sleepover and befriend
him to sleep over with him but then I
throw him off even more yeah anyways I
think tomorrow we might go look Teddy he
today better he can keep it alive today
he's afraid of his baseball potty but he
said I forgot him a football party he
might he would know but then I asked we
asked him to be like no no yeah anyways
where we love our kids yeah and Penelope
she's still a sweetest little thing and
Jen she's the sweetest little mom fan
and I'm just excited about the weekend I
think we have some fun things coming up
knew him since your hair looks I know
toddler time tomorrow with the fireman
so in Survivor and survivor got a good
workout in tonight and we will see you
guys tomorrow how do you get your teeths
away
well if you haven't light
