no one about sissy unicorn ER that step
but no really mind one luizinho show me
I was just watching video from
thanksgiving two years ago it's just
like makes me so happy that we have
these videos because no one was her age
well I was watching a video for a couple
months ago and I believe hello how much
she's grown already and just crazy cuz
no was so little just a little baby and
he's not a baby anymore yeah he's a big
brother that like so much junk in your
hair oh it's rolling Joe you put in my
hair for church gonna be a gold it my
fav mmm see I'm good right now dad but
uh my teeth are pretty bad no I are you
good big brother and my fate you're a
good big brother you gonna put another
one in to give her pigtails Oh two
ponies are you gonna come here that
might hurt you have to be very gentle
than I her she's little you can cut my
hair no one called my hair yeah just
like just gentle good gentle
we love going through the carwash we'd
like this membership where it costs as
much as two car washes and we go once a
week you know h lee it's a lady to light
disco show
that part
wait comes the color foam
what color is that this one
oh there's like a picture oh weird
that's new everything is new that's on
the sunroof I feel like they can do
Jason a good day picked up for Noah's
lack of a nap but I'm already been
mentally preparing for him to be done
with maps we're gonna go ahead and take
a nap where should we go check out the
halloween store for fun and then fun day
yeah fun day hey two different at all
the time yeah yo spider-man day yeah I
got some clothes my phone so they're
prob about the best quality due to the
ladder good job firefighter thing
where your time wait your turn winter
weight okay way to go to the red one the
weapon the weapon
great you guys screen a fire in the
house I know this is this let me go
through the street
all the way under all the way under
good job
I know yourself kind of covering
yourself but it was really doing lunches
lunges say i was doing lunges your needs
going over your toe though oops I needed
crutches let's go okay um and on
Wednesday actually they're having a real
firefighter come Oh Marcia no that's
thursday thursday i'm getting my hair
cut cutting it off again I'm ready it's
time cut the main off again and then
I'll just guard back out and buy the
next kid I'll cut it off again um yeah
so on Wednesday if you guys are
interested they're having an actual fire
man come are there having bringing a
truck and ambulance like paramedic truck
is coming until be really cool they're
gonna get to learn all about that stuff
so it's gonna be fun i'm excited for
wednesday i think i'll love it I like
literally cannot believe this is
happening right now
snide Ananda September yet I just came
from we're actually going here we've
never been to a Halloween store this
early good deal whatever yeah yeah just
kind of scary actually a Darth Vader
pull all the way down over his face
Darth Vader let's check out the other
symptoms
yes story to mine this is what I mean
blow up pumpkins for my front yard oh
that Joker from YouTube's on all those
kids each of videos online reach I
always have this joker guy yeah he's
like Silicon you and scary Joker I love
the smell of Halloween stores do you
like this Melanie I love it thanks Mel
like costumes and artificial plastic a
static latex yeah oh ho i see a hulking
spider-man you you got a spider-man
costume last year huh remember that
that's it no look at me look at me Noah
do to mommy look how cute these costumes
are for babies you get a little owl okay
well last year you were kind of scared
of this now you want to be a clown I
don't know what to think am I raising
you right oh my oh yeah
oh hell this is scarier there's this kid
oh you hey well it's a miracle we left
the halloween store with nothing we
didn't buy anything Jen didn't even get
her cub with cob webs yet I think we'll
get our Halloween decorations once it's
actually October but it was fun to look
at the store and get some ideas there's
two different routes were thinking about
going for Halloween one of them is
probably very obvious the other one a
little less obvious maybe we'll do both
I don't know that's really over there I
just love Halloween much more now that I
have kids you kids are so cute playing
together right now it's gotta keep a
night yep you can play with that one
what's that such Chewbacca's car no
you're cute oh is it
so what's for dinner tonight my man what
are you eating show me how you eat that
do you want get up at the leg take it
take a bite like medieval times whoa hey
you know you would like la bandera yeah
I rose Abby fellas yo yo mm-hmm let's
keep growing up you just put corn on
your plate yeah and like it's all neat
and nice are you kidding me good job
buddy here's you put your shirt on
yesterday now you're putting food on
your plate there you go come on come on
mom oh my oh so yummy go down slow down
my hair is still poofy for my little
pony tail experiment read our favorite
pic now we're gonna play some football
on have some fun
yes
I'm advising you hahaha
Circle
and I forget again get brunch
touchdown yeah
you're so silly oh baby you like the
dead kid go to like that thank you good
job
ma'am seriously luckily the lady was
nice and it was in her kitchen already
dad I hit the tree first thought he was
like good thing I was looking at my
window right that time usually high
usually it's noah hidden over the fence
about me no don't throw it back though
over here you want to kick a silver whoa
oh goodness what's your it's pinching
down watch watch list all the way down
okay ready watch what he does you ready
Hey oh just Charlie Brown them pretty
bad there yeah you did good thing hi we
take turns he's good at sharing now it's
my turn to keep it okay hold it with
just your finger at the top you got it
ready okay hold on huh go hit me no I
just ran toward anything you just
grabbed okay I'm ready here's thinking
too much one side the grass up and
forgot to kick it no no no the grounds
first throw the grass up first yeah
throw it up let it go throw it up throw
it throw it in here what a copy dad you
know the ball for me he gave dad your
grass yeah can I have your grass here
give me some grass thank you okay here
we go
ready news
nice go tackle the guy that catches it
boteco daddy never in see how far junk
and throw it in a contest of who can
throw at the furthest whoa that's pretty
good and now they're racing to it we
thinkin uh p this is pretty fun huh it's
a good monday night here comes Noah oh
no you comes mama here comes mama how
should we see how far I can threat I can
throw it over the mountain whatever
golly no gets mad if we take the four
 me want this you haven't just
crapped in man good work out
but a good workout
