good morning sweet world my name is
Phoebe from England this is my beautiful
power trio and you are watching samokov
vlogs peace you're gonna pancake dance
no a bread sandwich historic church
there's two types of people there's two
types of people people who like
chocolate chips and their pancakes and
people that I complain great
I like them plain so this your first
chocolate chip pancake no I think he's
had way that pink exactly what do you
think arms what about the sausage Amy
that good too
how is it yummy everything yummy
so uh this just happened let me see
what's on your head little Olympian I
heard the keys fall off the bookshelf I
was like what was that
there's no congressman then those and he
comes running out we're watching the
Cubs play right now they clinched the
division yesterday we're all pretty
excited here hoping to make a trip to
Chicago in October and today we actually
have a football game to go to
and we're all going together as a family
last time it was just me and Noah we're
all pretty excited all know it can talk
about is the fire which is what comes
out when the players run out so that was
his highlight last game football day
heading up to meet up with um can't mix
egg and we're gonna go be the box
tonight so we're excited
I don't know hopefully we last a little
at least a half time yeah but the baby
hasn't really thinking that today so
we'll see how we do she loves watching
football I love watching football no I
would say no we should be really fat
night we're excited so what was that
fired the football are you excited to
see the fire we got him ripping his
Cubby's hat - yeah what are you gonna
say when you see people what are you
gonna do you show me your hat go go
cubbies yeah yeah you're a blessed
little fan my man mm-hmm not too many
people have seen the Cubs play as well
as they had actually this is like the
best team we've ever had in my life yeah
you're lucky you and Penelope are the
Lucky Charms cereal yeah you taste the
fire let's go yeah number one what about
act can you say go Aggies good job go
Aggie can you say go big blue
good big big lose a big good a big blue
number one
this is so exciting
everyone's speaking I know I feel so
spoiled for good man the sad and that's
a church I know now look at me it looks
so good wow it really man that box
ramped up the school a lot yeah we are
right next to them looks so good look at
the ground it's like I said a surprise
yeah
so cool so many sweets way I ever been
right away you're going to be this place
is nice
you just proclaim dad when the news that
came on and the soap will know what
yeah he does move
Noah is awesome is awesome
that's a mac and cheese
do you like use one to study
soda
that's right yeah I scream at I notice
haven't really good time almost too good
at the time what's up YouTube fam I
mentioned a couple weeks ago on Twitter
that I'm going to try and take one day
off a week either Saturday or Sunday
most likely I've kind of been doing it
over the past month it's been nice to
just kind of regroup and as people say
disconnect from the internet and
everything else this week didn't post a
vlog on Saturday or Sunday
apologize for that I had only intended
not to post Saturday but things got a
little hectic and crazy and we were just
busy the entire day by the time I could
actually get on my computer it was
already pretty late at night so I
apologize for that
but it's been good just to have that
time that 24 hours or 48 whatever to be
with Jen and the kids
anyways hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog we had a lot of fun this weekend
it was pretty sporty but I think the
kids enjoyed it and it was good to be
outside for these last couple days
before it starts getting a little colder
I am excited for father more baseball
he's just watching
so I mean look like it could be a
baseball coach yeah
would you ever coach big Little League
sure he's so cute
he loves it so much today hey did you
take a pic Napoli Turkey Noah woke you
up to me you woke up sleeping huh perky
and gradual broke Sam never talked about
how he's gonna be nervous every time
Noah has a game just like an excited
nervous you want to play baseball
baseball play football only flag
football first I had to drive her around
to get her to sleep today last night we
were talking about the football game he
had a lot of fun at the football game
what happened at the football game why
fire and what else somebody give you a
kiss he was telling me about it last
night
what'd you say to me what'd she do yeah
he kept going how was it I wish I
would've gotten on camera cuz it was the
cutest thing I've ever seen my life me
for fun more more football more do you
know I gave her cheek at first and then
just take no not not enough so she like
took his head and swirl it around and
give her give him a big kiss on his lips
it was so funny on my drive I realized I
noticed that everyone thing bass boss is
like okay when sis wakes up we're gonna
go watch baseball
fun fact about this outfit the pj is
wearing today it actually won't put me
used to wear this cute little onesy
because she said it was her favorite
outfit that bad and I have to agree it's
so cute
the boys are currently hiding from me
okay you rest in your chair yeah I put
some shoes on morning finish off the
block yesterday we just head back to the
park play and came home had some dinner
we just cooked up real quick
and now we're having a brunch
you're gonna pancake dance no a bread
sandwich historic church there's two
types of people okay there's two types
of people people are like chocolate
chips and they're pancakes and people
that I complained right I like them
plain very very very very very back of
our cabin cuz you never make pancakes
hi this girl only woke up didn't make up
at all oh yes success no laughter yeah
he got the pizza cutter oh this girl so
full night last night I wake up until 7
or 6 6 I don't remember
hey chub says and she sits in the high
chair no baby no you sit in the high
chair ah
okay we got pour it in the bowl okay
good job Noah you stirring up the
pancake mix did you love cooking your
nice little chef you just like eating
huh what would you think oh there's one
there's two
zooty third today so tell me what you're
doing over here mister what is this
you're making pancake is L pancake like
I said there's two types of people in
this world people are like chocolate
chips in their pancakes and people that
like a plane touch the pancake mix and
put it in the chocolate chips
okay now this your first chocolate chip
pancake no I think he's had four huh
where's that pancake second what do you
think arms what about the sausage Amy
that good too
how's it everything so well we're back
from church it was actually it's been a
really good Sunday for us I think the
breakfast helped a lot it took up most
of the morning Noah's help cook no even
just cleaned up all his train tracks and
now we're gonna play a little football
can I see your shirt did you put that on
yourself yeah hey you picked it out and
put it on do you guys see it's behind
backwards
let me see you know what come here wait
can you turn around let me see your back
yeah there's a pocket right there so
good job he came home and he's like
church clothes I wanted to take him off
put his shoes in their place is shirt
and then he picked out some clothes to
wear
so good job man tell me about church
today was it pretty good pretty good
there's actually probably the best he's
ever been in church like all of it he
sat there I was helping the baby fall
asleep just enough he just won't sleep
today
that's funny like she's usually amazing
and he's not he's been absolutely
amazing today and she just doing baby
things you know normal baby things not
sleep well she's not sleeping really
much and if she does it's only for a
couple minutes but she did sleep through
the night and she's probably teething
but overall it's been a great Sunday so
far all right man good job clean it up
there's a couple more pieces but I think
those are sissy's toys not bycatch let's
do it
Sika booty shake a booty switch
