good morning sweet world I'm Claire this
is Natalie and you're watching Simha
clocks beast
good morning pink world world world is
actually a really hard word I think for
non-native English speakers to say I
remember when I was in the Dominican
Republic all my Dominican companions had
a really hard time saying the word world
is that interesting there's certain
words that are just very difficult and
then there were certain words for me to
say in Spanish that were very difficult
as well trying to think one can't think
of one at the moment but okay Noah did
you dress us this morning yes I just
changed though I I was getting hot no
one wanted to put his jersey on after he
put his outfit on and then he ran and
got mine here well let mom shut but
you're not matching anymore anymore I
was getting hot I know they're both
wearing makes me all warm that they are
try they were both wearing grey sweats
with grey shirts under their jerseys and
it was really cute they both came
downstairs like twins it was so cute
it was kind of quite this morning today
yeah actually really cool to me I guess
Noah was really good the store although
I said he had to keep it until he went
poop on the potty
someone caved Jen's a lot better than I
this is so sweet though this is a little
like elevator thing you can crank up cuz
he's been playing these little mini
trains he's obsessive trainer it's not
good you gets one of these usually not
always but he has a really good day yeah
the only like a buck it's been cold and
rainy so we need to leave your job
sounds good
I know let's crank him up he loves this
thing ready okay let's go this way yeah
baby still asleep oh no this guy got
upside down so yeah this is our second
day in a row wearing our Cubs jerseys
what the Cubs might clinch the division
today with a win or st. Louis loss no
knock on some wood oh we're gonna
Clinton not fathom what and hue sound
jinx that you so cute at the stir fry
runs I
this one days like that's my favorite
team why'd it go and I was like yeah
Mike Lynch the division right like she
doesn't really want more dedicated I
feel like than like two people in public
around me too
and honestly we talking about Stuart
batter stands oh yeah tough guys tough
guys so cute and tomorrow we're going to
at Nike game yeah welcome tomorrow night
we're going to be in the box with some
family so really excited about that you
exciting a football game well I think
he's nervous about is below but he won't
hope he won't be I don't know what's in
fire at the game it's a late game I'm
like oh okay as long as the baby's happy
I guess we put that a really fun yeah I
love it that we just read
no one likes personnel flat no there's
numbers uh-huh
cuz well there's no one okay throws
offer
yeah that seems a pretty reasonable
there's a cat he loves the Halloween
stuff no so far last year is super
scared of it all but we were at the
store today getting some stuff for
dinner
and he was loving all the decorations
reason is just can be easier to just do
solo costume so we have your family
every year it's better it's better the
older they get the more will be that's
true I mean if they want to do the wrong
thing one year that's fine but oh
I'm dedicated I just can't wait the
first of October I'm going to the store
and buying cobwebs and stuff to put
around that that that house we do the
Austria I know and this year that's I'm
excited student for sure since we have a
bigger garage and space I think for sure
the hot little haunted house that would
make possibly Jo and Chico and that
would be fun si has been taking also
she's been taking the best morning naps
lately I just like set her in there and
she put stuff to sleep after like 20
minutes and then she says sleep for like
I mean it's been over an hour and a half
okay good pickup and football because
you like faithful and football oh
festival
well right that's possible the back
burner for this kid lately you almost
got a whole squad yeah is it weird how
that happens we're fish climbing with
Austin and Brittany I'm so embarrassed
because I texted Austin today and I said
hey tell Brittany happy belated birthday
I forgot it was also Austin's birthday
such a good friend day I know like
instantly like based on house like yeah
dad
says good catching up you guys gotta go
check him out look at that little guy
I'll have to get together soon
I know fun to catch up with Austin and
Brittany and their kids it seems like in
the past five months since we had PJ
we've just been out of touch with like
so many friends from the internet and
friends in person and now we kind of
feel like ah hey we got this again we
got this we can be a pant we can be
parents of - yeah right Penelope right
so that's good to catch up with them and
if you guys wanna check out their videos
they're awesome it was both of their
birthdays yesterday and I kind of blew
that set but he airs I'll put a link to
their videos in the description hello my
little princess I love her and I love
her yeah
oh hello her forehead looks extra
because she still doesn't have eyebrows
they're just like peach fuzz blonde
eyebrows which is just so cute I can do
it gosh can you see how flat that is
come on have your growth spurt already
so your head will grow I've never looked
forward to a growth spurt more than I'm
looking forward to this next growth
sprinters hi I would have had been with
her point today to see how it looks I
think it looks pretty cute I think you
look pretty cute sis
grandma and Papa sent something for you
and PJ she open it you know 100 days
till Christmas
oh don't say that I'm not ready I'm not
ready I'm not ready for Christmas she's
like oh I have started my list already
and I've already started to think about
what I need to call the big man Santa to
bring the kids you guys remember what
our elfs name is I think sort of an N we
cannot remember because we didn't do
nuts we did something else sorry but I
can't remember we need to go back and
figure it out it's me the first year
that no I know what's going on mr. elf
is right come in - okay nice and gentle
and rooster yeah this'll take a shower
and I still smell like shaving cake
you still I can't smell anymore what's
in here buddy
oh whoa show me sure
that's from granny and Pappaw whoa
Storch coloring pages those are pictures
that you can color on awesome what do
you say tea grandma and Papa eat and
Grammy oh that was for Penelope for you
let me help you open it oh are you so
excited
he'll let you play with it for a little
bit I'll take the tag off okay I'll just
leave you hold it for a little bit
should give me that dad with the fun
texture give me that dad don't love it I
want to eat it she's gonna get that
sticking up that's gonna taste nasty all
right baby oh the children off you got
oh
doesn't like it is so cute
my mom is all worried that it wouldn't
fit her but it'll fit her just fine
sorry I know this didn't I got a few
ternoon I'm sorry say thank you give you
papa
okay okay okay sis is not happy right
now she's hungry this is awesome
once he's done coloring that page like
you just take easy to rip it off and
then there's on the page underneath
that's we can put the cap back on good
job buddy
what color is that one like black yeah
hey nice okay y'all got that for you
what color is that not nice orange good
job say thanks granny and Pappaw happy
Halloween
well there we go
add a little drained everything and it
looks great
alright we'll have to add some more
coated to these later right and you
missed a couple - did you - teacher -
teacher did you do - teacher
dananananana nnnn are ten Ana
Dada Dada Dada Dada okay no I was doing
that for a good 30 minutes this morning
update on the Samak Olympics because
people are constantly asking and I
usually respond to a comment but then it
goes unseen you never ins like they're
not responding
they've just been on pause hold I guess
because seems like everyone's just been
busy we haven't talked about it so I
think we have four Vince left right poor
I think a lot of the excitement fell out
with some of the contestants because
they were getting their Bumby found me I
mean worst case scenario Jenna and I
will finish it we'll see I'll keep you
guys updated but we over sure have an
ending funny thing happened let me first
explain the situation someone contacted
us and wanted to use a clip of one of
our PI face vlogs which features Te'o in
it where he's like really reactive like
oh yeah it's such a good time two more
two more two more
you can do it haha
yeah hey for your face there too and
they wanted to like license the clip for
like a little video or commercial thing
so I contacted Trish months ago yeah
he's won a while it's in a lot
I wasn't sure there ended up using it
and I was like hey someone wants to like
use the video
you could get some money from it like if
you guys are down or whatever it's up to
you and just I can't let's do it so
anyways I got them I got paid yesterday
fast forward
yeah I got paid yesterday for it and I
needed to get her phone number because
for some reason I lost it and then gave
it to me
Oh texted her today I was just like
lambs a jokester if he finds a way in to
like make a joke I wasn't looking well
hello just funny cuz I just something
you would do to your sister I thought
I'd yeah I thought I had her neck I
thought he had a conversation like I've
had a number so it's trying to find our
old conversation she must have a new
number I think yeah that's what it is
and I was like Hello she's like Hello it
was a stamp I was like it's Demetri hey
are you still enrolled in those tango
glasses yeah like what I don't know you
and then she's like bye Felicia
in the text let me show you takes this
so funny we keep talking yeah I was like
don't you remember like we're on the
fifth Street Promenade New York Fashion
Week 2013 eating like danishes but as
you see the hazelnut Center I can't
remember
and here's just like everything I'm
gonna block you like you creep stop
texting me or whatever so funny and it's
an admission my face like you to
recognize this space so that were to
give her the money and she said she was
really mad like jokingly nice issues are
there we gave us up we both of us up
mm I was just dying I was on the couch
this guy is so funny I thought usually
like you as me that's why she's like
better Felicia
she's five Felicia at thinking it was a
stranger which makes me love Trish so
that's my love trick talk to mrs. Segal
why I love Trish oh gosh she's so funny
yeah we're going there right now yeah I
go see you really we're on the Halloween
story we might wait another day just cuz
we realize that even October it seems
like it's a little too early to go there
I'm like well probably go to multiple
times not like get stuff are you kidding
me I'm sure you're then come back with
more Bob machine I don't need any more
fog machine it's not green so a year ago
I came home with fog machines and stuff
but now it's I here again I would love a
blow-up ghost in my front yard
took your Christmas people because it
was snowing it's a lot harder to take
care of those things in the snow
I'm definitely have those up again
though Christmas lay lay down the pole
excited hundred days till Christmas
oh gosh I'm not ready Frank I love snow
and stuff up until Christmas and I wish
the snow would just end after Christmas
Day that's just crazy because I remember
when I was like oh no birthday yeah
not just here Rockies not just Teddy its
tail tired hockey one me he combines
them Te'o Tati who's your best friend
Te'o Tati no who's your best friend yo
Socky Taotao tighty I taught him to say
Jetta
no no what happened just so you know
whenever we come the first thing Trish
asks is where Sam why is the same not
here she wants to see you
I don't know you're her favorite
obviously tell her like three trees here
PJs like my work she could hey Tricia
Dimitri's here let me give my gun I'd
shoot very special magic oh my gosh not
recently
oh it was so funny no calm your me go is
so fun here didn't she you should see me
I was dying on the couch when he was
sending those texts I was like dying
Demitri I texted her today she's gone I
said my name is Dimitri and she is like
I don't know you bye Felicia
it was sorry where we were in New York
I'm like you know my house of Isis I'm
officially a walking genius it was so
funny
this thing was Penelope out of all of Oh
long energy oqu
right using genera look guys it's
officially fall the trees are changing
colors it's so pretty I love the valley
when it's fall away
crazy 30 happening though it's too soon
yeah there are the changing way up there
up high the trees
so pretty oh no run space for a space
which is so funny
that's good I can help me out good job
Noah oh hey you want to put up their
charity
hey no really wants to play it just a
little bit okay you're not gonna like
this
yeah put your face there Noah no Sam you
have no way
