good morning sweet world I'm Nicole I'm
Kimberly and we're in Boston and you're
watching sambuca flocks piggies ready
this is gonna get a little great oh gosh
no I don't know put that sprinkles on my
head he's just a little bit you guys
shake some just a lil you can grab it
okay we were just leaving the physical
therapy office okay okay there we go and
we're just naming the physical therapy
office for Penelope and she has had zero
change in her head he said it's because
she hasn't had a growth spurt that she's
supposed to have really soon so they
were hoping that in the three-week space
period from our last and that she would
have had that growth spurt but she
hasn't had that growth spurt so I'm
gonna come back in three more weeks it
hasn't gotten worse which is good but
it's the exact same I was like seriously
I was seriously like I could have sworn
with my eye I was like oh looks a little
better at least the even said that was
already good look even better I knew the
other side was still kind of flat but
he's like it's the exact same and I was
like what i got for trying so hard to
keep her up her head but she's so strong
now like she moved so much now when I
like layer in her bed and she doesn't
want me rocking her to sleep anymore
tier so I have to just put her in her
bed and she kind of just like wiggles
and talks for like 20 minutes until she
falls asleep and so I can't really put
her on her little special pillow pillow
um during naps anymore because she
Wiggles off of it and hates it and then
at night half the time I spend the time
checking on her and putting her back on
the pillow but she is too strong for the
rice sacks so I stopped that couple
weeks ago because they just was doing
nothing good she and she sits up all day
long like she's not on her back during
the day anymore because she's so big and
she just wants to sit so the only time
she's on our back is when I changed her
diaper and when she sleeps so he said
he's like honestly and then by her next
big growth spurt which should be
happening like any day now she oh um and
we'll see more change in her head and he
said I should be better I'm like oh come
on come on Vijay we could do this he
says well no right track though because
it has not decreased in
number or it increased in number i would
i should say so all right that's what
update and I gotta go buy diapers for
these babies bless that woman she
brought me a drink she brought me a
drink well I guess oh and then it stops
just like that yeah not crazy oh I just
was downpouring and healing it's just
went silent that was weird it was like
so loud and then it just stopped hey hey
her cute black there is ice falling from
the sky high is called halo yes called
hey Pheebs on your dad there's a boy
like that yeah well we thought it was
gonna be a nice day kind of it's kind of
gloomy outside now it's pouring I have a
mini afro and the old man is snoring
looks like we're gonna have to do
something fun inside Noah I think I have
an idea what's going on hey babe oh
frick are you looking for my approval
you don't need my approval to be cool
you're always the man baseball shirt you
wanted to take all this clothes off and
just look at this on yeah yeah what's it
does that have one of those too yeah it
just so cute Cubs say mom on the future
cover you to come is so cute here you
pitch I just completely figure smell
weird junk love about left in the rain
oh sad yeah all right inoue wants he
just wanted to strip down and put his
jersey on I'm ready oh oh just careful
of this one careful oh baby great
careful of the baby kainoa ready so we
all ran on the park was goodness we got
a wild picture today this kids all about
baseball and football right now you're
soaked idea his football jammies today
oh yeah no where's your football genius
g-shot I think we're on the stairs go
grab him go grab them hey there good
those tonight yeah come show me
oh there's a long I know I got 40
because I want to last all winter so I
gonna be mine oh ok no I stand here next
to this it's taller than he is Jay it'll
be fine it'll fit him it's to where I'll
be like an executables really it would
like a blanket well 3t things have been
shrinking fast so I got in before tea
okay ready whoops whoa what hi Jess
Penelope's on the throw he's a pisser
blowing raspberries on her now okay
silly goose yeah she is hot Michael gag
happy birthday the storage in the
storages birthday yeah oh cool itch
happy birthday starch but i'm really
excited tonight Haley is coming over and
we're having a girls night movie Carl
this woman there I'm really asked her
she's there come here and win they're
probably come in here I don't know yet
we're gonna look on demand see what's up
on for free there's gonna be a bad name
after the babe is going to ski okay you
guys close mr. risky business over here
and a shirt dress clothes hey you're
gonna be really disappointed nah i knows
all of this exciting did something
really really sad I such a fun activity
hey ready sprinkle try to eat the shit
shaving cream but look at me you can't
eat this okay sound good we're going to
go to the bathtub upstairs and play
that's not fun with the sprinkles own
son's interest then you could just play
with it in draw pictures that bus is
ready this is what we played with that
taller time Noah no one look at mine
dirty shower is cleanest just don't put
and give it in your mouth okay yeah you
can you did yo and one finger popping a
zit or exploring an eyelash too much dr.
vipul but right now more scrutiny green
look at taller time Noah sensory
overload that's put in singleton it show
you put some sprinkles in it too yeah oh
boy just keep it all in the tubby hunk
whoa what oh boy not your head oh gosh
oh gosh Oh would I do I wish my dad
picks the messy sensory things she had
some sprinkles to it yeah whoa in the
team in college just wow Oh it makes him
stuff I've changed colors whoa is that
allowed to go down the drain uncle so I
guess Stan can go down the drain so oh
they're on your head whoa oh you want
more
whoa he's just taking it all in yeah oh
my gosh shaving cream king shaving cream
hat no your says oh my goodness you're
so silly you look like you're in the
Capitol building at thunder game none
dreams crazy hair do you wish you could
go in there huh soon enough maybe next
year actually probably not cuz that's
when you want to eat everything dad
getting in dads getting in isn't it get
it with you I get into Noah yeah yeah I
just want to feel like Oh slippery oh my
god oh oh god anymore is that enough
what's on my bedside puts a Monday get a
little crazy oh gosh no I don't put
sprinkles on my head he's just a little
bit you gotta shake some just a little
you can grab it oh gosh okay that's good
you rest for school eyebrows turn again
to this good I can't come out because of
this she thinking oh my goodness well
this is fun is this a good sensory
activity
like Oh sprinkles my hands she play rock
paper scissors ready Rock Paper Scissors
shoot oh no don't teach him and daring
I'm gonna kill you okay don't you dare
drop pictures in it that's your pictures
the mom and needs like it colors
everywhere Oh thing it sounds like oh
fun oh this is like crazy I mean like
this is but for me you know rainy days
are hard yeah been saving a fun activity
for any day yep and he's loving it I'm
is here we're gonna have to do this
again hey maybe we got a cupcake head
get to my daddy Noah get daddy oh gosh
look at mommy oh my goodness oh let's
get out of your mouth look at mom open
your mouth there you go just don't eat
it okay okay head right now wait wait
look at me no no oh I have like your
hair is all sprinkles cut to thursday
yeah we good yo mohawk oh my gosh yeah
no I this is exactly what I thought
that's why I was so apprehensive oh you
guys this is terrible hot you need some
new water in there well I'd say that was
a success it was an easy clean up to
which was only scary part to me no shame
came the eyes no tears just laughs
giggles we just did that for like over
an hour and no where'd you go he just
got any Jamie so you guys stopped
briefly and I want him to show me the
jammies show me your Jamie's let's see
him are those football Jamie so they do
actually kind of fit dang mom wins again
I thought those look so big but when
you're wearing them I just didn't
realize how big you've gotten can you
stand up let's see how tall you were oh
my goodness you are so tall when did you
get so tall yeah why yeah did you have
fun with data set of fun activity yeah
did we learn do we count 252 what's he
can you do real quick yeah torches over
there 1 2 3 then what's last 15 yeah so
work on six through ten tomorrow okay
did you get in so smart like you've
always been smart but I just can't
believe how much you're saying okay all
right let's relax a little bit and then
we'll go to bed yeah this would colors
this this is like a neon he's a neon
yeah that's pretty good
since that we actually believe you are
right here
