good morning it's a beautiful day my
house is clean the kids are playing with
each other / tormenting each other with
other good morning where are my babies
hello there like I don't know what good
morning to me to you two and me and yeah
that's great
are you excited about the baby do you
think it's me a boy or a girl
a girl
we just got back from a little trip to
Trader Joe's glad to get some fun food
for anniversary yeah so the past three
days we've run into people that watch
our videos these videos this video right
now yeah I just turn it into Andy who's
Andy at Trader Joe's the day before we
ran into someone before that and ice
skating her into someone which is weird
cuz we never usually honestly we don't
really run into people that often yeah I
mean me I guess we're just out that's
the thing that's right maybe you are
just gonna be yeah but I just got some
flowers yeah I'm giving them to you
right now because okay and I don't want
them to die but what do these mean to
you my wedding colors except I'm missing
one color orange I didn't have any
orange flowers so pretty no I love
Trader Joe's you know we're gonna we're
gonna make dinner first and then you can
have a cup oh yeah we went to Trader
Joe's we had to get some stuff for the
our anniversary yeah hami years I got
some black and white cookies shout out
to New York City and yes fall and the
ball drop and we got some fun like fun
finger foods for after church tomorrow
show me what you eating I you even know
not to leave me much - hey PJ look at
mom say nacho DJ she's just eating the
frosting off of this cookie and now she
has a little goatee to do a little
chocolate booty you took you do you so
cute your cheeks are all red - see ya
all of our faces are so chapped here
this week so dry I feel like a lizard
I've been like taking on the lotion and
wrinkled and dry
morning starting lunch off with some mac
and cheese balls they taste really good
they don't look that good but they taste
really good
and little puffs doggy things hot dog
wrapper I feel like in high school
there's like a pressure that has a
really fun New Year's Eve well last year
was the last year when I fell asleep or
the year before was it last year where
were we last year no we're in Chicago
last year one in Leicester are we in
Chicago or do we come home before I
think we're home before that when I fell
asleep on the couch I miss the robotic
super energy
I don't know we've never done anything
for our anniversary
no I'm just saying I'm not on like
actually years on new years it's hard to
celebrate on news we never saw it on
actual music sep for the very first year
when we realized it's very hard to
celebrate on New Year's Eve you want on
it's a little too big no just me
so we're starting the New Year's Eve
celebrations a little bit early tonight
with the kiddos
from the skyline okay here oh and when
Sam came and surprised us with all this
New Year's Eve stuff because some
necklaces some horn some crowds
we're gonna take some little pictures
right here we've got all the little
picture thingies which is really fun
this sir I'm staying awake for dinner
potatoes for lunch happy new years okay
no don't do a Happy New Year face
Vijay's be dead you want to wait for
your eyes here come on this one okay
hold that one up to your eyes ready did
a little stove of an action guys look at
that that looks actually pretty amazing
I posted a Jaybirds video today I have a
couple more photos and I'm post on
Instagram and Twitter and to me guys
were like hey let's get healthier
together and I was I'm trying to think
of ways that we could do that I
definitely want to come up with greener
rested
Vivek what was your favorite moment of
oh gosh yeah my favorite room is moving
here I thought that day when we were in
the car and driving and then that pit
stop we had at that lookout and then
when we got here we were just so excited
were like wow this is like a hole that's
a new beginning
it feels so weird like driving through
the desert you're weird
that's my favorite part what about you I
think moving here but also like Peters
first birthday was a great that was
great that was a great one
what about finding out about the baby
yeah oh gosh and I was this year my
favorite moment of yeah same with me
having the baby yeah cuz elevators are
so crazy we're gonna find out in a week
if it's a boy or girl yeah that was that
planning of it easily that would be the
highlight of 2018 no what was your
favorite moment this year the fireworks
that we just did PJ what was your
favorite moment this year Oh playing
with Noah the fireworks did you like the
fireworks were you excited when we found
out about the baby blue hair brown hair
blue eyed brown eyed baby I have found
myself just like staring at them so
moving here and now like in a year from
right now we're have three babies we're
gonna have yeah it's just gonna be crazy
and I never like the baby will be six
months old crawling around I know and I
feel like PJ's just growing up so much
she's good mm hitchens gonna be in this
and this one is gonna start saying full
sentences yep
you'd be talking by next year she
already in the past week she has said so
many new words this past week it's not
crazy
are you excited to talk give a lot that
you want to say yeah are you excited
about the baby
do you think it's me a boy or girl a
girl so hey do with your mouth closed
don't say anything with your mouth way
the finish to me first okay so we got a
boy team boy team girl mom I'm fine
either way I'll be happy either way
healthy baby well guys it's almost time
to countdown it's almost time to count
down to the new year
okay okay like two more minutes and then
we got to do the countdown from 10 happy
new year
just ice yeah it's 13 degrees feels like
1 degree in New York City Paul Harvey
Jen just said it looks like he has a pee
line I know it's been my mom said it's
one degree in Chicago or something like
that it does look like less people are
there it looks so freezing it's very
hard to explain
New Year's Eve the new year to a three
year old though because the whole time
frame like time in general is very hard
to grasp he's finally figuring out like
tonight tomorrow yesterday morning
Sunday specific days but explaining like
a year in the new year and it's funny
that we it's funny that we put so much
into that because it's just a day later
you know what if we put that energy into
every single day yeah are you tired huh
relax today yeah we were just playing
toys playing games
we watched trolls we had a good time we
made a nice dinner
and Jenna and I will have to go on the
anniversary date friends offer to watch
our kids so we can go on a date this
week yeah we've done little things to
like celebrate but you know we want to
go in our usual anniversary did as you
guys know always a good time so that we
decide on the name
those dates it's always a good time
we've also knows she is we also decided
that we are gonna move Noah and Penelope
into the same room pretty soon maybe
yeah I actually think it's a good idea
to get it done before the baby's here so
it's not that big of a change something
that they're already used to we put know
his car seat in the back of the car and
he started sitting back there and he was
trying to get used to that too I moved
it up when we drove the other day
because I wanted him to be close to me
so I couldn't help him you know like get
a drink or whatever but I'm just testing
it out because they both hate being
alone so I'm hoping that four together
so sweet yeah so that's the plan though
is that they're gonna share a room
probably know his room it's bigger and
then the baby would be in her or his own
room but we'll see how it goes if it's
crazy maybe we will put it back a couple
weeks or months but maybe it'll be a
good transition that's funny so many
things to recognize in a short period of
time
anniversary there's Christmas kids
baby's milestones and four years of
vlogging it all started on a New Year's
Eve tomorrow for years museum years
there's like all the same
oh wow actually showing it on our TV
dead or two hours behind hu is having a
hard time they tried to do a big thing
it's not return to play HQ and it's
midnight
in New York but they're having some
technical difficulties and Jen just said
that they're sponsoring the ball job
really what part of me like I'm stressed
out for them because they just paid all
this money to be a huge sponsor of the
ball drop thing on ABC and then now it's
not working and they're like
interrupting people's New Year's Eve I'm
like I'm like stressing out for them cuz
I like I can imagine being on the
technical side of this just popped open
some trader Joe sparkling white
Chardonnay non-alcoholic we got our Half
Moon Pies black and white cookies shout
out to New York City Jen actually fell
asleep for a little bit and I thought
maybe I was going to spend my second New
Year's Eve alone we actually have
someone awake which actually never
happens this never happens this whole I
remember there were a few nights as a
kid that I would wake up and it'd be
chilly and my parents would still be up
watching like late night or something
and I actually loved spending time with
them so since we're only two minutes
away from midnight hey we'll make an
exception this one time
it's like I can't figure what it's this
holiday thank you
Happy New Year I have a lot of
resolutions a lot of goals for this year
I feel like we're gonna accomplish a lot
of them feeling positive feeling good
feeling like myself poster resolutions
in the comments below I have a lot of
bills in a knock him out of the park so
yes tomorrow
