good morning sweet world this is it'll
from Sacramento California and you're
watching cellco vlogs peace
my runway my beautiful runway all right
ladies and gentlemen today is well
Fashion Week isn't it it's fashion week
here in Utah what do you think about
that note yeah yeah ladies and gentlemen
we bring to you Sam Akane do he says
amika fashion week or day or vlog let's
go yeah baby okay thank you DJ Noah yeah
we got a phone package primary comm and
thank you for sponsoring i vlog to me
primary comm our fashion show is brought
to you by then yes so our fashion show
today is for the kids packaging what
can't you Thank You packaging that's the
first thing we'll notice this will be an
unboxing in fashion show our Wow yeah
our little runway has kind of been
demolished and eaten by sissy and Noah
but let's start off with a fabulous item
for you yes
ah look it's not go so well show will
show each oh okay here we go now let me
talk to you about this item this is what
you sit as a navy color yes maybe and
gray it's a shirt with a long sleeve on
it let's feel comfortable it is no is
that soft yeah do you like it okay guys
these shirts are very soft beautiful do
you like it Noah do you see the runway
oh you dance the runway well that was I
run my guys love it perfect perfect for
this fall as the weather cools down okay
so we got another color you're all
marked this is green that's no color
keep my help what color is that what
well I miss black these days I'm trying
on okay so we got no another shirt
similar to that one for the swim screen
yes in style I got him all of green
because sam says green that's really
good on me and I we have the same skin
color so I got it no it looks so nice on
you yeah not these years are so soft so
primary comm was started by two moms who
just wanted simple comfortable clothing
without like logos and sparkles and all
that jazz so it comes in all the
different sizes and the colors hey let's
see what your life out of this look it
got you a cookie for this winter
everything on this site is twenty-five
dollars and under so you can't beat the
price and it's so comfortable us is if
it up yeah this is your catwalk so I
went up a little bit on sizing just
because what's usually we didn't know
that's what we do cuz he grows so fast
so I'm look so cute and ready for fall
this is cotton and spandex so it's kind
of stretchy we just took a quick break
for naps because our young little models
they get tired including mama mama too
so little nap time we're back for the
same a cove logs Fashion Week fashioned
a fashion vlog we got the empty nose
back on the mic he's ready to go Noah
tell us about the first item right here
what color is that Oh Lou cute little
peter pan collar onesie okay first off
the website is super easy to navigate it
shows like brutal like the aging baby
toddler and then like it has all the
pictures of all the items that you can
get and the freezing look up you this
one's really cute i'm gonna try down
here everything can mix and match really
just getting pj dressed in that little
outfit she'll have her debut on the
runway just in a moment she looks pretty
excited i must say like jenny was saying
guys primary comm is an awesome place to
shop super easy thing I really liked is
that they had pictures of the kids were
in the clothes and it also had a weight
next to them because often you know
that's it's like well it's ages 2 to 3
but what weight is a two-year-old or
three you so with Noah we always go a
little bit
we always go a little bit bigger for him
because he's bigger than a normal
two-year-old or even bigger than some
three rooms so that really helps oh you
got the microphone yeah what are you
saying okay hold on pjs debut so cute
little snaps back here everything is so
soft oh we have to say about PJ nor
outfit yeah we got each kid three items
item number two is coming out right now
PJ's gonna be okay I'll Joe there's a
little peekaboo back here hey good work
so well gents getting PJ in that outfit
we have a special deal for you guys if
you guys want to get some clothes at
primary comm you can go ahead and go to
primary comm sanika and there you will
get twenty-five percent off your first
order plus free shipping you guys can
try out some of the clothes we really do
love it I love the fall colors this guy
loved his clothes right did you like
your outfits and me okay oh my goodness
oh look how cute I be any distress never
alert good me no look at that what color
is that because like I don't know if I'm
up for this tango was that footwork we
got PJ in this nice little pink dress
she's loving it she's looking like a
little oh look at that little moment
right there okay so comfy so copy so
comfy here I go ready
ah running man challenge to get to get
to get to get to give it to get who is
that captain on the bed Oh see if she
can save our sovereign same by yourself
in with a big Tower get your play
together I know right what's so good
when he wants to play with it yeah what
is that I'll take it oh thank you Dada
okay I feel wild wildebeest in oh great
well we have a young men's activity
tonight and we are going golfing and I
have been coughing a lot so hopefully
I don't hurt myself or anyone else Sam
is so silly this just showed up on our
doorstep for halloween that storage that
hold the bowl full of candy so someone
actually tweeted a link to me a special
deal yeah what's that for is that for
halloween yeah they treat me a deal of
this stormtrooper for halloween that
holds the candy and here it is oh my
gosh what are we gonna do a six pack in
the meantime this is hilarious you think
it's full but actually cut in half it
actually looks kind of weird like like
weird styrofoam that's very interesting
where to get this thing from goodness we
have to be careful that we don't want to
break it okay buddy so I guess in the
meantime no we'll play with it hey dork
let's cook down here on the on the
ground hey oh yeah hold stuff oh yeah
well it's candy in there oh ok thanks
pretty big a TJ yeah there's nothing on
that side huh look that I don't know
what we're gonna do yeah look hey my
look yeah it's another storage faced
lots of stories and searches on your
shirt today huh huh Sam actually just
took off for his ooh bright behind eight
you put a hat on this door Sam just took
off to go to his young money they are
golfing tonight I'm ready there we go
big talk big game
look at those clouds as crazy
super I
so the activity it ended prematurely
because it started raining that crazy
cloud you saw rain started coming out of
it we're going to do four holes of golf
but I'll have to save it for another day
I think I progressively got worse as the
night went on to the kids are asleep
it's 940 no took a while man it's the
dirt along yet okay have you watched the
Paralympics never know I actually have
it okay I think they should have the
Paralympics before the like what they
cancer the the Olympics right right the
Paralympics are way cooler than the
regular olympics in watching today I
just watched one event this video has a
thousand views it is the coolest thing
I've ever seen in my life now it watch
it I need to watch every event that this
video i just watched has taught me more
than any other video in 2016 Oh watch
this they have a guy they run with
someone thank you writing your friends
yes these people are running the hundred
meters they're blind they are blind
without sight sprinting and they run
hand in hand with a guy look at this guy
he's pointing at the other guy like he's
the guy like no glory to me all glory to
him my teammate my partner my god I am
blown away by this oh this is the
coolest thing I've ever seen in my life
maybe it has taught me so much about
life just people its athletics
everything Oh
tell me it was like right they said that
there are some event were the three
people that were in the 1500 meters ran
it faster then the regular normal
Olympics they had sight vision problems
over don't like it just blows my mind we
get this is the cool thing ever they
help the runners their teammates make
sure they got on the box so they put
their hands there watch this this is
like everything about this just warms my
soul your hand right here okay is this
not one of the coolest things you ever
seen your life amazing I thought they
limp surrender them and the hair looks
were over I feel like I need to watch
every event no we should go five deep
donk donk in seven fine little men's 100
meters t 11 I mean are you kidding me oh
my gosh amazing oh my goodness that's
amazing baby face of the records here
it's amazing so since there's two people
running side by side they only have four
people on the finals Tran stinks is
there's one person that doesn't get a
medal but it just as is insane okay this
just blows my mind okay watch this
they're gonna show them running together
and look at how in sync their arms are
hooked by I think a wire like a rope or
something they both hold it or something
watch how in sync there as they are
sprinting that's amazing Louis you can't
even tell that there that's more than
one person I know look at that are you
kidding me I love Maggie slows down to
the impasse are you kidding me in the
front all to me
in line first that's tracking so are you
King as the closing errors in my life
I'm blown away touched by like that how
incredibly Oh daddy dab Cole's video
I've seen 2016 LA as a thousand bees
touched my soul and my heart and I love
it
