good morning sweet world this is Ali
from Nashville and you are watching sama
the Fox peace we just don't buy cookies
or sweets
we just capped off a little Samak of
vlogs Fashion Week fashioned a blog
right nowa yeah he was pretty excited
about it here's a sneak peek this video
will be up it'll be in our vlog on
Wednesday ladies and gentlemen we bring
to you Sammy Kaka fashion week or day or
vlogs let's go yeah baby so that will be
in tomorrow's vlog as beating I hope you
guys enjoy it we had some fun filming it
yesterday toddler time is back sometimes
Jenna's in a hurry when she takes Noah
there so she doesn't really get to tell
you guys about it but it is back we did
it last winter I think it was a great
time for know to mix and mingle with
other toddlers and Jakobi with other
moms and it's just a fun little time in
today's toddler time they made little
telescope thingies to go look for
animals in the laser tag area I thought
that was pretty clever this is what
happened okay look through your look
fear thing we feared mini telescope to
find the animals clue see em
what you see
oh you find a snake leave it there maybe
then I might bite you I might bite you
the ground oh just look at it through
your telescope thing honest okay can you
go find another look but they're with
their Noah
but the Omarska binoculars thing whoa
he's on the ground whoa a jungle
adventure
Oh leave it there buddy it might bite
you there's more animals over here whoa
what is it a dog a bear or something
look at that yellow snake snake leave it
there leave it there searching searching
for the hey did you have fun
what'd you do what'd you find animals
yeah did you make a little toast goop
thing you took all your stickers off oh
it's really good
a baby is so dire she's so tired she
woke up
she's not feeling so good today you just
tell she's not really that's not knows
and then don't know it's just teeth or
what like always I went through the same
thing with no I'm like I don't know how
you think you know what the second one
but you still don't really know dancing
time but she's so tired okay we're gonna
head home we had a good time it was
really fun it was all about jungle
animals today you made it back in time
he's here yeah he hasn't come yet
is he there the garbage-truck dance
he's ready men
that was a different driver than last
week and when he saw how excited Noah
was he got pretty excited too he was
like he looked he saw no way he's like
oh good job buddy hey yeah I think he
made your day and you made his and my
gosh after showing you guys my plant I
got this plant for my office not too
long ago about a month or so ago I think
and it only had these five palms and now
it is growing extra ones there's one
there there's one there there's another
one that's really gone right there
another one right there so pretty cool I
only have to water it once a week it
said it's been working so far so I like
it makes the room happier just kept off
a great dinner I made some chicken I put
some Nando's sauce on it let me show you
what I'm talking about see where's that
neighbor sighs so I didn't do mild
actually did spicy and the garlic one
but I brought Nando's the restaurant to
our home pretty awesome
we also had some avocado probably my
favorite fruit avocado is a fruit right
my favorite fruit root vegetable what
are we watching we watch some baseball
yeah got our hats on I'm actually
wearing Noah's had this is from Ian but
I noticed that I could wear it for some
good luck Storch Cubs hat cow Hendrix
from the Cubs it's three outs away from
a no-hitter which would be absolutely
insane a mechana Boer Yunnan baseball
fans with anything but pure baseball fan
you know that's insane
oh oh not like this like this I was so
nervous then I can't imagine how I'm
gonna be in the playoffs in three weeks
even the Cardinal fans are clapping for
him that's awesome what a game no yes
who are you your storage is there
anything creepier than untracked on
track on track delivery like the company
that delivers packages we usually get
UPS or FedEx around here every once in a
while I'll get on track and I'm like
what the heck cuz I just know it's gonna
be a creepy delivery and I mean creepy I
mean that they leave the package at your
house and then just like don't say
anything or knock or ring the doorbell
and a lot of times for me it's like at
night so I was just upstairs giving no a
bath and Jen's ugly right now with him
but I got an email and it said you're
nuts I can't order has been delivered
and I was like 8:30
but anyways go outside there's a package
sitting there so whenever my package you
get a signed on check sometimes I just
laugh about it I wanted to see what the
order would be like through the link
that I posted in the blog the other day
so I did an order and I got half of it
now because some of the stuff was could
melt so they sent it even faster
shipping which i think is cool but i got
pumpkin spice malt balls Quatro sour
power belt can you see this and there I
guess I can just show you this way I
don't have to you don't have to look at
me glue it this is one them excited
about milk chocolate gummy bears and
then with the orders like the link I
posted you get four free samples of
something so here's two of my samples
what's this chocolate-covered pretzels
and you generate like that
and ultimate malted milk balls so that's
pretty awesome my mama told me that she
loves their malt balls so I decided that
I wanted to try it out too
I love pumpkin spice stuff we have
pumpkin spice Cheerios right now the
flavor a little bland but pretty good so
I'm excited to try those out and then
this ultimate look malt ball was like
their top rated mothballs oh my god
might as well use that as one of the
samples check it out candy yeah we just
don't buy cookies or sweets
last night were just talking about how
we're gonna start working out as a
family which is kind of more tough
because of Penelope she's getting a
little bit more Wiggly so I feel like
one of us needs to supervise her better
yeah are you in the bathtub okay
what's going on you having a good bath
I've been trying to consume less and
then I order these so yeah
they all had four point nine or five
stars or motors oh whoops
better get my push-ups and sit-ups and
hello Dolly's in tonight oh my workout
classes tomorrow and I was like oh the
way into classes tomorrow yeah you could
go after class
yeah well this is a big bag of my
favorite candy we just don't buy cookies
or sweets
I've been really excited about all the
brand's we've been working with lately
and the funniest thing about that video
is know what did you keep saying who are
you saying you think you yeah you kept
going ill and who do we find every
morning with the bag of cashews every
morning I hide it he finds it and he
brings it to wherever we are yeah we he
woke up we let him lay in our bed for a
while and he comes in with the bag of
cashews so mine was
do something yeah
really mention us they get to get to get
to get to give it to get
