good morning sweet world
Nathan from Chicago Illinois and you're
watching Sannikov logs there's a cat
outside the seat it's fat like car I
think he's outside
open the door no did you let him in the
back door
I was facetiming with my dad and I was
upstairs for just a brief second and
also not here knoweth screaming I was
like what's wrong buddy what's wrong and
what happened - it's the cat tracker
oh you want to look outside
only sometimes he says pad on the D like
dad I was like there's another dad out
there and I was like these are dead your
backyard No
and then would you say did he scare you
aggressive yeah actually feel like it's
kind of like a stray cat I don't see any
identification
no what he really likes you yeah he's
licking himself looking his paws
cleaning himself
right there at the door
no you'll see these out there stuff he
looks nice and a baby almost
I had tweeted a while a couple days ago
maybe last week sometime that I'm
dealing with postpartum depression and
man it's it's rough I actually had
filmed one night when I had like a good
breakthrough but I ended up deleting all
the clips because it was like - I was
just too vulnerable do it and I know
like a lot of you guys want me to kind
of like talk about it cuz I know a lot
of you moms suffer from it it's really
hard for me because I'm like it's a it's
really personal and private you know and
I can't even talk to Sam about it half
the time like I just I'm a terrible
communicator especially when I'm not
feeling well like mentally when it's
just like you just have foggy that day
but I've been better ever since I
finally did finally opened up to Sam
because he knows when I'm having good
embedded he knows I suffer from this but
he doesn't push me he waits until I'm
ready and so sometimes like it just
Fester's and fester the Fester's and I
just felt like I wasn't like a blow-up
like my brain hurts so bad
Oh so I finally was able to like get out
stuff from my head because really like
the post PPD you're like just twists
everything into negative I think to a
negative so you just feel like really
what me anyway like I just feel really
negative about myself my mothering about
parenting about being a wife and
everything he's just she's not funny
just like in a dark cloud hanging over
you all day long and sometimes it rains
sometimes the Sun peeks out you know
it's just like it's just like you're on
a roller coaster all day and it's like
exhausting mentally like you are just
mentally exhausted and then which makes
you physically exhausted and it's just
it's really hard so I kind of had talked
about it I filmed a lot about it but I
just like I couldn't excel like crying
and I just didn't want to post it
because it was just too much but I am
actually feeling better like I feel like
I'm getting over the hump hopefully I
don't know every week's different really
I could be feeling crappy next week but
that's part of the reason why I like
some of our videos or smell
into multiple days because some days
look I just was not feeling well and so
I didn't I couldn't film like I didn't
want to like put on a face for you guys
and be like yeah everything's roses and
dandy and fun and really I was just
sitting here on the couch watching my
kid play in like just feeling like um
but I'm feeling better and I hope you
guys have noticed in the videos of them
we're filming more and doing more fun
things and getting out of the house and
this week has been a better week there
are still some times during the day when
I'm just feel blah but it's been good
it's been a lot better since I've been
able to talk about it so if you guys can
and I also just read an article someone
had posted no it was ginger she had
posted on Facebook a story about a mom
who just took her life from PPD and it
was just like oh god wrenching because
some people like I mean some people get
more severe than others I've personally
never had like those types of negative
thoughts they're just more like eat at
me like you're just a person you know
what I mean like I've never wanted to go
that far but to know that people do feel
that way oh so heart I just hurts my
heart and so try to talk to someone I
know it's so hard because I hate talking
about my feelings I hate crying I hate
it all but you have to you have to talk
about it or else it will fester and you
it will fester in there and you'll just
keep feeling terrible about everything
in life so it really helps try to talk
to someone if you can if you are
suffering from this I know it's hard but
you will feel better I promise and just
have a good cry sometimes you just need
to have a good cry so I feel for all you
moms and everyone who suffers from
depression any form of depression is not
fun because I too have suffered from
regular depression as well like in high
school and stuff but that can just be
separate if you guys want to talk more
about it let me know it's hard to talk
about though so I understand oh this
baby's tired okay nap time
yeah time so I'm gonna go put this baby
to sleep and then try to take a little
nap myself because that's been helping
as well just getting more rest it's also
partly my fault because I stay awake
part of my PPD is a little bit good
something I think it's just really hard
to like turn off my brain at night so I
don't stay up too late
I'm feeling better thank you all for
your love a lot of you guys message and
tweet and all that stuff saying I hope
you feel better and that you understand
and a lot of you are in the same place
that I'm at but we can beat this it's
not fun but we can do it and try to be
happy and pause
Oh sad face I'm gonna go put this baby
to sleep now just know that we love you
and I appreciate all of your support and
then just know that I'm here to support
you too but try to talk to someone it
really helps and I have to remind myself
of that every time I'm not feeling well
just talk about a Jen to talk about it
because potential husbands and spouses
and partners and everyone that's what
they're there for they're supposed to be
there to lift you back up and remind you
that the things that you are thinking
aren't true your spouse does love you
you know and your kids love you and you
are not a terrible person but your brain
is making you feel like you are so yes
love you all
hey we're back from church no tell me
about church today did you go to your
class what'd you do in your class did
you cry at first but then did you stop
and what'd you do in your class II ate
food
yeah it's that you eat snacks and what
else did you have anything else
what'd you have
did you sing songs what songs did you
sing popcorn popping yeah how does that
one go I looked at the window and what
did I see no and did you play games yeah
did you like it Wow good job left him he
gave me the screen wished wasn't the
first time no I know what but we did for
the first time IV cold turkey I guess
yeah just I'm just like dropping ran
yeah in your word are you work with the
youth the church whatever the little
kids however whatever you do you deserve
to be blessings because you guys are
lifesavers cuz Jay and I can both go to
our classes today and enjoy him and I
just like target nursery leaders even
though you guys like a gift card to have
like a nice date night relax you know oh
yeah and it's solely unnecessary but you
know like you shouldn't do it for church
things but whatever I'm just like oh you
guys are just awesome and maybe come
Christmas or something we'll have to get
him a nice little date night Christmas
gift certificate anything so what
happened let me you spread it out okay
yeah you just gotta say help dad I know
you tired dude some days are always
rough you don't get your nap in okay
ready
I think the chi Chi's are upstairs and
know I guess what tomorrow is garbage
day
Oh what do it you ready
well we say porky vampy you gotta point
it down here this is really a great
working week say Michael Jordan by day
Mike Jordan
who's this one
Troy Tony yeah hey Tony the Tiger
don't you door thank you give me the
chubby cheat you
Sam's mom just sent something awesome
Noah Sam I told them to come down and
work I really want to eat something so I
I might just have to show that surprise
I'm after we eat them for breakfast
oh wow look Randy got you with this on
their baseball she got him Rizzo's for
Noah just boxes for Noah
it's so cute I get to experience and
like Tim you need to come and see what
your mom does got it's so cute
maybe we're not supposed to eat them
it's a collector's edition oh he's not
supposed to eat peas shoot we won't eat
them Sam woke up with a very stiff neck
Oh turn his head oh I see you like what
I think you're a quarterback in the
Super Bowl you up
you know like it really sniffing about
babies I mean not the other they give
you like a shot
yeah cortisone or something come on
grandpa I know stiff necks are the worst
how do you get them are they just at the
stores in Chicago baseball cereal except
for it says collector's edition toilet
strip we were allowed to eat the cereal
only sell em in Chicago yeah at the
store yeah Jules my neck hurts so bad
today I am in some I can barely move it
like I feel like I just not myself it's
like I can't watch Jim my head doesn't
really hurt my neck and when I got my
hair cut yesterday they offered a scalp
treatment and they also like massage my
neck it was pretty good and then that
was sleeping funny I think I just
completely wrecked my neck last night so
I can barely move and I just feel silly
oh you guys know that feeling I'm like
oh you guys don't do this struggle I'm
having right now just like try and have
like a straight head like a hundred so
then anyways my buddy is coming over
right now if I have my head tilted
that's why he's coming over right now to
meet Penelope fizz he has obscene
amounts of lux no she's already five
months old so he recently moved back to
Utah up in Salt Lake area using the comb
meter I think he's down here for a bike
race he's doing the lip Toja how you
pronounce it a huge race from here to
Wyoming it's crazy
wait focus stupid camera
singer dot your face against the window
this how that's fizzle oh hi Becky why
Phil oh yeah today really keep that I
heard so that what stretches are you
doing it's a doom drop if he sleeps like
this like he sleeps so weird I had a
neck massage with my haircut and I think
that was part of it no loosen it up and
then I came back and I was like it's so
weird
oh yeah like hockey ball hold the baby
obey this how are you someone has a hell
of baby in a while this is the way they
come on babies ever
oh it's bizzle yeah this is you've met
him a few times
are you davon oh your sleep he's doing a
new thing right here if he doesn't want
to acknowledge someone who pretends to
sleep
all right tell us about your race
tomorrow
206 miles 9,000 feet of elevation that's
some suit up and down up and down all
right oh yeah 'let oj right woody Jeff
go to job let's our job all right gonna
let let oj support breathing
