eighty-seven there's cookies
I'm back at the park right here with
Fred
I can't resist a piece of food we keep
breaking all the cameras hi Jackson
Jackson's got a little sweetie Noah has
not Vanessa meaty just think but
Jarrod's determined to make Noah like
him so he's winging it over by letting
Jared but it's Jared bring the Vitamix
there's no love violence because that's
my child
violet little crazy man
it's so nice out here though it feels
like follow though I mean still kinda
hot but in the shade of it doll is
wonderful it's so nice you want your
shoes off you just kid ever kick him
again Noah so so you got one of the two
and I'm out of our night so I'm gonna
update you guys I'm just leaving my
friend's baby shower so fun was so good
to see all my old roommates and
after getting lost my friends are
meeting my baby and now she's gonna have
a baby with me make friends with the
baby in there PJ make friends I'm gonna
eat it I'm starving
oh my gosh you guys like oh my gosh it's
so cute in here okay first off you tell
them they're freaking amazing okay
please take the clothes oh this is so
cute
oh my goodness how long it takes to wrap
all those boxes that's how long wow
you're a very good rapper don't know
what they look so good they're better
than all my Christmas presents look
that's so cute
oh I'm gonna wreck everything they just
set up it's so cute Disney theme
feelings obsessed with Disney announced
they're pregnant at Disneyland
oh no they're having a boy both both and
blue juice Moo juice is it a purple
dragon blue drink so cute all you guys
look so pretty and beautiful look at
this face I've missed you guys
mr. guys so that was really fun but they
just it was crazy that a mutase in live
literally across the walkway from my
friend and then she leaned and Curt were
already on their way over to watch the
football game they're like a loose
cannon
oh so funny I just hope I got thanks
because she freaked out it was so great
it was so good to see all of them love
you guys
I was like
I'm pretty sure you should buy one of
these without no thank you very so nice
yes yeah I know I know but friends
living next to each other my friend
lives literally across the walkway from
these lovelies and they're moving in
right next door and then they were
coming over to watch this game yep this
game between the two I'm I kind of guys
for like 15 minutes so she left the
camera on the counter so we're gonna
take her in it what do you say
oh you know go Cougars anyways love your
faces love you guys
okay you don't want to film one else
baby in the womb before he comes you
should do the truffle shuffle bring
myself a shuffle use dance with your
belly so soft
tells us still here to the Malone
survivors of the nations hello I know
right that's why I'm like okay I think a
nap but we want to go home yep I'll
watch PJ yeah I just want your theater
you know I don't
well pretty soon you will be able to you
know see that's a cute face it's good to
see you I know what to do I want to I
want to and I want to move this area you
can so it's very close you know what
that to many of us to any of us treasure
not finished you can leave the Chelsea's
and you can stay here okay well being a
know how to do something bad there you
go huh you say I love you be me in there
be best friends
um that was funny now I'm actually gonna
head down to
a friend Shelby's house because she just
had her baby girl so it'll be really
funny to visit with her now it's been a
fun day seeing so many friends it's been
great I'm just like yes I need to move
down here because so many people are
down here that's good really hi angel
baby
it's Auburn look at that Oh tired eyes
she and you have the same cheeks those
cheeks
oh is he smiling oh hi sweet girl no B
you have a friend you have a little baby
friend oh I just love her just nothing a
little face
there's a cat outside say catch with the
see it's fat like car I think he's
outside
should we open the door well yeah let's
look oh you might die for the microphone
is he there wants to give it again he
already came in once know a lot of men
go back to her
