hey where'd you go guy you went to the
store with whom where'd you go why what
store car wash car wash I'm done because
something came for you sir yeah we also
went and got all the groceries for the
meal plan huh you did deeds applesauce
applesauce we I got all the meals oh my
goodness you're fast you stinker
chocolaty still your stinker we see your
face yeah we see your face oh yeah you
know Chuck adona me and says he did a
little unboxing yes and you're supposed
to wait for me wait come here no let's
wipe your hands up talk about oh well
let's talk about these shoes okay what
do you want don't do it now these are in
the sneaker community there's something
called grails your grills what is your
grills what do you think that means dead
holy grail like the one thing like just
the one thing that everyone wants the
hardest thing to get the Holy Grail each
each person's grill could be something
different someone's grill could be a
pair of keds touching another pair of
vans chocolate I kept girls are
basically the shoe that you just like
want so bad and they're usually really
hard to get and that's why they're your
grills because you have not it's just
hard to get them it's like you won't get
it and then when you get him you're like
I finally got my face you know like them
Hey yeah hmm so these shoes have come
out a couple of times over the years
that they're released and I've never
been able to get them and I would never
pay resale value because that's just
like insane but
do you think I had boys here that's a
shoe she's gonna try to eat that food
what you think do you like him you want
to put him on i bet we could put your
whole leg in that shoe yeah yeah yeah so
anyways if I had a grill for shoes it's
hard to put it on just like one shoe if
I had a top-three though this right here
the jordan band ones red ones however
you want to call him didn't warn them no
no that's how it's the tumbled leather
oh it's a nice look right there I've
been trying to get these for a long time
and they released this last weekend was
it this last weekend yeah and I wasn't
go camp out I was planning on camping
out for some shoes but some plans fell
through actually to have anyone to go
with the campout anymore and I was like
well it's kind of a long drive because I
was not to go to Salt Lake and probably
isn't that safe always to do it by
yourself some people get a little
anxious even here in logan sometimes
people get a little on edge when it
comes to sneakers some of you guys might
be like camping out for sneakers what
are you thinking yeah I was like oh man
that's kind of a selfish decision to
drive out to salt lake tonight there's a
couple pairs that i don't have that I
want and one coming out tomorrow is one
that I really really really really want
that I don't have that I've been wanting
forever but maybe I'll get lucky online
I decided against it I'm gonna stay home
Jen and I are gonna watch stranger
things cuddle have a good nice little
friday night together and like i said
hopefully i get lucky on the raffle I'm
line tomorrow which is nearly impossible
but it might happen in Salt Lake and I
called all the places scheduled it up i
was gonna bring David with me we were to
get him a pair and then sell him so
people wouldn't like that like the
resale but we're gonna try and get him
some money for college and his door well
then he couldn't go and then I decided
not to camp because I was like it's kind
of selfish of me and I don't want to
leave the family behind so I just put
all my hope in two winning the raffle
online and I were you I would
I know some of you guys are rolling your
eyes at me but i love i love sneakers
and i love the bowls i love jordan and
this is a shoe that I've always wanted
so I'm pretty excited today and I asked
Jen before I got him it's like Jen and
I'm actually I sold some stuff on ebay
so that I could you know break Eva did
not spend any of the money so the story
behind these is actually cool because
this is like what really established
Nike as a brand Jordan had these shoes
and every time you wore him they would
find him like ten thousand dollars and
Nike told him just to keep wearing him
so he did and the brand grew from there
on sep tember 15th nike created a
revolutionary new basketball shoe on
october 18th the NBA threw them out of
the game fortunately the NBA can't stop
you from wearing them Air Jordans from
Nike gain traction and it's been crazy
that he used to wear those to play
basketball games I know where the shoot
it is pretty crazy cuz there's not
really much to it no how good is that he
could win in shoes like this well I
didn't want a championship where in
these but he played pretty amazing in
them so sissy what do you think do you
like him so thank you jen love you 1800
oh she wants to eat the laces
hey Noah does that look any different
does his head look any different look at
daddy dude does he look different I am
the captain now does daddy look
different they look like you more no I
think he does I think you look great
it's not even go look nikodem best
haircut it looks real good Jean it is a
test that thing looks a ridiculous it
looks like an a or something like saliva
okay let's see I got my hair cut and I
also have a different mic on the camera
right now because the other mic that I
had I think there was a loose part in it
it was like jiggly so I'm trying to get
that fixed right now I hit up road which
I love love road mics and they said
there and have someone contact me to
have it fixed so I think this Mike
actually might be better for blogging
the other one is more directional it's
better if you're just like trying to
capture sound from one person so let's
see you guys I'm different from behind
now wait so super late hi love you h ow
oh it's my man what's up man oh no other
dead kittens gonna get you it's gonna
get you is go get you is that weird to
look at that it looks like the top
hey we are off to ryan's place park
which as I've mentioned is the best park
in all of the valley that I've
discovered so far but I me what's good
my friend told me about it and it's
awesome so we're to go over there I
think we're gonna go with so the friends
you're with last night what's up and
hear a little girl Chloe and have a good
old time let me see you put your head
back in ojai just see here hi are you a
knight sure laughs a lot oh we have the
princess up there too high up hi hi
Chloe are you an eagle get fire hi
you're the cutest night I've ever seen
you want to try stick your head through
Chloe oh hi all right you like Sofia
Sofia hurt I don't feel oh hi I'm back
you know I did like in that cucumber you
just eat that all day mm-hmm all right
and you'll plan bad guy we got our rice
our beans into meat thank you coming
angry in grapes baseball night sissy
just woke up put on her bumbo although
she doesn't really love her bumbo I'm
gonna turn her a little bit hey go make
you happy this is old chair Oh with my
baseball I I oh yeah no one's gonna
throw me the baseball good job dude
ready--catch oh you think does the right
positioning though sort up higher that's
a heart up higher Oh higher she finally
got her last nap this whole week she has
been missing that last nap and she
finally got it today so happy but only
because we were in the car during nap
time and she fell asleep huh okay i'm
watching you're a really good one Oh
wrong hand wow they're really really
good really okay I'm ready i'm watching
i put up and put onion put on your hand
good job
oh jeez Noah hurtful that's a good only
confirm you as a reference to see oh
good job I'll take high five yeah here's
google it more that I'm not wearing your
balls gonna hit her she just hates the
bumble and now she's entertained she
loves watching salmonella okay throw it
to Daddy a little too close oh dude
you're good at baseball sissy high five
I just can't give a row handsome you
look that haircut oh so close so close
okay there today I'm see throw it whoa I
just something yes it was me up no we
decided to come take a break by sissy
and just hold her hand and talk to her
probably the cutest thing ever me get
her toy for her buddy it fell he's such
a good brother look over you sit down
next to her up and her in her seat in
your toys then you got your hand it's so
cute I was picking your flower oh we or
wheat because I Jason's all our backyard
isn't please just don't let her eat them
I know Sam weeds like every weekend do
it we didn't just grow back
hi
