up close and personal with Penelope what
they like because employees know like
the secret
no best thing you've ever had
whoa
all right
pending out my wife's grandma glasses oh
okay um
drawler Tim started back up this week so
we're gonna head over there and see if
there if it really did start today I
don't know
no one's excited to go so here we go
I'll try to some a little bit while
we're there it just depends hon we had
no children and bout her thumb no I
think I'm gonna jump over to Stefan he's
a lot bigger than he was
inmate cuz hard time and did the end of
May I think he's growing up to now they
have another baby here so it'll be fun
to go and see everyone there's a foam
pit today super messy
but just heaven
no just wants to play the games he
doesn't even want to do Jungle Jim want
to drive the car you driving whatever
keeps me occupied
Oh chip on a toddler time yeah
toddler time was epic it was so good
there were so many kids there but he did
so good no Micah you've grown so much
I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you
you were so nice to everyone
they did big songs reading there are so
many kids there it was so good and I
hope I hope there's still a lot of kids
that go cuz I mean some of them have
will probably stop going in it there
won't be as many but it was so fun it
was awesome
and it's songs and reading again then
they had a whole room of activities and
foam I got one little clip in there it
was really hard cuz I saw so many kids I
don't want to like film dad their kids
yeah and then we did bubbles and danced
in the light and then did the jungle gym
and it was very very hard to get him to
leave but he did not fight me in the car
seat which was a plus he was doing so
well he's been such a good boy huh this
girl is so tired look at her face she's
like oh gosh
I was talking to Cammie um when my
friends that goes there and she's
actually watches the video so candy was
good to see you she we were just talking
at how amazing our second children have
been because like they don't get a
schedule really you know she kind of pj
just has to go with the flow because the
first child gets the schedule and the
activities that they have to go to to
keep them occupied and entertained and
she kind of just goes with the flow and
is so good aren't you but now you need a
nap and I'm kind of grateful like she
slept through the night for the first
time last night you did have you slept
through the whole night you did it was
so good and I was like woke up and like
why do I hurt so bad and it's because
you still doing it and it was awesome it
was awesome she is so sweet she's so
ready for net hold on get around yes so
that was great and then she woke up and
was awake for just like a little bit
like maybe a half hour and I just like
later on the bed next mean cuz she over
it like seven and then she went back to
sleep until like nine nine thirty maybe
which was so good alright
this air down dude my stash just looking
good
I've been termina time in maintaining it
no it looks like a cow it's definitely
gotten dirtier by the day but hi Jen
where we going
David's with us he came in snapbacks he
likes to stop by like once a week only
once a week
it should be like every like name but
it's not dump these graces with this
present so we were gonna go get fun
drinks cuz no avoid cottages nap today
you couldn't tell he's in the backseat
when you should be asleep right now it's
always like once a week he decides like
and now no thanks I'm not gonna take a
nap so hopefully it's just today and not
the rest of the week that naps are over
forever because I don't cry anyway we're
gonna go this week because their drinks
are delicious yeah apparently it's not
about the sonic game anymore it's all
about this place called swig no sonic
chugs I heard is like super over it but
yeah sonic apparently is like really
good like oh my god I said so that's
what I'm saying it used to be Sonic and
now everyone's all happy about it
oh my gosh see that Caroline swag right
out of my hands like it right there -
well started in southern looking at
Provo area I guess
as much and then they came up here
randomly people are obsessed fit well I
love these functions only thing is I
wish they'd stayed carbonated because
once you add cream and you add soda
thrive oh this spray it's not like it's
a lot anymore but it still tastes
delicious it's so good so oh that's so
weird
okay I guess we'll just have to see how
it is when we get I like stuff to the
drinks okay I'll pick like root beer and
they're like oh hey you want some orange
in that and keep swinging it keeps
Wiggin it you just keep on Saul you
music everyone loves cookies they give
it soda and a cookie but that's just too
much sugar for me yeah I see I've been
I've been getting really affected by
sugar lately as well I don't know what
it is like no it doesn't give me a hyper
it like no yeah I've been getting like
really like sugar headaches so I've been
trying to drink less soda that's but I
guess today is a splurged a true tree I
was confused for a second so we've
pulled up to this to this like they're
like drive-in kiosk and it said please
pull forward and so we pulled to the
forward to the window and she was like
yo wait I don't know what this is like
same with the mountain do something okay
Ramsay Street and dr. pepper is so good
whoa coconut vanilla dr. pepper Oh peach
coconut dr. pepper what oh my goodness
peach strawberry watermelon sprite I
mean yeah I can definitely get soda here
oh yeah bring jism I want to know like
what's in everything the swig break Wow
coconut Powerade Mountain Dew honestly
my go-to thing for places that I've
never gone is asking the person at the
front what they like because employees
know like the secret
like I love when people ask me what to
eat it all up guard I'm like huh we got
you I got you
wait um I'm gonna oh shoot offer other
sizes look that's 20 ground today
nothing got the very big one with 132 is
the next thing is the 44 is the big uns
32 stop it I love her hair Jen Malibu's
good taste I could read I can have
they're going with the with the endless
summer it's a day just think it's that
just think of Mountain Dew
no best thing you've ever had
whoa wow what's the word come on
that's a bomb yes yeah we do thank you
what'd you say I said that was a bomb
seriously super freaking good ears know
what is it good yeah you like it
strawberry lemonade yo Wow in the summer
I'm missing the raspberry they should
just turn dr. pepper yeah but you can
dent like coat that's coconut dr. pepper
that's good that's really it's super
interesting because you wouldn't really
think of mixing like flavors like that
and soda
hello that she sits up now no look at
this he's playing with you she's getting
big enough that's right as you say hello
she had set up now oh she can't up she
just keeps staring at David like he is
like an alien
who is this loud manis admiring well
yeah nasty mustache ah the bumps his
rash bumps that are gonna stay for the
rest of his life they're kind of blowing
away now it's getting cooler as well but
it's coming weird because they showed up
last winter so interesting but they're
kind of going away okay good
oh she's gonna try eat you focus then
camera there we go here good
beeping oh that gets me a footballer's
juice on your face I'm gonna laughs
laughs oh my gosh no
are you okay I missed it he just went
steak Oh like straight down
Anjan go see if he's okay you Kapler
what's going on here what's going on
here
these guys are crazy these guys are
crazy I'm gonna put something in Italian
poor hair looks crazy and men in black
50 give him kisses she wants the Train
give him kisses dizzy hey just be gentle
around her buddy gentle oh I'm in on
this sets out on the group
group hug oh you're sweet
oh that's a bright Sun we are currently
on our way to the park to have dinner
don't think yeah this is so great yeah
half of that new play engine well this
one literally calculating who knew about
before that's right
you're right we didn't know about this
last night last night but only cause I
thought my flat was lacking anyway
Brina House of Indian food in the park
that's a fair place to have any good
presidents not the best I could say here
is so great right so it's gonna be fun
I pick it up and turn up and if you have
a juice in there right now
there was back there that I almost never
thought you were gonna hit really yeah
just now no back there but he wasn't was
like the side of the road oh yeah put
those shades on better put those shades
on
oh yeah you're cute with sunglasses hey
go get Chloe a hug again book overhead
yeah by gentle gentle hug look his face
look at his smiling face my daughter
Oh her teen England give her a hug his
face right now dad select gentle a
gentle hug oh give her a hug give
another hug
okay she's open she's ready for the hug
now on she wants aha he's ready for it
okay Greg Oh where's his face he's like
looking clean it's her dad watching Oh
cute baby
they're just posing you know give her a
kiss on the cheek an air kiss Oh get
away no the kiss oh my gosh oh my
goodness that was a cute thing I've ever
seen in my life
no no I've never been so willing to give
someone a kiss ever yeah yeah
Wow with my daughter you've got game
dude yeah him he used to trouble trouble
oh goodness no I hope she's more timid
won't you so crazy
whoa how would that interview time first
kill no one how was it alright so she's
having some more food tonight and she's
sucked through the net last night no
could have been because she was nice and
full and no is helping cleaning face
good job buddy
yeah is that in her face okay oh yeah
look at you first
you being soft oh wow careful careful
careful
do you want to try some saucy cheese
it's called squash you should try some
keep your finger just my mouth forget my
really fun else works I'm like your Unni
right there the whole time
yeah can you go in there awesome good
job yeah of course I missed my
opportunity and Sam's outside so he
couldn't get me the camera you like no
cuz you're so cute there's a happy
when she wakes up and she gets so
excited when she notes I'm getting her
ready for bed like if I laid on the bed
you know the mimic the lotion or
whatever I think it's one of my very
favorite things about her scrunch no
smile oh good good Geno's skin to
nothing you smile okay now of course but
she does it she's like well scrunch your
nose and I'm like yes something that
makes her look like me a little bit
because I scrunch my nose when I laughed
really hard and smile really really big
like it's like you know like no scratch
anyway she does that usually she just
did like the whole time I was laughing
with her hey no that one's daddy ah look
at her so Wiggly right now
this is her exhausted I'm gonna go crazy
look like 1d hi hi you're so happy
let's see if you see any peace coming
let's see focus well enough to come on
keep your mouth open
hi boo boo before she not baby boo the
camera let me eat him mom
up close and personal with Penelope up
close in person no no oh I love you I
love you I love you
there's the nose scrunch of course
without thought I know you
