we've been camping out pretty excited
about this
Jenna's actually at an Institute class
she's at like a little scripture class
and you're allowed to bring kids with
you she wanted to bring Noah and
Penelope but I was like I can't miss the
trash truck so she was Penelope with her
and she's with some other moms which is
pretty cool
would you wake up excited Suzie's at
church
nothing yet
hmmm let's see what we got in this box
in a while since we've done a taste test
unboxing today we are unboxing this
great box from Nets calm we're more than
just nuts
I actually picked five things and let's
see how this goes
go ahead we're nuts take a peek inside
keep going you can't stop now it's just
it's just nuts in any closet packaging a
plus packaging so far is an answer I
believe it says thanks a bushel ah can
you see that invisible peanuts that's it
ingredients yeah okay let's take a look
here
southern heat mix picks out some things
I thought you'd like to vegetable chance
well you two like legit vegetables like
peas why are you excited try those
there's like peas and everything in
there see those pistachios
dried apricot I love roasted cashews Wow
got some fruit I got some veggies some
chips oh she's a packaging right there
free options which is huge in our family
because we have coke this is like a
premium I always build let go fancy okay
know which one should we try first do
you want to try it first okay so here's
the only thing I'm gonna put a link to
each product in the description so if
there's one that you think looks tasty
you want to try it yourself you can
click on that drink link I like put them
on there okay yeah so are they brother a
whole bunch of pops yes those ones
specifically okay look a little scary
mmm
dad that tries one will you like those
are good
mm-hmm sometimes when you get a pasty
yeah they're like flat very plump little
bite gonna like it it's funny cuz he's
select ripe fruit and like raisins and
now he's like yeah chips
oh no why you always say that about
beans oh yeah these veggie tips are
really good kind of like sweet you know
I would say they're like salty I mean
perfect yes okay I know you're gonna
love these no shoes are my favorite not
cashews remind me of my grandmother in
tests they always had like a bowl of
nuts chopped and cashews pistachios
that's really how I got into like
enjoying all this stuff mmm yummy
delicious big bag - what's on there that
peanut man who's that guy you like these
- lets see these are the roasted
pistachios yeah we got the unsalted
version actually really like one you
always steal those from me
listen when you want one Noah I'm not
gonna give you one tonight n first show
and lastly southern heat news these are
spicy no I was about to say the same
thing that is my jam right there whoa
that has like a very surprised which one
whoa okay if you like anything like this
you like it - this is so good this other
heat mix if you like any kind of spice
or seasoning it's just really good
flavor licious a see for you but not for
us
whoa if I were to tell you to try which
I've always which one to try it would be
this one Wow saying you didn't like and
I really like it it tastes like the same
better this has been our unboxing if you
guys want to try any of the stuff out
and I put a link in the description
where you can go too nuts calm if you
get an SI come / Samak I believe and you
spend $25 or more you'll get for free
little items by then so that's pretty
cool this was super easy they delivered
it straight to my door there's over
3,000 different options that you can
choose from stock your pantry and you
could literally stock your entire house
let justice product so thank you nuts
comm for supporting our channel we love
you guys we love this food it's amazing
guys go check it out
if you liked anything did you like it
boo you're supposed to do it with me I'm
leaving to to edit where's the baby I'm
kicking nobody get a haircut
right he freaks out rego so they're
gonna stay same to watch and hang out
with the baby while he finishes editing
when she gets home Racine and I'm gonna
take this little man ready to go on a
date
haircut he doesn't really want to but
she doesn't remember that it's not
painful like last time you did really
really well so I told him that if he
does well again because we very rarely
get haircuts he get surprised which will
probably just be a popsicle when we get
home but to him that's right so why does
this look like it's twisted weird okay
so let's go through your haircut buddy
yo what's up girl hey how you doing just
chilling my girl right now do you say
what's up to everybody hey I have a kiss
make you laugh yeah I think I can
cuz you okay look you look so good he
did awesome you guys this was even
better than the last one he did you got
a sucker a blue sucker yeah you look
like such a big boy now you got mom Sara
okay wait come here and wait for dad to
respond what they do how they cut your
hair yeah I didn't do that huh well it's
so you you look so handsome - he is
reactive is that haircut he wants to see
you really bad well I've got to put some
product in it yeah you did a good job
what are you doing oh you got it looks
so nice I'm getting my hair cut tomorrow
yep saying how great of hair he had you
want to come with me to my haircut and
make sure everything goes well we did
get some pizza what happens meal plan
and then you get hungry and then your
hair cook place right next to the pizza
place and I just thought like I was
gonna pass out so I just come on come on
out let's go eat pizza before daddy goes
to church
yeah then he has to go to church stay
with the kids yeah with the youth hey
why are you sitting you know what does
he do food she ate her first container
of food what she does yeah you did you
did it without gagging you only got one
Sam was on the other side making her
laugh like that
yay yay Pizza boy the cute bigger cut hi
cute one of my best friends Shelby had
her baby how'd she so cute and she has
strawberry red hair um and I'm just
dying she's adorable
she is so cute just so much hair like PJ
did and she's just a little squishy you
forget already like seen PJ five months
old
you forget after it for a minute oh gosh
no I was really going to the neighbor's
house to play that Oh Jason she started
you started out so Nana now you're big
who did you pick five month old baby
there exactly someone's apart today
mm-hmm yep she she was born every day
which was the fifth that's PJ's with it
I know right on Labor Day Warren on
Labor Day well what color is that
popsicle what white is white oh my
goodness you're so smart do a card this
is red high seating baby oh you got some
hair oh my gosh the one bad thing about
my hair just falling out and falling out
is that it gets everywhere it's like I'm
pulling it out of her mouth I've nose
other diapers like it just gets
everywhere it's like disgusting I hate
it this girl the haircut who's King
Noah's hair so there's this shampoo I
already threw out a name that's supposed
to help stop the fallout doesn't help a
girl back any faster but helps stop the
follow up I cannot remember it's called
good salons and stuff but they didn't
sell they're shedding kidney hi
but we'll just have to get in bed early
hostas you're so tired now we're in
chill mode wait outside for almost two
hours probably maybe an hour and a half
it's fun the neighborhood kids are all
out and so Noah loves to go and try to
play with them prefer there's just one
one boy who just
like Noah playing with them the rest are
pretty good they're just one boy who is
just like no no okay down good mom hi
he's the monster like they make him look
like he makes no I like the monster and
then he was trying to like like pretend
blast know of something so then Noah
starts blasting and it's just like oh
come on can we all just be friends and
not have to shoe anyone I don't like no
one pretending to shoot people with
blasters or whatever they hire but
anyway he had a good time that little
boy decided to go over the net was kind
of anyway
wait chilling gosh also good news my
friend Raquel and my best friends who I
grew up with gotten gay I'm so
excited oh my gosh I'm sorry just you
just you there you go okay is that
better
nothing makes like nothing will soothe
the ache of the teeth I wish they've cut
already I just wanted to cut it so bad
oh yeah I know your sissy just woke up
off every tubby
