there's one tangible physical item that
Jen wants more than anything else in
life it is a pair of Tiffany everything
you know what it's a house in that
process we were wondering hmmm should we
live in one of thy cities what do we
feel like let's feel it out you know
like really kind of feel out whether
this is the right place to live and what
do you think added any of Mecca
happy labor day he's a labor day good
I'll ask you guys our neighbors who have
given Noah lots of little like toys
before like transformers and stuff just
came over last night and give us their
freaking awesome wagon oh my gosh I'm
dying I was dying I was so freaking
excited I've always wanted to get a
wagon for Noah and Penelope I was like
are you serious you're serious Tina gave
me this wagon cousin amazing condition
so nice there's all cupholders it seats
with little buckles and since she's
getting bigger able to sit up now she
can even sit in there I might hold her
though if I take noah farther just cuz i
don't want to worry about her but yes
it's freaking I'm all mush I was so
excited they look so cute in there
together you look so cute in the wagon
yeah look how cute you guys are so cute
look at her little arm hanging on Noah
has decided to pull the wagon but this
is string tied she wants to eat the
wagon you just think I've ever seen in
my life look her she's just chillin hey
guys I just mooch in here we're actually
going to tails house today huh oh that's
cute little flower nice i think these
seeds come down to and you can use like
a regular wagon what i was going to say
was that um Sam ran into Bryson tails
older brother and his wife Krista store
today in there having a little barbecue
tonight so we're gonna head over there
for fun and food and it's really crazy
guys the Sun soar into sent earlier it
feels kind of like fall today it's like
darker and cooler that's nice hi and
what do you think
any of that go no like that's what we're
supposed to be yeah I mean we definitely
want to be closer to family we do really
but we didn't feel like oh let's meet
Dylan huh I didn't feel like all let's
move to New York or let's move to
Kentucky let's move to California like
none of those really feel like this
don't get a huge meeting of prompting
for that yeah so if I had to bet and
based on where we've been looking just
online for houses i would guess we're
gonna move back to the Salt Lake City
area right and I'd say we're gonna move
by March time next year we for sure I
think oh yeah Jen would move tomorrow
but you know you have to be make good
financial decisions plus we have our
lease here and I'm sure like we could
sell it but like we want to make the
right decision so yeah we've started to
look at places and we're not looking to
have anything crazy and extravagant no
no no but like we want to get a nice
place for the family I mean somewhere we
could be for what yes I definitely want
I just want name that I love jen once
also to have it yeah a nice place like
rib the kids can hang out and play I
alone around we're up so much in Vista
California I loved it loved it loved
either it was such a fun childhood and I
just want that for my kids like I want
to have a fun neighborhood where they
count the best friends mmm hey come on
let's go together you know just so but
that's yet the search and try to eat on
general is like a pretty safe place and
just kind of pretty low key I mean it
doesn't mean you should go to sleep with
your doors unlocked eglonsby data so we
are leaning towards like salt lake salt
lake area we have so many friends that
have since moved back to Salt Lake after
graduating college here and other
friends that we've made through YouTube
so right I think we're pretty excited
about that
which is kind of funny because neither
one of us ever thought we would live in
Utah yeah and Mike we both kind of feel
like salt lake area is probably like the
place for us right all right so it's not
a definitive I think Noah's freedom son
she hates baby food but she just wants
to eat like human adult food so I still
have bought baby food and I try to make
her eat some of it here and there but
drink for her to turn six months and
then i'll just start people seeing her
in here and there you go way way
straight yourself yeah so that's kind of
like where we're at right now and how we
feel we're gonna look and do research
and figure things out yeah we've been
doing some things we want to include you
guys on all of that and if we go and
look at places like will definitely make
that part of our blogs yeah so I'm
excited too because i feel like the
youtube community is really fun and
thriving in salt lake area there's a
youtube nation group utah youtube nation
and just different opportunities that I
think would help me continue to like
have fun and you know hope people out
that need help do fun things together
and so I think it's exciting I mean we
would literally go tomorrow if we could
write to we still feel like me too yeah
wait a little bit long we're crazy we
just want I just I'm yearning for
something more permanent you know
something that's just like ours I not to
worry if Noah like puts a little scratch
on the wall or whatever email so we're
excited new things ahead good things are
coming up we're excited so it should be
good very funny everything is a surprise
is the one relate to yeah yeah surprise
along the way Oh
yes surprises along the way but no I'm
pregnant is not so we'll talk more about
that in the future and coming up and
even tomorrow if you guys weren't
talking more about that I feel like I
just had a thought that last night that
we should do a little like QA like just
have people on Twitter tweet us
questions or comments we could even knew
we haven't done a lot of hangout know a
lot of things we haven't done in a while
that makes me sad I want to get back to
that yeah so I think we'll do something
like a live hangout QA whatever you guys
give us what you what you what kind of
want from us if you have more questions
or whatever yeah you know all right and
Jen might even open up and talk about
other things that she wants to talk
about well I filmed a whole bunch about
it last night and I deleted all the clip
what okay that's a whole nother
discussion oh wait I need the right
music nature to our blog oh goodness
sans that are you stranger things kick
music wise Oh bumpy
oh we're off and Ron to do some greater
thing no
we're a happy labor day we're getting
tail and drive to have a BBQ awesomer
that's a good oh they're both loving it
actually reduced tires should mr. lost
now Christmas future no boot juice hmm
nope deuce coupe keys toot hoot family
recipe uh you want to know the recipe we
can follow Trish's vlog oh my god
detective did she texted me today and
was like the silica should start a
family vlog on genesis a popinjay you
choose baby by Gibson
replay replay replay wait ready damn
good no deeper victory at home come on
bounce off the roof and then into his
money right now dance your dance neva Oh
everyone everyone I meant like this
video if you want Trish to start a
vlogging channel yeah would it be called
she said she texted me saying family and
then she says the jail
hope you join the party doing a little
skateboard right now okay
