hi I give you that blankie
give me a thank you oh wow hi good
morning you excited to be awake yeah
yeah and continued jammies I love you I
love you guys she does this every single
morning or any time she makes her
Wow a little back
No did you fall good thing years still
healthy and safe we have him in love you
just be careful good morning happy hi
did you just wake up for my little nappy
yeah yeah that's so funny that all of
her hair is on this side of her head she
has like zero hair on this side of her
head it's really funny to me she's cute
I actually got ready today got a shower
got makeup on I'm really proud of myself
because lately I have not been doing
makeup okay I want to see my cute he
always says that he's like yeah I want
to hold her and then he's like oh wait
I'm done I'm done after one second this
hair is just do I need to like make some
more go the other way or something I
just go where her part goes I mean her
little part back here let's go this way
and have all the hair on this side of
her head okay okay
from this side okay she is like a mop a
mop of hair so just normal baby hair
this is her party side this is her
clean-cut side today I don't know why it
looks just so funny oh my gosh look at
that
your hair is out of control in this kid
speaking of hair needs a haircut you
need a haircut
he's scared again though cuz he haven't
done it yeah that's what we're gonna do
we go right now
yeah no remember the girl was so nice to
you you don't wanna get your hair cut
oh I just love her though
hi cute girl last night we hung out well
dad no went to the football game it was
really fun
Jeff I have a football game yeah oh yeah
you like your football shirt he loves
his the flusher one more thing
Sam and I jumped on the bandwagon of
stranger things last night and I totally
when everyone was like talking about
stranger things stranger things ranging
for some nights I thought it was like
episodes not like a series no sorry not
like a show I thought it was like
strange that you know like strange
addictions you know like strange things
people do that's what I thought like
stranger things was or like just strange
things like alien-esque things that
happen around the world or something I
don't know I don't know what it was was
an actual series and I can see how it
gets like addicting because every
episode ends with a cliffhanger and
you're like oh no we need to watch the
next one now we need to watch the next
one okay
it's kind of jumpy and it's very
suspenseful and we just love that psych
based in what would you say like the 70s
probably I was want to say 70s I'm not
really sure
the decor looks very 70s to me but I
could be wrong maybe 80s I don't know
anyway um I love that book at all I love
all the orange and floral stuff inside
the houses it's awesome and the
characters are really good we were only
on Episode three so we're kind of or
behind guys everyone is like done the
first season but I guess I got a season
two so that's kind of exciting for them
but yeah we we are doing it we stayed up
a little too late watching it last night
cuz we got hooked although I shouldn't
watch it at night
I have to get up in the dark and feed
the baby and my mind just wanders - Oh
scary stuff
booth undershirt doors but storage or
hanging a bike it's pretty cool you
ready laughs Oh slobber very good take
it somebody someone found a sissy's
tutus
he's been playing with them saying that
he is a butterfly and stuff battling me
with them you want to put on around your
waist the right way actually might not
fit you it's for a baby here put your
legs in
I gotta find I can put it right now
here's the we look like a clown or a
Hawaiian hula dancer or some some thing
guy named enough update on James phone
oh yeah no kidding from no but I had to
pay for gonna buttload for it and then
about an otterbox so if it breaks at
this Otterbox case on end about tempered
glass like they're in session I've had
him for glass and it broke shattered and
it broke the my phone on me
September class doesn't work for me
there's a small percentage Ryan doesn't
yeah but this has like a plastic case
and then it has like a plastic cover
over it so hopefully I don't know I
haven't dropped yet to knock on wood
what stays that way
well we went to the pool but you never
know because I didn't film anything so
you weren't there long enough see even
so many yeah wait who's afraid of the
camera which one of you but you'd never
know it because there's a lot of kids
there though these two crazies it's a
grasshopper
hey don't cross the street don't cross
the street wait for Mom
she has been so mellow today sometimes
when she's like super well it kind of
freaks me out because I'm not used to it
she's just a royal observer she just
wants to watch no it's the loud one and
she just watches and be crazy huh but
sometimes she's so quiet I'm like why
are you thinking about I think she's
kind of me I'm a thinker more sometimes
I feel like PJ has the moms hair from
Brady Bunch
because she kind of had a mullet on that
Sheldon she kind of like had hair come
down here and she had the hair here not
today of course cuz she's a pigtail but
most days I'm like you have Brady Bunch
air we're gonna help me spread around
the sauce okay we're doing one Alfredo
so you guys look at this you spread it
around okay
perfect keep going nice and open
why not Fredo pizza let me make this
half pepperoni babe yeah and the cheese
okay why don't we let the cheese my mom
said that uh she used to make pizzas
with us like we used to do a little
personal pizza hey guys oh good just for
keeps pickling it and she said that we
loved it and had so much fun closer
good you guys can go all over the pizza
mix keep some more okay
open by defendants I'll eat more cheese
and hate him watch it you can see from
this bag of you cheese we put pepperonis
on one half of it okay and mom just
likes cheese pizza okay that's enough
cheese do
whoa
pepperoni you say pepperoni and me okay
okay let's do that mother
you make a beautiful yeah is it in the
oven man
well cheese you could cook Grammy yeah
hot dog you know I've been sitting in
our city give a pillow here just in case
of ten people huh you're doing a good
job sitting let's see what let's see
your hair oh you are so cute oh yeah
what about this what's this
teaching you that mmm good oh hi just oh
I'd rather play a dad than this all
right you later
no it looks pretty good okay Noah so
how's the pizza yeah gene let me do a
good job yeah yeah do you do you love it
Oh pizza nice well good job
your little chef looks good
it's new food time let's try some banana
I feel like I can hear you
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry hmm
seriously it's not been anything yet the
little samples that she's gotten of Noah
