and everyone's gone it's really sad it's
so quiet in here now and usually my
house is not quiet even with just my two
but it's really sad everyone's just gone
back home my mom and Andrew left at like
5:00 this morning or something to get
back to California and she's trying to
eat these oranges with no hands to get
it use your hand anyway today Sam Noah
are actually going to the Utah State a
game which is really fun they're in
their ballgame and they're playing in
Arizona and it's like only an hour away
and something's like I gotta go I was
like of course you do so they're gonna
do that weird thing about all going but
this little one she's still not in her
best spirit we're gonna be doing sailing
drops today my ceiling looks gray I
forgot I had that we should've been
doing that since last week but that's
okay so I'm gonna be doing that I mean
sisters just gonna have a mellow relaxed
we get free coop today no not today I've
got laundry going although my mom bless
her helped me so much she did was doing
loads of laundry after each person left
so I have like no bedding to do except
for one bed which I was so grateful for
and she folded it all and put all like
the towels and sheets everything aways
that was so helpful Oh God did you have
a fun Christmas did you like being with
family
come back with app for the other foot
here's once ever to come back for
another Christmas two years
yo where we headed football go Aggies go
ed to Tucson let's go baby all right we
made it to Tucson we're headed to the
game right now we just went to the
bathroom in the library which is
interesting what do you think cool yeah
do you hear that it's a it's interesting
being on another college campus though
cuz like that's their little cafe and I
just think about my time in college so
good all right let's go buddy say go
Aggies
it's a beautiful 81 degrees and we are
about to go into the stadium I have not
seen that many Utah State Aggies fans on
the New Mexico State
Mia Noah we will hold down the fort
yo you have a fun man what you got ice
cream that makes any of them good you're
nothing but you are
all right heartbreaking loss Noah did
you have fun though yeah who won
yes dad you did win just not Baggies we
were hoping for it we had a bus there's
a lot of fun and we even got a goodie
bag from some people hello showers later
PJ took a really good nap which is great
because yesterday she did not pick it up
which was not so great which is very
pretty intact
oh so I might as well do might as well
do a little mini bump date update I'm 16
and a half weeks I'll be 17 on Monday so
16 and a half weeks pregnant definitely
still got just a little bump
nothing crazy although I need to get
some more pants because pants I'm
wearing have my elastic band holding
them together and that's gonna do great
and the other pair of maternity pants I
have have holes in these you know it's
just how I bought them with those and
these but kind of want you to pay
without holes oh and I like the band my
the parent has exes the pair I have now
it's just like the band that go stretch
of parts out the waist and I'm really
kind of like the band that goes up over
my belly it makes me feel like we're
pants staying up so I need a good pair
because oh yeah I'm feeling really good
I'm still pretty tired although I feel
like I've been pretty good especially
with all the family that was in town so
I was actually feeling pretty good
doing pretty good this past week that
one was here still a little tired though
you know I've been feeling bit of that
like the second trimester like get a
little bit of a pep in my step back
which is really nice I've been so tired
so hopefully I'll have energy to like
reclaim my house get things back in
order and take down Christmas which is
so sad but I'm gonna take down Christmas
and celebrate the new year we're just
crazy Sam and I have been married for
seven years such as crazy
two and a half babies in seven years and
uh yeah life is good it's so sad having
to take down Chris
I'm currently walking by all these
divided Christmas wait it's really
sad
I love December it's so fun let's see
what else is here has in store for us
I'm planning on getting into a little
bit better shape starting in January
when my goals get a little bit more
active this this pregnancy kind of
knocked about my butt which I was not
expecting I mean we kind of expect to
feel sick and stuff but this one like
this little baby has wiped me out plus
taking care of the other two so I've
fallen off the wagon but I'm gonna
really work hard on feeling good before
this baby comes it's that way I can
bounce back quick after not quick you
want to me and just like I feel like I
personally if I like I'm staying healthy
and fit during my pregnancy it just
makes me feel better
my house is starting to look normal
again
and clean got the table and chairs down
I cleaned up the living space a little
bit this chair will eventually be in our
room when the baby comes but right now
it's just worked out as good seating I
need to fix the chairs I was just
leaving space to vacuum haven't started
any of the Christmas stuff gonna do that
next week and got vacuumed mopped up a
bit PJ relaxed still that's not nice
goodness so she's just hot we've had a
very chill day now I kind of there's a
lot of food in the fridge that just I
don't know it needs it's done and needs
to go bye-bye but I think Oh what is it
weird to wait and just like leave it in
the fridge until our next trash day in a
week or two just bag it up and let it
stink outside it was fun having everyone
here was a really fun person
I would think you can have it in this
hand it's a really fun Christmas but
salmon no I've had a good time at the
game I've been keeping tabs them then I
decided to get crafting a little bin for
all the art supplies because we have
accumulated quite a bit maybe we have a
little artist on our hands we'll see huh
she loves markers the best but they also
are the messiest and get dried out the
fastest oh sorry I will turn the head
and also have to get all the caps off
for her although she's getting much
better at getting the caps off herself
good job
okay you get the caps out do you want
beauty shop are you drawing daddy
cats off okay markers have such a more
vibrant look on paper beautiful I love
it you show me colors
what are you coloring don't push too
hard you're gonna break them again
should I used to push them real hard
ah you're okay just come on your paper
do you like that color that's orange
it's the orange
but what do these mean to you my wedding
colors
