oh you filming was it like Noah cam oh
wait a jit filming right now first ago
you got me dinner so today we are going
to the Aggie football game but the only
thing is is it's just gonna be me and
Noah actually Oh No wants to show you a
shirt he was really excited about that
we each picked up hoodie
3t
do you like this one take that way I
look at it open it up wow it's like
mommy's awesome g3t yeah do you love it
Noah you I didn't football Hey look oh
my god so we just went and picked out a
shirt for Noah can you pick it out there
aren't too many options but he likes
because it looks just like man well yeah
and we were planning on going to the
game together with the seating situation
is a little different this year my
great-aunt usually has this big box but
they kind of mix it up this year because
they built this whole new section of the
stadium which I showed you when I get
there but we're actually not going to be
able to sit in there today probably and
possibly we'll be able to sit there in
other games because there's limited
seating now so Jenna the baby you're
gonna I mean i sat inside yes I'm gonna
stay home and just enjoy some quiet felt
kind of bad so yeah we went got you to
solace in company oh my gosh excited and
no and I are gonna eat at the games
because it helps him sit there like he
loves the game but he also loves running
around and taking everything in yes
snacks bullet through to the game then
he's happy yeah I'm excited for you guys
I think you'll be better if it's just
you to heal really enjoy being in jail I
hope so I hope yes fun oh he'll have so
much fun yeah I think the neighbors have
bubbles out so he's doing that right now
I also feel bad because uh playlist live
DC is this weekend and there are a lot
of you that I met their last year and I
was like next year I'll have gin here
with me and Noah and I knew we were
pregnant with PJ then I think people
like when you guys have another baby is
like I you never know maybe next to us
i'm lovin but we're not there this year
so sorry guys maybe the next time i know
there are a lot of you that I loved
meeting and I want to Jen to meet his
wife no I've never been to DC but every
day no fruit bro one day we'll go hey
that so yeah we're going to get ready to
go to the game and also apologies about
the camera this you see spot jizz
sometimes especially when around the
light because our other cameras getting
fixed still so ready to go you ready
Noah where we going bud football ok yeah
I get mommy a hug sure give mommy a hug
goodbye you know why oh okay Noah she's
sleeping yeah hey you be good for daddy
okay yeah we gonna have fun we have fun
give me a high five hey what do we what
do we say when they scored touchdown
scorers dang it I gave it away there
were like Sophie people at noodles and
places like big 10 workers came up to
know cuz he saw him good a shirt like
outside I put it on and she was like
talking to him just like so excited for
him where'd you gonna find it I just
next door Locker 42 okay and there's a
lot of people out there sure it sound
like this too and he's like football run
the football game too so yeah he's our
experience yeah really certain to you
know its new with kids man it's crazy
love you I'm sure you're coming you do
16 for as long as I can remember even
parking over here and I can always tell
how full the stadium is gonna be by how
many cars are here and it looks like
it's me a pretty good crowd ready you
ready to party yeah are we going well
football game hi touchdown you say hike
and touchdown oh wait I'm even now he
and you're like say hi Wow headed to the
football game first game of the season
No
I'm excited
the award
bears are gonna run out right there
Oh
Oh
Oh Adam Eden
on it I hi padosi we got it
first goal asked to change our mind
well that's a wrap on the game when we
were leaving in its forty five to six as
the first time I've ever loved a game
early
about seven minutes left thirty nine
o'clock so gotta get this guy to pitch a
GF on them
can you give me a hug
there's fire that's how you can talk
about was when the players came out
there was fire what else was there
football touchdowns and hike okay he can
hear the crowd stuff huh kids go tell
mommy about it why oh there's only one
thing that he can talked about what why
the water why you want it I'm y4y fire
today's you fire huh in the football
team ran outside ah I'm so much fine
yeah you've got chocolate on your mouth
let me get ice cream dad you're spoken
for and you see the past your bedtimes
you have for my daddy yeah did you miss
mommy though yeah yeah you did you want
fire what water okay look know what else
did you see it the game football what do
they win yeah did they yeah hey boy
we're kind of 6 we left a couple minutes
early oh did you what else did you see
did you cry a little bit yeah you cried
a little bit okay big blue did he scare
you yeah you just kind of screamed and
yelled for about five seconds never has
really do pics with big blue and he was
freaking out to ya boo boos co scared ya
know it did you what about touchdowns
and stuff were there any touchdowns
would you do when they scored this and
what else no I remember remember
remember first down first oh it's
bedtime oh yeah water no what'd you have
for dinner like that hot dog what else
did you have got what water what else
would treat did you get her
what used to get ice cream ice cream
what else Jim did you have some pervert
yeah I popcorn too oh my god kind of a
junk food night hot dogs popcorn ice
cream that mean that he was sitting you
that the whole day no do you have a mile
yeah I mean no not really but there's
we're sitting next to much of other kids
there was a group of like a family with
kids every cent next to that so it's
always kind of relieving so you have to
worry about like bothering anyone else
some people stole my kids their kids
like we're running in jest me and Noah
they're like kept apologizing as I huh
yes last person you'd apologize to also
there's a viewer that uh recognized us
from behind I think it was Rachel she
just moved to hear from Vermont wow so
school um I don't know so was her first
football game no it was a little shy
though right bud but Rachel thanks for
saying hi and we had a great night at
the game how was your night oh great
mean good you just hung out play just
really hung out and watch TV together I
had netflix hey no you wanted just the
gymnastic movies uh yeah
oh that's a good angle oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah
