good morning we both woke up with the
same hairstyle today yep hers is just a
little bit later than mine wouldn't you
say when TCA huh
Jenna's currently am working out she's
going for a run with Noah and I am with
the baby we're bonding spending good
quality time together
isn't that right how do you feel about
today last couple days of warm weather
here we gotta take him in right just
yeah I know okay
Oh eighty are you about to poop on my
lap girl
okay we're at a new park today Stacie
texted me and asked me if I wanted to
come like yeah let's go to the park so
we are a new place in a neighboring City
a little won't stick around
that's a way anyway I'm excited max are
you over here I like it we're so close
to the mountains we'll check it out okay
this park is awesome it does look very
like the same type of build as our other
Park featherbrook we go to but it's like
so much cooler the huge castle -
spaceship are you dragging a boat car
agent a boat workshop would have known
about this Park all summer goodness this
is awesome you got it oh hang from it
hang from it
let's see you try Noah whoa good job
oh that the mr. Oh Oh some it's a mr.
Noah it gets you wet it's water go in
there go in there
go push the button Sam go push the
button
oh no wake up baby
good push it again Noah
Stacy just posted a picture or like on
Facebook at a two-year post poped up of
these two as one big - you do like that
mist right through it once really fine -
these boys what'd you find
huh no daddy oh I see
take your overalls hold this baby look
at the queues overall then going through
Ava's clothes
hey Jo you're just a little smaller you
know maybe a week they all fit or free
on maybe a week a week
Oh Chico to me but the length wise is
where the Rings
okay hi dirty hands you're dirty what
did you guys been digging come show me
buried treasure
hey did you guys find any buried
treasure for more buried treasure don't
mind my crazy hair
okay Mikhail and talk to you send
Tricia's and everyone to the yeah yeah
okay break it down down Pete Pete Pete
what I'm ready Jay yeah and I'm so cool
yeah you want to post up when Kiki come
to school break it down now Pete he did
it to keke palmer no the petty challenge
we are back from tail and talk knees and
Trish's house made a delicious dinner
Sam cooked up some salmon first it was
so good and then he went and did
something with the England in our ward
who start to work with them kind of fun
and now we're watching the vlog from
today and I was like walk let's go on a
walk cuz he saw that he saw schooling on
a walk every day so I'm trying to get
him to come on a walk now cuz he wanted
to I know he's too busy pushing his car
around so closely it is so bright right
now meant to record something yesterday
and I forgot two things got a little
busy I have a new calling in church some
you guys have asked before liking
Twitter YouTube comments once you're
calling at church my new calling is
young men's presidency secretary so um
when secretary what that means is that I
work with the youth on our ward in our
church group and we have this long
activity last night it was my first
activity with the youth I would say I'm
nervous but I just want to do a good job
and I want to be hopefully be like a
good influence for the guys so as far as
showing up last night I didn't dress
like this but it's pretty close as I
call me they're probably gonna think
that I'm still a young man even the
young men but no it was really cool it
was fun meeting some of the guys and I
mean really looking forward to the
opportunity to serve them to work
together with them and hopefully I have
some fun together so good times ahead
secretly I wished I was in young women
because then we could go to the mutual
and the different activities together
but for now she's not so maybe it'll
happen this is how much this girl is
teething right now she is she found a
way to grab the back of his seat and
chew on it
what why I'll get your chair we're gonna
go home and get well have some water and
juice at home okay
you're out an apple you gonna walk
backwards all the way home yeah oh haha
walk backwards keep going
you going
oh this girl though guys look at her
tits just perched up just just grab that
umbrella it's so funny I can't get over
this hi
Hey hey sis PJ hi are you - none that
you'd probably find something to chew on
it tastes good or bad it's good
she's also sticking her tongue out a lot
more which makes me happy because she
was never really sticking her tongue out
I thought like oh gosh maybe she's still
maybe still tied a little bit but looks
good
whoa whoa whoa whoa crazy rocks tomorrow
well we're actually about to go right
now we're gonna go to Bear Lake and take
in this last warm summer day that we
have at least I look to the forecast
there and it's supposed to get colder
then tomorrow we actually have our
opening football game and I'm really
excited because Noah's loving football
we're gonna go get all our ackee gear be
ready the stadium just got renovated we
kind of went there for the high school
game a lot of fun can't wait we'll see
you guys wanna let me base bye
