no what is it tell me about it you can
say hi
is easy on the other side to get to yeah
commander of the street right here gosh
I hear this other side next is that he's
got to go get the other side to Noah
nice did he waive to you
the TV thumbs up how do you yeah you
showed him your garbage truck that's a
blue one yeah no no how did he give you
a thumbs up like that all right it's
that time of day to check in with PJ's
hair how's it look in got the nice
little Anne Burrell swirl no everyone be
poufy all over like I just love when
Penelope's in her PJ's she's just the
cutest little thing she wakes up like
his know he's doing up really happy but
I feel like she waits up extra happy
we'll have to try and capture that
during a nap today yeah she's like
chosen there then you come in just like
you are the greatest thing I've ever
seen in my life this week football
starts again college football and we are
going to a game hopefully on Thursday so
a lot of fun no every time we drive by
he goes football yeah and then there's a
football practice going on with like
these eight-year-olds the other day and
know what you sent there he's like down
set hike yeah you just lost a piece of
your Apple hike say blue 42 Omaha
gently some technical I like it yeah I
mean yummy hey what did you get today
where'd you buy today football he woke
up from his nap saying mom mom football
best husband ever
I was craving one of these so bad last
night and yesterday and I wasn't new
he'll get one myself and he just showed
up with it like he read my mind I could
cry I can read your mind
I'm so happy that's good good not even
know it's in my mind half the time he
died it's crazy wacky it'll Hayden crazy
wacky dude on there got like Jimmy
Neutron hair today
magic so this Denon man it's electric
cute little dancer baby I did see that
that Jerry smiles when she sees me she
does it's my hi hi good guy that's time
I had both of my little nuggets in the
seat we were just testing it out right
when we got it if you do was brand new
ya know cuz they might seek my seat but
like you have your seat
but now sissy's big enough to sit in her
seat although she just wants to hunch
forward and chew on her toy pretty
awesome there's only one thing I don't
like is that everything really fits
better if it's advisors or on the lowest
thing so like if this was on the higher
one it would they want it fit as well
together anyway we're off to the park
for a little outing but I do love this
seat I really like that you can take the
seats off so wait I kind of lied they
both can be in like the biggest seating
position if they're both facing forward
it's just like opposite facing positions
or if the car seats on here and Noah's
down there well slow careful careful
careful careful
yeah brave dude time on the other side
of it and that side this is really good
at climbing stuff today I could climb
down slow one at a time good job
good do the rock wall now if you do the
rock wall over here look at you crazy
boy you did it look slow G good job dude
okay yeah hurt your tummy okay you guys
go slower that sounds a little harder
for big kids look like a piece of cheese
Swiss cheese Swiss cheese Swiss cheese
don't fall because I have your sister
and I arms don't go to catch you okay
careful coming down all right that way
good job I wanted to show you guys all
what he can do yeah put your feet on
there you go okay ready
good job you just spun yourself
excellent
ready
I'll get it
there's nothing like eating an
across-the-board okay
so just watch him eat yummy thank you
you want it yummy it's nice today it's
like 75 maybe it's a little higher
that's not supposed to be too hot today
oh I'm gonna fly bye bye
I don't know that in the airplane
there's no gonna find an airplane
where we gonna go like hot air fly high
but where where are we gonna go huh huh
why huh why home okay is this our
airplane stroller no why hi yeah okay
we're gonna fly high in the sky and
airplanes home
sounds good to me that's nice too and
Noah flies huh oh yeah mom hey that's
why I love wasn't this kid Jabbar guys
this summer has just flown by
baby thank you playing hide-and-seek
every night
and sissy just watch it they are her
entertainment for entertained hide no
one sees you there you still like jokes
wants to eat something on my face
