happy Sunday Noah wants pigtails
because lattices has pigtails and
they're all over the place
Latoya and my shirt sometimes I have at
home well I took a shower you want
pigtails I don't know if your hair is
long enough it's not the best Church
fashion for you sissy you look so cute I
love your hair there you go let's see
nice very nice
teamwork makes the dream work right now
with pigtails
when you get into over the oh we found
some Eminem's doing maybe here is so
hard no not like the moms do it okay um
some YouTube videos to watch on how to
braid I know I love you ready uh-huh
looks good
happy Sunday now Monday when you're
watching this or if you are watching
another day be that day as well it's a
good day at church no I behaved very
well just came home I had not finished
the football draft with trot Tyler Danny
Duncan and Travis Clark and a few of
their friends we did the league last
year and Cameron Bure what place I got
how I got like second-to-last so give
him a hard time for that he's upset
about something I don't know I just
cooked up a nice little dinner though
chicken potatoes green beans ran out of
space okay so I also have my fantasy
football draft with my friends we've
been doing the league for six seven
eight years maybe longer I don't know a
long time there's a trophy there's a lot
of bragging rights there's actually some
people that didn't get their keeper
picks in an on time and they had to do
karaoke and songs
we keep it fun and so most of us are
getting together tonight in Salt Lake
where 60 seconds from kick and it's kind
of late it's kind of inconvenient but at
one time a year we're about D you okay
guys Sunday's are the hardest days for
us no naps and just for the kids for we
need dinner we'll be fine because the
grapes are on his plate and wants him
out of the bag
that's how toddlers think when they're -
yeah this girl's hair it's crazy
I don't even know what to do with it
like I don't even know I am NOT a like
hair person I don't know how to do my
own hair I don't even know how to French
braid I need to learn because this girl
has some hair like that's why I mean
I've got lots of bows which has been
really fun but I mean being at home and
stuff and since she's so little and she
nurses so often I just don't they just
fall out so like I put a bow in and then
I'll just come out so I the bigger she
gets the more she sits up the less she
nurses later on like the more about she
will wear eventually um I put a little
pigtail and sometimes I put one little
pony here but it's just her hair is out
of this world I'm obsessed with it it's
a little crazy today
hi do you see yourself does that make
you happy
does it make you happy with toe grabber
I saw an Instagram picture this girl I
know posted and it's like these socks
with like a chew toy foot like the quick
toes on the end of it and like so the
babies can like chew their toes without
actually chewing their toes so I'm
curious about it I have any of you guys
heard of that or tried that because this
girl loves to chew on her toes but then
I feel like she's just gonna one take
the sock off and just chew on her actual
toes so I don't know um but I actually
have some both have been meaning to show
you guys from some peeps my friend kami
my cousins like one of my cousins best
friend my cousin Jordyn her best friend
kami from back home makes those it's
called Bali gal designs and they're
really cute they're the little not bows
Oh focus focus focus they're really
sweet so she sent me a little bundle of
all these cute little bows and they're
so adorable she sent me some when PJ was
born just what she's wearing in some of
her newborn pictures I show something
like like the little pink ones and stuff
they're really cute and what's cool I
love all of these bows you know like all
the little bows with the little nylon
attached because there's so much they're
so soft but then you can always just cut
the nylon once they get bigger and just
put a little clip on the back
in that then you can still keep using
the bow it's kind of awesome because all
of them are kind of like all these bows
are just wrapped around the nylon pretty
awesome and then there's another one
this sweet girl from the bone the Bell
sent me this cute little bows they are
adorable they are adorable I'm gonna
actually put this little flower or this
little um bow one on her to match your
little butterfly outfit today but
they're so cute and she actually sent me
an actual I slept like one of these
clips you can put one of these clips
just like on any of these bows really um
she's got a cute little gold one too so
love them check them out the bow the
Bell they're all on Instagram and have
Etsy shop and stuff like that and then
bali gal just finds if you like the
little not bow so check them out I love
this little this one that care the green
I think that one's really cute I've got
both I've got lots of bows guys I just
need to start using the bows and I have
these really cute like I think do my
sister send these to me I can't remember
someone for my baby shower gave me all
of these like really cute big flower
bows that I will use I just having it
because I feel like they take over her
entire face but I will use this because
they're soaking have a cute little white
one
so Paul wear this for church and stiffen
love I just love this one stone um okay
anyway I just wanted to pop and doodle
update Sam and I also this is kind of
fun probably should wait and have him
talked with me about this also sorry
might be kind of hard to tell with my
crazy comforter but look at this
gorgeous little dress that my mom had
made for PJ she she didn't she didn't
make it she had it made off a little at
sea shop I believe but look it's so cute
in the tool like usually like I'm not a
fan of these tule dresses because it's
really scratchy but this tool is like
really soft and there's like a little
slip underneath it's so cute and it's
like stretchy so the last a long time I
really loved it and I love the purple
flowers we've really loved purple on PJ
why I love all the colors on PJ pink
purple anyway she said that there's a
matching bow but she acts
at home she between when she saw me this
past weekend but she's so cute I just
love it
thanks mom one more thing sorry I
totally hard to mention but if you guys
are interested she said that she would
do a giveaway if we want on my Instagram
page I've never done and it's a giveaway
or anything like that so don't really
know how to go about it quite yet
but we're figuring it out so go check
out her Instagram page we'll about
LeBeau in the Belle and let me know if
you're going to do a little giveaway of
some bows let me know
there you go there's all three of you in
just anyone
it's okay whatever yeah I'll throw it
all out Oh
oh I'll have that be another kiss okay
