oh here's the video what pick socks
good day to you sweet world welcome to
today's look welcome sweet world
no woke up not feeling so hot I went in
there after I fed the baby at like 7 she
went back to sleep and he was saying mom
ouch I'm going to his tummy so I thought
he's gonna be sick but he wasn't he just
came in late in our bed for like almost
two hours I think he's been basically
cuddling all morning but another news do
you guys remember when we went to PJ's
four-month appointment the other day
well we were talking to the doctor and
the doctor said no more jump monkeys
jumping on the bit nice game haha the
doctor said that PJ's head is kind of
flat I'm a certain side like her eyes
are lined up and in that way her head
shapes find her her ears and stuff but
her actual head on the back of it is
kind of flat I see she's gonna want to
look at the camera okay so this side is
rounder and then this is like the really
formal a side the right side just really
flat she favors sleeping on the right
side right it's funny because you
wouldn't think so because her hair is
always so poofy on this side like she
sleeps on both sides so that's why I
don't I don't know yeah so we're gonna
go see thing gets me answers so when we
were down for the baby blessing
Jen's dad actually did some massages on
PJ's head which you guys saw to kind of
help with the plate growth because they
are when babies are first born their
heads are very soft and fragile and the
plates are growing and forming and so he
did a little massage a little physical
therapy for her and kind of taught Jen
how to do that yeah so she's super
Wiggly but what we're gonna do right now
is hello hello
Oh what's going on yes I'm here okay are
you trying to scam me right now what if
I don't have a computer and how would
you know there's a problem with my
computer you get my phone number
hey that's not true
there's been no issues with my computer
why would I have you log in to look at
my computer it's like man like why would
I do that why would you think people
would trust you like just calling them
like this are you trying to take
advantage of old people this is
something that my grandma would fall for
ten usually doesn't like when I talk to
scammers on the phone when they try and
scam us
she likes me to just hang up which is
probably the right thing to do but I'm
just like come on how can you do this to
people how can you take advantage of so
many people like do so much better for
the world that's what I told the guy and
then I've blasted sandstorm
Sandstrom heels but i just think about
like all the people that would fall for
that kind of thing he was trying to take
over my computer and I was trying to
figure out his angle the whole time
because it's interesting to me what
these people are trying to do and he
wanted to take over my computer and
probably forced me to like pay him down
lock it I don't even know I don't know
it was stupid the same number called me
yesterday and was like this is the IRS
you are in serious trouble didn't all
this other stuff I was like what what
the sad thing is there's definitely a
lot of people that fall for it he tried
to get common ground with me and then
anyways what I was saying before is that
as parents we do have the responsibility
to take care of our kids to protect them
and to make sure they're healthy and
make sure they get the care that they
need
Penelope might be okay without getting
some physical therapy on her head but
it's potential that she could have like
the flat head or but part of their head
and we wanted to help her out Jen is
actually taking her there running out to
get it looked at and kind of go through
that see if there's anything we can do
at home with the baby and then also if
maybe we have to take her and I'm not
sure
hopefully Jenna is able to film
something if not we'll get the update
when she gets up hello hello hi your
horse a dream your horse what's your
singing Spacey
he says his name is Spacey
do you see yourself in the camera yeah
Penelope can you say love you yeah
Penelope's at the doctor bit up he's
getting her head looked at let me see
your head ah she said the doctor with
Penelope looks like we got another
cucumber from the garden are you
watering the plants how'd you push it
use both hands yeah you got one of the
planets whoa hey you watch it over there
there's nothing quite like having a hose
it's an unlimited squirt gun never runs
that that's good
good job
I looked for a way for a second but
basically what happened is you realize
the hoes can't make it all over there we
filled up his little canteen and then
routed every day to water our lawns
situation has been a mess
and since we're technically renting we
were in charge of putting the grass in
and it just hasn't grown because there's
a big storm that washed it all away so
I've been here just having to weed every
week or so I'm about to just spray the
whole thing and kill the whole long
because it's just like ridiculous
we did the front yard yesterday which
took a while either tonight or tomorrow
I'll tackle the back it's pretty ugly
I feel bad for our neighbors it's one of
those things that's just like slightly
out of my control what's the verdict
great and it's so like using normal head
size like so normal is like between one
and three centimeters Philippe's
like like the way he measures things
like the back of it yes needs to be like
three centimeters is the highest it
should be versus 6 but helmet zone is
like 10 and above so she's not in a zone
which was great we just have to do some
physical therapy and then if it does not
improve she's still growing growth spurt
so her head still is gonna change and
grow so I'm not too worried I don't
think she'll need a helmet but we'll see
I don't see it getting any worse than it
already is
but they said if she does need a helmet
it's gonna cost $2,000 if the shirt
insurance doesn't provide it right
welcome to real life
oh isn't it just great the little
helmets to gran-gran
No
yeah when you ride your bike silly so
that's a verdict it's physical therapy
oh oh
here's the lunar side and I shoulda
taken a picture I'll know once I like
lay her on it but she has to stay on her
left side so it's like being propped up
so that's when she sleeps
Oh any time she's like yeah yeah we
should have her do this
no will you hope sissy with physical
therapy
what what's this he's named M this one
is like actually really cool because
there's all these different senses in
the actual name you get gun
and then they send these which you can
and this play-doh well will record our
physical therapy session and keep you
guys updated maybe I should do some too
big my head splat
anything else you want to save all the
cameras on what do you want to say we
want what do you want to say to the
people
hi what's your name
