okay so premise of the game two fingers
pull tissues out the fastest who will
these Victor's only one to shortstop
only one to Showtime
all right so we're gonna do two nights
with you ooh
tension is resin okay event for will
begin now
sorry
both hands by Jamaat fool really - no
III was but you can use your hand
I mean you should do two fingers because
then you'll pull out more marks on a
clean race up there are new marks hey I
see you oh my god oh my gosh
come on Erin no times hands up front I
want clean race Jim it's twice yeah well
top the spork
oh okay ready come on set B
people just take out clumps that one
five come on why was this going that
bullcrap yeah bogus that is true so this
event is under further review
technically de Haan and I tied for first
but there has been a lot of suspicion
that de Haan pulled cloths becomes
oh we're deciding right now ash we just
said tonight I'll send the film to
everyone they can all review out and
review it I know something guys are
probably gonna say you guys just wasted
a bunch of tissues recycling box so as
we stand right now in the same echo
Olympics this event has not actually
been judged and the points haven't been
divvied out yet there was a lot of drama
and tension could you feel it while
watching that could you tell some people
were upset that was actually event 4 so
I was the fourth second event we had
done that night and tensions you know
the spirit of the games was really it's
getting kind of intense so we haven't
decided who got first who got second by
the actual results like that you saw in
the video Dejan and i finished at the
same time first we went back and watch
the video I agreed that it was a tie you
got some play-doh nice and then Haley
technically finished third I think
that's right right you guys can go back
and look
can you meet up solo I'm solo play-doh
all the played played up piece of
play-doh mixed together yep go buddy you
want another one just two okay we try
and at least mix the colors that go well
together so ooh this one hasn't been
opened yet right there can you get it
for me it's Chewbacca and it's orange
one of the biggest complaints about that
event was that people were clumping
that's what the word the verbiage that
was used Dianna was clumping that
everyone was clumping which means that
are pulling out more than one tissue at
the same time as you can see her still
huh yes
yeah the play-doh sorry we don't know
how to judge this event so we need your
guys input I think all of us probably at
some point pull out more than one tissue
at the same time I'm not sure if anyone
was intentionally trying to do that if
they were they should be disqualified
but I want you guys to be the judge who
deserves 1st 2nd and 3rd in this event
we still have decided I sent everyone
the footage and then everyone was just
kind of like whatever you guys decide
so nothing really came of it I don't
think they're enjoying the team Sam
dominance right Noah
so technically let's see we have 4
events left 3 this is event 6 yeah I
think so
so we technically have three events left
I'm good for use with all that it but we
need to film those and I think we're not
sure I did and do some of them during
the day and outside and we'll see how
these Sam I got Olympics ends and yes
we're still going even though the
Olympics are over we continue on we
don't have to follow the same schedule
more so guys what do you think should
happen who would help us decide you're
having fun with this a makeover leagues
alright yeah I mean sometimes it gets a
little competitive but we're still we're
still good I mean even yeah we like to
compete against each other it's always
just for fun her win is my win - Sammy
coma big vlogs back to back tomorrow
will be a regular vlog we took Penelope
to the doctor today cuz her head need to
be checked out because it might she
might need a helmet but you guys we'll
find out tomorrow she has that and let
us know who should win this
down
