oh this hair get it oh there we go yeah
well it was a beautiful blessing but
you'd never know we were there because
someone didn't take a picture with us
and didn't even get a family picture
when someone said are taking family
pictures hey Matt put your put your fist
up what tell me yes Pam oh there we go
and then we got punch in the face ready
Matt Matt act like you're falling over
you can hear him breathing
sweeping these will be great okay this
is your dad still looks great he says he
goes to the gym three times a week then
go since that's in the jacuzzi after
he's done working out and lifting
weights that's what he told me he was in
walks every day active guy 85 years old
he told me today that he's twenties 20
what do you say 28 no he said he's a 58
today and then he's like you just flip
it and I'm like oh no you're still smart
too
I made the bright made a brighter oh wow
that's scary
I can't show that I can't show it to a
post I know it's scary can't do it
you're gonna look back one day down I'm
Megan and finally this that close my
mouth okay
film when you are 85 I'm gonna tape your
mouth shut
I'm next
yeah I need to redo my sides they're
getting real long in my duck tail
looking at things it's terrible getting
a little trimmer room because I don't as
mom's Christmas stocking
yeah you're all knew you were coming
things you okay I'm okay
so explain what we're doing over here I
mean yeah obviously yeah I think we all
are at that point today yesterday it was
all about fun and games and today is
just yeah we need naps no that's from
what I got those nasty cut it shorter
yeah it's just a trim no my hair was
lighter no it's not natural it's from
when the girl didn't terrible height
streaks they've just grown out and they
look like Amalia no remember when Jordan
got that her hair dyed it looks really
it feels so much healthier I only wear
makeup on Sundays now this is fun look
at you get codes from both babies like
you mean this is awesome
this never happened okay that's true
no you're willing both baby no I'm
saying like no one's visit with the baby
yeah oh no it has a terrible snot nose
from being next to AC unit
tonight sorry that was an accident that
really wasn't Brad comes to Tosh with
the backhoe tell ya I'm more mad now
than I am on your face baby baby does
hate like the Sun on her face you guys
demanded to be outside no likes me
outside better person say something
about having a scissor cut look at this
babe
maybe it just meant I'm fixing her skull
for not being flat but I'm supposed to
keep doing this but I already changed
her diaper no no no no yet let pop
grandpa work on there how's that feel
peach how I feel I just learned that my
dad actually has an Olympic athlete who
won gold medal three who athletes do I
believe the Leland Muhammad won the 400
euros he said that he's worked with
Alison book named Alfie Felix no I wish
I'd also be like but you're getting a
few looks in a while who's the third
baby look at any Washington did she get
a medal but Billy let me Muhammad
because of this guy cuz of this guy she
got gold that's the ground
oh my
muscle works England or California last
time that shape up feels like it
literally every other every other ok
nose done
good job buddy
say think you can you a hug by Bello tip
I bye to Grandpa to see you
this little girl is so close to sitting
up by herself gentle thank you nice
kisses no you can't sit in her lap
you're too big for her so the goose oh
he's so cute
you smell good today
