we started the day out seeing Coco and
it was really good not as I mean it was
great it was a great movie but it wasn't
as kid-friendly as I thought it would be
for a Pixar movie there's a lot of death
and murder because the murder thing was
kind of like just yeah well you can't
spoil it they've all seen it I'm sure
November
spoilers no spoilers there's murder in
it so I mean it was just kind of
interesting Wow and now we're going to
do the you pick we found play so we can
pick oranges here so we're gonna pick
some oranges that I'd be really fun and
the orange trees are huge
Sam has already found the hot sauce
homeboys are those people that make
I was checking out things that I wanted
since there's no you pick we're
improvising
it's amazing
what did you get another whoopie pie
let's see the inside of it
yeah
oh it's oh my gosh I look so good let's
try this thing
yep that cream remains off frosty but
it's delicate it's not very strong hey
what do you think buddy ninja pie ninja
birthday cake
ninja birthday PT what's the purpose of
protect the water
well we found the beautiful orchard but
it might be Wednesday's only we'll be
back in a week of course there's so many
orders raising some cinematic beautiful
shots of orange pickin this might be
able to do it we're in the final hours
of Andrew being here interns gone I'm
leaving tomorrow morning and then all
the family will be gone and we'll just
be here in our quiet house actually it's
already been a lot more quiet which is
kind of weird because you'd think it'd
still be very loud because my kids but I
realized that everyone's kind of loud in
general you know if you watch the hot
ones challenge you understand that it
always gets more quiet a couple
questions about the Christmas vlog
people it was loud
so you couldn't hear all the presents or
understand things the present that
Rachel was freaking out about was she
got Hamilton tickets from her boyfriend
Tyler who's this from to see in LA right
that's ready a go San Diego yeah some
San Diego - mm-hmm - different different
shows it just ended in LA no really -
it's the same cast oh so is that same
cast gonna go to like Salt Lake and
stuff is that ah I believe so I don't
know as I know they switch him up every
so often interesting I saw it in LA she
was really excited about that as you
guys know we saw Hamilton in Chicago
last year and absolutely loved it
like we're at intermission and we're
just like dying because it's amazing
like
Wow and I'm like sitting here like
dancing like I can't help but dance it
was right before Wayne Brady joined the
cast I wonder how he is and then Andrew
got a gift and some people said those
that are favorite reaction of the vlog
was and you're opening up that gift and
ER is always a good reaction to things
well I'm confused by the stars what's
the stars mean why do you get it it's
real it's real reaction matte head I
want to say crochet or knit closely
crocheted this it was a hat now it is
stuffed with stuffing because you kind
of want to undisplaced that animate
growing up Dragon Ball Z Dragon Ball Z
specifically there's three major sagas
or series I guess Dragon Ball Dragon
Ball Z and then Dragon Ball super now we
don't count GT anyways I grew up my best
friend and I rocky Collins if you guys
watched the show video game high school
he played the drift King is that
challenge read or drift King what do you
want
one race Teddy so we grew up together
and Dragon Ball Z was like our life and
he passed away last July so July 2016 he
died it feels like it's been less than a
year yeah but I'm not super fast I was
trying to think about that the other day
yes it's been a year and a half and his
birthday is September 5th so my buddy
had this idea to he was gonna get this
tattoo of the five star Dragonball for
himself Odin yeah in memory of rocky cuz
Dragon Ball was our life and in the
series if you collect all seven
dragonballs you can make any wish with
the dragon and you can wish someone back
to life so it's really sentimental to me
and and so Matt made this in memory of
him the five star obviously being
September 5th which is the day he was
born and Dragon Ball which was the
cartoon that raised us really so that's
why it was so sentimental and emotion
that was really good yeah so that's what
that means yeah that's what this means
and it's really really like the best
gift I've ever received so you'll have
that on at your house yeah it was it was
Matt wasn't originally a beanie but I
knew I would never wear it and I wanted
it always on display so let's go made it
into a just a plush dragon ball so yeah
it always goes around yeah I never
watched Dragon Ball Z but the strike
supposedly there's a new Dragon Ball Z
sneakers adidas right let's say you link
to another rumor yeah that'd actually be
a really amazing shade I'm not sure how
hard they will be to get or if what if
they had one like that the final is a
good possibility other won't happen
oh yeah the front they'll probably make
I would be pretty oh yeah you got those
they have the dragon yeah yeah so now
you guys know I know there are some
gifts because I go is kind of chaotic
and hectic and loud I'm trying to think
if there's any other comments that
people are wondering about I can't
remember right now but if you guys had
any other questions or anything let me
know I can go over that we're gonna miss
Andrew it's always good we've seen each
other a lot yeah because we live closer
now it's been crazy yeah so we'll see
you when he comes back hopefully soon
yeah always a $50 flight away and for
Drive driving a $50 Drive and if you're
living in the California area call that
over yeah could be a jerk come I'll take
you up you're in LA area code you he'll
pick you
good dude I hope in the closet door
because he had shut it and I found him
like this
with your shoes
