Penelope a child
good morning we're off to see family and
yeah
quite the drive oh four and half hours
probably five it's all summer baby
hi are you excited to see your cousin
you get to meet your brand-new kiting
we're really excited and we have our
snacks
got chips and it gave it as a whole bag
of snacks back man I got sour patch
watermelons Oh road trip is not complete
without those oh oh don't worry chili
lime me
so that's dope to keep your lies down
Loki laughs today I just want to drive
through Vegas the biggest strip player
in this zone gotta stretch our feet when
you're on a road trip with kids
everything changes it's a pee poop cry
eat already jump around and look at the
camel and peacock that is somewhere yeah
oh the Peacocks are there that is behind
the fence right here there is I know
finally let me see you're so beautiful I
love you okay we survived we survived
the long drive we survived I was about
to pull my hair out
a little bit I want to die Oh long car
rides with children that ideal we made
it we survived you're here to see this I
know would I get to home right now well
he pulled off the boom wait I'll take
you guys yeah I'll take you down on my
baby I mean where's Jordan she's down
there - hang on - where's my baby
Oh your hair is our hair so Kurt oh hi
Belle oh look at you oh good to see you
we love to visit of you falling asleep
everywhere yes Oh time for baby brother
sister ash you've never met Bell Oh Noah
he's gonna pretend to be asleep why cuz
you should I can't pretend to be asleep
you never talk to anyone Noah this is my
grandpa look there's my grandpa my
grandpa's stylin he's got like looking
good fellow look at those shoes
fancy thank you thank you except for you
take that hat off
no I'm just kidding
go bears go bears oh good kitty
stop Oh did your cousin
you can give her kisses she rides over
Cal this is what I thought PJ would look
like yeah a blonde baby hello this is
your other great-granddaughter this is
your great-granddaughter get out yeah
Bella and I was trying to tell her what
Penelope's name was and she could not
she's not here no she's like what
Penelope Penelope what
first Oh child - so guys there's the
twins except she's tending concept here
he likes to be faced and I like she just
loves I mean I know they're blue he's
like 8:15 right now
looking more like Matt though like when
he was born he was purely
hit her eyebrow motions you believe my
eyebrow bones his motions he'll be like
here's the mean bug here looking just
like this look at this cute baby hi PJ
oh you're just so pretty look you're
gonna be the cutest little girl your
dad's gonna have to he's gonna start
open carrying best friends oh like me to
kiss down best friend
oh yeah just do best friends just you
and telling ya ComNet meetin guy trouble
man
killed for Less that you crazy
there's things I left back at half past
as you have a pinkie in your mouth
you're so weird I'm a tough guy you're
so weird you're just so beautiful okay
uncle Matthew is making me get him Noah
I'll just take that PJ would look like
it's like so nice I know beautiful face
eyebrows weak it's because so we went to
Sephora some friends had a naked power
so Shawn bought it for me I never left
my makeup I have an Inca palette of love
it
way twos is it an eyebrow palette we're
talk about artist makeup no just
eyeshadow but I'm always used my
eyeshadow as eyebrow powder love it it
looks really good I've been too lazy to
do my eyebrows and I've been wearing
glasses lately so I don't even care
this is the first day since Sunday that
have one makeup these cool cats have a
youtube channel vision the vision of ray
ray vision YouTube channel
yeah we just bought a house a disc you
baby thank you baby
and this I'm just kidding so anyway see
more of this please go check out my
vision lets you know when it's like
lighting up right now is so pretty it's
like magical this is a huge garden right
here yeah Mac my brothers grandparents
house peach tree apple tree corn flowers
tomatoes in there other stuff that's
green over there
that Haley said to me and I'm like what
is that like it's some sort of lettuce
Jordan is also cutting my hair off oh
yeah like I want like this much off I
want to like this much off you should
just kind of as short as I want to but
he was I just need a lot of it often
it's just too thin now because of the
baby
oh my hair's falling out okay okay I'm
like bald right now look at this ball do
you always lose it involved like place
well I always lose it in the front well
I don't knowa and then everywhere else
probably I'm just laying right here with
no it's yeah oh yeah my hair was still
growing out with Noah and now it's all
gone again all gone again how far part
of dates like two years about most two
years 22 months I think these two kids
and you're younger than me store it are
you done good job putting sissy holy sis
you know no you think I got too hard for
us too hard for Noah there you just hold
it right there yeah
yeah I need to redo my sides they're
getting real long in my duck tail get a
thing muscle works in Glendora
California last time dad came up he was
like it literally every every other room
