hey guys poopies over I'm not saying
anything we went to music class today
but I couldn't really film any of it
because there were so many kids today
and no it was really crazy nella place
and wanted me to hold its hand the whole
time um I need a poopy pop by and uh had
some great news so uh stay tuned ok he's
signing up for school anyway we're going
to go to school and talk to some
counselor a counselor to see all the
things that we need to do to get this
guy in robe I'm so proud I'm the
proudest big sister EVER know he came
over to Jenna one school help me sign up
said let's do it so we're gonna go do
that well no it's still asleep and
surprise mom and dad I don't think you
talked to you yet and we're gonna figure
this out so keep them in your prayers
guys cuz he's got a plop college ball
I'm not a monk ok let's go this will be
fun back to school but I'm a bat back
unfortunately I know people do I don't
think he'll be able to fall semester but
we'll go figure everything out talking
because ball rolling
you
we are gonna go eat dinner in the park
because it's really fun I'm it's nice
out and no one needs to go run around
dinner at the park oh yeah sorry dinner
in the park sunny days are limited yes
they are they're coming too close so
we're gonna take advantage of them and
doing some indian food in the park huh
hi and puppies what that still too hey
he's had a good successful okay sign up
for school day it's been great it's been
great do you know how many times that
people ask me where that name come from
and you know how many times I have to
answer IDK i okay i wouldn't believe it
do not know how that started I don't
either it just became poopie I call him
buzz Wow actually growing up his
nickname was but my dad and my brothers
like everyone calls him buzz I don't
know where that came from right yeah I'm
buddy cuz you started with monkey boy Oh
a wise monkey boy and then it turned
into poopy and I feel like I don't like
how does no mom that called you monkey
boy monkey boy I have always called you
Dave I went ok Dave and poopy ever it's
like ever since I can remember yeah I
don't know why it's just like all right
it's an endearment dangerous dive a bead
on me gosh daddy da they slide into
second sliding the second slide into
second slide into second there you go
fell into the ground and I want to go
down the house where I grew up shake I
don't the same the bottom of my shirt
you pick a dad till I find all the magic
and the things that we believe to know
that I am fine stay here amidst the five
and memories
for youth reset the stories of all
building blocks the scrape the sky is
Dan so tall as proof as reality unfolds
piece by piece the puzzle shows meaning
in the truth when I fade is last between
lines we find the words we wanted them
to use to melt the bite of the fries
dad who the attack today was a really
good day I think I mean it's kind of
weird cuz it was a cloudy and rained a
little bit just it was a good day good
relaxing day I think we all needed this
day go David sunny I'm cool we've been
trying to get hit that kid sign up for
school so long and we're just so excited
so hopefully everything goes smoothly
not he would let me do it doesn't
everyone go cinema love like yeah you
can do it sign up for college yeah go
David for some more encouragement um cuz
it's scary it's scary signing at first a
commitment like college college is a big
commitment and uh it can be scary so
we're really excited for him and Bruce
are so proud of Noah I just love that
kid so much he's been really good and he
still has some instances during the day
where lets his hands fly but uh he's
been really good we've realized that I'm
still wearing my book I've gotten
distracted and busy the past couple days
with family and stuff so I haven't
finished it but um I think me and Sam
have been trying to like worry about him
more and he just he just needs to be
doing something his mind needs to be
doing something or else the Tantrums
happen really he he throws a tantrum or
he throws a fit when he's bored most of
the time or he wants to fight you when
he's bored so we just got to keep that
kid busy and he's a happy camper really
um sometimes if he does a little too
much then he can throw a fit you know
it's gotta find the happy medium of like
doing stuff it's good he's growing up
and learning so much you guys he likes
books now it makes me so happy for a
while I was like oh my kid doesn't like
books he read like four books upstairs
he just likes to flip through the pages
you all have to have a book though he
likes dad dad to have a book a mama to
have a book and then Noah likes to read
the book next to show us with on the
page or just really problem it's been a
really fun since he's turned to it it's
been pretty fun like 10-2 tantrums
kinda crazy but him learning so much
it's like crazy how much they learned
when they reach that milestone two years
old it's insane he's so smart proud of
him for his for all his new words he
said like five new five or six new words
just today so it's been really fun well
PJ she's just a sweet little thing she's
it's not moving they'll either gosh she
won't just sit in your lap she has to be
sitting or standing or wiggling or
something oh but wait time she stops
dude is it moving his when she's asleep
it was a good day I hope you guys had a
good day that's well just want to say
that today was a good day ok mr.
militate is your no taste Oh her face
how do you feel about that yeah well
your sister your brother loved the
squash hmm are you gonna be more picky
than your brother I don't think she's
not like food as much as her brother did
how you feel about it no not interested
come here you gotta show sissy how to
eat that ok you sure how to eat it you
liked this other baby used eat this will
you take a bite sorry ok all done don't
have to eat anymore just a little sample
today well a sample you loved baby food
too yeah you want to try it my night no
one calls food yummy so this is baby's
food baby I mean she was laughing so
much man ago hi
I haha ready I go hi sit next to you Oh
careful oh okay she just wants to sit up
high how many times can mom say hi in
one video whoa loosey-goosey legs
loosey-goosey okay no was having a
little bit of rough morning so I
explained earlier that I wanted to try
the flower sensory table so we're gonna
try it I'm gonna take it outside though
so he isn't it flower all of my kitchen
I'm just gonna put some flour in these
little containers and have him like you
can spoon it into the little cupcake
holders and find little things in here
Sandridge the store to get lunch stuff
so I about that huh yeah i'm gonna put
flour in here and you're gonna have the
dig for your toys okay exactly fun you
put flour flour yeah okay let's discuss
okay so I don't know if I really did
this correctly i just put toys in that
in the cookie sheet and then put flour
all over him such home he can dig you
can dig dig for your toys in there yeah
have fun okay you do whatever you want
with that flower you just can't eat it
okay I wouldn't taste very good good job
wow that's very precise very precise
placement of that flower I
following this instagram account called
toddler activities toddler or something
toddler sensory I don't know anyway I
just started following her I saw her
through another friend's page and she's
a whole bunch of different activities
for toddlers so I was like boots will be
great especially for this winter when
it's cold and we're stuck inside to do
cool little things like this oh that's
not as I do this one again I think he'll
really enjoy this one I also there's
also one like this that you can do with
beans like dry beans that I think no
would like as well I might try that one
next but yeah look there's just a bunch
of little toys in there that I don't
really care if you got flour all over
them or whatever but I have it fun do
you like digging in the flour you can
touch it you can play with it just feel
cool can you see something what is it
what'd you find what'd you find show me
penguin cool what else do you have in
there Oh c-3po 0 Z bruh cool
hey mom look
ah they should keep him busy for a
little while at least and I'm also
learning that uh not to get rise I mean
ain't also have learned this from my
sister-in-law's they always have told me
like when your kid gets to like a level
10 you know or gets to that level of
anger and frustration don't match the
energy level try to stay neutral because
he he can tell especially when one of us
like rng tie and like we're upset or
were like frustrated he can me feeds off
of it so I'm definitely doing to not to
try to just stay they say try to stay
neutral even though you want to scream
and yell so I've really been trying to
work on that as well especially one like
trying to help him understand like hate
this is you don't do this stay at like a
neutral level so he like really can
understand that of me like nah why are
you doing that house because then he's
like uh oh my God we're both aah oh yeah
also little update on my tomatoes I
decided to try some of you guys are
suggesting that we just pick some of the
stuff and let it like continue growing
and ripening on our counter it's one
side and here's one this was not read
when I picked it this one's almost done
changing color and this big one I wasn't
sure the big ones will change color but
this one's actually starting to ripen
now too which is cool kinda just leave
him up there and son Sam we picked one
of snow tell opinions kind of meats
gonna trash now I've kind of got a
little old but he's got a few more
growing that's really kind of fun to
watch can you bury him inside of there
now can you hide the toys back in that
big one whoa
playing flower what that I buried toys
and flower I saw people doing this on
Instagram think you love that cuz I
might have put a little too much flour
in there but he's having a lot of fun
today he loves digging in the dirt right
sorry was digging the dirt all day if
you let him write so I decided to have
him cuidate dig for toys in the flower
sweet no should we hide him again well I
should have expected that but I was not
prepared for there to be flower dancing
as well um so if you don't keep an eagle
eye watch on your kid at all times this
will probably happen so maybe monitor
your child while they play with flour
and dancing he looks like Casper the
Friendly Ghost he is covered in flour oh
my gosh no you're supposed to keep it in
the tins you're supposed to keep the
flower in the tins oh boy well at least
he's having a good time did you have fun
the flower yeah I don't know if we're
gonna do this one for a while I think
next time we're gonna do beans football
what's it called foot oh you see foot
foot
nopee other words on with F that sounds
foot football good try yeah it's the fun
look how beautiful that new part of the
stadium is ah it makes the school looks
so much nicer day is it tonight ok we
saw that there is some football going on
in the stadium then Sam has had heard
that I was playing oh we missed it and
went on the wrong lane anyway so we are
just going to come up I think
put some throw it for a few hours before
bedtime and see the high schoolers play
football in the new stadium so that's
kind of exciting for them yeah it was
really excited to watch football shake
piles of rocks definitely Parker a new
car by Big Bang they're still working
like doing finishing touches on the
stadium right now but uh
we fun I think they'll really enjoy this
the owies powys honey boo how do you how
do you throw throw football what do you
say what are you doing this for
touchdown
oh no no I know finally let me see my
niece I'd look see what sometimes I know
it's kevin wong high bail amanda wakeley
just he's eating right now pretty good I
want my baby maker totally baked your
mom yeah she is what looking more like
Matt though like when he was born he was
pure feeling
