hi I'm me hermie I'm ray did you make
that yeah wouldn't you make that me Dad
cat Oh dad to help you yeah cool what do
you make it high the Hat yeah I feel
like I need to document the fact that uh
Cece and I hi sissy I have the same here
this right you guys always on the same
hi hi with the same hair needs the same
hair gonna be in it germany hey day my
stepdad my mother here amidst the
vibrant man we serve a yummy building
blocks spread the skies stand so tall as
proof as reality army
he's my pings the powerful shows slowly
in true
hi oh gosh guys her head smells the best
like two days post washing it's that
gross I can't help it you taste my feel
good and yes I don't wash my baby every
single day that's just good thing as
it's tinted skin huh and you're just
sitting there all day telling you're
getting dirty oh my gosh you guys like a
long way i was getting i need to cut
some off what do you guys think shy cut
it off check it off like i didn't know
what he was her size when he was about
four months old i cut all my hair off oh
she's not so good today hi so PJ has not
enjoyed like has not been taking long
naps a lot of us to do with us like
being out and about because man second
and third and fourth kids I guess just
have to learn to I have to let her sleep
on the go just wherever you're at which
kind of stinks because then they don't
get as good of naps sometimes um so her
naps have like man their own like a half
hour to 40 minutes except for one
afternoon nap which is like an hour how
are you so still turn me for what I have
I made her laugh Dillard a that's true
hey wants to get her done looking she's
on she's like I would get to you imma
get to you oh yeah I'll make you laugh
on camera tonight you want me to yeah I
will I think you're talking to your dad
oh no I'm about to call my dad though I
just texted answer oh you did texting um
no still sleeping he did not sleep well
last night at all so news no I didn't go
in his room at chu yeah lay there
forever cuz he just
done that sleep regression again I
thought we were done at that 16 11 I
couldn't remember the last time i went
in there like like that like that i know
it was it's been much it's been a while
um yeah it's been a while we had to do
it when we first moved in here so maybe
like four months or so five months i'm
not sure how long we've lived here um
but yeah so this one's not taking long
naps i just read that she should be
taking to 90 minute naps and then one
short nap but she's taking two short
naps in one medium length a nap yes i
know huh week and our cuteness look at
his face right now look at her face dare
you she's so confused like what's going
on Sam got nowhere to save Penelope
today but I missed it oh hi yeah welcome
back kidding i see how blonde she is oh
there's some good lighting you can
actually tell she's got some white hair
going on up in here up in these roots
blonde hair but I put is next each other
I'm like where'd you where'd you come
from hi anyway this weekend we are
heading down to visit my brother and
sister-in-law and baby right Kirk I'm so
excited for PJ and I could meet it's
gonna be so fun my first Oh nephew on my
side the family me currently weighs as
much as Piniella he's two months old
anyways 812 or 813 I'm like that's how
much she wasn't she's born Hayley
imagine pushing Riker out now at this
size that's how much this girl was
alright so fun oh hi it's me so fun to
see if he is so cute guys I like I just
die every time I see a picture of him
away i don't mind out the close-ups of
Penelope by just love her face so much
but we have similar noses process we
kind of look like maybe a little high we
do similar no scrunching when we smile
oh oh you're so cute
oh hi are you mommy's lil Nate he's so
cute so where were the buses are soo
cute guy looks like you and your ears
you look so fashionable hey Dad where to
go hey Baba bye bye all right do you
want to attention to the store I've been
really digging this I love this site
hand of it I love your face then love
your face like like a huge camera
there's a couple that's just full-on
making out in the sam's club parking lot
okay doctor quick oh there's a way to
the car for me yeah they're making out
I'm sorry I feel that recording it but I
mean because we've never been about me
so funny and I think it's funny cuz we
we've been loading the car for like five
minutes and that's been so much traffic
and this couple managed at noels right
there seriously I was mean like why
don't we making out and whatever do
years all just making out in the parking
lot I didn't have the money for Tina I'm
like dang Sam we need our priorities
Kevin night where we just go make out in
mcdonough be like me go
oh man love young love bald young man Oh
young love or hola but I don't even know
yeah you don't know I feel like that was
the tape of making that like I'm not
going to see each other for a while or
tonight they're in love and they don't
care who knows it
we're jumping again how we doing jump
she crazy she crazy-crazy
careful
to see laughing are you laughing did you
friend
oh my fingers in your mouth would you
mind
friend Eva
are you making here that DJ you just
wanted to make me do everything Matt
more teeth for Ava maybe this all her
teeth Duke you baby brandy hugs best
friend PJ hugs thanks man
I just sitting there doing your taxes
yeah what's the new word you just
learned awesome awesome are you learning
like a new order to every single day
good 1 2 3 3 4 y 5 1 y 2 2 3 3 4 5 5
she's cooler Wow hey Noah where's
Michael Jordan there you know what's
dad's name that we get to go back yeah
hey what's this is me yeah MLP good well
what is it Penelope good you can count
to 5 i'm so proud Leeza can you come
back can you come to 5 by yourself plus
a 1 2 o 3 3 4 5 ah 6 we got 76 yeah yeah
89 89 no you say 10 oh yeah in the car
no was looking at sissy or Penelope and
he's like mom do I blue I Jesus you boo
I and I was like wow he's becoming so
observant of things on his own like
he'll tell us to look at something and
just like that like mom blue eyes like
has you don't realize it's crazy why no
beautiful your eyes are Oh your brown
eyes wow yeah Brown well which one of
those is yellow
yeah John what's that red huh and then
which one's blue there you go good job
buddy you're smart and where's Michael
Jordan who's the greatest of all time
basketball player hey mark get set go
cake cake cake swim hi MJ Christopher
here is here hey women someday someday
but these little boys ready set go Oh
watch out good job
good swimming
