ready
okay Noah today's the day do you know
today is garbage day hey I said doctor
yeah
no as is 2-year appointment today cannot
be just at her for month so we're just
on that you know appointment grind and
hopefully the doctor the doctors over
there what's his name
oh he's gonna see you today are you
excited to see him yeah is it so you can
be a baseball player and now I would be
in right how much you've grown how
strong your muscles are let's go man
doctor yeah
all right good job
did he give me the Olympics he's so
excited you just like yeah like serving
the team he's like we get I'm qualified
I can do this chick right here and
they're gonna weigh me an see how tall I
am
that wasn't the cool things you just got
measured yeah you guys how tall is
that's a 96 so you double that and
that's what they are on the older over
six feet but in this place is all about
educating we got the entire cell boat a
ship do you know what everything on a
ship is probably not you did it you're
gonna be in the Olympics hello hello
sorry we're gonna talk about Noah's I
can wait all that like how the checkup
went and checkup went really well
it was very healthy everything's looking
good which we're extremely grateful
about the fun and interesting stuff to
us well we just talked about Penelope
she's a hundredth percentile in height
Noah is 99th percentile and height what
does that mean a lot of people have
asked that there were a hundred people
in a room just at random mm-hmm I think
that's how it works he would be taller
than 90 minute or is it 99 of them or 98
one of the two Oh baby I can see it I
felt weird so in other words then that
goes with people that are his age my
mother there were a hundred two year
olds he's in the top 2% of height you
will yeah so what it means is like he'd
be taller than 99 of them yeah or he'd
be there yet 99 98 of Oh Manny be nice
like that only be one person talking on
him he is 3 feet and 2 inches and 32
pounds and 10 ounces which was like 85
83%
so he's both of them are super tall but
they're not like super heavy but they
still are happy I mean it's still like
oh that's all a lot of ways it's all my
mom texted me today and she said that
when I was his age I was 36 inches and
so I was 2 inches shorter and I was 28
pounds so I was about 5 or 5 pounds
smaller because he's almost 33 pounds so
I looked online because a lot of people
say that when someone turns to if you
double their height you will get that's
all they're gonna be as an adult right
that people have saved yours
it's been six feet and you're about 6 1
so exactly I can yeah it says it's off
about 2 to 4 inches sometimes which is a
huge range yeah yeah
I've seen other people say it's 2 inches
so if that was the case if we doubled
his height at 2 years old right now he'd
be 6 4 which is pretty tall pretty tall
and even if he didn't hit 6 4 he's like
Institute or he could be 6 6 the other
thing that people do to predict height
and we'll see if this is accurate in
many many many many years did you take
my height plus your height in inches and
then you add five inches if it's a boy
or you subtract five inches as a girl
and then you divide it by two so I did
the math let's say I'm six foot one okay
so that's 73 inches it's a your five
foot ten I might be six foot two we
don't even know
that's seven inches 73 Plus 70 is 143
inches plus five is 148 inches divided
by 2 would be 6 foot 2 74 inches so he
could come out your height he also might
stay small no anyways it's interesting
because no is on pace to be a pretty
tall person yeah I mean at least 6 feet
if he was not taller than I dread
feeling though that he will be around 6
for others don't worry I just always
thought that I'm like he's gonna be
taller than us and so if we did the same
thing with relatives we did the same
thing with Penelope she'd be about
five-nine five-ten I think well she's
not too yet so no I mean but if we just
did the adding her
oh right - 5 - maybe - your kind of
thing yeah so kind of interesting we
have big kids tall kids I mean they're
told
I'm considered taller both consider tall
people so be really good we'll see
should we make predictions I think he's
gonna be at least 6 3 meet you we'll
check back in in about 16 years since
Noah did so good at his doctor
appointment with them you can treat and
we're getting ice cream and also I just
really want some frozen yogurt so how
what do you say some ice cream I see
yeah let's get some ice cream and say
I'm stickin Illin up because I turn up
we're trained enough
hey that was mine
good thanks Sheldon you understand this
the music in here
that was a huge bite advice too big it's
too big
whoa
coupons in the fall
boys for what this one this one and this
one particular she wants to eat
everything in sight you're trying to get
her toes yeah no and I'm in black
panting there's 100 degrees i know i
know wrestling babe oh wait that up
there who is that witch i'm melting down
here sassy one bundok all right it was a
Cuban curly hers is just six great food
yummy hey sissy you're gonna eat it I
don't want to choke either it's a lot
mom it's coming out mom mommy's coming
out hmm
what do you think Noah right way
this is the best part about the eating
process right here with her what what
that's enough for tonight oh is that not
good no I think it's pretty good
persistent my we didn't squash with him
first I think Oh banana no I think no I
think we did squash we didn't we held up
in the fruits until he ate the
vegetables mom what I've been buying
rice cereal me the one who liked it
now we know for the future children we
have to think what it's like having
something like that in your mouth it's
like what do we do with Noah we put like
barely any milk
oh yeah we're just giving him like I
remember that super liquidy I really
like um add some consistency here use
this you know good job
semicolon bik's new event preview in the
ending we film four events yesterday
things got a little heated and
controversial
