want some heroes in our story we need
highlights for a nightlight we need
glory for a while we want results we
want results get our families and our
folks bombs bursting in air oh say can
you see America face the shared pair
parents took a care of the place we just
went there is to pick up the narrative
space put on a show for us hello for us
make it easy make some old for us save
the day we want a w we try to pick in
different sides I got your jersey just a
different size we all want you to be a
buzzer-beater find us a leader far from
Silent Bob's and cousin skeeters thru
the perilous fight want you to be brave
you want us a hero we need a teammate
people people we the people would like
you to know that wherever you go we're
right by your side
another party for us I see Noah has a
lot of energy today back to the pool
we're here Sam's here today with us
we're just having fun time huh I've
always been catching the ball as he go
down to the pool it's pretty cool let's
go see if we cannot serve think I'm
doing on me oh yeah cool look who's in
the water is Penelope hey look up look
up at me though she's safe and then I
know oh you want your child to cuz i
have my tell are you done swimming
already
oh now she's in her bathing suit she's
not complaining ah poor sitting I think
a little bet ya know what do you think
of sits in the pool cool are you gonna
sit in it like sissy and nothing like a
PB&J at the pool am i right it's a good
Noah has found the girl that he wants to
fight with at the pool today he will
continue to follow her and do as little
as Jen says flirt smile let's tune in
every single time every single turn I
heard him as he was walking over he was
like I'm Nona I know I know I like
practicing what to say not now he's
asking for his ball because he wants to
show off you looking for your ball where
is it what's in there you gonna show off
you show your skills
did it jump in show off I don't know to
step in and the beautiful out and we're
going to the fair the cast valley fairs
in town I'm really excited to be fun
almost every year we have we've done
actually few times with your family I
know is that we enter twice it's really
fun it's I was kind of get home I just
love it kind of run that was a pretty
good corn dog is that for a good corn
dog and funnel cake and all the fun fair
food goodness yeah how did Graham is
just go this way um yeah actually find
Noah last time he was here feel like he
was either crawling or maybe who's
walking back you know he's walking I
don't know and Ashley he liked reading
I'm last year remember I don't remember
I don't know these are the remember we
could go back and see I know we filmed
here last last time we came for that
yeah but I feel like I love you and I
feel like Jason yeah as I say I think
Christy's me I don't remember why though
man ok let's go to say it's really fun
it's right here geek said no yeah you
excited yo this is first time feel like
know what's going on he's like wow look
at all this stuff yeah this was been
saying full sentences minus a few words
it's awesome they have a elephant ear
which we think you like said we don't
know how to feel about it and I'm not
gonna feel about the elephant being here
let it know an elephant a real-life
elephant
Oh
don't feel about it
whether the stairs to come up Stella fat
they're so big you forgot big they
already know what do you see hi a horse
yeah there's another word of horse yeah
that our horses there we go roadie for
tomorrow I think I see your horse you
see a horse
yeah not side there's a horse awesome
watch oh here goes to doggie
Wow with all these pigeons and birds and
things do you think I over here like the
bunnies kind of stinks in here it's poor
guys hey sure set them all free holy
that guy turned like a nice fur jacket
for the winter and that's when it's yeah
panda pigeon look it is fillers do that
what's it's weird like a turtleneck
sissy's joined the scene woke up this is
what we're gonna do we're gonna go home
take a nap and then we'll come back and
write down all the rights okay the ones
that you want to go on is that cool no
no go on the ferris wheel today
yeah you guys are kind of matching near
flowers it's very pretty sure or not I
do not need the magic however pants do
this is the six month check out our corn
dog no had some chick-fil-a nuggets I
had a chicken burrito oh the melding
hands anymore because each and yet were
you guys holding hands it was so sweet
I turn around I know what I was handing
them and then we pulled this thing back
in his only heard and they're just
smiling at each other oh such a good big
brother here a good big brother the
awesome thing about having a fair that's
in town and close is that we can just go
back later when it's free entry and
everything it's awesome so we're gonna
go home and have naps and then head back
to the fair later so my best friend
Shelby is having a baby girl and we're
really excited and I'm going to a baby
shower tomorrow I think she doesn't
realize that it's act in actual baby
shower she was like all my vintage some
friends are just throwing a brunch like
it's nothing big don't bring anything
it's just so I get together but then her
friend had messaged me and said Shelby
doesn't know that it's actually bigger
than its bigger than she thinks it is
basically so I'm really excited to see
her and I went old navy really quick to
get her something for the baby and I
have a different Penelope too because
it's so cute look at this old nanny is
stepping up their game let's see if i
can it's kind of sunny and bright look
at this little jumper it's maroon and
i'm obsessed with it Oh quarter yet
maroon cord right and it's so cute it's
so hard to see it there we go and then
some little shirts to go with it little
long sleeve shirts they're so cute
everything in there right now for baby
girls is like floral and maroon and
beautiful it's honestly I'm like this
stuff looks like it could be in gap or
j.crew or something well maybe stepping
up their game it's very hard to not buy
something me go out there so we actually
didn't make it back to the fair I'm not
really disappointing we tried to drive
back and there was just nowhere to park
so you want and hung out with thao and
you guys actually saw that burned
another block no kind of confusing
samick Olympics update I think we might
be filming on monday so we could have a
video by tuesday or wednesday hopefully
and we have 10 events in total we've
only done two so there's there will be
at least eight more videos plus we need
to make the decision on the tiebreaker
still most you guys said that I should
get three points which I appreciate
that's late i just edited this vlog it
was a little bit different and tomorrow
we'll be back at him see you guys then
love ya peace
yeah over there can you throw a rock
over there yeah let's see through the
legs let's see whoa
nice
right by your side
