two cute babies conse looks like you
like I love you and that's you she's
standing with those big eyes and just
stares lovingly at you my song is for
Penelope
she's walking kids by
Hey did you have fun at the music class
don't evil again yeah no no I show me
how you show me how you wave it show me
good job good shakers shaker - are you
shaking Sam you oh and you won't go home
but what about next week you might go
back next week
oh he will he loved it Suzy told us
about the free music class today all in
support of classes for children that was
all about it so the only ones here so
far hopeful more will show up
because my running after kids
Oh make new friends anyway we were on
our way home and we drove past the gem
fast Petsmart so I'm like one started to
the animals might as well let's see him
get a little bit done so we're gonna go
to the animals
um I filmed a little bit the music class
it was pretty good it was great she was
really nice and she played all her own
music and just really good voice it was
fun I try to get little clips of them
like dancing around and it was fun okay
no it's gonna do the baton first
go in a circle go in the circle
yeah it's gonna start September 22nd
through November 10th and like yes we
were signing up because that's gonna
start getting cold and where anything's
to do no one wants to get out the car um
that's pretty good price I really loved
it I think know will really enjoy going
to it and I loves I want him to learn
more about music cuz he loves dancing so
much so next week is another free class
if any of you guys and Logan are
interested it's pretty awesome let's go
see some animals get their food oh yeah
they eat it
let's not poop that's just their house
whoa what is that it's called a guinea
pig I don't think there's anything in
there
Bank any Pig
I'm inside yeah that's his food we say
food he says young for food that's his
young yeah Oh Oh little mice I don't
like mice are baby mice huh
hi there I'm bye-bye yeah why you like
that music class - although I wish I
would have slept longer and we should
have slept a little longer rosy cheeks
and then you are they homes at their
house shut their house
are you counting them
she goes who the cats look at all of
these outfits like all the wings over
here yeah bb8 dog let's go see the cat
doc this way then oh that one's fluffy
huh Felicia why hello miss Felicia but
whenever Felicia isn't she very fluffy
cat Oh
Kellan Kip Kip and kal ha ha ha
skipping cow ok so Dave came over and I
showed in my painting some last night
and all right let's see a little bit
better now on the day light kind of
there's just so much in in them that
like it's hard to show everything on
camera than this one like it kind of
changed oh there we go that's better
see I just love like all the textures in
there I'm kind of obsessed I need to
order more paper pronto I love this
section isn't that beautiful
anyway there's also metallics and like
we talked silver
so why gesture it is beautiful thanks
anyway I started a pink one not showing
David what I do so now he's going to
make one the student has learned from
the master
so pink come on well although I'm still
I'm just learning but these are just
these are my first ones like this is all
trial and error really well it's just
you just look at the water let's write
off watermelon it's watermelon not red
whatever if you want to test you can
test some closure on this paper and it
was really fun I had a really fun time
last night it's very relaxing I just
love it well I was watching a lot of
YouTube videos of this gentleman doing
alcohol ink when I first sound like all
this this is awesome and he really just
does uses his heat tool
I need a natural
tool so it would be a little easier to
work than the blow-dryer but hey three
what I'm free today I got it um but he
does that like he has a few word he just
does the heat and then like adds a few
other colors and stuff but what I did
was I went back in with a little paint
brush and went back in and did all the
detail with my paint brush so it's like
natural like I put the I blue the color
on to get like the natural pattern that
it just kind of created and then I just
went in with my paint brush and other
colors and I'm just more alcohol and
just kind of put it where I wanted to go
lieutenant Cole is right here yeah yeah
shake it up shake it up really good now
the other ones don't need me shaking it
with just that one until you hear the
bobble there's like a little meat in
there mix it all up like the pink pink
gamester anyway this is what I'm
currently working on it's kind of it's
like I'm kinda making that into a shell
I think yeah I know this corners not
messed up I need a fix if you think you
go into this thinking would be like
super easy because that's what I did
taste like oh oh don't you worry all
those gems I got this I just like keep
looking over and I'll show you mine oh
I'll show you mine this is the one I'm
currently working on right now I'm
really enjoying it I'll show you when
it's done
Jenna cos expertise we were able to turn
it from melted rainbow sherbet ice cream
to a nice sea of jellyfish so that is
pretty cool yeah not really nice I
actually really do like it I was
thinking about adding some like silver
tones or some like gold tones but I
think
I'm just gonna leave it how it is
sometimes the simplistic is better no
it's really not that simplistic so yeah
it's really kind of really complex
actually fix a little bit so I posted it
text in the blog saying and I just need
to invest in an outer box or a lifeproof
case now because this is not the one two
third time we've happened so I like the
fact that a phone scheme screen can
break it and the heat side so much yeah
because there is such thing as shower
proof glass and they just will not put
them on phones because they make more
money putting
showering glass okay it's a complex more
complex situation no no it's not it's
put some shatterproof glass on like
Sampson does but I'm sure anyways Jen's
had a lot other bad loans especially
this one this one has fallen in the
toilet shattered glass you've how many
screens were shattered in our marriage I
want to say at least four or five so
maybe 20 light year four of your hair
phone and then she shattered my brand
new phone I got it yeah a week after I
got it
I'm sorry I still feel bad about that
one I've always lived without a case but
that's just like I just like it like
that
and I don't have any problems usually
done on the other hand we need to like
bubble wrap yes I just like always I
just being a mom you have seen millions
of things in their hands at once I just
forget that's in my hand or in my pocket
and it just falls all the time so we're
gonna go get it fixed
yeah we're gonna see if we can get the
old look on mine and give you a nice
case anyway so that's a weird time right
now because she's still tired and I've
walked you painting last night but the
audio was working yeah I can't reassure
that's good you paint with David today
yeah
the same moment I have a thing called
son sneezing a true syndrome it's a real
fact about Sam that you may not have
known is that he has a chief Anjaani 5
percent of people have it running for it
I wrote a paper about it freshman year
in English class I've said this in the
vlogs before yeah so if I just thought
if he sneeze when you're exposed to
bright lights you have a chiusa term
probably that's you some joke it's a
real thing
it's a funny noise I Madison oh yeah
Simic Olympics has caused high zamak
Olympics has made me in my office more
editing and I've had to put a lot more
time into that and I even want to do
more there's more I wanted to I always
want to do more and more and more edits
so it's been kind of intense you know we
should we we need to do better planning
not our filming and then I can just be
more prepared but it's been really fun
have you guys enjoyed the say Mike
Olympics so far today we're actually
probably not going to post one but
hopefully tomorrow or the next day we're
in a space amount ten events but are you
enjoying them so far I want to have a
mix of vlog anthemic Olympics final hi
buddy how do we give you shoes yeah I
did okay bye so are you enjoying them I
hope you are cuz it's been a lot of fun
for us since we're all so we love
everyone there's no bad blood some
people are like man you guys are so mean
force me to do some meeting each other
this is for a friendly competition that
we're all very when we're being like
when we're jabbing each other it's not
serious you guys definitely have been oh
yeah we had dogdom with edit oh yeah no
we've been really good a hard time yeah
that's kind of Jen and Anne's
relationship it's kind of like a cake or
something you know no way we're in the
same grill limping I can wait till after
the Senate Olympics okay fair enough
now I treated my deficit my right eye
oh yeah someone else commented and said
I've been trying to figure out her
relation to although she my relation to
everyone
they said I never date hon is your
brother and David is just like a friend
or something that's so funny about this
girl there who ever was thought Diane
was your brother
that's like school basically I treated
my such so doesn't mess with Dejan more
than I even mess with my own brother
it's just more fun sometimes hilarious
but it's all I love you guys I love the
same feel a big competition is just fun
yeah and I think most of us understand
yeah
nope
