goodnight goodnight goodnight goodnight
goodnight goodnight plays it's a bunny I
want you to go to sleep goodnight
this is proof everyone this is proof
this is her in bed right now kicking up
a storm
goodnight goodnight night why are you
asleep
why are you going to sleep I just was a
thing I just like going that night and
she started busting up so I pulled out
my phone and took some Instagram videos
of it and now like no like Sam give me
the camera
give me the camera cuz she's laughing so
much and I need some proof poop though
making her laugh first Hey goodnight
goodnight goodnight you look crazy baby
why are you going to bed what are you
going to do today
oh what's that sound oh it is that sound
good night hmm
I do really want you to go to sleep so
can you please go to sleep now please
please go sleep that was the face that
your brother makes you please go to eat
now look how big she is getting
everybody look at this pack and play
she's getting so big it's almost any
time for your crib
really you need a crib girlfriend you
need a crib girlfriend
okay now is helping with his sandwich
today we are out of butter okay baby
I'm going for the baby in the carrier oh
okay okay
oh wait here good I like this
piece of cheese I'm gonna put some
turkey okay jeez
one more half cheese so it stays in
place okay put the other piece of bread
on top now put this piece of bread on
top let's push you over here well what's
a clothesline okay my little sous-chef
my little sous chef this is Ben his
happy place lately but I'm currently
reading a book called the child
Whisperer it was actually recommended to
me by a cute viewer in her mom that I
met at one of the events and so I'm
finally reading it I'm like okay I need
to understand my child better and they
swore by the book so we'll see how that
I just started it
you can eat that if you want to see if I
can better understand
Noah's true true nature huh so I'll give
you guys a review after I read it or let
me know if any of you have read it and
if you enjoyed it sauly baby rap notes
trying it out I bought that well she
hated it because it's mainly for like
chest to chest like keeping your baby
biting the body and that's her lease her
position of life she likes being out
just out this is her happy place like
this out so I have not used it since our
summer trip yeah you can use that one of
you is this Bob right now
but that's alright never gonna forget
voila grilled cheese how was your
sandwich was it good
no one loves to just destroy puzzles and
make a mess for me to clean up hi hi she
just did some tummy time what are you
doing now are you trying to grab that
I'll probably put it in your mouth
because I feel like she's teething on
her on the bottom like I feel like she
has oh maybe one tooth starting it's
early progression up but I don't know
make sure I have teeth months but I just
feel like she's gonna teeth before and
know what I think she's gonna get teeth
faster than he did it's only one day
Monday so blog post partum this time
around has really not been as bad like
then when I had postpartum with Noah it
was like up and down a lot but I'm
feeling well up and down lately
whoa just home or just getting annoyed
at everything I tried to work through it
all you mom's and people who deal with
postpartum deal with it as well you're
not alone you are not alone good thing
you're so cute you're so cute he I was
to picture on Twitter today
on this face he's starting to do like
this like he looks just like me right
now and it was funny as Pippo our niece
was making that face when we were
visiting her and now no one's making
that face and I'm like don't think that
baby isn't scary oh it's kind of funny
can whenever he knows he's not so what
we doing something he like like he took
my keys this morning he was like like
looking around like making evil
he's doing it right now he doesn't know
you to start laughing because he thinks
it's funny but sometimes when he is mad
today I'm like oh you look like a
teenager we're gonna get that face for
the rest of my life how about this
smiley faces T's GTG PvP Oh
so they face got your silly face the in
your silly face it's also time to raise
this seat up because he can walk and
he's like oh did you just poop I hope
not ground to snow cones
I couldn't help but they're so delicious
who's with us today
I got Tigers blood and passion fruit
know that Tigers would be raspberry
would you get
no you got mango raspberry yeah I was so
good you did I bet my better look at
what Sam just put together was I noticed
birthday because also one of the
greatest games ever played by Chris
Bryant so I got the baseball card of
that day yeah look at their faces
looking nospace Coco's here I think that
all the boys are coming over tonight to
film some sambuca Olympic men's
gymnastics finals are tonight
oh are you trying through skin you show
me James again huh hey four-month old
guys that happen so fast
pretty soon she's gonna be six months
and like crawling there you go you go
you like to or not now huh what are you
doing it's like so heavy this stick you
take falling over yeah it's pretty
important anymore now I know but the one
do you see the one on the ground in
there yeah no yeah we've got some giant
cucumbers coming nice and then another
one down there so nice all the hard work
is paid off only three I think we're
only gonna get three for harvest but
that's okay there's another little one
over here trying to grow somewhere oh
yeah a tiny little peppers aren't doing
too bad
no the peppers are doing great tomatoes
are doing real business you need to
ripen up yeah there's some that are kind
of weird shaped there's someone dream
red down there there's a little one
turning red we got some big ones coming
in I picked one it's in the fridge you
should eat it look at that little one
turning red mr. cheese man let's cook
beep beep - baby Coco oh ok Noah's been
riding feet up a lot sam says show it
how you ride your bike
he needs his UM seat put up yeah
good job yeah and and um he was on the
bikes they before the pedals music the
pedaling today Wow yeah show me how fast
you go oh my gosh look at that he just
saved their real bike soon Wow these
bikes work he loves going down look at
the curb
good job go fast and show me how you put
your feet up yeah let me see right again
go that way go this way so man you put
your feet up
cruisin Wow I think we're supposed to go
to and I filmed Penelope
laughing so I win you got second place
does that mean no I got first place that
means that means that's one point for me
Samak Olympics they have bikes yeah
alright
the gentlemen are here where all goes at
though Haley oh my I see it Haley
where's Haley alright we're gonna go do
our first same film picks event I think
I want to choose a dance-off for mine
and let you the viewers decide who the
winner is at that point I feel like by
default everybody's just gonna be
ingrained to choose gen like no matter
who is the actual winner gen just gonna
be the winner on everything love you
guys team Jen love ya what about team
David yeah see bring even though there's
some good dance moves right there though
I got competition I've got competition I
feel like I feel like it's just a walk
in a Drake video okay that's unoriginal
see that was great that was great that
was totally dejan yeah
Tyler big win no hands down
sneak peek at the sanika Olympics sneak
peek okay you guys just saw event number
one of the Samak Olympics
tomorrow you will see adventure two good
time so far
we filmed two events tonight definitely
enjoying ourselves it's funny I feel
like we'll have to continue to do
something like this even when the
Olympics are over these little
competitions because they're pretty fun
post who you think will win event number
two and we will see you guys tomorrow
love ya
you just saw the garbage Chuck he's on
that side right now did you come over
into our side now where do you go if I
lie but he hasn't grabbed our teen yet
did you even come back yeah can you sure
he's coming back
