when I was like like like when I was
going to bed oh my how excited you get
for Christmas next day
guys sorry about this little blur right
here that is something we need to get
fixed so the camera is fine but there's
a little dot inside the glass right
there and so sometimes it really shows
up in that second that's why I got
insurance for the camera so we need to
get that like sent in or something done
oh my goodness that is very distracting
there's like a ghost with us dad it's
worse than last camera never one can
tell you about that one I know maybe we
should keep using the last one Wow we
are getting some items for Samuel
Olympics yes I don't want to show up
they are I wish we could show sneak
peeks of ours a sneak peek the derechos
nique peek no I haven't just look at
there's a torch let's just get those
medals
who is it laughs why I don't know what
that is did you get here yeah superhero
okay what else do you get yeah beep ha
cool that's a sports ball song no we
didn't buy those so I needed talking at
this very rare occasion or my child is
laying with me look at her she's giving
me a cuddle I love it right now I love
this right now she looks like Java can
you see her through the camera yeah I'm
dying this is my heaven this is happy
place right here her wanting to cuddle
me she hates being face-to-face guy who
just and your hates it yes until she's
done cuddling me she hates coming like
this oh my goodness I'm so happy I'm so
happy I'm getting the best cuddle ever
from my baby I am like super excited
because I just got so inspired last
night I was up late watching art videos
for way too long can I hug her longest
stretch of sleep and I'm gonna come get
you and she was up for like 7 hours and
I was awake the entire seven hours I
should have found a button but I didn't
anyway um so my friend from back home
has been doing art with resin like surf
resin and she mixes colors in it in
pours it and it's like it just melts
beautifully together and I really want
to try that but while I was like
researching resin art for hours I
discovered im- of art buying like I'm
ready to go mom a different type of art
called it's um alcohol ink that's what
like that ink is called and you mix it
with just straight like rubbing alcohol
and it it looks amazing it's just like
it looks like watercolor I've seen
people do this I didn't know what they
were using to like make it spread so
beautifully abstract is like really cool
abstract anyway and you can do other
things with it i was watching videos for
hours last night because I was like I
was so excited and I was like what I was
like like when I was going to bed Oh
why how excited you get for Christmas
next day I was excited to wake up and
come to the craft store um so I brought
not with me but I'll be sleeping she's
probably wake now but hopefully not
hopefully soon can get some stuff done
early shower so we're gonna come in here
look for ink and paper and all this
stuff and I'm gonna see how that I wrote
a list of things down that I want to get
while I was watching other people's
videos all night and so we really find
let's go and maybe i'll show you guys
i'll show you guys the finished products
and some of the process if they look
cool if i really like it I'm excited
though it looks like watercolor and I
love that so good see the Donna melons
oh let's really go very much but it
makes it so blurry well what you haven't
seen it's good oh my remix it time can I
didn't want a smiling come on time come
on come on T die all right hobby lobby
was a bust then have the ink or the
paper I wanted
not the ink or the paper so when we go
check out Michaels they'll probably have
have a more the stuff i looked on my I
said that they do care the paper both
with the carrion source will see after
this film when I thought at my face
because Noah was crying but I did find
some ink look at this is metallic I
found the ink but no place is carried a
paper so i'm going to check hobby lobby
one more time because now I know it's
section everything's in and this is
happening it's not all there we go i'm
editing away have you been in this head
mode like edit edit crazy night edit
mode for a long time the fence fun the
same time I'm like oh like mentally
great that's great that often though but
oh oh it's just like me Wang so okay
well I fishs not all my birthday money
on art supplies which is birthday so I
have that stuff for Michaels and I went
into hobby lobby to go see more things I
got some different paper to try while I
or the other stuff and some other kind
of card stock paper for stamping out is
to stamp and I see people use online
some spray bottle some little dipper
things whether the cob I got another ink
that was more expensive at how Michaels
so I was like oh sweets a little cheaper
here and I thought it so now I want to
go home and try it just test went out
while I'm still sleeping hopefully he'll
be still asleep okay oh I'm about to get
her to roll over wait what to go PG go
go go go go go go she's so close oh she
was so close window seat
we're so close no oh don't cry okay you
were so close though you really were so
close go for tonight babies down sweet
wash the Olympics is the opening
ceremony starts uh ready uh yeah go USA
I Wilbur Smith I will I will my big
secret balls if I have it bolante give
vamos leave that well ok that's me
because I'm representing I'm
representing this country as well as
United States in Haiti I love the
cousins just like listen we can read you
another one but those nice thats it's
all good
I like the high thank you sir hi you're
welcome hats cooking with jen and Noah
how's it going my cooking up John guy
song go anyway stay you're cooking with
jenica and Noah huh we're cooking egg
sandwiches twin babies I twin babies you
guys are so cute in your matching
onesies it's Charlie squishy Oh are they
squishy hey which one's baby sissy Noah
hey sissy yeah and coke goes baby whoa
are you dancing with them just be
genitals dancing with this is that too
dance partners Laius a gun I'm trying to
get right up in this course he is
identical goods and then you'll find
they talk about what talk a walk shuffle
up can you tell that no house have the
attention on him at all times no can you
sing a beep beep for baby Coco
she doesn't she's so cute okay I
shuffler film the car because we're
jam-packed huh yeah you're right bye
baby sissy huh and baby ko ko baby ko ko
ko' Hastings unfortunately is going
thank you forgetting that word they're
going out of business so we're gonna go
hit up the sale and see if he's not the
books for cheap invited me by da da da
da house your house your snow cones Oh
YUM yeah we both got one huh
you just can't help it I know right you
gotta dance a little cool play huh
baseball over the flag now you just say
America now thank you r2d2 looks like no
one really wants r2d2 are too yeah are
two you can see are two what do you have
there come on are you sure that's the
one you want squishy and big can you
flip over there's onto your side you're
getting closer or not hi hi good job
you're doing so well good job hi o space
plant faceplant roll over roll over oh
Santa hi good job you're getting
stronger good playing face off showdown
whoa there you go you did it haha hey
you did it good job you're so excited
I
