because I'm not gonna name any names but
someone brought headlights from New York
this oh well this is the camera using
vice prevention part one good
may I just say that you guys are not
ready for sanika Olympics this year a
marriage n hopefully you know it comes
the other right because I had a little
mini planning session got some things
ordered and I think it's gonna be pretty
fun and funny and exciting oh gosh think
ahead when this yeah yes mummy I voted
for you three cause last time we did the
same week Olympics it was just Jen and I
yes we didn't have any kids yet and now
we have two kids babies so I'm not sure
exactly the day we're gonna post the
first one but probably right around
opening ceremonies about the day after
I'll let you guys know for sure either
in the blog or Twitter Instagram or
something we've also been coming up with
a list of games and activities every
name participating in and it'll be more
than just me and Jen participating
that's another part of it yes this music
can you hear it it reminds me of the
Olympics for some reason I wanted to
give a quick shout-out to Angry Birds
pop they're sponsoring today's video
this is a game that Jen and I have been
playing on our mobile devices lately let
me just show you it's loading up right
now can you focus focus focus as you
guys can see by my doppleganger photo
right there from my facebook profile I'm
currently on level 46 Jen love are you
on 25 that's when they had a little bit
of difficulty my sister used to always
ask me to complete levels for her that
she can finish in games and we were
growing up right she did last night yeah
that's funny
level 25 I do believe I got three stars
on it what this game is Angry Birds pop
its basic basically Angry Birds meets a
bubble shooter kind of game
I really like it cuz visually I love the
colors and I also think it's very
rewarding when you get a good combo of
some sort sometimes I'll sneak like a
bubble ball in the back and the whole
thing will fall down and I'll be like yo
this isn't actually the level that
Jenn's doing right now but as you guys
can see sorry I'm looking at the camera
trying to play you pulled the bull's
back based on the colors you match them
up with the other ones I don't know I
messed up there and then you now come
down the objective is to like save those
piggies and sometimes there's little
things at the top that you have to save
- I'm not sure exactly what they are on
a roll if you get combos yet little
specialty looking at those bouncing off
the wall with so anyways that's kind of
the gist of it I'll show you something
else I like about it
I'm quitting level I shouldn't have done
that I think it's fun that there's also
little achievements so like right here I
collected 100 stars so I get these
little rewards which are special balls
that you can use in the levels and so
like for a gen for example if she's
stuck on level 25 using those special
balls is like definitely the way to get
by yeah I am this game has been
downloaded over 25 million times which
is a lot
it is pretty addicting it's one of those
games that I like to play just relax and
just chill out calm down maybe at night
it's been really fun and Jenna and I
always like kind of playing and scene
you can get further in the levels so
we'll catch up anyways if you guys want
to go check it out I'll put a link in
the description or you can go download
the app for free and play it on your
mobile device if you are already playing
it and I'm sure many of you guys already
are let me know what level you guys are
on right now post it in the comments and
let me know what you guys think of the
game Jen's still I'm 25 right now I was
gonna tune in and see if she could pass
it but you might need my help I haven't
been stuck on any yet seriously
actually I've had to retry use the ones
Devon oh yeah but I mean well no I don't
want to waste it it's got a quick we're
here at the Logan Aquatic Center this is
my first time ever coming here the
person rinoa here and Stacy ITEX you
said hey you want the pool today I was
like yes you can we have not hung out
like all summer long on somebody trips
oh here we go
hi baby friend it's a job bill it's
Dasia bill before this was today with
noah and now it's pj and Tyler oh my
gosh that looks so concerned like what
is that contraption and these two cuties
are sharing a snow cone what some more
okay no you take your bite
okay now that's that same have a bite
you scoop it scoop some good job
this pool is awesome though this whole
area is like a shallow and it's so nice
and I have deep the deep side over there
and not cool and they have slides how
can we've never been here before Noah we
gotta come more okay
nothing like two friends sharing a
Slurpee
that's what summer is about can you okay
let's hold up there you go and these two
are just old shadow boxes over here
alright our friends and we made a little
pit stop because I'm not gonna name any
names but someone brought advice from
New York oh they said in the blog they
said I applies to so Cooper and Christy
and I live there you go
we don't know yeah we don't know we
don't we don't we don't we all watch
that League it takes up to OB
looks like there's no one in Jen's
biggest phobia stirring up the other
thing is has ice because I got a very
grown-up age eighth grade I got
headlights the first time I didn't know
what it was so I had it for a long time
not knowing what it was why these buds
were like appearing out of nowhere so
yeah it was terrible and very
embarrassing it's just it scarred me for
life literally so we're just you know
being from preventative we don't have it
right now but I just my scalp is extra
dry right now because Utah is so dry and
I already have a dry scalp so is itchy
and I'm just like it's a paranoid so
high well our cousin Amy um she texted
me that tea tree oil actually helps
prevent and kill lice better than like
the actual nice shampoos do so I got
some teeth like all-natural tea tree oil
cuz she said you'd make a little mixture
with some water and do a little
treatment preventive her preventive work
yes and then got some tea tree shampoo
and conditioner it was funny cuz she had
texted me today and she's like tell me
all this stuff and she said this family
is all doing it this family's own thing
all the families are like trying to
prevent the life spread right now
hopefully no one gets it that this kind
of snips in the butt but yeah I'm just a
little paranoid and I kept looking at
all of them and crispy like stop staring
at us I'm like I'm sorry I'm paranoid
like I'm gonna be I'm gonna go staring
at you I probably would do anything for
me but I think we have but I'm gonna
make all of us plants for Jenna all of
us will be doing the scalp treatment I
support Jenna and her
and my craziness we just had a delicious
dinner at may Mo's the bull gang and it
was really delicious I'm really good and
now we were up at the legacy fields at
my campus play some baseball play some
baseball
he either fixes his hand hold hold that
Matt better look at dad he's too
distracted by the game coming and up no
look at the bat look at the ball he just
wants everyone to watch
whoa yeah where the bases run the bases
that's really good
Wow I even bought some sneakers yeah oh
yeah that's a nice soccer ball thank you
brand-new yeah look at Tyler's now an
adidas guy I'm gonna need this guy now
Samba those are the only shoes who will
wear they're my own I should realize
you're not wearing your pants
I've warm all day today then it got hot
and I got a liar and I always try to
wear my Haley so that they don't work
with your pants I think and I can't
remember what day it was
I always be writing down your wedding
day no wedding day actually warm Wow we
showed up to the hotel I know I've worn
them everyday it's just for a year right
yeah just for you actually why without
washing can you wash them at least one
set the year mark just like swap them
out with like the dirt out there like a
broom or something yeah pretty much
labor dirt yeah it it adds okay okay all
right how do you say how do you say
sporty I'm surprised you're not wearing
your reality whatever it is oh no you
have a mitt too high school minute all
the memories in this bed this is my they
have an arm it's match
oh wow I got a mitt 85,000 it was a the
cheapest one there
desert you know this oh well this is my
camera were using ah you're currently
spring fans head with tea tree oil water
mix nice red wine hood glass makes so
lots of hair so I'm really just getting
to use a strong oh good strong okay here
we go
it smells like salami yeah nice
prevention part one in a recording can
you see me in the camera do you see me
oh no you have to see what's going on
today while I was out there's one thing
that we didn't mention in the vlogs
we've been working on for our whole
marriage five to six years do you know
what I want the Givi communication what
have we been working on yeah and today I
just made one for it just to help us
thank you feel good oh no way
yes it's got food water first aid warmth
as water pouches stainless steel cup
flashlight a whistle I just want a piece
me confused
first aid hygiene kit waterproof matches
blanket emergency poncho playing cards I
guess that's part of a five days of
Ellicott City board has a bassoon and
serial brown sugar cereal creamy pasta
southeast southwest beans and rice ready
tortilla soup anyway most ordering
didn't and we just forgot I think I had
night I think I drove an order - you
don't want on themselves so glad you got
that
can you sure you what else I got this is
for you and your ring Oh ready cool
awesome oh yeah you buddy got one oh I
need to do like a new office tour hey
Princeton basketball from 1944 and 1945
that my grandpa used my grandpa's humble
so not Anderson we've been with Anderson
family this is one that he used when he
was captain of the basketball team
the Princeton so he was actually gonna
clomid a bunch of the sports teams and
when he passed away this is one of the
things that I was able to hold on to so
yeah I definitely cherish it it's kind
of like a really cool family item that
I've always liked I was cool when I went
into his office
yeah today it's so awesome I love it and
I really like those pictures are really
cool yeah there's other ones there too
like Johnny coming back in life I
thought you could look at some of the
other stuff so they can make a decision
together cuz I was like how are we gonna
decorate his room okay we don't just
watch Star Wars something Facebook yeah
things any likes but I thought those you
just said yeah so perfect
do you like it no what oh I'm fronting
to the dock he's been so good about
putting it keeping it upstairs and we're
Iranian like oh we want stuff upstairs
yeah hey pass me we only get too many
sleeping and we're working pass he will
be gone this year oh yeah for sure
nose energy level just blasts up to like
1520 sauté oh that was one crazy
good job dude
good job dude
tonight
yeah
yeah
yay
