today's the day that y'all go home our
families already gone usually just need
indent here whatever let's go but court
tears still do and Kurt will be coming
to our house today sir he's not really
good thank you i showered how the kiddos
got there otter pops I know why we
didn't bust these out earlier ready go
home PJ yeah yeah yeah oh yeah oh yeah
Elliot twisty Sam see traigo Elliot yes
I'm gonna miss you were there any
bubbles outside your window in this trip
no werewolves you did when we were
together do you remember that how do I
stop wait Anderson what do you see out
your window same come here wow what you
see I saw washed out my window why were
you looking out the window because I saw
Wolf's out there were you sleepy did you
hear this tell me something out there
that's where I'm wearing red shorts no
chewing it just taking a nature one last
time sitting here on the dock thinking
about what's next in life maybe I'll
have mac and cheese for lunch maybe
fruit and vegetables
so sad so much anticipation natgeo
I z thanks for everything this is the
best
don't worry driving try likely been
anticipating this reunion for years yes
sir how many years two years I mean
they've been talking about it 80 when it
finally came it really happened we got
the place for at least three years I
think I know it's over so it's over it's
crazy it was so much fun we had the best
time I really did we were so fun you
need to know like all sounds family
better well my family do really I feel
ya and all the ones i have it and we got
wit those good to see we split with that
need to know that letter and it was just
everyone's are so caring i think
sometimes you can get in environments
like this and people get like really
competitive and i feel like you know
like all my life's doing this and i'm
just doing that sir everyone just seems
so nice and one of those lips each other
up and support it yeah yeah oh yeah did
you have fun yeah mu hey did you have
fun today on this trip yeah you sure did
you had a good time final goodbye I run
oh so nice to the kids oh yes hopefully
has never needed help and so many fun
activities the place that we went to
it's called Hidden Springs Ranch and a
lot of people are asking in the comments
like what is that place all done all
want a
Almonte oh my altamonte Cal Cal Cal
ready you talked ah well it stops guy
get some milk get James time you have
fun in the car ride oh you see me am i
upside down we're advocating for
advancing his family I've had every
single books the day it came out even
before chamber secrets I have the UK
version right on oh sorry everyone right
um anyway yesterday Harry Potter in the
first child screenplay was released as a
book and I'm just to go get it so we're
gonna make a quick pit stop because I
don't think they're gonna sell it in
logan because all the book stores are
closing and Logan so we are gonna stop
right now because we literally just
drove right by barnes noble on my way
home well it's the worker noble that we
went to for the dog sighting Oh
okay i said i think there's four in
sanibel of the section okay so where can
they go guess I'm so excited even though
it's just like the script I'm still so
excited a few moments later I should
wonder amazon i wanted it and they say
do you know that I'm right server i said
no one said you wanna reserve I'm like
no we don't live here I like fruit
yourself yeah they had nothing on
display nothing I walk in I thought
there'd be this huge display of just a
thousand bucks but nothing nothing not
even poster of the first child you don't
have it so we don't have it we're enjoy
like some I wanted I'm not we're not
giving up yet thank you know we are
gonna find us are currently stopped at a
Walmart I nurse the baby while the boys
ran into look to the book hi where's dad
I know us it took me so long they're
taking I see them coming they have a bag
in hand but I don't know if the book is
in the actual bag you see now on top of
his head of our way through the cars oh
no got a ball did it get it did to get
it do they get it to the gate but then
they get into the good idea to get it no
seriously seriously sold out
sold old out I'm not pulling your leg
you there what took so long we saw we
look went and looked at customer returns
oh that thing about the beauty of the
target target might be you know what you
just get home no we give it up oh she's
oh yeah mission accomplished success I
was on hold with Barnes in Deauville
right for you there is a girl in line in
front of me and she's like looks like
you've got your priorities right today
cuz she just hurry check out what's
address the book as well yeah and she's
like yeah okay so we'll be stopping at a
lot of places and I guess it's our third
stop and she walked out with dad eminen
so then I thought well like I had a bag
mmm screw the copier oh my god yes I
just looked on amazon tune it was gonna
take feeling very excited anyway guys uh
do you need me know where I'll be let me
know if you guys got it too hope you
like it you know I think I will I didn't
go away people just reading the inside
flap I'm like yes
so excited you think know why my keys
are you excited yeah now you decided
heiwajima Noah someone in a mom a hot
pot hot pot with a ha ha ha ha is that a
hot dog yes it is popcorn what pumper
all right how'd you say popcorn popper
usually hi you don't want to talk right
now excuse my fro lady quads right now i
also just we're all exhausted yeah we
have just been out and traveling so much
lately she's been such a bus there's so
many good times and memories we are
excited just to have some time at home
for a while although I do think in a
couple weeks two weeks three weeks will
be with Jen's family at the blessing of
Riker right here most likely everything
goes as planned and then after that
we'll probably see your family again
because we want to go to California and
spend some time with them some are
filled with family it's pretty much our
summer visiting family and being with
that road you don't get to see him a lot
hi now we have to I don't talk with you
I'm just glad that we both really cuz
he's older now officially a member yeah
people he's been a little chatterbox
lately so as we are home the next couple
days I'm going to try and capture more
of that hi yes you don't have a 70 eyes
on you in your life see us Noah no just
a popcorn oh yeah papa wait what else
did we learn in the car today we're
really working on a pronunciation maybe
I should let you two first yeah we're
trying to game because he you'll say
words like for Carlisle sadar for trying
yo huh no how's your cup noise he's a
guy yes it's against a ah he's a car oh
you got the baseball went in the car yea
the dead I got a baseball too oh my hey
babe what color is your baseball oh oh
what oh no what happened hey you're
quite Jake Burrell how could you say cow
cow the animal thing has been a struggle
because we taught them the animal noises
to go with it so instead of saying the
name he would I citic noses now we're
finally getting the names up right now I
can say horse horse hey what about baby
yeah brought the baby or solution yes
identifies all animals with babies I
know daddy and Mama sissy and there's a
Noah horse or cow depending on the
shapes and sizes okay what about this
one knowing pizza you say dog down no
talking dog good good I'm gonna let you
keep chewing though and eat your food we
also talked with all of our cousins who
have tons of kids about potty training
strategies as we get closer that because
it's almost about time to really you
know be like yeah let's do this
choo-choo chicken right i'm gonna i'm
planning on this
winter because we'll be stuck inside
it'll be a good time so we have a couple
strategies that will try out when we do
start them will let you guys know and
then well you know how it works because
for them it's all worked out pretty well
it works for us there must be something
behind every day um potty train thing
that works for them they do something
tomm begun okay let's finish eating I'm
sorry I don't mean to interrupt your
bike please sit down though please all
right let's have some family time bye
bye bye gorgeous no bye
alright so what other one is dinner our
friends and we made a little pit stop
because I'm not going to name any names
but someone brought headlights from New
York oh they said in the blog they said
in other walks i posted Gio's I applies
but you have two hits it to this oh well
this is what can we were using we are
currently spring fans had with tea tree
oil waterman bikes prevention part 1
they are recording good kind of it you
know
