look at this
HM it is hot I think we've had
record-setting
hot days here at Utah this here good
morning we are about to head off to the
family reunion and the car is completely
jam-packed with groceries because we
have to feed 70 people for one night
there's some hot buns right there
this car is jam packed as well and then
we got lucky - my dad's there's proof
it's not that pretty but it works 70
people one night I think that's what our
job is or is it a day - I don't know
some peeps driving through beautiful
guys it looks amazing look at this case
it's just like so we just out in the
middle of nowhere but look there's
horses and cows everywhere and the house
is up here we'll keep feeling as we get
closer because it's like are you excited
almost there every time any time we get
anywhere he always says anyway we're
getting closer and I don't know how many
people are left to still arrive it looks
like a Lincoln Log mansion a mansion of
Lincoln Logs
oh wow I'm excited look how beautiful it
is today - it's 91 degrees it's cooled
off because it was a hundred degrees
yeah the hundred in Salt Lake so wow
it's just like wide open that way
oh there is a barn Wow I feel like
you're at a lodge Wow look at this this
is huge this place is insane
Sam this place is insane
Wow I feel like we're walking into a
hotel lobby this is family look at this
couches
Silas look at more this whole level is
just nuts
hi daph
this cream Noah close go see our room
let's go see our room
Wow Lera this huge if use your bathroom
oh my gosh we're so lucky of kids yeah
well I mean young kids I should say me
us in court since we just had the babies
got our own bedrooms since they'll be
regulators yes oh my gosh look at this
it's incredible incredible an elevator
did you know that an elevator yeah no
singing Wow I wanna go check out your
room the same
right Wow
so amazing these rooms are so incredible
Wow Wow thing it's great
is it nice down here Wow look at this
bunk room this is crazy
oh we know over here Wow here more rooms
with beds and bunks that's so amazing
three storey bunk beds you have a
brother
oh wow communal bathrooms that's
interesting he's in this room who's in
here you guys wow this is crazy just
like full beds and then twin beds this
is nuts
all I didn't go down more bouts
Wow first night just getting settled in
Penelope is ready for bed yes she's been
through three onesies today poor thing
we just set up some spiked ball we got
man I'm not that's how I was thinking
she's just having wearing a shorts yeah
and then alternates um suits so he's
warm and know his back going strong
what's up death do you want to play
basketball we can play that was a hit
maybe not now cuz I think we're gonna do
s'mores we're never program and do
s'mores there's this amazing pool right
here all the kids are currently swimming
in right now and everyone's are still
out having fun you got volleyball over
there got Izzy over here what's up Izzy
is he's like Noah's new best friend
once again times two because they were
already best friends before you got
model RC cars over here I guess they're
not more cars but RC cars over here
lights
this giant place to live in got Bobby
here welcome back to the vlog and I
think every night I think every night
we're having like a program isn't there
program today as each each family in
charge of a program or activity and I'd
like the day of runs arriving and then
the next couple days would be more so
that but I think we're doing small
sinner know can you show me how you
throw that do it you did it earlier he's
like you know he's like just throw at it
let's see so one of the trademarks of my
grandpa was the circle I don't even
notice it the circle of fifths which is
a conversation that you would have oh
you just put me out you tips I was in a
segue it tell us about it
so our grandpa's named BJ insert picture
of BJ here hopefully I can yes I can
send you one okay and BJ was always way
too close in your personal space
your nerd every single person he could
that's a pretty awesome name - okay so
you would corner anyone he possibly
could do Clinton option office and the
reason he did this because he was very
fascinated with it used a musician he
did the man you need a guitar he's
staying and he wanted everyone on the
planet to go home he cared he wanted us
all to be educated and just circle with
it but in particular on the circle thing
I don't know that anyone in this whole
cabin Lodge really does it could you
isn't it music music Ann tell you I know
my interpretation is that something you
would use to help you like write music
it is to understand how things go
together kind of like a math a
scientific table or like a man every
single note you know it goes in a circle
so everything's 1/5 apart so see cdefg
see that's 5g okay the FGA see kind of
intense this is a conversation i never
had in my grandchildren that avoided
this conversation which is kind of funny
everyone's little family history story
and by giving them a tattoo oh yeah so
that is what we're getting down to
Christy brought tattoos of circle of
fifths for everyone to remember grandpa
this is to remember be more by my wrists
yeah
may he rest in peace
yeah bullet Derek just did a really good
impression and it was kind of it was to
get I was like oh good Joel was playing
some music earlier and I thought it was
be Jegs BG did a lot of recording oh I'm
sure there will be echoes of Grandma can
their music good memories yeah yeah he
started his song and I thought it was
Vijay and I got a little tear yeah but
then it was different countries okay so
that was the last time we were all
together too I think you know well I was
on my mission and then there was a there
was a family reunion in 2006 and I
remember we saying it was grandma I'm
still alive then oh no don't my skin is
dirty I have work I remember we sang
what was that song we just always sing
there sing clan which I'm sure will sing
at some point during this video you know
what this isn't working but I have
another one and Grandma and Grandpa
always have like lines and different
things they would do together and I
remember the last time we sang that
together we all kind of knew like this
could be it
you know and we weren't sure if our
whole family would be able to get back
together like this and now here the
whole fam family
this is one of the songs I was talking
about trying to sing I'm right now
she said I love you he said I love you
too
after homestead mission managed to
the best dream is now haha the West they
mean every test finally mine
their name and the favors no not all of
the rest is strong in their talk and
made me that retest
maybe not was born in Montreal alive
four great children one I'm like wait
I'm sorry bye charlie mark and handyman
let's meet on their extended family as
we spread throughout the land
okay oh it's going through we're going
through you know refresh girls in
Illinois I know why did they how is that
a thing where people would get
recognized in the newspaper and they
moved to the new towns it was so small
and we were Anderson's are newcomers can
you imagine that gen they'd write an
article about us every year when we
moved now the inner sins are back in
Logan the end Essenza they moved down
the street he was he was dead
this is good that was my high school
what did you think it looks like an
episode of scooby-doo you look older
than me and then 20/80 brother let me
see the light I can't see the light when
you do the lady turns there you go
because it just ranted for me in the
glasses maybe
Genet probably likes that look because
she wants me to get glass grandpa looks
pretty like intense and cool - this is
amazing like she's she means business
Lin head
that's what we were talking about look
at our glasses look at the mist I like
it okay show Dad the picture now of the
grandpa okay high school yes dad
so that might been I was freshman nice
this will make you feel kind of old here
is a picture of your father what is that
six Harold 1864 his 1985 he's running 21
right in grammar 60/40 right who's
everyone the same here this is a pretty
little place I'm exhausted
we both are ready for bed I'm gonna try
and upload this bug so if you saw it it
worked
although the Internet is kind of
terrible which I expected at least were
able to connect to kind of
we'll see how it goes I don't know also
hogs internet from the other 70 people
we'll see I guess had a great night fun
talking to relatives and hearing stories
and just kind of thinking about our
family in the history people before us
that really paved the way it's pretty
awesome
