handsome in this lighting guys we're
breaking up I'm just kidding
no balding
good morning sweet word it's the samokov
ugh got the van I'll jam-packed what's
up baby baby baby baby
captain they'll be ready to go we're
gonna get cleaned up good so although
the family just took off to Salt Lake we
are gonna meet them down there actually
they are gonna go see family and grocery
shop and all the stuff that we need to
do to prepare for the reunion and we are
gonna just I'm folding laundry currently
Sam's working to get his stuff done in a
few hours we're gonna take off down to
Salt Lake give me everyone at dinner and
in Sam's other sister Chrystie gets in
town today as well so we all have dinner
together as a family and then they she
loves sitting up and pooping oh boy and
then tomorrow we will take off so stay
in Salt Lake's and then tomorrow we take
off to the reunion the fun's just
continuing and the craziness huh there's
me those four kids she's got the cutest
little fauxhawk today her hair it just
doesn't know what destruction it wants
to go nah it just wants to go every
direction okay let's change your bun
we're on the road heading to the
Anderson reunion at last fanny pack down
there let's go
we made it look good I bet beau a family
restaurant whole family's here the
others Jason right there that's Debbie
PFP all right yes the reunion has
officially begun at least a small
Anderson one the people miss you it's
good to have you back my best friend how
do you live everyone else too
yeah it's good to have you back I feel
complete again room to ourselves the
kids are playing over here on the dirty
ground
the girls are bonding Jen what's going
on over there does your mom know about
this does your mother know does your dad
know what's my middle name what do you
think I'll give you a hint
yes yes Douglas Anderson we've made to
our first stop tomorrow we'll be at a
ginormous ranch place for our family
reunion this is the hotel room that
we'll be sharing tonight where's Noah
Noah hi do what's outside that window is
there basketball okay good I like this
place that's pretty cool I wish we had a
basketball
do they basketballs we can rent
basketballs to rent oh gosh no just
through the play-doh it's a ball I might
have to buy a new play-doh holder which
we all ate but nobody want a cookie he
wanted an apple right he didn't want a
cookie if I make this shot
right here
it's me great weekend
kind of get it so I can see the hoop
old target and every time we come back
we may sit down here my fanny pack -
yeah says we're all the in ursins at
though and they messed it up I try to
correct it but I need some Sharpie
surgeon anyway we're gonna go a few
things
because why not you know when we got a
target we got to get some clothes for
the kids
next summer okay good that's cute that's
it you always thinking I guess or
something I'm a hugger what about the
bathing suit we're actually trying to
get a bathing suit for PJ she might swim
for the first time at this reunion
have you found one we really wanted to
get something for Noah tea cause look
how perfect the shirt before Oh athletic
shirt but five T John thinks it will
shrink I mean come on v TJ v t we're in
luck they've won three to six months
suit was big no look at these no Envy
kidneys we're also getting some toys for
PJ some new ones other than know is that
he's chewed on got this little giraffe
and Jen's deciding right now between the
shaky then go down okay then go no an
instant all of it
oh gosh tasty they sing
where's the button where is it come on
try me Oh
let's pull down my head
you can creep you press down to my head
we don't have brains that's weird why
would they make it like SERP I like her
so creepy this animal babies guys we're
breaking up I'm just kidding
no Baldy know Jenna's decided that she
wants to get her hair cut she might want
to get a little bit Cup cut off because
she feels like she's balding she feels
like she's in that stage of three
minutes first she called it would you
call it today my car you're like my
pregnant here I mean by birth hair yeah
three months old your honor hair falls
out for three more months when the falls
out but how sort should she cut it cuz
she wants to cut it over the past couple
months or so I feel like I've been in
kind of a rut and I don't feel like I've
been depressed but something happened
and I mentioned it in a vlog about a
month ago I think and basically my heart
would just really hurt and I was kind of
just like I wanted to say so much and
get so much out and I didn't I just said
a couple things and now I feel like I'm
more level-headed kind of but we're more
ready to talk about it yeah a lot of you
guys been asking whether we still work
with trixin and I feel like I need to be
100% honest with you guys just have
things out there transparent see
whatever and say that right this time
and moment we are not working with or
for trixin okay
and for the past little while it
happened very abruptly I didn't see it
coming
I had no warning of it and I honestly
was very hurt by it over the past year
plus I I put so much time and effort
into you know my friendships and real
friendships
I'm just the business in general yes
taking time late nights you know there's
there's so many different late nights
where I was away from the family or Jen
and two strange hours that I felt bad
about and just little sacrifices to me
that maybe weren't like as big to other
people I don't know I just felt really
hurt by it all I still kind of do to be
honest with you guys I don't really know
what's next right now and I've just been
kind of taking the month and maybe I
haven't been vlogging as much as I used
to before and then that because I don't
like vlogging because I really do love
it but I felt like I had to step back
and just kind of look at my life and so
that was the best time for us to go see
family and spend time with them and talk
with them because family is always there
for you at least - especially Jen she is
always 100% there for me she's my best
friend I love her always believes in me
always supports me so anyways I don't
know like in my life I always put on a
percent forward with business and
friendships and relationships here and
so like I don't know I I just felt
really not like sad necessarily you were
confused and hurt and you know wishing
things would be different I don't know
exactly what's next for us but I can I
guess guarantee for you guys is that
like we're hopping back on and I'm gonna
be 100% working really hard with the
vlogs because with tricks and I kind of
saw that as a possible kind of like a
career thing for me you know it was part
of my job it was part of my career is a
like a step in progression for me
progressing as a person and I felt
really good about that because I didn't
want to just be just a vlogger as like
someone that went to college and studied
I want to like continue to progress and
is amazing part of that too you know so
as far as like what's next maybe Jenna I
will start working and we're projects
together yeah and I think that will also
include just producing laughter into
higher-quality blogs and filming and you
know that maybe it kind of like took a
hit when soon after we quit our jobs we
did jump right into tricks and that kind
of affected our vlog slightly possibly
you know we don't fully know because we
were full-time just full vloggers for
such a short period of time right but uh
I really just want to put more time into
that now and focus on that as I try and
figure out what's happening in my life
because even I don't know you know it's
kind of like frustrating and and I just
wanted to be honest with my eyes about
that so thank you for always being there
many of you guys are probably like I
don't even know you're talking about
you've always continued on we've enjoyed
the vlogs some of you guys might be like
yeah I kind of noticed and you know I
just want to say thank you for always
being there for us because we have these
sort of decisions that we can make and
and just life opportunities and so many
blessings and honestly when it comes
down to things it's because of you guys
being there for us so thank you you make
our lives so much better and give us so
many opportunities to be together and to
try and be better parents have a great
relationship and just work opportunities
that are so much fun for us whether it's
with trixin or working with brands and
so thank you
Denis I think I'm just gonna belly
I felt so like like oh that's how I felt
yeah but we're off to our reunion yes
we're going to the middle of nowhere
I've heard that there's internet at the
place but that doesn't mean it's good
internet so well I'm really hoping it's
good what if it's amazing what if
there's randomly fiver there that's the
case all of the blocks BAM but there is
always the case that it might be hard to
get them out while they were there but
we will be filming and vlogging a lot I
can guarantee some wall and vlogs
especially if you're going horseback
riding or there's a bunch of different
fun activities there yeah I know when
they were doing square dancing yes when
I Scranton and tonight like one of the
families has different things that
they're in charge of yes so if I'll be
good I'm excited to see family it's
really been like the best time ever
good somewhere they've helped me and
always been there for me and supported
me so it's all good yeah although we
probably would miss Zoe the King's
concert I hate like when things are
relaxed that like two things that you
really love was like after their Union
and it was I'm like so time to do driver
too
yeah we haven't had Iranian at this size
guys over 10 years I think yeah I think
was 2006 less n and then my grandpa
passed away I think eight years ago and
that's when everyone can make out
together but I was in my mission yep
here we go that's what's up we love you
guys thanks for always being with us and
hopefully we'll see you tomorrow
hopefully there's good internet really
open for it if not
try me
Oh
