there's the old man look Noah who is it
grandpa
that grandpa who is it who's that
who is this guy who's that I have
grandpa know what it's torch Noah
it's torch Noah oh my goodness no I was
here you could take a selfie yourself in
your walk
no dude on a selfie is yeah no one hates
doing is picture taken so have fun guys
I wouldn't try the foul mood today okay
oh hi I'm sure peachie with a good
selfie my dad took it upon himself to
take out the whole bush of weeds that
was over there the whole bush they're
just piles of weeds oh my gosh dad where
did Noah go
we're - Noah and Daddy oh there he is
look it who are you Noah what's his name
who are you know who's the helmet
Darth Vader yeah you dance dancing Darth
Vader that's so big for him up on the
side up on the side through the button
yeah that's an turn on that talk in it
no you turn it off no okay mom's here
now I don't know if I think I mentioned
that everyone was coming in for Peter's
blessing this weekend oh I said it my
mom my mom watched it clearly I have not
watched our vlog she has i watch it with
you so mom's here and that's here and
knows here and then Sam Stanley
hopefully come in tonight but their
flights have been all whack there was
some stuff going on myself anyway mom
made me a blanket she's been crocheting
mom show it come on it looks cute Wow I
love those new colors but I made it
really want mom that is cute enough but
it's long in there I really like this
border I don't like you might want at
war I've no colors no it's really narrow
so that's it no it's cute it's like this
I like it it could go on my couch yeah
over the back of your couch but sad for
you I haven't tied it off yet I did five
rows on the border nice I'll just a PJ
lay on it when I won't ever do tummy
tummy that's so cute I like it
wider no I like this is enough right
here it's like no I like it I like it
the way it is and I'll just tie a little
Wow
mom's getting told me how to do the
corner mommy can we have fiber artist
everyone crocheting crochet yeah well
that's fiber artist did I thought it was
like MIDI mom anything with fiber art
okay crocheting knitting all that so how
do you say your mother-in-law she's
amazing yeah I text her all the time I
pull this for guys it looks so good good
job mom I love the colors well you got
like really crappy look case you need
the thin lines this is really this is a
special code they'll explain it to you
off air big oh wow big seems wrong three
I love you saw Rachel's right she's
nothing pattern
well she does yeah but she didn't want a
border and like the border I like yeah
I'm I held all three colors together
turn that well I love that gave it a bit
dizzy Oh homie my little bohemian thing
I like I like it
look what mom made fiber artists in the
making I made Rachel one and then her in
Haley you're right Haley love the colors
for Rikers yeah alright I didn't need to
panic it's so cute I know it does feel
this I see a need the remote server nice
yeah always loved I'm like this does
like her favorite ice cream that's cute
just got done eating an even-steven how
do you think first time
like how was your gluten-free bread so
there's really good free bread one of
the best I've had
yeah that's good if you like your mac
and cheese now I see it
let's go day three wearing the same
exact shirt wear like a dress no it's
loving life because on that time I like
scootering for a walk right now you just
will not take it off he loves it so much
it's a bad idea that's why all the
cameras are at week helmet me no no no
good boy good boy don't do it man up man
up oh I'll help you I'll catch you I'll
catch you you just want to push it off
now all right all right hold this side
to side
it's hard to hold on how you turn this
off man muscle works in Glendora
California such a dork
oh yeah yeah I know
muscle Rick same Condor echo I could
fall asleep right now just remember my
back okay
oh sorry see wondering how many people
near muscle in her sink
a lot of people that comment slowly yeah
yeah I definitely wait I've never had
that one actually crap Oh muscle works
England wait every day my turn mr.
muscle works
yeah just mean is that the fatso
Jim yeah who's working on you right now
my father
doctor doctor your era I didn't get the
pain treatment I just got the nice one
okay you guys all got like the pain
I love Craig's oh I just I think I
should have been studying this actually
well alright review if this was yep
muscle work inks but dirty California
Sam watches a Korean couple played
Pokemon everyday all he gets his work
done cuz they go on Twitch and
broadcasting cells playing Pokemon never
gonna cream I've been watching these
people play pokemon go
in Korea mm-hmm honestly like I love it
I love getting a view of another country
of people's culture
I love Koreans in general I think there
are something good and they're playing
bottom I go so it's been fun
that's a love food they usually like
film themselves eating food yeah also
we're reading for my family right now
yeah it's midnight everyone fights like
crazy I've been thinking I was gonna go
pick him up 10 different times because
they've been coming in on different
flights airports have been crazy lately
because of the computers and anyways so
they will be here tonight we're excited
but when you donate to these people on
Twitch they always dance so the best
place to donate is when they're with
people are like out in public because
they'll dance like we're the people and
I always like their dance moves they're
inspiring so we're gonna try and do knee
and Zee opinions what level are they on
not that high we're sorry about the bus
they keep missing their bus I'm saying
we're sorry about the bus we love you
dancing oh okay good success hopefully
they're looking at it though there might
be so frustrated they miss it I hope not
employs delayed - Michael IPOs donations
of you for Korea I just any bank dollars
I'm to dance though thank you very much
I know any of you like when she does
this so every time they get a donation
they do a different dance his dancing is
the bus is moving so fast now that girls
like this bus is so crazy
oh yes they're stopping let's go let's
go to the Korean fender all right
they made it you made it two o'clock in
the morning and they made it
welcome
I haven't bad already made it was music
oh yeah you made it
did you see the fact kami and papa and
Kennedy crew miss pilatus you guys have
ever been up to a.m. all right go to bed
Abe go to bed just kidding just kidding
just kidding
