camera-shy oh come on come on oh she's
just occurred oh really
did you have a fun day then yeah oh
that's what you were talking about
saying mom I'm about to go poop
say good morning no no good morning oh
oh cheesy face that's good enough I
guess good morning well it's almost
afternoon and um today
you get down to business guys last night
we actually went out to dinner with some
of our neighbors that are actually our
friends um I actually lived above
Caroline man when me and Sam started
dating one summer I lived above her we
weren't really like that good of friends
yet but then we just moved into their
neighborhood and we're in the same
warden everything so we've been trying
to get together so last I went to down
with them anyway today we get down to
business
it's major clean-up day in the Henderson
household I'm back in Maya reading a
book add a face although I should be
that we're reading like we have a book
club for our anderson reunion and i
haven't read that book yet though but
I've read like four other books
look at this dress with these little
sleeve so cute
um but yeah he's still just kind of put
laying easy today huh
just relaxing you want to show them your
tie-dye shirt you made when you're
wearing yeah so you made it with your
cousins huh the cousins either coming
this weekend it's really cute because
that shirt is ginormous on him but he
just look so cute wearing it is it fun
you guys I was always I was like oh I'm
so excited for bows and half the day
she's not even a nibble I do put her in
bows once in a while but then it's like
nursing they just fly off and then don't
using their car seat it just comes off
so when she gets bigger which it's a
little bigger
I'll start leaning when I'm on longer
everyone knows how excited about new
cleaning products and Sam just proprio
books with her WetJet
I'm so excited how's my sketch and my
life I want to get this in the melody
Owen who's Nanda and I saw hot mild and
garlic I've already had like one entire
container thought they would be bigger
little tiny bottles and some stickers
where are we going
takis Tottie's and tayos Sam staying to
get his office cleaned up up I know
insisted on wearing his tie-dye shirt
over his tank top to go take his nap and
wanted to keep it on to play today will
not take it off he loves it
I kept saying you wanna change it you're
talking shirt no I like make sure this
is Trish let's Trish wait honey always
here to hear you cry hey
ah go show teh what you brought
hi was your friend must be your friend
no yo for Tati the other name this is a
zucchini from the garden oh did you miss
us we missed you yes you start back okay
alright
change your shirt look either your
friend oh you're so nice wow they're
almost the same size look is it your
friend PJ oh look about curious
it's so cute look at her hair here we
can pop on the back too uh before we do
business in the front party in the back
look at my party on both sides really
you can see how far headed to work on
that oh my you look great did you amaze
me balls like she would be totally for
me oh okay tail cool get mom's what look
at just stick straight up until my first
Pony my legit hurtfully that's her first
pop oh she had one quick July oh yeah
all those
all of those you look at you're good but
see like what's going on okay look at
look at Ava skip you saw me pull the
camera out and you decide to get your
face out there anything to he'll stop
Hey
you're silly Hey oh thank you guys the
next time mine's all gone let me see
your face okay oh you are all sticky
yeah you're such a silly boy come here
you look like ya dipped your face is red
team playing my car ran out Pokemon you
did it on purpose you did it on purpose
I know it I did that gem purpose I knew
it I knew it
do dancing trine a new place in town
it's at a gas station which means it's
amazing pulled pork sandwich is that
chicken again
oh boy how's yours it's good
no I got a little slider I got some
jambalaya and I got beans let you know
how it is
hi Susie oh there's fish in this water
there's a museum really well in like no
le clutching that blog so that was
interesting I thought of oh there's
reporter yeah that was the best but that
was from last summer when we went to see
Christie yeah there was a fish in the
water and Jen goes blue there's fish in
the water and then she and she's like oh
there there's fish in the water oh
there's fish in this water and nasty
little fish anyway okay if you guys are
in the Cache Valley area yeah you guys
need across the bestop or it's like it's
a sorrel gas station really but the best
stop in there it's called what's gone my
nose memo's Nemo Nemo Samos I'm not
joking when I say that's probably one of
the best pulled pork sandwiches I have
ever eaten Electra the shrimp po-boy
next family chicken po boy phenomenal
the and the owner came out talk to us
I'd read about it on Yelp he's from
Louisiana everything
authentic they fly out stuff news I out
the threat and it is the best bright
light and delicious I'm guessing it's
probably super authentic oh yeah
Louisiana Cajun cuisine oh yeah I think
so too
but it was so good yeah Maury and we're
to thinking about look the next time we
go I think we're gonna take a fan yeah I
think we should have interleague there's
some reason like all the places here
that have gas stations enacted to
restaurants the best ones tandoori oven
education now mundos right and I'm sorry
not my famous email but you want to call
mighty moe's will call mighty moe's
memos oh gosh yeah all the best foods
attached to a gas station at a four
point five out of five on Yelp and I
completely agree yeah it's the only
thing that like could have been better
was like my jambalaya could have been
warmer but other than that tasted great
but the beads I had I I love a good
delicious
they were so even though it was burger
look even know it's burger yeah we took
a lot out of his burger I look better to
try the burger next time you're good
really good
so so few people that live in the area
go check it out
tell him what's up say I learned about
this on YouTube because the guy he's
like he doesn't know like what anything
is I was like Manny
worth spreading
a little place that's good I'm I hope
they do well cuz good food yeah we're
rooting for we are we are in from now
we're heading up to campus we're going
to go for a little walk around campus
with Tyler Neely
I'm sure Tyler and Sam will complain
Pokemon while we walk around but you
know no do you love seeing him get
caught
yeah I feel like playing Pokemon yeah
you should squirt Tyler with your squirt
bag you'd water we have water in there
yeah I think he does you should go
squirt and go hide it's Gordon which Lee
gets closer which Lee gets closer wait a
second I think I found him
noha noha ambush him ambush him Noah go
get him go get him how's that okay guys
so vit no it was really good your hair
seen emmc
also gonna love it I was that hilarious
yeah thank you love it do you love it so
yeah I do it's no chopper more like no
actually accounting it margin but I'm
not going to mess this is very easy to
style yeah I love it
I'm back I can't trouble curling the
backs it's kind of like a mullet look no
it looks great
um you see your hair Monica's a horse
huh
Monica we have to go to her next time
really good I'm have to go hi Holly your
friend like you came anyway
is that hilarious are you talk oh now
you're not gonna talk hunk she's camera
shy
oh come on come on
oh she's just even really did you have a
fun day then yeah
oh that's what you were talking about
saying mom I'm about to go poop a lot to
say today oh no it's like come on mom
oh really really
okay you done talking now
you got your tooth down that's all you
were telling me no good Tyler good dog
he's laughs you felt so accomplished
we're in a new business building it's
really cool because they connected it on
to the old business building in multiple
places and look there's an outdoor
courtyard think business kids always got
the money school all the donations that
are the business building art it's
nothing
our building is crap Wow the only Sam
group stood in here goodness this is so
amazing
look at this little dining area no they
stairs fancy so they started building
this when we were graduating so of
course it's done now what's route of
school wow-whee overlooks onto the
highway this is Sam are you so bummed
you get to study no seriously this is
building go to Utah State great school
great school hi are you gonna go to Utah
State Noah yeah yeah he is going to Utah
State Aggies yeah it is so nice on
campus tonight there's just a bunch of
people out playing sports and enjoying
the nice weather when the Sun Goes Down
it's the perfect weather it's so nice oh
are you ready for bed
hey hey you be ready for bed hi your
eyes look
sometimes her eyes almost look purple
but they're not but just like sometimes
old like catch a hue and they kind of
just look a little very blue now but
sometimes they look a little purple to
me laughs I'm
