I just had the coolest conversation with
Sam I don't know if he's was planning on
talking about this or not but I'm just
gonna a little snippet about it guy what
daddy do
good morning good morning two days
straight of working out guys I've been
working really well I'm not working
really hard yeah I'm trying to get my
butt back in the gym since going on a
month-long vacation anyway um Noah and
Zuma currently outside playing I'm with
the little peanut hi hi baby
today I tackle this girl's room
currently it's our spare bedroom and
then once all the family and people are
done visiting for the summer then we
will change those in her into that room
and it'll be her room and then the spare
bed will probably go in Stan's office
we're not really sure yeah so today I
got to go to the store and get some bins
because she's outgrown well of course
all her newborn stuff and she's
basically outgrown her zero to three
months stuff she's basically in three
months or three to six months straight
three or six months things I don't know
like this Apple she's wearing a six
month outfit so some but some zero to
three things feel fair so it's kind of
whatever you know Brandon Oliver entered
different but uh yeah we got to pack up
some of her stuff pack up and Noah's
stuff cuz he has a lot of stuff that
he's grown out of oh hi thanks for
coming and checking on me I know how
many planes what are we doing your
outside would be playing outside yeah
another news this little lady just wants
to sit up come laying down just once
this day what what yeah there is a
baseball you're gonna get it yeah whoa
so funny because now when he hits the
ball he does his pitcher me up even when
he hits it with the bat so yeah we're
still on baseball craze with Noah and
just sitting up with this girl she just
wants to grab her toes all day eat her
hands all day she's not completely
rolling over she's rolling went to her
side more but not on all the way to her
belly she Noah could not lay
lift his body up like in the crunch
position when he was a baby like he just
could not do it he couldn't he probably
still can't do it
but that's what she loves to do she
looks if she's laying down she wants to
sit up she hates being on her tummy they
don't lifting her head up that's what
she hates doing see that's my least
favorite thing is tummy time in the
world mom look how pretty this guy is
behind that window
hi Judy good Farina
yeah I sure did first thing I thought he
woke up early I was like damn you woke
up so early I was still supposed to like
fold laundry and stuff
sorry SMO geez whoa sorry and I was
about to come back here and show you
guys the card improv like progress we
definitely should have gotten those like
Bush things those wire things for our
tomato plants because there it's just
ginormous this tomato plant is huge
like huge but oh my gosh look at so we
have me a little close-up you've got
some jalapeno is growing you guys wow
we've got a bunch on this one like four
or five are coming out yeah you see the
tomatoes we look at this cucumber
growing oh wow you guys actually grew
stuff there's quite a few little
cucumbers growing like little baby one
no we can't pick him and wait for them
to turn red we've got a bunch of baby
Tomatoes we got so we got a little
tomato plant like where they're just the
little baby tomatoes which there's some
growing in there and then we got this
big boy tomato plant and there's a giant
tomato growing under here so far that's
the biggest one we have but the plant is
just huge
you got another but yeah we definitely
oh look here's another cucumber let's
see did I get one or two get two of
these I love it I can't remember oh oh
there's another one growing under there
I'm so excited I've cucumbers we love
look at how big this thing is just
growing
how to control that a bunch of tomatoes
coming in on it but then we have a nice
little hidden bell pepper plant in here
I can't remember if they're supposed to
be green or red I can't remember which
one we picked out so I don't know if
that one's done or not no I think next
time we need a plant like the tomato
plant by itself somewhere else I must
say though that David did an excellent
job I'm so glad he put sticks in here we
probably need more sticks honestly cuz
look it's like grabbing onto the sticks
I just had the coolest conversation with
Sam I don't know if he's was planning on
talking about this or not but what do
you do what do you do with the car
excuse you and so Sam is just been
running around today door thank you
taking care of this karst I've been
trying to figure out what to do with the
car and if we should just sell it or if
we should just leave it or what we
should do you want to push the button up
yeah yeah there we go um and so he just
called and said he's like John don't be
upset with me buddy just keep the car
away and I was like wait why and so he
explained the story and he said that he
went to the impound lot and and then one
of the workers came out and the other
guy that worked there said hey do you
want to buy this car like he wants to
sell it and the guy was like oh you know
like Sam could just tell like he works
really hard for his family and like
could probably use the like me needed
this company their car anyway so Sam was
like I'll sell it to like a good thing I
was like wait how much she want and
seems like well how much can I give
until he gave a number and Tim's like
okay let's do it and then he heard the
man say in Spanish like oh I really need
this for my family and Sam could
understand him the guy
know that same could understand but Sam
or say he needs well he obviously like
could really use the help and so the guy
comes back from going to get the money
out of the bank and Sam's like you you
can just have the car like he did he
gave the car he's like take it like you
can have it for a dollar and the guy was
like Florida's that are you serious like
what are you hiding yeah I came from dad
died he's not home yet he's at the store
so Sam's like tonight I wanted to cry
because he just like really felt
overwhelmed that he needed to do this
for someone and I'm so grateful he did
I'm so grateful that Sam is in tune with
things like that and can is looking out
for other people besides just our family
and I'm so proud of him yeah push it
back up I'm so proud of him and that he
just made that decision like he didn't
call me beforehand he probably tried to
call me but I left my phone inside when
I was talk about the garden um but I
would have I honestly if I was with him
I would have done the same exact thing
and now I'm so grateful that that man
has a car for sale and he just changed
someone's life today I was so proud of
him it was our Trailblazer it's not our
Honda I just feel I just feel really
good I'm just proud of salmon that he
made that decision to help a family it's
really great like we can all try to make
this world a happier place by doing
things like this for other people that
you don't even know and you're smiling
at people you don't even know and like
getting to know new people I just feel
like everyone is just in their own
worlds these days and just like in their
own bubbles of their families and their
needs and their own priorities that we
forget about that there's millions of
people around us you know I mean maybe
if we all thought about doing something
nice for other people there won't be so
much hate in the world
but anyway I'm north Mile in Durant try
to do something nice for someone today
because it'll make you feel good even if
it's just a smile
let's take this kid somewhere but
that's when to groceries for me so I
didn't have to buy my diaper boy cheers
Cheers oh it's so hot today what are you
eating pig icy-pop school Jimmy huh he's
also making a mess in their garage hmm
who dry those whose juice is that but
whose juice is it dad does juice your
pout side little voice you guys it's so
fun having him talk more and more it's
just it's a cutest thing you doesn't
like to repeat anything that I tell them
to repeat though it's only for Sam he'll
only learn new things for Sam
I'm not joking music I'll be like hey
well actually you said I have to say P
James is PJ you say PJ PJ not pizza PJ
PJ yeah we're working on it we're
working on it huh
Oh going to put it in the trash yeah
let's do it yeah what trashcan you gonna
put it in no way
pick that up crazy man hey pick it up
pick it up please huh you don't have to
grab my seat good job come on let's put
in this Josh are you hiding yeah come
out golly I'm like a little post-dinner
baseball the summer has been so hot but
you when our neighbors that take care of
their grass every single day are
dedicated obsessed with it that grass is
dead mm-hmm so when we planted the
garden a lot of people were kind of like
you know I don't know about that well
guess what the only thing alive in this
neighborhood other than our neighbors
that just got sod is our garden and the
grand actually grew grass around it yeah
cuz it did get some relief from some
cucumbers and I showed up I did a whole
today I'm sorry we talked about this
yeah well not about how it's in the
shade it's crazy to have it actually
worked out well I know it did I just
wish I would have some I just wish I
would have planted everything spaced out
more okay we're gonna weed before the
family gets you know these weeds these
weeds we have to actually get killer
like our neighbors I thought today they
had a man coming and spraying their
grass and they don't even have weeds I
guess because I tried to dig them up and
they're just so deep and so thick so
hard and then it's a lot of weeds the
lady
judge yeah good idea I was saying I
can't tell the difference between what's
a garden and what's weeds over there
yeah it's you give our garden and our
wheat means the ever patient Penelope
putting up with our antics each day what
do you have to say today well and I'm
just looking at little Noah right now I
mean he's kind of big I guess he is my
older brother he is just something to
follow
I could just stare excuse me excuse me
that's the pepper plant cover your mouth
well you know I just love my family I
can't wait to see them on Friday
most of them are coming out here and
it'll be really fun I'll be able to play
with my cousin Eleanor and oh yeah we've
already talked about this weekend we
know so this weekend my parents and Sam
family his whole family basically are
coming out took for a visit we have
Sam's family reunion next week so yeah
there's an airplane very high in this
guy okay so yes in our church when the
babies are born the father gives in the
little blessing and so no usually it's
like two months after the born okay so
before the reunion starts all Sam's
families and they come up here first and
just since early already be out they're
gonna come to the blessing and then my
parents are gonna come out as well
so we'll basically see my family for
most I've seen them a week and a half
we'll be together they're gonna be at
our house for a couple days four or five
days and then we're gonna head out and
see our entire Anderson family and it is
gonna be crazy yeah it's gonna be fun
though the place we're going has so many
activities and things for everyone to do
my first ever that makes my heart happy
and sad at the same time big time
everyone yeah but this is the same as
when your dead family get together my
family is just has a lot of kids I mean
it's different getting of it for dinner
this is like a reunion reunion we got
our gear we got our hats our fanny packs
Noah's got his shirt nobody's got a
dress that we made her
no no go put it up t go buy it first
came
here we go Noah let's win the game right
here be be so trying so hard to say
we'll get it next time
we might lose now one out but they just
need a double play now the double play
ball we lost
I have all of her newborn and 0-3 things
packed up and sent through his stuff we
got to make this room a little bit more
presentable but soon this will be
organized very soon
