okay oh I thought your knee wearing the
wig go put it on okay her hair she's
been lying on all crazy today and it is
just so poofy and nuts right now how
poufy it is just that top layer is so
poofy hey take that out of your mouth
what okay oh baby Winston yeah good job
taking that out of your mouth kid oh
well thing that's on right I don't you
taught me oh my gosh oh oh yeah me put
it on her her and then take the camera
00 be like we need you know you got to
put it on ya Murph baby that's covering
rise here yeah I'll put it on there you
go let's see you know it wait what if I
you better than okay what do you think
your mommy he's kind of crazy huh well
yeah I mean sometimes my mom does really
oh my goodness what happened to mom that
that kept all bog that kept me Mom my
hair is too long if I didn't have hair
if I coming close I'm getting really
close like internet is here as the
rest here here you know where it know
what kick right Oh what is his family
that I was born into I don't know what
they think about not gonna keep it hard
you say yes and then you don't want it I
don't know what to think about them let
me just oh oh oh I'm about to follow her
the thing is it fits you perfectly if
it's you perfectly
it matches your hairline like to a tee
oh my gosh make it a hug I haven't seen
you in so long excited to know what
we're okay
hey
alexander's Sean og energy goddamn
collide
I was blown away however they're so good
you
they kind of like joked about going out
of it more like bigger fan ages in the
future and it's gonna
relay
oh this is gonna be on it
yes ash thanks Ashley who she is just
Ashley my can buy this
here we are there we go actually buy
this in the funnest concert ever is so
good it was really fun with their voices
were they amazing we actually didn't
like talk to each other but I kept
looking down the line yeah weird they
weren't kept really good like really
good they are really good
member
we'll put like Lincoln stuff Alexander
gee it's great name no right but it was
such a fun night good sushi wish it was
just a moment that we were celibate
night no kids in this mine near Big Show
may yet come on over and is like go see
Heidi box yeah it's like no air
conditioning so we're constantly just by
looking in high school again like Raja
like secret concert no my mother okay oh
yeah new friends tonight remember I love
it yeah yeah so nice to meet you guys
hey I'm your number yeah whatever your
way you guys later thanks for inviting
us yeah it was so fun good morning
should I got one mr. Bach still have
makeup on my eyes poopies still here he
just crashed on the couch because we got
home so late so slowly more like two in
the morning um we're currently where are
we going Noah whose house oh where we go
ha whose house are we going to go Te'o
ha fine except for your friends not
gonna be dere sorry you ready to go Lucy
Te'o to wear your flip-flops I stepped
on purple play-doh yeah whoops Noah's
for where did the oh it's up here I'm
like where did you put that purple
play-doh are you excited are you so
excited hey me hey break it up I haven't
seen you in so long excited to know what
we're okay look I'll get you out of your
seat hey let's get you on your seat
oh I I have a better one you have a
baseball glove too cool maybe you guys
can play together I hand are bakers yeah
they go just like they never stop seeing
each other did you guys give each other
a hug yet oh I missed it look at these
two Rascals they're back together again
so you tell us a baby Jake Taylor gear
outfit you looking good someone hit up a
new another gymboree sale huh yeah
monday ahead Jim box Jim bug I had $75
Jim bungalow so sneakers at all sore
yeah look at those week hey Marlo give
me trimmer Jana hug give each other
another hug since i missed it Oh
and yes I'm not until bad you nice smile
oh I smile so big oh oh yeah yeah you
just click those back yeah there you go
oh ok I dear auntie Trish did she does
lady back she's like no she loves to sit
up high ain't eating I chose that you're
so much bigger this time sitting on his
lap he ran a tail is so big I can't you
got the huge hold on are you saying hey
whoa you fit really well he's obsessed
Trish I can't get him to stop playing
baseball that's all right all babies
gonna be a good picture one day and
beauty on a different day oh if only a
over here upon the ink over here I've
heard when Cortes free hahaha we're
facetime I'm totty totty where are you
Patti where are you ah there she is hey
girl because haha Cassie's visiting
family in Minnesota for she's been there
there pats like two weeks or something
so she come this week my mother excited
not keep saying totty totty it's really
funny what are you doing eating on my
cheddar bunnies you need not my cheddar
bunnies yeah hang on my cheddar bunnies
are you happy to be here are you eating
white cheddar bunnies to these two
hooligans are so happy to be back
together huh look at this kid
for years old riding a two wheeler
ah look at you
and then he look here look a so yeah I
know what he's fast he has a wobble or
no yeah who is this kid look at him it's
like a pro wait when did he learn how
many weeks ago 0 for about four weeks
four or five yeah we surely after you
guys really oh my gosh no I'm not trying
to keep up on it will look like Oh we'll
get you on that huge bike dude and look
at you and your bike good job Michael's
hack me it did mom to come off look at
him go to two friends just riding bikes
together
you look copycat hey learn something new
while we were trying this past month
