so I don't know we'll see they wait 15
minutes
bizarre all day long guys is any person
with a toddler there's all day long so
much energy we're here at the ent
allergy clinic to get Nolan tested today
let me check out his skin
he's the doctor specializing in answers
about its blotchy skin and the bumps
that are still there and think it and
tested to see if flu things are making
it worse
see I don't think you guys I mean strong
they're luxuries but there's anything I
can take out of the diet that will help
will be good
oh why not big dancing big dancing and
by ent I mean just allergy not ent we're
not here for that
so no I just got tested for family plans
yeah pollen things don't catch a John
Holland and even do you but it's so good
just do it amazing yeah we also have G
perfect baseball or anything yeah so we
got you tested for pollens and grasses
that whole kid kit not food this time
but just strawberries cuz only one we
can obscene yeah possibly causing
anything Mamie
so I don't know we'll see they wait 15
minutes the only one that's gonna be
really achieve this antihistamine 1 or
something or they hit or whatever she
said it once I'm not really sure I'll
try not to itch K so we'll see if he's
any of these tomato halves or not did
really well though unfortunately the
doctor won't most of this he's gonna
give us like a list of things we can try
to tame the eggs not but all the bumps
the bump rash that he has he's gonna
have as a life the doctor said so I was
like dang it so no I really wanted to
get rid of but he said that over time we
might be able to reduce the white
patches so we'll see and then hopefully
the bad flirts when the weather's and
the pollens changed don't we can obtain
but we'll just see we'll see
really sure you might not be allergic
anything which will be awesome so it's
good to get a little peace of mind and
he's just watching dude perfect being
the best little guy ever
he didn't good I'm proud of him okay is
it so good you know a few moments later
well good news is I don't think he's
allergic to everything cuz they would
look like that if you were so I think
he's good
I don't think yes I mean almost done I
don't think you hasn't he Oh Rajee so
we'll just that's nice to know that
someone way to distract him is by being
honest thank you no not your just your
mouth mister man
you've got a lot on your mouth mm-hmm oh
wow
give daddy a kiss now whoa
okay good job
Wow sissy you look fabulous today with
your little purse and a little burst so
Audrey Hepburn now you just need a bone
you're here cause this is doing
something already guys look at her her
head is like grown her head looks so big
today is that yummy you have it's yummy
I know what what sport is the sport
where people have sticks and they hit
the puck hockey well hello there sweet
girl to break this carry on again so I
could put her forward-facing
yes we're gonna go for a little walk go
to the park I'm gonna get some Pokemon
I've been weaving outside
you haven't I tried I should I pick
loads are in the garage I would have
given them to you doesn't see the garden
real quick oh this door is open so this
grass is actually like decent but then
if you look at everything else it's
terrible but we do have some jalapeno
growth and then over there there's some
peppers and tomato growth pretty awesome
considering the location bell peppers
though and the tomatoes too close to
each other because they're both big
plans and it
well maybe next year we can be like a
box garden if we're still in this place
or somewhere else and then we are
actually having a little snack and we
have cheese it's right there
this is a green tahini dip and sauce
from Trader Joe's and these are special
what are these cucumbers it's like a
different kind it's a Persian cucumbers
sweet and crunchy we went to Trader
Joe's so we have a lot of great stuff in
here right now I can't wait to try this
sauce green dragon hot sauce but we need
some other grocery soon because we are
kind of out right now but that's good to
eat do use acid net let's see let's
finish our snack and then we'll go to
the park and go for a walk okay whoa
whoa where you going with that sir okay
good job we gave to the park no see him
play with me became a little walk to the
park but Sam is Sam's my Pokemon over
there
he's been poked one
ready some girl just took this gym and
asked mom and your brother and now so
mom you mean mom and said yeah okay I
got sissies first giggle I think you got
no way are you trying to claim this yeah
I did I'm having it see where there's a
little giggles but I gotta give oh I
don't think so do it again No
how will he just pick up daddy
no daddy's not too good oh no there's no
proofs I didn't get on camera I wasn't
here
there's no witnesses except for you he's
wants to trust your wife Susie do you
need their first giggle to be right now
no I'm a dad who remembers Noah's night
it's still a little big it's for a six
month old but six to one years old but
uh I'm just gonna put her in it now
because every time I swaddle her in her
blanket she kicks it all up and it gets
up bunchy ah seen anything kick around
and it won't come off uh-huh my little
princess now you're a little princess
instead of a prince huh cuz we like to
reuse things here I should get our night
gown thing like zipper up thing but I
was like see snow was ah what did you
snow was it didn't matter it's so cute
guys she's most of it I'm gonna cry when
you stop smiling I'm gonna cry
I about cried when your brother stop
smelling so good
hello blonde baby is she getting blonder
guys she looks like her hair so late
today
no maybe give it are you gonna give it I
just got another freaking giggle ever
are you gonna go to bed
pardon the mum please I seriously got
another cackle you guys I just done to
camera off
she called again again for mommy but
daddy won't believe me because it wasn't
on film I think maybe they could agree
maybe anything seriously I'm into the
camera off and she's gonna laugh again
she's gonna be lit again sorry all the
shots have heard this closer I just I
just love her face so much
are you excited hey hey break it up
I haven't seen you in so long hey yo
nope
