it's basically Sampath hey let's go
dinner tonight since you were back in
town and then I realized ah yes yeah the
Rasta bird and I was like is this
birthday dinner
look who's here poopies here haven't
seen you in so long
thanks for taking care of our garden how
are you doing but what's your and your
back
today is the day that we are reunited I
am so sleepy I see Jen
she doesn't see me cute baby
hello are you back
hi guys
I'm home man sis you're home
but I'm here it was a quick flight I
thought I was gonna miss it because LA
traffic sucks
I Love You Man to see your home we're
home you may kiss my baby is it yeah dad
I want to go run some errands Tyler
Tyler went home
hey Haley hey drinking at home too cuz
mommy's home I love you hi do you miss
us
yeah mmm you know I his birthday present
from granny and Papa little uh yeah
agreement Papa that was for your
birthday remember you got a little grill
set he's very excited about it
yeah I didn't like went straight over
what is it
YUM hot dogs I guess we'll build it now
maybe oh boy it's gonna get messy I'm
gonna give it its own bucket for all
this stuff
Wow Noah what do you say to Grandma and
papa
Oh what's he saying oh okay thank you to
me I started to say thanks whatever I
give him something oh yes thanks
what'd you say to Grandma pop ah ah
thank you no what do you say thanks see
I don't even ask him anymore he says
kind of makes me like good that's good
it's good good manners don't work can I
please have a key make me a cheeseburger
please or hamburger gonna cook one for
daddy that one's yours did you start the
grill up like this teacher kids out of
it like I got that sticker on so bad
that was these stickers are like the
sticky stickers have ever stepped in my
life and kind of messed up oh we miss
you too I was like wow this was my life
and it's just me here I'm sad like I
just I'm so grateful to have you guys in
my life I I'm great well when I would
get no to sleep and then I'm just like
all right time for bed time for bed just
like so Sam just said you got me another
birthday present Oh I've told them a
thousand times stop buying me presents
not me another thing and I have no idea
what it is well good I was gonna bring
this to dinner but I just it's kind of a
fan yeah but just don't read through it
just like hold on this is gonna kind of
help yeah well we won't put juice but
we'll make it
yeah we can make your own Seltzer No so
then you won't feel as much like we
dipped it yourself sir juice
okay so yeah this was me water just
carbonated yeah there's a sea of tea
thing that you do it like yeah I think I
picked some flavor though I wasn't have
you pick out but then I always realized
that you like me to just make the
decision
so that's not like the seltzer kind
that's like a seltzer calf Cola we do
dr. everybody that seemed cool so that's
the one that you play like the most yeah
we can go forget more seltzer flavors
here Oh
Jenna's been bad she's like you got me
something that's this year too yep time
to eat basically Sampath hey that's good
dinner tonight since you're back in town
and then I realized I was like is this
birthday dinner look who's here poopies
here taking care of our garden how are
you doing your back so I was going to
get you some flowers as a very nice
gesture but I was texting you they don't
sell tulips and yeah I told you right
and then an ancient proverb came to mind
you give a man a fish you feed him for
night so weird you will they grow
I told it Sam I'm like Sam hailey
another coming our thing like this is
your thing no I don't know until yes the
bet they go a couple days removed knows
got his food and look at this that just
came out that up what is that that's one
taco that's a taco salad absolutely
incredible
you have to pick it up and eat it like
that see tell I got the look of Rito
know who are you know
thank God he talks with his mouth buzzer
yeah yes no other be everything for me
to keep him distracted idea what is it
was it called
no Britt Britt cuz Jen loves Brits since
I got it yeah they sent it a sample in
the mail member a and a game of the free
bag
from teller hailey
oh that's so you can wash your hands oh
I promise we think you're clean and
smell good some perfume here's some soap
and some lotion the memo guys like our
seats
let's check in with the taco salad
and then that was my scream we got a
little baby Tony Stark right here from
Iron Man that little goatee check the
goatee yes the Shelton family enjoying
their ice cream with genican baby many
people to a focused on we're actually
putting together the soda machine look
how cute that is it looks looking on my
counter I'm really excited to try what
flavor we're gonna try first okay kids
like few instructions I guess you well a
stay fizzy in the fridge if we put that
in the fridge huh cuz we've had like a
bottle of seltzer water for a while
that'd be awesome yeah I've I was
reading online that economically if you
buy lots of pop or salts or water the
person needs seltzer water but this is a
better deal to make it and then you can
like recycle the canisters I'm not sure
there's more than one bottle okay
then tilt bring it back to the angle
yeah wow that's awesome
oh and we can just say that in the
fridge I don't know I wonder how well
those think I read what I guess we'll
try it overnight okay hopefully we will
favorite horror from her seat never my
fridge which one which one babe you
choose this is lemon lemonade great for
other my new pink grapefruit
what if I did love a name grapefruit
lemon grapefruit what is this pink
grapefruit like a seltzer water
well that's crazy is it good is it
carbonated yeah Jen didn't really meted
it out right so I just didn't a bottle
and mine is three carbonation uh my
Pokemon there you go red to a little bit
more sir that's a pretty good how's that
contract right it could be a little bit
more carbonated but it's like really
good wow that's really like it wasn't
over ice yeah that's so weird
scientists here I'm a big fan of
carbonation I hate flat soda I had a
mission companion that would make all of
his pop flat that's only way to drink it
very interesting
it's 11:40 right now and I'm actually
pretty full so I'm going to see if mine
still fizzy tomorrow as like a test I
guess I should put my sauce pretty fun
though cool I got that on for over 50%
off at Best Buy so if you guys have Best
Buy you can check it out this is not
sponsored
hey what's your name Tony I thought it
was Tony
