we didn't know we did it we did we flew
or your arm side
six cars later it's it's good to be back
in our car it's just good to be back
with what I'm familiar with
so we're home and Noah is very excited
the first thing he grabbed was this
torch mask and his baseball bat I
thought he might take a nap because it
was about 12 o'clock when we got home
but he's decided not to and he's been
such a good traveler today he went a
whole month without being at home so
where are we know we're who we gonna go
see Oh Te'o hopefully he's home I didn't
even end totty totty I don't think
Tottie's home I think she's out of town
I'm not even sure if tails home but if
he is this boy will be very happy if
he's not then we might have to go get a
baseball mitt because that's in our
plans to either today or tomorrow
hopefully he's home dude yeah I don't
know if he's home no you know yeah
Cheers
yeah YUM okay what's your name please no
hmm are you sure you're not Anthony
Rizzo no wha you're a baby are you uh
are you a toddler yeah how old are you
no you're - did you go on an airplane
today how was it you're in high oh yeah
how had you go high
were you the sky yeah was it fun who sat
next to you on the plane who dad yeah on
the airplane yeah Oh up high mm-hmm do
you see any water what color was it blue
water do you wanna go on a plane right
again no no yeah you wanna be home for a
while huh are you happy to be home yeah
you're happy now I'm happy are you happy
yeah all right I'll let you enjoy your
sandwich love you
you're gonna eat that yeah really
okay roll it to me yeah push down harder
thanks pretty leg yeah
nice
I know sunshine baby hey over here
hi she's been grabbing her foot a lot
today
it's second underhands so yesterday it
is not Tuesday I've not I've not
reported anything yesterday really it
was a very long emotional tiring day we
uh came home and went to bed at like
10:30
I've advanced upon the couch um so today
is probably gonna be a bit of the same
so I don't really know what to say
like it was just long sad day yes very
long as that day depressing very
depressing um that's a very hard day
surreal yeah hopefully today is more of
a I mean table probably more of a
celebration of his life instead of just
being sad that he's gone but man it was
rough
here we go
do a job do you look at me like this
there you go
okay jump I catch all right throw me one
this is a dangerous catch let's see it
hi was that cool a lot of water no I was
living as Storch Easter basket now he
puts everything in it I mean he takes it
every time I get in the car now
it's just a matter of time before Noah
figures out where we're going
where are we baseball so know who's
really good on the plane and traveling
in general so we told him that we would
go get some baseball mitts if we see a
bat that fits him better we'll get that
too although we do have like three bats
already so we're gonna go get a new
baseball mitt
right now I don't think they make your
size but we'll get one that you can play
with it'll be fun okay let's go here we
go
and yeah I knew you'd be excited okay we
got find one that's more your size check
this one out
who's your hand fit in it hey I'll hold
your car see I told you you didn't want
to bring anything else in here does that
one fit oh you got a ball too
what about me I got to pick out a glove
huh okay let me look I was about to
suggest this one to no and then I was
like oh goodness
yeah okay which one should dad I get
where's the blue glove show me blue
we're working on our colors there you go
which one's red show me the red one that
wouldn't get you hub what about black I
don't know if you know black it yeah
black and orange kind of that a mummy
said a mommy right there who's inside
look take a peek
he's asleep Noah insists that he stands
on one base whether its third base or
home plate and he makes me stand on
second base which he set up
the thing is is he then tries to throw
it from there and he's unable to but
that is the way we must play and you
know what totally cool with it
hope taking a break do lon dowon's okay
anyway great service people had
wonderful things to say about Rocky the
baby did pretty good pretty good in
there huh
she's just drooling all over your shirt
she drools way more than Noah drooled he
didn't really drool at all hi you do not
answering no mom didn't answer so now
we're gonna head home we all went to you
after service and everyone's in good
spirit pretty sad what I'm calling my
dad smile I head home tomorrow morning
it's a good day to have a good day yeah
good day hard a hard day yeah it was
very hard to lie down
fill the field quickly yet we're all
just looking at pictures and our friend
Karen had a scrapbook of high school
like she just kept everything from her
from drama and high school and it was
just so fun to look at all of those
pictures of like Andrew and that rocking
everyone in high school
check back to in my dad's house we just
a bunch of traffic and now we're saying
bye to Rach I see that when I come next
time I see Rachel's when they come for
our trip our California trip this late
in summer month
yeah like August or September work early
jumping in my dad's car we're at his
office muscle work sink if you're in a
fedora come get cracked fat machine a
laser a lasering fat machine a laser
away your fat so favorite visit I want
to come see you see that machine way
that I'm not getting
okay anyway well I got to be here in Ch
wow this lighting though it is a good
golden hour I got to see you okay so
that's two again PJs boy a second time
being ingested you ingest here when he
first saw her am i jesting he just
pushes he doesn't crack anything right
mm-hmm
she just lays really look good I'm I'm
I'm just carrying mammoth touching my
neck
like that yeah look everybody I touch my
toes now don't touch my toes yes you are
yes you are touching your toes little
dog he's stretching her out wow those
people over there playing Pokemon the
whole group of boys just walked by
playing Pokemon people down there I
think you're playing Pokemon what I just
catch everyone's playing Pokemon well we
had sorbet people I'm pretty sure that
those two people right there Pokemon if
you see people looking at their phone
walking around in there playing Pokemon
yeah the whole family the whole family
family goals family goals right there
family goals dad sure you go out looking
for Pokemon should I go get my phone
we'll go out around Claymont looking for
Pokemon dad used to buy it now that's
more like six years old
we all have binders full of pokemon
cards oh that's when you were six years
old was appropriate in the complex by
the church building we all go you know
the laundromat that was right there
there's a soda machine in there and we'd
get soda and play in that little
courtyard look at look at everyone's
pokemon cards
trade pokemon cards good times
pokemon and now the world maybe my dad I
feel like if something at the Krays the
big craze is this going to last another
week yeah and then it'll die down a
little days the most and then then the
diehards will just keep playing then
I'll get on the next fad what's a big
procs again okay that guy's mind Pokemon
to Pokemon more people playing Pokemon
another group of boys boom hook money
Pokemon everyone's playing Pokemon
cute baby Oh
