maite black great what color is matmata
but I just take it straight with no
sugar no I'm hoping that my Internet's
fast enough Jen go check the YouTube to
see from see if he can that hi Oh
where's my Monday what's up hey guys go
to sleep go to sleep oh hold on let me
try some of this this has sugar in it
that's actually not too bad
what's up guys um I haven't finished
editing Christmas Day yet and I said
that if I didn't post content on the
channel I would delete the channel and
so we have five minutes left so we're
here and we're not gonna delete the
channel Christmas day I think we got
like an hour and 40 minutes of footage
and so I have not finished that yet I've
been hanging out with everyone else plus
we went to top golf because some people
are leaving tomorrow and the girls went
to a movie today so we were with the
kids you guys got a dog do we get it
ladies right there
Oh how'd you guys know here's our new
dog I'm just kidding I don't feel guilty
I it's just been I haven't had time to
go through all hour and 40 minutes yet
everybody say hi say something do you
liked about Christmas spoiler alert I
tricked Jenna and she actually thought
we got it
now I got a really awesome gift from
from Matt amazing I may then give tears
there were two tiers of Christmas every
two tears yeah there's Andrew and Rachel
ho ho it Rachel so happy she was so
happy I wanted to cry and engaged Hey
okay I have a question for you guys if
you had a magical pet turtle that could
grant you any three wishes any three
wishes what would you name him oh
there's a Theresa because we had a
turtle named Teresa the turtle Teresa
someone said hi Oh Bert Emily says Bert
Patrick says Genie Pete bad at names
Pablo yeah nmj PB&J vlogs Gustavo Karina
says Gustavo
know some be bnj Timmy pixie turtle
turtle way what would you name it people
are so basic I named Mayan Wilfred
Wilfred he's a fancy turtle Wow
I probably go with a ninja ninja turtle
name probably a Raph we're half like mr.
turtle mr. turtle man it's Monta talk
with the Guerrero's this is Lady oh I'm
sorry I didn't mean to wake you up
I'm sorry go back to sleep I'm sorry go
back to sleep
look it she's like I was sleeping comfy
couch gives no sizzling crazy we haven't
seen any scorpions in a long time but
today hey hello everybody the ant from
Christmas of a cave or her short little
legs oh she's a little dachshund a
long-haired dachshund it's not that one
because we found a scorpion today
and it is still here in the house oh
this is like stuff from nightmares
because we've heard that somebody gets
cold here which it's kind of cold now
I mean cold for here it got to 68
degrees today let me show you guys he is
ready for this
sometimes I guess they can come in watch
this Oh like that oh I thought he was
going he's still there hold on oh oh
look at guys oh my gosh look at that it
is stuck in the light it came in through
the power from outside like he came from
outside it's yeah for real where'd he go
I'm trying I'm like standing on top of
the oh so the guys were staying in
here but anyways luckily it wasn't
likely it was in there not outside but
David was in there in the bathroom he
looked at he's like uh I think there's a
scorpion the light was it you found it
right yeah which we named the scorpion
there's the new question Jimmy because
you Jimmy rigged his way in the house
named him combat named him get out of my
house shredder right now you're doing
entire someone so they wanted to see you
they don't want to see me I'm 16 weeks
pregnant
woo and I have zits again and I'm tired
I'll just
hold it
hello everyone well what's everyone's
favorite Christmas gift this year Dave
this cute is he single he's not single
baby phone but I could marry a P so much
that they can marry
Janie said she's made no ring that
tickles no bucks ap welcome Big C huh
Dixie Dixie Oh was that the good cop and
she's on Christmas not from me from my
siblings though not for me this year
actually no snows hears from David he
has the best ears out Sam's cracked my
toes Yeah right I've got all these cry
face it's disgusting cousin or dashing
cry mean yeah it does I got too much
stuff I got spoiled I got a new Naked
palette I got Smashbox eye cream
oh yeah yeah watch the Christmas vlog
got a Harry Potter book I got that's all
I'm telling you
yes when you posted that giveaway I was
like we found out the gender and I think
two weeks I think two weeks or a week I
don't know yeah two weeks with all you
find out at 18 weeks I found with either
0 baby names right now
I've one girl name that I kind of like
but how do you feel about everyone
getting really mad at you on the
comments of the two video wing challenge
whoops
guys I wasn't being mean I was being
playful people I mean this is the thing
I was told Elliot today I said on the
wing challenge everyone was commenting
about how mean Jen was and how this and
that and I was like he was dying because
Monica and I have basically had like a
sibling rivalry since we've moved here
about spicy things and everything and
she gets so in my face about cuz I'll
eat something I like I'll say that's
actually pretty spicy and it's like that
is not spicy at all I've never had
anything spicy I've never had anything
spicy in my life and you know she's
she's a powerful individual so anyways
we had been going back and forth at it
forever about spicy food and she just
said she never had anything spicy in her
life ever
so she was she'd really wanted to do the
wing challenge with us so we texted her
and it was like 11 o'clock and they
rushed over and that's why Jenna was
giving her such a hard time to bite the
wings and actually eat the wings
playfully she knows that and we know
that but I guess to outsiders people
just thought you're being super mean
when really she she talked the most
smack ever out of anyone I've ever
competed with she told me one time she
could throw a baseball 88 miles per hour
and I like we just go back and forth so
anyways she basically said she was gonna
dominate me and that nothing in life is
is hot or spicy and so Jen was just like
eat it then but uh the way like
produções talked about she just say
yeah so it kind of came off as like
maybe Jenna was being more aggressive
but you guys just don't know the
backstory I saw I got to say but I was
like I was kind of surprised that
everyone thought that I guess that's
like the disconnect sometimes between
vlog and the real life maybe I don't
know let's see what's in here
I by the way I tried the last dab again
which is supposedly the hottest salsa
and I really don't feel like it's I felt
like de bomb was the hottest we got a
ton in the fridge ton in the fridge a
lot of leftovers really thirsty but yeah
that was actually really fun and we had
some hot wings tonight I had TopGolf
and they did not they weren't spicy at
all cuz we were so used to the other
ones were just like chillin people are
way too judgmental yeah I just was like
surprised and like and people were
Eifert what else were people saying
about you
though I just don't read it it was
pretty mean yeah there was a couple
really long paragraphs yeah some replies
to those honestly like I don't like they
were just being overly sensitive like
people just comment on how good
I looked they think I just kidding I
just get mad when people think I like
when it's so off in my opinion that's
when I get like kind of like oh come on
cuz like the back story themselves so
people needed to it was spicy though if
they really know the books they know
that Jen so kind Jen is a kind soul I
love it's so funny like sibling dynamics
and sibling rivalries or not rivalries
but just sibling family dynamics like
you we're both so different around our
family oh my gosh like you just like all
of you guys and I do this to my siblings
you just pick at each other it's so
weird how like the people we love the
most we pick at the most and are like
the rudest ooh yeah like straight up but
it's just I'm like whatever I'm with
Jen's with me she's like Sam be nice
like sister don't do that and then I do
with you I'm like come on Jen like job
like it's just like there's no sometimes
there's no niceness it's just like bad
this year everyone's growing up yeah
everyone's growing up I got you guys
haven't been they never bicker but you
have oh would you guys fight about this
- yeah I won't bring it up I don't know
top swing I don't know you did I
probably did Matt was trying to get a
little competitive
I like I meant usually kind of realize
yeah but he was like in your face
all of our swings yeah yeah like
analyzing everybody else that was
golfing swings because he's like watched
a lot of golf I was like bro you've
watched a lot of golf does it beat
you're good at golf this one I was just
try David's David's very competitive
catching trash regardless you're
competitive I'm naturally just very I'm
very I'm actually like I'm probably too
competitive sometimes sometimes yeah you
feel I gots to compose tonight no okay
that's why I didn't want to play that
one wrapping game because I was just not
about it I like it wasn't so I learned
not to be as competitive because I
remember remember like three years ago
like you chart that you challenge me to
a footrace I didn't know when we first
started vlogging no you won once and I
won once see in your head no but it was
like so it was like overly competitive
that was when I came up for when I came
up one year for Noah's birthday and
Andrew challenged you to like one-on-one
the basketball courts in that apartment
call oh yeah that's right and then two
Christmases ago - Kristen's ago all this
stuff is on the crazy thing is we talk
about these memories now from the recent
and they're like we haven't recorded
yeah so like further down in life when
we talk about this stuff when we're
together
like well we can go back and watch that
because two years ago we went to the
bounce house oh you guys really
competitively racy everything
another we knock that'll be so I I
really hate losing moon
I do because yeah like board games and
everything oh my gosh I just don't like
being bad at stuff
I hate being better if you've been did
bad tonight
I hate good AP's totally competitive
itself it's weird though cause like when
you think about it though it's like
we're all selectively competitive a
certain thing is because like I think I
think I'm competitive at what I know I'm
really good at and then if I'm if I
stink in it I'm like I don't care I have
to tell me about that I secretly okay so
here's the question how can we bring out
that competitiveness and every day like
I like to like win and have fun day
today so I was way more competitive
before kids but I'm still very committed
yeah but I feel like kids just kind of
told me down a bit Noah is like
everything's you there one are you lost
yes oh yeah right get you ready for bed
I'm first hilarious
anyways cute little duck yeah the the
saran wrap ball game was a bus that was
so much fun Andrew Andrew was like I
didn't realize how crazy I was going it
someone said when is David moving to
Arizona well it depends of his
girlfriend wait yeah you should you know
have you people on your life no you
don't have to David moved to where
no one's there goodness thank goodness
hard so far it's a great place it's a
great place
it's Alphonse well why don't you move
why don't you move closer to looking I
did that dana says can i line my
daughter up with David Jones family is
far more competitive Sam and that's okay
too yeah uh yeah for sure
I'm trying to think are my siblings that
competitive my sister no I don't meant
to be competitive he'll get in your head
and make you want to I mean I don't need
to be that compared because I know I'm
gonna be you guys I could beat every
single one of you in rock paper scissors
right now my family like Courtney
Courtney's kind of competitive actually
okay it probably doesn't come out
Courtney's very competitive Emporium so
is Lindsay I remember it came up the
other day that like there was a almost a
fight when they're playing sequins or
something okay yeah Oh beat you guys
wrong I think you guys are here okay
wait wait can I just point out the fact
that we were just seeing we were just
competing to see which family was more
competitive and then Sam was like I bet
you all I could beat you right now and
then I mean all three of us literally
awesome they're waiting all three same
time three best of three no one is not
it's thing they do the NBA Finals in
seven games for ez three world too could
be a fluke the best team you had a paper
on your rock so it's two is one one now
it was pauses yogurt you're up one and
it's 1-0 mental game you did a rock to
my scissors but she did his scissors and
I didn't see it
that's why I was bringing it up sorry I
really rock this is a shoe okay one one
wait wait Sam they're saying you cheated
no with Jeb go go go go but but Sam is
in competitive already show you how show
you how sorry the same time would you
okay I pray comes before the fall just
now
okay that was fun
how did you handle the stress of getting
married at a young age see we just
turned 23 in that so that was mad no
winning is 85% mental and all games even
life how a champion
Monica Hawkes is here yeah Monica do you
feel like yeah that's a thing honestly
sometimes I go over the line with with
Monica
yeah I mean because sometimes we were
like siblings but in that situation in
that situation of the hot-wing challenge
I mean we were you know we were all
fighting for our lives and Jenna was
just the back story you know people
didn't know about it and Monica's here I
talked so much smack see see she's
saying it herself
yeah but it's just so funny how people
like pick that stuff up yeah like in
things you know Big C was here Monica
didn't eat all that hotness the funny
part is like she put you in a funny
situation for the people too because she
said my baby my baby and so then it you
then you're like oh the question is was
the baby okay
was the baby happy or sad about the milk
yeah did she enjoy it was it spicy well
is it it's a meme it says if all your
eggs is getting jumped who you saving
and somebody replied to between save
obviously not my phone battery since I'm
recording the world series that come
orange shirt guy looks like he always
has what I do the challenge again I
would I actually had the last and the
next day and then Rachel gave me what's
in the bomb through Christmas but that
one's like insane
oh and Sean Evans retweeted my picture
of me after eating it the host of hot
ones my arms getting tired
I just read that comment play
psychiatrist watch JK party I think it
would be funny what's that the one trip
challenge I want to try the Winship
challenge so bad but it cost like 80
bucks it's like a really spicy chip I
kind of we should wait have you watched
the chili Klaus Donovan's one when
they're in the studio eating that
Carolina Reaper oh my gosh we need to do
one of those no I couldn't do it I could
not do it I was out halfway through the
winter I feel like honestly though like
yeah he's cute just see this profile
that's that is chiseled by the Greek
gods hey let's play a game it can i
browse AP is a cutie someone say a P is
a kidding just kidding dude I bet you
always have good weed all the time
breath at what time is it an AZ 12 21
Dave picked his nose how old how old do
you think both of these gentlemen he
wins how old do you think they're you
never know some people some people could
be stung
stumbling upon this in the watch page
like Eric I feel like Erica subscribe to
our Channel
Davis 23 oh I guess so do you want
anything everyone doesn't know kind of
like how old you guys I had a guy like I
had a dad like hit on me at Target the
other day dad
yeah he was like there's no way that's
her kid I was like yep yeah that's rude
I'm 31
how do you think Cubs will do in 2018
hopefully well I gotta see you I go see
what our lineup is anything else
anything else anyone I said we got like
30 minutes should I keep the beard
growing or should I shave it off
intrument beard eared beard the year
dude the year I definitely could not do
a year that's just gross and nappy it
like it would just be so scraggly but it
definitely plans for New Year's a little
bit our seven year anniversary is on New
Year's Eve
yeah well probably celebrate not well
will silver ton New Year's Eve but like
I might come back we uh did we didn't do
an laughter I think I think the thing
with me is like I get I was like kind of
stressed out we have all these things
that happen and then it's like spending
New Year's Eve editing a video and
shooting a video it's kind of stressful
sometimes yeah like that but maybe I
don't know we should they're gonna name
the baby Andrew girl or boy
know any names guys people can wanna
know names I don't got no name no well
sir I think no you have a couple names
will do will do more names when we know
if it's a weird girl you know yeah ap is
nine years older than me when ap doesn't
know it was assistant number baby and ap
doesn't know who you are anymore
love everyday twelve twelve Erich Fromm
said I'm drunk and stumbled upon this
lol y'all got a new subscriber you got
some good humor yeah I be so confused to
just stumble upon this like who are
these people
no playing any sports um we asked him if
he wanted to play baseball and he said
yes and then he said no so he liked
soccer soccer didn't necessarily end
like I'm the most positive note it
wasn't bad but like he just said want to
play in the games anymore he liked to
practice but he didn't like the game he
hated the anyone with a whistle and like
yes we're like okay we'll just wait it
out of my day he's only three Shelley's
43 the question when we get the vlog um
I'll keep working with CJ I just haven't
finished he does yeah I will wrap it up
everyone say give some advice for the
next coming year I'll come to you lesson
okay David David's always quick I'll
start it off okay no I can't okay I'm
just put on I'm put on the spot there's
no way um oh oh gosh let's see what's it
what's some good advice put some advice
on the chat so I can repeat it how about
this focus on yourself don't care what
other people think and it's easier said
than done but really if you if you if
you if you like really like focus
internally and make yours like really
focus on yourself and do positive things
other people who are doing the same will
see that and notice that and
all the toxic people will leave because
they're like oh you're changing but now
you're just bettering yourself and
people that are doing the same will
support that and so cut out the toxic
people in your life just just cut them
off give some competition I made a New
Year's resolution last year to slow my
reading down meaning from reading
information or things blogs or whatever
I decided to read the paragraphs slower
that was in a very simple resolution
just wanted to do that I get that all
the time it looked like dave Franco I
get that all the time anyway so it was a
very simple resolution
I made it through the year and I think
my advice would be to make a very simple
small resolution yeah it did slow my
talking down for sure
so do a resolution that doesn't give you
a lot of pressure like that such a
simple things read slower that was it so
yeah it picked something super small
stick with that and just have it on the
back your mind all year long um that's
that's mine
pick small one 10,000 steps a day that's
good yeah that's not I'll smoke with you
ap I don't smoke I've no no no true
choose a word for your year what's yours
anyway so yeah that's mine pick
something small I got to think of a new
one though this year I'm gonna continue
to read slowly but I gotta think of
something different this year something
easy I don't know all right Jen
Oh advice I think it's gonna I don't
know oh yeah there we go okay
the kiss my husband more where's this
mama it's a good one just well today
yeah I think I think I think my advice
is just enjoy time with your family and
their children yeah Bri the hairs nice
one dance left I'm tired
but to have a third baby and I'm gonna
try to just survive this next year same
advice for you sorry I was in the back
vaping I'm just kidding tolerance shirt
dude that I love him Eric dang Eric is
coming through Eric's is coming at me
come through the ten out of ten comments
eric is my new guy he's invited he's
invited to be in the New Year's Eve
video just survived I think that's a
good resolution my resolution is to buy
jenna house not generally likes living
here I just hate how dark it isn't here
I know it's I saw a good tweet earlier
that said run be healthy eat as much ate
eat healthy food drink water all this
weird like you know New Year's
resolution crap and then it said but
actually enjoy life because you're gonna
die anyways so you know my dad he tries
he's trying to live it to be like 120
but he always says we're all just
perishing souls no that's the thing you
mean most grateful for we're live orange
shirt guy that's right orange shirt guy
live your best life am I going to the
Utah State game in Tucson I think I'm
gonna I'm gonna try to it's on Friday
is Jen vegan yeah I wish I was vegan
alright guys thank you David is growing
up he's 23 now I guess Thanks 35 minute
stream I'm going to continue to work on
the vlog it's over an hour long I don't
know how late is proud yeah what the
last well the whole thing's gonna be
when it's all done you guys recorded
playing that game too didn't you yeah I
haven't even gotten to that part yet I
never know what to do I usually keep the
Christmas vlogs pretty long like
presents and all I include a lot of that
stuff I think that's what people like
right I mean I like seeing that I like
going back and watching that that's what
you guys like right right I think we
definitely got the kids way too much
though this year we like I feel like we
kind of spoiled them a little too much
we didn't anticipate how many presents
they got because we kept hiding things
and not leaving it out and so then the
day when we brought it all out we were
like holy cow there's so much stuff and
we got them so much stuff but they
deserved it they're good kids we'll just
need to tone it back maybe next year
thoughts on politics I don't have any
thoughts - aap is watching us live too
bad they're changing the Bitcoin loss no
I'm just kidding it's not that different
okay inception
I enjoyed this live chat chat alright
guys thanks for hanging out have a great
night we're not deleting this channel
hahaha survivor ah my cousin's cousin
won that's what's up
Peeta
