good morning we're currently on our way
to the airport I'm starting on Sam it's
jumping us
PJ and I Noah's been Sam's parents at
church currently
so we haven't really explained what's
going on but last week a very good
family friend of mine passed away
because like a fourth brother growing up
and so it was really really sad so the
funeral is on Tuesday in the viewing is
tomorrow on Monday and so we decided to
just reroute my ticket to go to
California because my family and friends
at funeral and then Sam and Noah will
travel back home to Utah tomorrow we
know like that was just ready to get
back to his his space it was routine and
you just want to do well at a funeral so
do that and then me the Bates I'm gonna
head to California today
we get to see my family I wish it was
under better circumstances but I'll kind
of explain and show some pictures of
who are my friend was
my brother a very good guy I was
thinking uh
when Matt got married we were at his
wedding reception and his name's rocky
and rocky was in video game high school
as the drift King and that was a huge
production that was very popular on
YouTube and when we were at the wedding
there was like two three four people
that recognized him and wanted to like
take pictures of them well that's crazy
like yeah I'm here like dude do you like
babies yeah just like a fun memory then
he was like seven days do it I still can
hear his laugh in my head I just I just
keep hearing it and it just like breaks
my heart every time it's just it's just
so heartbreaking and he just died so
young and it was just just crazy talk
about yeah so when I get to my house
today
I'll be with my dad and my siblings so
we'll have a wolf talk about Rocky
you know things we loved about him
because we've known him for a long time
I've known him middle school or
elementary school so who was very sudden
and dramatic and really sad so it's
gonna be a rough couple days but I'm
glad to have a chance to go and be there
with my family
here we go open it was good for dad
tomorrow three-hour flight home wish us
all luck I've got a four hour flight
I got the only thing elephant hey famous
grandpa
you were named yo baby on that flight
yes you were
she was so good yeah we just got here
for five minutes but it's 86 degrees
yeah it's really hot out here I'm from
here it's hot today
oh you're sure - thank you you look
really cute with my sister I know I
decided to try making it up and now
we're here after five hours of flying
you took out your so big you know you
laughing you saw her she was just a
little marshmallow doing nothing you
can't want to cook this thing Wow oh
yeah
oh sorry got your finger oh oh you look
sunburned Eli still red oh man grandma
oh she's daring at you she's just
staring at you yeah well she's kind of
stuck like this like an old grandma what
it's curly what when it's dry it looks
oh I feel I feel different in here
what's different it would make the walls
Genji or the glazier cookies I know
oh yeah she's way awake ha ha
she'll smile at any when you smile at
her huh Oh
or maybe cry you hungry oh she's ever
they just redid this room I'm excited to
see it whoa last time I was here it was
a massage table nice bed that's very cuz
they want the who say she smells like
this is the way know that she's no like
to wash her hair she's a little sweaty
it's a little sweaty
it's baby it's better features I cover
like mmm you know like you amazing
auntie raped on a long time
love you already I did I met you well
she has my eye shape this is Anderson
yes and my nose I'm pretty sure yeah hi
hi three month old that's Andrew he's
meeting the baby for the first time look
you get to meet your knees oh yeah
actually can't even hold it up yet hi
you look like Sam Allah no she has my
eye shape though and my nose no she
doesn't like you're so grouchy kisses
this is our scratchy yeah she likes me
faced out she's a little bit icky
that good you Uncle Pete
oh I could tell this guy's too much
energy for me huh and what I love about
her in every picture you take she looks
like she's got this constant sass it's
fast
no no it's constant
I'm an angel innocent no it's good it is
constant like I know what are you doing
are you think the boys
Wow oh good
don't tell me that I figured it'd be
nice it's not go your oh my gosh you're
the fast yeah you like better you just
throw it on
yay so this is a Sunday tradition in the
Guerrero household we have more people
that expect it so he's cutting up a
chicken now
so my sisters are in town I'm not sure
if you know why my my best friend he
passed away last week he was my best
friend of 16 years
his name was rocky Collins for those who
have seen the show video game high
school he was the drift King and
unfortunately he passed away 29 years
old he died of a heart attack
we're still not sure what caused the
heart attack he's a pretty healthy guy
you know really active really fit and so
that's why I Jenna and Rachel are in
town because they're here for the
funeral and I mean they grew up with
Rocky just like I did so and now we're
gonna have Sunday dinner with with Pablo
this is Manuel he has allergy as you can
see in his eyes well yeah the other days
I was all fat so he has allergies
he's Manny this one's called honey bunny
and she's ugly and disgusting Sunday
stroll was really nice come on honey
here's the door um yeah we're gonna go
in a little walk it's really nice out
the baby's already in bed because she
was so tired and it to her it's like 9
o'clock so now we're gonna walk joy the
evening I mentioned earlier this morning
that that's why I was come to California
for the Rockies funeral and viewing and
everything how old were you when you met
Rocky 12 wait so that means I was 12 11
10 9 8 you're four years old living
great yes so I was seven so Wow I was in
the mentary school I was thinking I was
in middle school well tell him that no I
was freshman year
so when I we lived in the same apartment
complex and I despised him I didn't like
him very much
hey you know yeah he lives in our
apartment complex across from the church
uh-huh and I didn't like him very much
and then I was at that point in my life
I was really shy and it was very
desperate for a friend and I saw him
outside my apartment one day and thought
I knew he'd break danced and so I was
like okay I need a Mick friend someone
to talk to then see if he'll teach me I
didn't really care to learn I just
wanted a friend so he taught me a
six-step I guess I'm your 12 years old
and I ran upstairs and said mom my new
best friend just taught me to break
dance and I showed her and I was super
excited and then that week I I we hung
out every day and I cuz he was teaching
me and I asked him if he wanted to sleep
over and he kept making excuses no I
want to sleep over I can't sleep over I
gotta ask my mom so we went to hang at
his house and I went up to his mom and
said hey can rocky sleep over and she's
like sure and then he was spot and then
he was and then they've the rest is
history we just became best friends
after that picture of us so Rocky was
basically fourth brother brother Charlie
we lived at each other's houses
yeah he was over every day yeah you
could oh you always knew rocky with the
at our house because you could hear him
he's so loud the way you just talk so
like use his whole diaphragm to talk and
laugh and everything most boisterous
laugh it's so funny yeah my teeth why
was T so a most beautiful smile yeah
yeah I could pretty much credit like my
behavior is an adult to how he lizard to
have cool lizard let's catch it on my
pokemon game but not I pretty much
credit how how I am as an adult to how
he raised me as a kid and because he
really did we raised each other but you
know very he had a very aggressive
attack toward his dreams and he never
just like stopped and and that's how I
am now and
hey you taught me a lot of confidence
and yeah we miss him yeah you do
tomorrow's gonna be weird sad and weird
yeah that's how we're gonna just talk
about all the good stuff good stuff look
at stuff rocking with Mara we'll be all
the other tears yeah well the next two
days really I have to speak at the
funeral yeah I'm not really sure what to
say at the funeral no I'm figuring that
out it's been a long and exhausting week
oh yeah geez yeah we're only just not
talking about it
because his family wanted some privacy
for a while four friends posted things
and also I think we all just kind of
needed to have Jack accept accept and
adjust that he's no longer with us but
he will always be with us because it's
rocky and we love them yeah it's just so
for me it's just like I always like I
never imagined myself go into the
Academy Awards without him and so now
it's like physically I mean yeah you
know that's that yeah I mean we're all
together here as a family not in the
best circumstance but whatever
we're playing Pokemon go and we're
staying positive hope you guys are
having a wonderful Sunday I wish my baby
I miss Noah and Sam babies love you baby
Noah this is the kids for Noah as you
guys may know Pokemon go is taking over
the world right now you've seen a couple
people literally walking around this
field blank Pokemon there's one kid came
up I was I can explain Pokemon this kid
I guarantee plays playing Pokemon
because there's a Pokemon stop right
over here that we didn't know about
until just a second ago my dad is
playing Pokemon right now have you
caught anything nothing you have to look
at the screen though if you see
something pop up you press on it and
then we got to try and catch him right
we'll do okay yeah see what happens over
here
hi weave there's a Venna net and the
tree right there can you see it
me see it on the screen watch this
accuracy get him there move this to the
right a little
there you go back back right there right
there all the reason to have a little
more ready ready I think one of the
coolest parts of this trip is that this
picture right here has much more
significance to Noah now because he was
able to spend time with almost all of
his cousins his other cousin Eleanor we
will see in two weeks that's my sister
Courtney her baby
she was born a week after Penelope
so like the same age it's amazing but
now no one knows who all these people
are right Noah yeah where's Pippa there
she is who's that Darby where's Abe
right there yep so do you know what your
cousin's better now okay
yeah let's pop up there's that we went
swimming last year yeah okay you say
good night to Papa bye bye maybe it was
the dog poop on the airplane oh my gosh
I haven't told you guys this but I told
my dad and my sister and my brother this
story and Sam buy the whole month why
not so there's a couple next to me they
were very nice and they had two dogs
they're about like my age the couple and
um the dog got kind of upset and so he's
just like sitting on the owners lap for
most of the flight for like the last
half of the flight anyway last 25
minutes of the flight we're in descent
into California into LA and the dog just
poops all over his lap diarrhea oh my
gosh I have never smelled something so
foul in my entire life like I was exam I
would rather change Noah's poopy diapers
all day long and smell this dog diarrhea
you smell dog diarrhea you know that
smell
it is
yeah to have that smell like in this
tight space on an airplane just like
right there like two seats next to me I
was like oh my gosh I was dying I
already I already get a lot of anxiety
on airplanes haven't really talked about
it but I just don't like feeling trapped
up there with people who can get sick
because I have a phobia of throw-up and
just all that stuff so I'm like oh my
gosh and maybe even make it worse anyway
I gave them some wipes and everything
and so that was kind of nice but on a
brighter note I have never been offered
so much help in all my life
everyone really they were so kind to me
today so when I was in line this was
such a nice lady and her family but I'm
really gonna be helping shoulders like
oh thank you so much that was like kind
of stressing about it I was already like
in an airport I didn't really know and
stuff so I was like trying to find my
gate and all that stuff and then um the
man and his family in front of me he was
like carrying her bag for you to your
seat can I help you break down your
stroller so he helped break down my
stroller as well so she took the car
suit off he broke down the stroller and
then he took my bag and I was like okay
tear sheet for you and it was gosh I
like sat down to my seat I just wanted
to cry because then someone else this
other girl and her husband and their
little baby or something kind of next to
me just like can I help you get your bag
up above you and all this stuff feels
like fish all right like three three
completely complete strangers we're just
so kind to me i sat in my seat with PJ
still sleeping because you stayed asleep
and I just wanted to cry because I was
like and then you'll see poking you on
the ground right and so overwhelmed a
little room just like kidding
yeah Airport by myself with the baby and
lots of luggage and stuff from the earth
it was just people were so kind battle
that's okay well I was just so grateful
people were just so so kind they're
still beautiful kind people in this
world and then father came and picked me
up yes which was also kind because then
he came in and grabbed all my bags for
me not me oh it was river least we're
just playing Pokemon Pokemon go
we're having birthday pie birthday pie
birthday pie
what is this birthday pie dog new dog oh
you think
