okay one more surprise Grammys present
hey guys what's up I am in Utah right
now Jenica is actually in California
we've been in different states since
Sunday we have locked on the cameras and
stuff but she has mostly footage and she
has been unable to get it to me the
reason why she's in California is
actually she's at a funeral for one of
her family's best friends that passed
away last week I will see her again
tomorrow and so then at that point I
will get all the footage that we had
plus her footage and create current
vlogs she's tried to send me it but just
hasn't worked out because the Internet
where she's been at has been terrible I
tried to post a video every single day
and I feel bad when we miss so for
today's video real quick we're gonna
post some extra footage that we got at
the crunchy house with the nieces we
played a little bit of the whisper
challenge we put a little improv game
together and that will be your vlog for
today
like I said tomorrow I'll pick up Jen
from the airport and Penelope no is
actually here with me and I'll catch you
guys up with all the footage that you
missed because we do explain the funeral
and everything else but I don't have it
with me so I can't do that I hope that
all makes sense it's weird to be back
you guys will get the live current
footage soon when I get Jen so thank you
for being patient with us we love you
guys enjoy these clips yeah Taylor Swift
well we invited to your fourth of July
bash it was on rhode island we could
have just driven over obviously I'm kind
of just driven over crystal glass it's a
lower the music we've got a Jimmy well
oh please Barbara glass Barbie I've
every doesn't call me Barbie all weekend
yeah
I never say thanks Barbie every time no
it's nice come on cuz member that
picture bar we die we you have a scarf
around your head and sunglasses me
little Barbie is really cute picture man
when I six for takeaway I wanted to come
back and I am I'm gonna do what up okay
okay here we go
I'd say might try a new type of
challenge that no one has ever done
before that's not you okay that's never
been done before and Darby brought it up
and we're gonna try to make a story with
the alphabet so Sam let's start with the
letter aim make a sentence and then
Darby would continue the story starting
with the letter B see the and so forth
so we'll see if we can come up with a
fun silly story and just see how this
goes and never messes up loses if not
we'll do to it with you again that cap
ready yeah
it's trying to think of a really good
sort yeah it's really her as uh early
ever in this era think of names and
think of things that start with like
word since I was a and aunt aunt aunt
Annies alligator a sandwich was left on
the countertop one evening I know
Beatrice was the one who left that same
are you kidding me I was thinking of
Beatrice as well well guess what I'm
surprised Helen L see your singing
that's the plumber got way too slow but
I can't looked at it no okay Kath her
younger sister looked at it and died I
don't eat don't you eat my sandwich cat
even the mice came outside that night to
look at that sandwich next farther and
farther away from the topic we straight
fortunately unfortunately cat was sneaky
and gotten sandwich before Bianca Sagar
Bianca BJ okay
Gertrude a little brother with mad cat
because he wanted to eat the sandwich
also and he made the sandwich for
Beatrice and he doesn't go away too long
it's like they're you mad at cat free
eating it because he made it especially
for Beatrice Beatrice I have the
sandwich now Beatrice go make your own
sandwich says Gertrude it was the mice
started clapping just kidding this game
is over
just kidding said I have no idea what ok
that's our train sorry
can we not meet her I'll start I know
what's up a bit Abigail was on a walk
with her dog one day but then some
lightning struck and she said that's ok
in this case I'll be SC ok we are back
here again with a few more challenges me
and all we're going to the whisper
challenge
I don't think she can hear me ok let's
go ready ready ready good starting yeah
you're starting tomorrow starting right
now tomorrow I have a swim meet I'm
gonna swim fast tomorrow I have aslam me
and I'm so fast tomorrow and I'm gonna
swim fast
oh okay thank you buddy yes you got it
okay number two I like to it is the
different manga I like to eat chocolate
chunky ice cream with bananas and syrup
I like to eat chocolate ice cream with
peanut butter and jam it tip I like to
eat chocolate chunky ice cream with
bananas and syrup I let you talk to
chocolate with peanut strawberries James
Corden is dead drink oh no James Corden
is dead over start over
Gordon is dead I have no idea what James
Corden is dead
Dartmouth going poop James Corden James
Harden the co-worker James Corden is
dead James Corden is dead he is not dead
okay
okay all of my teeth my Peter what all
of my teeth are from different all my
tutor from different people good next to
my name
thanks for watching
this collaboration with our nieces
where are my niece's one needs to go
here and one needs to go here I need to
pee in a meeting
yeah thanks for watching thanks for
watching Tommy in this together
are you uh are you a toddler yeah baby
how old are you yo you're too
