happy birthday dear Danica happy
birthday to you thank you
you
a singing happy birthday look at what I
woke up to in a balloon oh gosh you're
the best
okay thank you
every year my mom sends me Cherie
berries cherries berries do send them
wherever I am I've received them in I
feel like I've received them in here
before in New York
none shop here they are whenever I'm
ready we're getting doughnuts
ah dang donut this morning okay over
here my mom sent me cherry berries and I
love them oh good place is so good deal
with gourmet doughnut shop wait here's a
gift to start off right here there's
that's the oh yeah come on you can't
just speak look that's that's the
whatever it's called tissue paper you
can find any tissue paper Sam I told mom
we're living on the road not to fight Oh
some ultra boosts yeah try this on so
you got to wear those today I know
that's not oh okay whoa yeah Charlie's
on Mama's fancy now Mama's looking fan
mama shoes this is mama
no this Mama's no I just got a cleaner
icecream dang girl are they comfortable
oh I see Jenna inventions she wanted
some ultra boost and so we made it
happen
Wow well those are very my heels are
squishes they're also running shoes
they're like we're gotcha is you
actually like wear those to your class
or whatever you want
I got my new shoes oh hi they're so
squishy Oh huh what I feel ya know likes
to mix all the plain oh whoops but also
got a package well here from cutest
little shop called a little lady shop
she has an Instagram and stuff as well
show you it's a whole bunch of cute oh
it's just perfect
just wanted to show you guys really
quick set the sweetest little cards from
Marie Marie green she owns a little shop
yeah she was an Instagram an Etsy and
everything look how cute that one's I
think I hope you do wear that one today
look at this one oh this one and we're
ours has a show mall because they're all
so cute okay how cute that is
this one I think this one's one of my
favorites I love this they're so sweet
for okay love them love them all thank
you so much Marie you guys want to get
interested in any cute bulb felt bows
like this and cute little fabric bows go
check her out I love supporting all
these cute little mommy shops because
it's just it's the Mamas hard work and
so when you like make time to do a fun
thing for yourself I'm gonna love it and
I love supporting the guys so go check
them out if you think any other cute
there's a bunch of different styles and
colors and patterns what he oh my
goodness what are you making thank dad
always in the best place right by the
carpet we'll make do I'm 25 today
Oh 30 guys no you're not
I mean you are but you're not um we are
currently on our to have a cheeky mandos
date chicken tenders as I feel like what
that's what everyone says I'm gonna have
a cheeky nandos you're missing all the
no inator yes it's gonna be taking a nap
with the parents my parents lettuce we
have the girl with us those she maybe
you know she's very quiet and yes she we
barely know she's there and she is
attached to me so she's with us and
we're gonna go see what's playing
I'm excited it's like such a nice day
everyone's like out and about in
downtown and some celebrating genzaburo
everyone's just here to celebrate for
Jen's birthday everyone in the comments
but say one thing you love about Jen
don't do that do it do it don't do that
do it I want them to read it feel really
happy
don't do that do it do it dude I love my
shoes though let's do can you see him
down there they're so comfy cute
got cool chairs
pull the cord
what we get
I don't know I look it's only your
birthday once a year so you gotta go
pull out drink got a pineapple lemonade
so it feels like we're in the dr and
then we're going with some hummus with
some veggies and pita and I might
drizzle this Harry Harry
drizzle and sauce on it
give me more credit we drizzled it and
we're going to drizzle some more because
it is very good oh how it's not a good
drizzle jangada where's that check out a
rat was born
what corn and I got there like they're
amazed really my cheeks are cheeky I
love Nando's 10 out of 10
okay look at what I said let's go with
cheeky Nando's oh yeah it's like the
type of place where you go and you can't
decide what you want so you want to keep
going back to try new things it fits
exactly who I am
chicken chicken I'm a chicken spicy I
love hummus I love good hummus the sauce
the drizzle was amazing the vegetables
were amazing the t tortilla pita
whatever that that was amazing
oh the chicken was great the sauce was
just me can i buy that online is out on
their website can I buy that because I
was so address I'm like dings yeah I
wish it would have come here when we
were here a couple weeks ago cuz then we
could have it twice I loved it
it said everything that I liked somewhat
saving all of mix that I didn't try that
I wanted to that look like we got the
hummus I said whoa oh love it I wish man
Nando's it's not like now let's open one
up okay Joe bud if you're Maya Nando's
try it and for those of you don't like
Nando's
you I like the ambiance - yeah let's
find out a lot of like Caribbean music
that I like yeah and it was cool I had a
frozen yogurt machine near the drinks so
I think Andy like root beer floats and
coke floats whatever you wanted I didn't
see cones it was like a higher class
Dickies that was a fun little birthday
date and now we're gonna go because my
and look at luggage luggage snap rope
she's a new one anyways and then yeah as
I was picking it up yesterday it snapped
I got like a metal splinter that I did
to take out and did you bite it
we've had an outage it just popped up
with a chunk the skin out basically
so we're going go to that and see if you
can find anything and then just keep
enjoying the day Oh four houses I hear
no I think it's just fun that we like I
hear so we really there's my beautiful
homes out here so you might just look
Noah
that's not stop waiting all day happy
birthday to me and dad's ready a big
bike baby's talking to creamy so you
look hilarious I bet you look like
you're gonna break it fun drinks look
you have your own fun drink this year's
yeah yeah some G's almost like it hi sir
minute summit one person's birthday I
feel like it's a rumor
yeah because we all get to celebrate
birthdays are just the best uh-huh
you need a drink on the straw are you
yeah hit I guarantee a bunch of people
in the comments have this plate good
lasting that no I think we need a point
like that that's the special birthday
plate special birthday plate have you
used that booth a plate okay like my
whole way mMmmm oh the decorations Oh Oh
someone's awake I hear the baby are you
trying a new place I chose Wow sit for
dinner that says cheese huh it'll be
fine does she owe you no add cheese oh
honey it's okay
it won't kill you uh only made you
stronger
Pete well these are big pizza
let's open it up they're huge
oh yeah baby
yeah Wow yes balsamic glaze yeah it's
like it likes mmm I really like that
dream this one out a little bit yeah oh
now let's see that I'm into it what can
we do you get the meat 100 remember that
I chose New York this is the this is I
think they're like the normal pizza that
they usually get people even have
meatballs on it
Wow and then I got this hat for Noah and
just Kajaani ah look eat card from you
figured out laughs yeah sure I mean for
my wife on your birthday the top ten
things I don't say often enough okay I'd
hate to miss teen weight I'd hate to
miss the game but this board really is a
good scrubbing night why don't you buy a
nice new pair of shoes to go with that
outfit the funny wears I feel like I do
say most of these things to you actually
not the game in the scrubbing movie if I
can see you one more car taste I'm gonna
hurl
so we're gonna go see me before you
today um Oh finding dory yeah I'm pretty
tired too let's just cuddle why can't
they show real good real looking women
in those lingerie catalogs my thumb is
going okay would you mind only the
remote for a while I'm not sure sorry
you got enough blankets over there and
zero weight to hold your first love
we're standing next to thank you
and the number one thing I don't have
enough is you know it
this card is worth one family photo
shoot with the photographer hi I'm Wes
back thank you
well isn't that way you really want so I
was thinking about contacting one that I
found but I was like I feel like you
probably have one that your brother
thinking of okay this is a new thing
that no is doing today
he's obsessed with having a glove he's
getting on the base oh I get the other
ball pad this one's going to me thank
you
okay thank you okay here we go he's
grabbing the ball and he throws it okay
step into it Noah oh there you go oh
there we go yes he has a lot of
cheerleaders and coaches it's great oh
oh that's all really a lot to put
together leaps and bounds from earlier
today wind up line up
good whoa nice throw come here you guys
catch position catch your position
through the legs oh no we got it keep in
the glove okay right knee up put your
knee up
step into it yeah good throw nothing
like playing catch with your kid maybe
step into it go with your hand with your
hand good job your leg up good job
woo happy birthday to you happy birthday
to you happy birthday dear Jenica happy
birthday to you
Wow oh-oh-oh-oh key other cheek oh I got
it I got even it out ready up don't
you say happy birthday to mom yeah I
know you thank you thank you thank you
when you holdin you got kids like gas
you know going to the movies is kind of
a big deal it's kind of a treat yeah the
second time we're going in like a year
second time on this trip ain't no the
cap off Jen's birthday we were gonna go
see a chick flick but dang it they
weren't in town since new movies no I
did I did not know the movies that we
wanted to see word like too far away so
we're going to see the review that's
okay it'll be finally funny to put you
know we haven't I'm gonna give me oh
that's how I said dinner when do you
Regas give here our cups give a birthday
movie dance
oh wow she's like working in my hands a
gram oh you are
oh I've Noah singing happy birthday what
you guys huh alright let's go
how was your birthday yeah great
birthday yeah I just enjoyed the summer
de Graaff we're going to celebrate a
little bit I get back I don't need to
solve any more it was a great day
thankful there's a little bit no I don't
do it I would like do a lot different
stuff no no no I thought I I thought you
pregnant birth birthday birthday I think
he's saying birthday hey what does a
perfect thing perfect I thought it was a
perfect birthday was great fun times we
have to decide though about our photos
we're gonna take him with oh yeah so how
does it Rachel oh yeah sure Jen just
really wants to get a bunch of family
photos because we don't have many
pictures of all this together because
we're usually the ones taking the
pictures of each other
anyways so I'll be a lot of fun now I
planned that for very soon daisuke's got
a new suitcase it's awesome and just
pack it up
Sam they're parting ways tomorrow yeah
we'll talk more about that tomorrow
wonderful day 25 years old almost 30
jens the coolest person I know you're
the coolest person I just
she's remember to put something one
thing you love about Jenny becometh
happened dude hey she is just one of
those genuine people I know realist she
loves everybody
other ggj 14:5 in a bitch to grow an
inch really break out in song and dance
or something
