I love you guys next time we have the
same exact shot you'll be like I'm foot
dollar each
we're heading home almost we're stopping
in Chicago to celebrate Jen's birthday
which will be a lot of fun I have my
trusty assistant here are you thinking
aboard I'm thinking of a word ready oh
wait to say at the same time don't mean
right one two three cool
you guys know us you know we're on the
same page we always get our words right
excuse me assistant shout out to best
fiends for sponsoring today's video this
is one of our favorite games to play we
talked about it I think about a month
ago we've been playing a lot of you guys
I think are a lot farther than I am I've
seen some people say their past level
100 which is crazy because I'm only I
think I'm at 47 right now 45 47 is when
I can do the next fiend quest because
there are these new quests that you can
do for the little bug guys there's one I
have 47 for Edward and then another one
I had a hundred that I'm looking forward
to there's little old me so I'm really
close to get into that 47 spot I will
probably be there today what's your
favorite number five so all of us gonna
play level five and demonstrate how this
game works
you can cross like that you do these
crazy combinations and then that goes to
that guy right there and then that kills
us like slug yeah these will slugs so we
selected our people right here like our
fiends that we want to use and they
fight for us by making matches and then
they attack BAM that feels good no and I
did it I do one more level do more level
that was one of the easier levels
because I was little fuzzy okay in the
next favorite number is 15 15 all right
go to 15 yeah so this levels a little
bit more difficult because you have to
actually get three of the gems you get
six of those legs three of the gems in
open one box and then depending on you
know you can choose your team depending
on what you think would be best
stick with this so and I have 24 minutes
to start so I have to get through all of
these stumps to get to that box which
makes a lot more difficult than just
beating the slugs
so best fuse is a puzzle game that you
build your own team fight the slugs it's
really fun
like I mentioned there are these new
quests that you can do now at certain
levels like there's this one for Jean at
level 100 and then I'm going to do one
at 47 pretty soon if you guys have the
game or you're interested in downloading
it you can actually click on the link in
the description to get it for free
they're actually giving out a free gift
in the game on July 10th on Sunday so
make sure that you have installed by
then so you can log on play and get the
free gift there are special side quests
where you can get gold there's tons of
fun things to do and they're constantly
updating the game there are a lot of new
levels how's it going over here
oh down I just leveled
did you beat it oh my gosh in the box
there's usually these little puffy
yellow guys and then usually get keys
too but since we're to beat the level
they won't give them to you with the
keys you can actually click and unlock
things to get more items in the game I'm
excited to see what the gift is on
Sunday post below in the comments what
level you guys are at I know a lot of
you are playing I get tweets every
single day I want to know who's the
farthest if you're on Twitter to send me
a screenshot of the level so I actually
believe you because I mean anyone could
just write anything in the comments
check it out link in the description
hi Memphis barbecue Sal and it is
last meal
dinner both breakfast together and maybe
lunch before we head out
since I've Chicago tomorrow for the
weekend
this was o-town can be be be at any
Olympic event which one would it be
happy on the men's basketball team yeah
hurdles I have the ability to go right
yes we would do the decathlon actually
do all of it yeah and then right it's
like everything what was your favorite
thing about the New York stuff I would
have to say all of winning her swimming
even though I wasn't there I was really
proud inside
well in my eyes and in my heart and then
everything I think does she want
what was your favorite thing about
having us here not interacting with you
on the screen
what about you
how did this a your dick yeah sitting
and raining when a manager asleep
sitting on the corner kids were asleep
clearly it was a little bit hard with
the kids
yes
oh yeah oh yeah
yes
yeah pretty good then I would say they
loved each other more than they didn't
like each other all right the food's
here no we got a big burger that's a
kid's meal can't believe it
what's that a chicken Caesar salad
I guess so pastrami sandwich sandwich
and pulled pork sandwich and mac and
cheese and she is terrific two juices at
Cinda
why do you have the unicorn mask because
it is very difficult to ding-dong-ditch
in this video how because people will
see you
we've ever been dingdong ditched by
unicorn this is what I call being smart
using a stick to move and swing that's
what I did today
very good work young lady Jen's in the
hammock for the first time no do you
want to get in one you don't want to get
in with olive yeah all it makes it look
like she's like a hammock mermaid Jen
said she changed her mind this is your
favorite moment in the hammocks I wasn't
able to finish the Stormtrooper still
learning
someone did though they finished it are
you feeling you right now yeah I know
you did now is this to activate I know
you've finished it I'll pack a woman
where is he
well I'm an expert on this your nice
running stores with a yarn is terror
okay we'll just start there tomorrow I
love you guys love you guys Pippa bye
next time we have the same exact shot
you'll be like a foot dollar each love
you
I can just see the back yeah swim swim
swim both of you jump in go fast
little things are like boxes walking
escalators
good I think Sam needs a nap for entire
day for that flight hi ma'am
got your stork shirt huh Noah's got his
start shirt on I got my store shirt on
it says we're so happy you decided to
come back welcome Sam Penelope Noah
Jenica this is why Ellen look like a Sun
flower summer all right so we made it we
are back in Chicago this was not my
original plans to stop here on the way
back we were just gonna go straight to
Salt Lake but I thought it'd be fun to
stop on the way and just the price of
flights and everything it worked out to
be more economical so we are here for
Jenna's birthday
she is currently falling asleep on the
couch she needs to get in bed the
traveling today was a little crazy oh
that was very crazy actually I remember
when he flew to DC for playlist live we
were sitting on the runway for about an
hour and all I could think of was thank
goodness I'm just here by myself right
now because when you sit on the runway
with kids it's just you're like counting
down to take off and just counting down
you know so we can get off the plane so
everything's going well even when it is
going well you're just like all right we
need to get through this
so today the airport was very crowded
and I just was like just can't be good
and I'm sure LaGuardia is probably
generally pretty crowded we boarded our
plane a little late because the other
plane came in late and we sat on the
runway with locked up seatbelts cabin
door closed for two hours to two hours
that we could have been flying the
flight itself I think was an hour and 40
minutes so we were on the plane for
about four hours including boarding it
was a battle no it was pretty good but
you know he just like he did he just
there he's a toddler he just turned 2
and he wants to get up and move and run
around and have fun and that he's very
overactive and it's great and I love it
but my body is sore because it's just a
wrestling match between him and me the
thing that really finally got him
down today was watching blogs I pulled
up my laptop we pulled up all these
different vlogs and he just loved it so
anyone that has experience flying with
toddlers will know exactly what I'm
talking about
it is crazy so tomorrow we will be
celebrating Jennifer's birthday
she's turning 25 I'm excited to spend
part of it just me and her
that's kind of the cool part of being
here with my parents is that they can
help watch the kids for a little bit and
then we'll do some stuff together as
well to celebrate tomorrow night hi
happy birthday hey guys
Noah don't you want a new unicorn to
cheer you up
