that's talent right there
necessary baby brothers are stupid
it's time for daily Spanish lesson ready
Sandia Avena
to beloved where to go
quesadilla pan el pan Bassel el vaso no
can you say iPad that's good
usually says ie junk lettuce in Cairo
3 there is often more summer camp trips
she's got the whole summer lined up I
was here until the reunion but at least
I will see you again I only got to see
you for two days
this one's gonna have a first swim meet
hey do so good can't wait to hear about
it I can't wait to hear about all your
trips whoa how'd you just good on you
tell me did you just throw it over by
yourself you did you try again can you
try again there keep going keep going
you doing so well you roll back over you
know but good keep going keep going
she really just went under tummy trouble
tired now just like one rolls enough one
rolls enough good job keep going keep
going
yeah keep going oh I'm trying
I'm trying you may look so easy the
first time PJ now it's a little
challenging
look at those eggs
all right we are the only ones here
currently
Darby's off on more summer camp
adventures and all of us are for
swimming so we're just gonna hang out
this evening because this meets like
four or five hours I don't think they'll
get back into like so no time for a tour
- I know I'm saying you know no I just
woke up from his nap and he is
downstairs with Sam and I'm just up tier
reading a book wait my baby
I really never again are you nope you
made the same exact hour and design and
shape yesterday - and you called it
store stores like good look like a
beauty yeah it's gonna be a lightsaber
or what Jimmy it runs with Star Wars
yeah it's pretty cool I'm pretty sure it
says who knows we are out here in the
wilderness
this is uh I guess not the way to where
the baby with this but she enjoys it a
lot more than the other way yeah we just
went for a little walk
no what did we see on our walk a mommy
and a dad in this sissy and a baby we
saw a baby - huh
I got the wrong hair Joe I got this
pomade that was more shine than hold and
indeed my haircut and so I'm wearing the
hair tie it's kind of ridiculous being a
little being a little dramatic about it
but it's so hot and humid today that
yeah
anyways we went inside the alpacas and
the owner of them and his dog or someone
was outside and it would've been weird
to like film their alpacas it would've
been weird to like pull out the camera
be like hey what's going on but we were
just talking to him about him and he
says he got him for cheaper than you get
a dog for four I'll pop your super than
they bought the poodle puppy poodles are
pretty expensive yeah but apparently
alpacas aren't easy to come by out here
because there's just a plethora so maybe
one day my sister does talk about having
a farm area or she could have alpacas I
think that's probably her dream and then
she could harvest their hair because you
have to like cut it to make sure they're
cool for the summer and just their
well-being so I'm sure it's her dream to
have that part of their what school like
because she wants it to have like home
like her own yard and use her own you
see that really cool because the guy
like they got their alpaca shaved and it
came back as yarn yeah he's like so do
you get that back and she's like yeah we
get it as urine it's like home in I
think her she already knows this but
that would definitely be a dream come
true / and the little man's got his
walking stick we had a nice little hike
it is just so hot we got to make sure we
all stay hydrated and cool look at those
cute guys down there enjoying nature
best dad ever
hey I just need me up here do you see me
look okay okay come on come sit sit tell
us how tell us everything so I just
walked upstairs and olives bed
would be across the whole pool and then
back right okay so and it was measured
in yards 25 years so I won two out of
three of my key I can't remember where
you're wearing it I got disqualified oh
boy
well there are different strokes you got
you want freestyle and one in the back
stroke oh my gosh
but wait do I do it's windy it's coffee
I didn't thanks jack
why do you just wanna know I saw that
flags to where the like to warn you I
guess like you're too close to the wall
director and I was like my family was
there slated to strokes back and then I
turned and then I'm like dang it so I
did another stroke
that's a disqualification oh we didn't
touch the wall you have to you can't do
two strokes of freestyle stroke and then
grab it and then turn that weird flip
turn and then I went that way and then I
had to turn it was bad but I still
wanted to show you yes style is amazing
I can't even believe myself I want I
wish oh you filmed it yeah yes we're off
your ribbon were you nervous when you
first got there what are you seeing
everyone were you nervous yeah but
you're due at the start on the little
podium you need open podium like the
little diving thing oh the block uh-huh
oh how many people did you race against
other glass plates a first for then work
that's near there there you go for you
did you kill the a gentleman or you just
like oh we even have to clip you just
lazy named you here mom I couldn't do
anything
oh my gosh oh my gosh amazing hey guys
so I did just let me add you know I'm
today and I have a chair for you so
Rhinebeck man trace the east to the west
cuz Rhinebeck is the best weapon at the
e8e beat'em be USD bust him beat him
busting nuts our custom come on run that
great Justin okay oh yeah come on run
the cria just
how'd you do
