you know be creative here leave my halo
listen I'm trying to prank my citizen
help all that doesn't give me it look
mom look what you did in my hair
mom what look at my hair mom can I help
a girl out
how old are we
I'm really cute my little outfit cute
little bump up there those popsicles
Amero we can do better you can do better
you know one for pie
it's a swim day let's get pool with
families some swim team day stands in
the pool currently yeah well her up is
covered up pops dulce for the tops will
smell and the bombs are a little big
Dookie that good yeah he's going a wagon
ride look at this thing
look how cool that wagon is come on only
got a 40-minute nap and he's a little
cranky
hey
well I know how to copy oh my this child
right now it's on a whole nother level
today so this is really not meant to be
worn like this but she hates being faced
towards me so this is what we're trying
today because I don't have an air girl
with me
there's old Bertha Gertrude uh Harold we
can't remember the names we're gonna
yarn bomb this popsicle inspired by PJs
little dress today right here for the
horses to enjoy Kristy glass knits in
action this is her setup oh okay horses
I hope you enjoy your fourth of July
treat
Wow hey mr. hammock boy what you doin in
there are you smooth shit'll and ice
cream ever look at that line
it's a very long line outside of work
out and she's time to take naps before
bed oh yeah you guys making the baby cry
hey babe read you guys this is something
that we picked up today at Target it's
Star Wars crocheting includes everything
you need to make yoda and a stormtrooper
perfect
I've never crocheted or knitted in my
life tomorrow I will try with the help
of my sister hopefully I can make
something she said if I can't help me
make a stripper before we leave which is
great I actually think personally that
the Ewok kind of looks like the coolest
thing to make see they got Luke Leia
Darth Vader
c-3po there's a bunch in there I was
looking at it but I think the Ewok looks
the coolest but we'll start off with a
stormtrooper for obvious reasons in our
boss
in the forest i'ma know were somewhere
out here I found them
no is throwing the baseball exams the
catcher
hey everybody I just decided that today
yeah check it out look it's turtle and
hey I need a song hey listen guys I'm
only three months old I only have a very
limited vocabulary so I'm doing the best
I can so check back in in like whoa mom
Lima hello listen I'm trying to prank my
cousin help oh it doesn't give me it
look mom look what you did to my hair
some what look at my hair
mom can I help a girl out doing the best
they can seriously Sam the month I see
the monster you take no prisoner
now we have the Stormtrooper ball damn
the other buzz down there this is how we
do tell me ten I mean here about the
nail or in the face of that ball do I
get a try want me to bet you life sister
versus brother showdown showdown and she
has to tinkle
hit them without him catching it good
feet get his feet no he caught it
oh did you want to sing a song no not me
we can't I bullied all the time or me my
advice is don't sing your motto music do
you owe me that
do you want me to do that yes full-out
Darby full-out we're moving around
stages yeah Bobby this is my part okay
if I'm good enough to sing at three
months you should be willing to sing
right now da roca rest days Oh seriously
darts
she is so drooly she's getting her teeth
we're seeing deep guess who had teeth
that three months ooh
O'Town three months into like 11 months
old name with that one all right no I
didn't oh oh thanks for the hug thanks
for the leg hugs I knew I should have
gotten hurt okay I did someone's
birthday today it's mine no this is
Penelope's three-month birthday let's
see three months old she is getting
stronger
she is babbling a lot she like will talk
to you like a lot and she's drooling a
lot so Jenica know this might be she is
still working on her neck strength as
you can tell she likes to look good
downwards I'm talking about this put
your head up and she is nice and tall
great tall and shake said she won
everything and she's just a delight oh
she likes to eat and poop and sleep well
don't we all
sorry he was aiming in and out cuz she's
cute she still got lots of blonde hair
coming in I want her it's got a dump
she's got double chin to die first he
really wants to cut off from all it but
I will not let her would you cut her
mullet or would you keep her mom it's
like a rat tail now who's the right here
I wonder I was disgusting
do you like her rat tail I left her
house she isn't right away I think it
might be good to trim it up to death no
I'm very sweaty ran out so human looking
Noah her hair's getting too long to like
curl up almost curly here and I like to
poop some Christina ending song is about
to play on Zootopia and I slowly see and
put down blue dive titty gathers Pass
time for my crocheting lesson right now
we're getting the yarn in a good place
that means mom and I'm going to work on
the Stormtrooper Jen my doing as well
you know when you become a parent your
free time becomes incredibly limited
it's usually only at night it's usually
for a couple hours it's basically as
late as you want it to be and then feel
the pain in the morning I probably don't
have time for crocheting but I think
it's good to educate educate yourself
and learn new things and maybe it's
something that I'll really enjoy this
isn't he walked that she just made
wicked okay his eyes are a little hey no
I love him that was actually the one I
wanted to do to do next but I think if
I'm successful with the striped Ripper I
will do c-3po next inning with
Christopher's crochet okay well I've
never found you so attractive okay so
you you yarn over with the working
working yarn just attached to the ball
yeah what's a technique till they keep
this link you just gotta kind of hold it
with your hand
yep : yeah
pull through I don't think my hands are
made for us
great yeah anymore
you did it babe you're doing it progress
progress
it's okay Chrissy's making one too no
I'll have to swim to avoid the internet
here is absolutely horrible
my sister's probably gonna watch this
and then feel bad but it's just the way
it is we're in the country
crunchy house so getting blogs up has
been kind of difficult I've had to
upload for hours sometimes a full day
and I'm trying to figure out what I'm
gonna do in the time until we leave so I
kind of have taken a day in between the
last two uploads just so it's not so
time-consuming and crazy because that's
not what this trip is all about being
frustrated yeah anyways a lot of you
guys have also enjoyed some of the
different shots that we've had in the
vlogs and I'd like to incorporate more
of those going forward it and just kind
of mix things up I don't think it's not
necessarily mixing things up but just
kind of getting a different perspective
of what's going on in our day to day
lives so it's something I used to do a
lot more before we had kids because I'm
shooting with the DL DSLR in some of
those videos but with kids your hands
are always full and it's just like hard
to capture those moments you know with
the DSLR anyways that's what's going on
dunfin reading we recorded I would say
like a challenge video but we did some
videos with Denise's tonight so we'll
probably edit those when we get home and
post them crocheting it's hard I got
better I'm already growing I made some
progress feel like I've already made
progress yeah yeah I'll be good we're
actually gonna stop somewhere on the way
back to Utah we're gonna be heading home
soon my sister did a house toured the
other day I think I think Shep loaded it
I'll put a link to her vlog if there's
any room she has when I get like a more
in-depth look at let me know because
this place is super interesting super
sweet
see us tomorrow love you peace
oh good
now yarn over and pull through both
