I don't know where he wouldn't to use a
stick as a walking stick but it's
happening right now and we're going on a
little journey to find some alpacas this
morning I would say had a weird
obsession with that pakka's but I used
to like joke around and my screen name
on AOL was alpaca eater does really make
sense but they won't hold this one -
okay but we're gonna go find these
little guys and they recently got
haircuts so they're pretty cute you
ready
we found them but they're a little far
away right now Noah might have to come
by later today you want try and get him
to come over say come here guys
hey come here alpaca are you my mama
llama gonna poke the eye out with that
stick Rock did you all the pencil did
the rock by himself
most of better senseless you guys out
here by himself I did this hey PJ here
just wondering why my parents and look
make up songs about my life I mean I've
been watching back on the vlogs and no
one has all these song and like hair
updates and stuff what the crap I can't
add the song me have you seen in there
cookie dance
oh is this a storage cookie it kind of
is ready watch this honey
so we were gonna go swimming today Jenna
was me swimming as well and of course
there's a tornado watch so we can't go
swimming but we're doing the next best
thing
we're watching the rain here on the
porch heating black and white cookies
these are one of my favorite things to
eat in New York how would you describe a
black my cookie have a can you guys the
enemy White House you know you can't
this is Entenmann's brand looks like my
cookies which I was like maybe there
won't be out then take it's like not a
bakery necessarily they're pretty dang
good I always try a black and white
cookie
I just goes like my cookie eyewitness
kind of lacking life he adds a little
piece of cake with some foam thump
chocolate on one side
on the other the less you can mine now
oh hello Jacqueline everything's fondant
fondant doesn't taste good though oh
this is kind of it's like the cake pot
pop the coating
it's like tougher chocolate sure yeah I
don't like cake but that is a good way
of kind of putting it's like a Kiki
cookie this is the ultimate deck this
deck it's probably larger than our first
couple apartments just the square
footage of it alone
I think Penelope's about to take a nap
hello can you see me it looks like
you're the lady of the woods
your reflection other yeah we have a
picture in our family room well I guess
it's not up right now I've Noah sitting
in this rocking chair last night Jesus
Sam's being a really fun on call right
now playing with all these kids have you
had a fun day yes or no that face oh
gosh
um I've had a good day pretty relaxing
cuz it was just kind of cloudy and
stormy all day I actually took a little
nap on the couch excuse you little
burper and yeah we were supposed to over
boy its resting for some it's resting
for her you've been hanging out mommy oh
thank you no it's just been sharing all
the balls Noah is using a squirt gun for
the first time he's kind of loving it
and we were heading from no don't don't
shoot me don't you easily I guess I
deserve cuz I got him we were heading
from gennaker right now
who are we hiding from hi
from who mama yeah from mama hey what's
up with this hat
Mabel wore that when she was a baby
grand Mabel wore this and she was baby
this hat and grandma Mabel made this
blanket
she's lemon so how was it her Mabel was
born in 1910 for bed minded the baby for
bed you tired you know without it so
often the trip good job cleaning up I
love being in the country but since
we're in the country that times are very
dark and it's kind of spooky because you
know that there's like things in the
woods gonna be like animals like beer
and stuff
like wait for them to flower actually it
was a wet night so I don't know if they
will oh yeah look at there's none
usually this is covered in what's with
the lights from China that's changing
the light on they all fly over here and
it's like a little insect museum is and
then take me Jenny
well there's one time oh there's not
much that started question for the day
where did the insects and bugs go when
it rains comes a lot of the rain it's
heavy enough it could like kill all my
hurt up so there's good side or do they
die I need a Google this cuz I'm just
think about it's always kind of peaceful
when it's raining outside on this deck
because all the insects is in yeah the
most part they're not like hiking over
there you know it's like bugs I wonder
whether it's good it's good question no
no also today are fascinating I've been
watching women's gymnastics for the
Olympics I'm very excited for you I'm
very excited that's my favorite event
and I give her into it I miss Larock gym
tonight
auberge there's a new gymnastics it's
called aerobic gymnastics I know I would
be really good at it aerobic gymnastics
I'm not sure of its way I'm pretty sure
to me the Olympics I'm not really sure
though anyways I'm watching a lot of
that because it's my favorite event
I get really invested in the girls from
Matt's exam boys gymnastics and four
years ago I was we were watching in a
library we work at the library that
summer watching the old books together
and it was very fun and I just it's the
first summer I could like watch
everything you know because for years
before that I didn't I don't know why so
I get to know like the teammates I
Instagram em all and see who they are
and so it's fun to watch their journey
I've been watching like the trials and
stuff we've also been drinking a lot of
cell sir juice so so cheese salsa soda
juice soda do so that if you guys want
to try to kick ass bad soda habit drink
sulfur water because it's just
carbonated water
with your favorite juice and it's less
sugar and still fun because I mean I
don't I like soda because it's fizzy
really so this is awesome because it's
lecture maybe that's fun fact number two
fun fact we like to smack later right
what's your mouth cookie
giorgos chocolate chip oatmeal cookie
fun fact number three
iris Olive has her first swim meet
tomorrow so we're really fair for that
um fun fact number four I don't think no
one know would do well at it
five ever so meet no fun fact number six
five I just Oh number five
Darby the oldest class girl people keep
asking where she is she performed
tonight she was at a theater art
something who's at a theater camp at BYU
in Provo she'll be back
yes sunday sunday so we'll forget to
visit with her for like two days and
then she's off to another summer camp
tomorrow is July 2nd taste the
Gillette's July just kind of crazy July
2nd and um I have not destroyed us
recently good yes it is it's July 2nd I
celebrate like festivities that day so
tomorrow I think we're gonna do good to
look a little something I'm at leisure
hmm um what are your birthday I'm we
have a fun vacation fun vacation what's
they have something you want right here
bargain um for my toddler to not be me
that day by me I mean terrible twos
Tantrums are you all free with uh hug
and kiss from my all my babies
I don't want anything where everything
because we just went on a fun month-long
vacation I love your statue
I want donut that's my birthday yes
we're gonna end the vlog here guys I'll
see you tomorrow bye
