oh you're the prettiest face sometimes
when the kids are upset those days you
can do to make them happy is that real
put diapers on their eggs it's already
happening
hey good morning creepy the good mama
nikka mama hi good morning
our sisters getting a grand oh no no not
grand piano I just a piano to tell you
the story of the piano
look at me - Keith I feel right inside
of still your thundering - but it's so
nice - no really no well she's been
acting like a big sister she said okay
no you can come into garden here comes
you guys oh wow look at that which brown
color click a giant brownie whoa cool
you're not crazy so that pulls it up
must be a little heavy come there
they're like will the hollow is there
gasps oh goodness
nothing like willing to piano up some
grass look guys she's getting a little
chunkier still not as chunky as your
brother though good that you'll be thank
you okay I'm cookie but you just won't
go back to midnight
you want those hiccups don't you
hey Christy laughs herewith I know
they're my family
and today's yarn bomb is especially your
mom just for Noah Noah
what is this what is this yeah this ball
Tony Armando meet Sophia
who needs cooking with Jeff when you
have cooking with Sam and two words
what's the first one that comes to mind
ready 1 2 3
spicy okay who's that I tell jokes aside
I like the good recipe but often when I
could something really nice I'm left
with leftovers and I usually don't know
what to do with them last night for
dinner we had chicken it's a barbecue
sauce we do it in the car pop it cooked
it's delicious now we have some leftover
I'm like I don't have the same meal I'm
gonna spice it up peppers
hey the peppers we are working with
today is from Mazetti these are peppers
that I eat all the time
I generally eat these sweet peppers and
into those two here and these banana
peppers on my sandwiches those are
usually my go-to by the way shout-out to
Mozilla for having sponsored today's
video but today we are also adding the
peperoncinis are you saying and they
were know how to say it and then also
the jalapenos which actually which are
the whole thing is I think I would like
them more than a banana peppers but I
just think banana peppers or followed
sandwiches
that's your go-to I think that's your
family's good - yep Mazetti this is my
go-to honey I love but I think the rice
with bell peppers so today we're gonna
make two types of sandwiches we have the
leftovers
super simple bread lovely roasted bell
pepper strips you can go for
you get like the full version as well
and then we're going to go with banana
for Jeff
sous-chef fork please well my sous-chef
is getting me a fork as you know until
you get about that about the drawer you
can get these at any grocery store they
have different kind of peppers pickled
vegetables I also like the German era
mix because I'm like a Chicago boy wait
for the hot Italian beef I can put out a
hot box before sous chef fork please
so I'm just gonna take some of our
leftover chicken make a nice little
sandwich here how's that like sous-chef
a little bit more you have white pieces
of bread showing oh that's really
bothering you isn't it I'm gonna leave
like I'm gonna get unbalanced just for
you Oh
sous chef would you please take some
testers out and apply them to the
sandwich sous chef I expect you to be a
lot cleaner and your approach please
sous chef
these are so good though honestly you
can like eat them playing straight up
what I feel like I don't know try one I
have the cameras currently eating them
whoa okay so I'm one of them we're going
to put just the sweet ones and then on
this one I'm actually gonna put like
look that's good I'm gonna put like a
little bit of everything
thanks to this is just gonna get heavy
mmm its power pinions as well I'm
applying the cheese
sous-chef number three is suggesting
that we should have put butter which is
definitely we should have have had but
you know it's all great the flavor so to
me right no matter what eat we'll laugh
often love Mazetti get inspired at
mozilla.com okay our savings are
basically ready the cheese is melting
it's really hot
come taste one for a second bite gonna
be a good way to get that go ahead and
click on the link in the description
there's a link there to machetes bold
bright summer giveaways are giving away
a giant grill a whole set of things that
you need to have a party this summer
there's coolers cutting boards towels
beach balls all sorts of things they're
giving away a giant grill there's also
like smaller tiers of grills everything
looks great all you have to do is click
on the link you can enter to win and
hopefully someone in the family wins
because that would be amazing
there's not really much left who ate it
all sous chef all right lookin like but
I know when you've done it I'll respond
to comments that have a safe distance
away
so today we were out in the garden the
beautiful much farther down there yeah
and we heard inside of the AC unit turns
out there's a dead little mouse anyway I
like got a smell and I was like I think
it's a faint aroma it kristie good it's
done by what I put gloves on if I were
you babe because the body pieces are all
over in there
I don't know cute little people you cute
people you know I don't I take the deal
and I felt like you're still alive oh
these summer legs no let me see your
Ali's you have so many summer Ally's
look at all these bumps and cuts bruised
what was your other foot 3 2
one mouse trap
Jeremy's tell daddy scare you know I
scared him for you
I'll let scare you - mommy's ice cream -
could you I screw but to jump out of
other more mice
I was the most intense game of mousetrap
I've ever played yes brother award goes
to fan I all I can smell is rat right
now and Jen I could wash my hands since
I'm gonna treat you to control a okay
the worst part about that wasn't
necessarily even touching the rat slash
mats where there was but the smell we
are me baseball is that a baseball field
you're gonna go run around yeah the real
purpose of this trip
Oh as he runs for second base you might
slide you might say I do you might side
nope easy the real purpose of this tip
is to yarn bomb the baseball field but
this baseball yarn bomb up what a
creation I love how he runs on the
baseball field there you go see I have
to say I think this is some of your
finer work No yeah let's go maybe it's
just more of my interest and I lost the
Hamilton lottery oh now he's the catcher
how is a catcher again dealing with the
mouse slash rat
is all worth it Oh
sometimes when the kids are upset only
thing you can do to make them happy is
their room put diapers on their eggs
this is as soon as Noah turned to on his
birthday I kid you not
Jenna and I looked at each other and we
said really like already the terrible
twos it's already happening it's already
happening
no where's your diaper head
and two people said this purple well
blue is purple yeah they're blue but it
almost look a little something now they
look really blue in this light but
sometimes they look kind of purple
hey you surround them whenever you look
at me look at me look at me wait he's
you look at that day whenever you look
at me you smile - smile all right she is
no happy oh if you smile at her she will
most likely you start inducing I learnt
that you're smiling she just goes like
crazy like out-of-body moment she's like
oh my give you a kiss oh oh
have another one
Thank You kitty Oh monkeys bed day I
like your kisses my cute oh you are the
prettiest face coming you crazy eyes
right now just so easy because she's so
chilling stuff mm-hm
then she said if she was your only child
you be worried something was wrong with
her cuz she is like very chill right hi
buggy she smiles so much she's the
happiest happiest happiest right when
she wakes up in the first person she
sees she's just like oh you love me you
came in picked me up out of my bed huh
hi Daddy
okay time for bed though yeah a new song
done right here from this angle she kind
of looks like my siblings a little bit
just Romano and what he's doing
Wow looks like book time was a
short-lived
it's time for bed I've had a lot of fun
today gonna have a lot of fun tomorrow I
posted a photo on Instagram I said that
my sister's house is like the perfect
place or house for someone that's trying
to become Instagram famous because every
single room in this house is beautiful
and amazing easy to
photograph and I guess walk with two so
there's the new piano
time for bed say good night love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow bass
