and now what do we do sleep and who's in
a coma whereas we
today is my favorite day of the year
we just went to an Arab Church and the
funniest is like the kids that like see
you when I was wearing this you're not
they're like oh really
I think we noticed just like acting like
a distraction
I think you've happy were a little bit
it was all good at our long church that
went a half hour over whoa
all I could swear you go but look at how
cool this guy looks as my best part is
the sound the best part is that the
swishy sound this is not that nice no
don't target it's so like just swishy
like Ryan attracts you I just love it so
much I was so happy he actually wore
this to church how cool is my husband
I don't think maybe my hens wear this to
church I texted the famous football guys
to make sure me as like wait am I in the
toilet bowl did I lose the bet Church it
was lovely beautiful service and now we
are going to spend time with my family
it's just really fun also the kids have
designated wrapping paper this year that
say about them Christmas Turtles and
Christmas Peppa yeah you know you're not
supposed to be in here coz there's
top-secret stuff in here I'm 16 weeks
perfect tomorrow and I was looking about
20 30 I - Wow Wow okay I'm looking
pretty pregnant in this dress do you
think so crazy so happening guys
happening do you wanna build a snowman
are you pooping in there I wonder where
PJ was
ah there she is hey hey what are you
doing in there what are you doing why
are you hiding
oh okay alright see you later bye
what up everyone okay I'll show you how
in tune genic is pregnant it's really
good chili cheese sauce she made some
good she's pregnant she's allowed I know
okay it's for everyone but chips are not
the spoon well I know I just got to get
a little bit just funny
hey I'm Safi but it just just chilling
cheese is just seeing the dance you did
earlier now okay we it's been a while me
Mom and hey they've been bacon away I
just made an egg casserole that will be
cooked in the morning
who looks real good I've never made a
casserole sofa tastes gross people can
get cereal and then mom made her awesome
jello raspberry jello mom made pumpkin
pies Hayley made homemade crust they
smell and look whether the mind it for
Thanksgiving asking her there's another
one cooking event
oh yeah mom made her apple dumplings for
the morning as well
and then we're gonna have dinner and so
then we'll have dinner and the Christmas
Eve program everybody have a routine for
the Christmas Eve program ready Noah
singing jingle bells nothing scared me
Sam's part oh I've got like cooking
stuff all over me
Sam's tried to program it to me the best
part and we are kicking them even up
with my family
well me and Andrew are keeping the
tradition alive
and Rachel okay my family tradition our
family
we watched Stan in real life because
that's our favorite holiday making even
though it's a holiday right no they do
like a Christmas program and stuff too
so it's really fun we watch it for every
holiday work together whether it's
Thanksgiving or Christmas whatever it is
that year we watched an in real life
yeah it's our favor a family fave one of
my favorite parts that's a great one
enough from the holiday it's a really
good movie that I can't wash everyone's
skin just since before dad leaves even
Noah no you're fine of course Carol Lee
you know what you are
yep
come run Sam cuz we're cold we exchange
gifts I have one for his wife I'm sorry
out the door oh there's somebody means
country like that now wrap around your
toes without your head through the hole
there
that's a good color okay I might have pj
and open open the ones you got them
because they really watch out for them
just one one just a big one okay go get
the big one Noah
- where's rakers what'd you say
Wow
you got
love you PJ's already gettin started on
her coloring here
she loves color and you guys take
absolute pretty what are you a SWAT guy
oh my goodness
though there's some fun costumes dude
those are awesome I love that they're
just just a vest that's right that's
nice look at me oh you're so cute
welcome everyone thank you thank you for
coming to thank you for coming to our
house and traveling really far we really
appreciate you coming
we love having everyone here Sam's gonna
start the night off with some games
the winner gets a $25 gift card to
target top 10 in touch I guess my solid
I said I first said 130 and then I said
78 - 33 I was that one learning so
manner up to $25 Target gift card please
please the answer was 180
good job mom your game everyone has a
plate and a pen yes and we are going to
draw something on the plate you have to
put the plate on your head okay and
you're gonna be strong on top of your
head holy crap
the person that has the best drawing is
going to win let's see what's in my
pocket
okay here we go okay draw a line for the
floor draw a line a line for a floor
okay okay everyone feel good draw a
Christmas tree an ad ad Christmas or
decorations if you feel so inclined okay
I'm gonna be judging which one I like
the most I'm gonna give you ten more
seconds okay now draw a star on top of
your tree good that's great that's great
that's great okay now draw a fireplace
with a mantel next to the tree
dang it I got this from Pinterest okay a
stocking hanging from the mantle of your
fireplace draw a present below the tree
Nathan you're thinking ahead
yeah good job Noah let me see I really
like this one too oh yeah abjectly these
are good oh my goodness my favorite is
this one yeah
Edge's it's really good it's like this
this one's yours oh good I like this one
cause it's like somehow 3d the winner of
this game will receive everyone close
your eyes and rip with your eyes closed
a Christmas tree take into account
colors I'm just kidding all right let's
see very nice do you guys think is the
true winner
I think we have a tiger so let's do put
the coin
David caught in the air oh boy tails
do you about I stand up ready
- gene through the snow in a one-horse
open sleigh
we're gonna play this game but you have
to agree to me that we're not gonna
fight nothing's huge inside of this
prizes there might be more gift I would
say oh don't start it maybe I don't know
there might be a brick and mortar all
right so what this is how you play we're
all gonna go around the table over there
Oh should we just do everything through
the table yeah let's go over the table
will cleared up we mean a lot the
person's gonna start backing this with
other measures what open it up so you
cannot tear it if you tear it we're
passing into the next person the person
in front of you is rolling the dice once
you get doubles the person next to you
then has to pass you the ball and the
evidence and another person tries to get
double so they get it if you never even
know what that verse is gonna get
presents right so you want doubles to
get it to you and here we go
Oh
let's just cut the thing so it's not
like I knew this would be a good game
what if I told you there's Bitcoin in
there
that's a good one Ferengi to get
yeah
come on come on come on
a smash
when I was like trying to get them to I
got the mother he's just about checking
in with Santa that ticket to Argentina I
thought oh nothing Christmas Jimmy
and yeah you wanna hang it there or what
about right here this seems like an
awesome place that's how we gonna put
your stocking do you think you'll see it
there I think if you how do you put it
on the chair he'll really see it you
want to make sure you sees it when he
comes in like right there just put it I
would put it like this ready well he'll
probably put it in the chair put it put
it like this like this like that perfect
hey you put it how you want it just
doing it one more
put a cookie in the ball okay you want
to pour it in okay well be very very
careful
good job okay that's good right there
good job okay let's go put this on the
table so he can get it when he comes so
what's going on tonight okay do you like
Christmas Eve and Grandma yeah all right
everyone come here
like my
