you
hi birthday boy are you two today
is it your birthday you want go see all
your fun stuff downstairs happy break
100 Bieber today I'm right here Oh baby
what do you see that what is that
Stuart so he's that is it a balloon is
the big star to Luna is that awesome
you don't pick them up yeah look at that
guy yeah that's what's up Oh started
already
stars might not last all day look at
this what's uh come on open this box
join a doughnut for breakfast Oh
doughnuts for everybody
choose hey let's see let's see Noah ha
ha ha I'm Storch what you need to put on
Oh
kylo Ren whoa oh my I need to do the lab
or the mouth sounds with some ah here
Papa put on BB uh oh so cute yeah and
then you bb-8 Storch tobacco ash with
your hair go over the year no eyes mom
Storch sit down come sit down sit down
come open up the present come with me
now and sit down
they're scary piloting here your horse
first present of your birthday storage
man can you help a trip but really hard
for two heart yeah oh yeah sure just
wine your pilot
yeah that's really his hands are so
sticky
Oh George gonna put that on yeah and uh
daddy gosh hey sweet shirt or what did I
die
we're unveiling some of the shirts and
that's what makes it cool oh I think end
up dying there but uh it's so cool I'm
sorry I think I'm an amateur I think
looks awesome suicide ire no there's no
us I am am I I die your speeches Oh
Britt II I like it I like that one a
locket one don't open that one
this is no beast here and that was your
own design I like that one that's really
cool drum oh please what's cool - Wow
I like that that turned out three that's
mine right there having blue cupcakes
advice helping to make them huh
and the children are currently jumping
on the trampoline as Star Wars people
it's break you hey what you guys doing
Wow if this cake mix yeah even though my
doing amazing we're in this series at
the store Lindsay this blue cake mix is
just at the store yeah it's um quite
mature you little thing so cool Duncan
Hines blue velvet there's no love having
blue cake it's awesome you guys are the
best we're doing this okay time to open
up another present spreading out
throughout the day
bring out the joy misery no Bernie
Sanders chair oh whoa take it out all
right let me go up and I'm gonna go up
in them oh now we're gonna do some
coloring and there's some storage heads
right here Wow granny is getting very
detailed really left
Tyler let's see yours whoa love love
that there's no this first one that I'm
now making in color right you look so
good here's why she's making a rainbow
filter book here's my rock ray looks
like a quick look at these cupcakes see
that my sister and violet and Jenica
worked on
here's Noah at the dark Vador in storage
to candles we also have all these other
Star Wars figures
oh wow
granny what is this whoa
Grammy wallah do you want pizza
can you say pizza hey hey no pizza with
the piece yeah beat that so we have some
New York style pizza and I'm pretty
excited in that and the first salad from
us pop how's the pizza yeah looks like
you're in jail hey best birthday ever so
far no no no let's first open it
what is it oh yeah yeah oh yeah back
artoo r2d2 Jimmy's well there's a cure
we can't use who is playing baseball Oh
minimus
George playing baseball personalized
card very nice more storage shirts
before the cheaper
most books busy thank you to your cousin
Thanks
okay you gotta open there thank those
shoes
pull them out oh what's on there is that
baseball you want to put them on put
some soft on first hey baby
guard is one from Grandma yeah one that
seals Oh celebrate whoa let's go into
the Cubs game tonight huh for dinner
all right you get your own little
kitchen oh so nice oh really sorry miss
okay your house I'm sorry return oh no I
found something wait no what'd you find
what is it Darth Vader is it does Vader
yeah is that a pinata should we break it
yeah
hahahaha go again go again grandma hit
that corner bottom
we're happy again
Bobby every birthday did you get a
storage cupcake dude that's your
birthday cake right there cuz last year
you didn't like your cake are you
singing happy birthday to yourself oh
boy I see a stormtrooper
so creepy and sound creepy somebody yeah
so funny
love ya love you and now we're off to
the Cubs game and then a night one more
night in the city and then off to
Chicago or New York tomorrow
whoa this chip is just flying by God for
two weeks I know we're on to our last
estimate destination who knows what's
not right - yes
we have no return plans we should
Charlotte probably try to figure that
out really soon see I love trips so much
I just wish I could like fold up my bed
and like put it in my pocket and bring
it with me cuz I love my bed it was
really such a good time with our family
no one loved me with his cousins
although today was the day he decided to
be at
and it's tough when your kid celebrates
their first second birthday you just
over plan it you just find so many
activities when really at that age they
just want to have fun and just play with
books right you know great it's not
until it's like the third or fourth one
that they even are fully aware what's
happening what's happening so it's been
such a fun day though it really has 1g
innate and all the kids helped out so
much
we still we're still going no excedrin
Annie he just wanted to get my car he
did not want to go back to the house I
was like we're gonna go ahead no are we
going right now baby
baseball game you excited okay he's
really ready does it know cuz I guess
now we've said that to him a couple
times and then when he went out for a
nap I was like when you wake up we're
gonna go to the baseball game he's been
excited ever since and I need to put on
some like deodorant and maybe some
make up Oh what hey there's the flags is
there a bike on the bit is there
baseball in the back yeah
oh my goodness can you believe that yeah
that is incredible all right there's our
sign it's my birthday I'm to go Cubs
hopefully they let us bring it in you
know what we made it are you in your
seat this summer seats are the other
night we're sitting right here the
dugout is right over there
you're just on the edge of it we're
watching batting practice right now we
have
end up taking it all in
Oh
look at this kid he's got baseball kicks
on he's just taken in batting practice
with everyone else
good job Joe
Oh
3:11
Oh
but they just ran us
wait what's your name grace grace and
John from Cincinnati they watch the dogs
their husbands
alright time to head back to the hotel
we're going to New York tomorrow wait
not the stairs not the stairs
the sign of a good time let's get these
babies to sleep good night our two year
old feel like just yesterday we were
like comater one year old we feel
incredibly blessed to have Noah in our
lives he has taught us so much he has
brought so much laughter and joy and
just so many different feelings and I
feed one word to describe Noah what
would it be cool dude is the best
personality personality that's the word
personality he really does tonight at
the game by the end of the game
everyone loved no one there was red fans
there were people that wanted to take
pictures of him Jen it was weird
I was like what is going on yeah because
they just thought he was the cutest of a
Cubs fan in the world and he just
wherever he goes he just his personality
shines and he's just the cutest kid ever
sorry someone come to the door had a
sheet for the pic and play anyways it's
amazing how many people were into him by
the end of the night it's just his
little personality and his charm and
he's just the coolest little cutest dude
in the world and ah shoot what happened
Jen left her pajamas and she goes I'll
go get it
I'll go get it that's okay so this time
the Cubs game was a little bit harder on
us I feel like last time when we went it
was almost like a dream scenario for the
most part except for Jenna having to be
supermom but tonight Penelope just
wasn't a big fan luckily they had
parents
that's true but what did they had there
at a nursing room like a mother's room
Oh lounge because someone had told me
that like the owner or someone's wife
was pregnant and what a place to be able
to understand baby when she came to the
games so they made that room just for
what for all of us wow it's amazing
he made some friends there beautiful ran
into a subscriber right yes I did have
it was so nice to meet you you're so
sweet even a little baby Rosa Rosa Lee
Oh little groan noise oh she had two
kids are there well she'll have one by
the end she had two she has a
two-year-old named Charlotte and then
Rosalie so when you first go in thank
you like I was returning while you go in
and sit down and I bring you a couple of
ice water while you nursery baby AC and
the TV with the game on there's just
like five rocking chairs in there and
comfy rocking chairs and outside of that
room there's like a waiting lounge with
five more rocking chairs that people
could sit yeah just take hang out well
and it was it was almost 100 degrees
when we got to the game it was like 95
94 degrees so I was like Jenna you
should take Penelope up and just kind of
find AC and rest so she went did that
and Noah I was keeping them cool we had
like iseas water
Powerade but we were just now received a
little bit too early and so by about the
fourth inning he was kind of like I need
a break
where's mom let's find her so we ran
around the complex for a while he wanted
to play basketball because there was
like a basketball game he wanted to say
hi to everyone he wanted a bounces
baseball he just wanted to say hello to
the crowd so we did that for a while and
then we went back and sat down for a
couple innings and we're probably in the
seats for about six seven innings total
plus a little bit of batting practice
there's a lot of fun though no I really
enjoyed it at the end there are tons of
Cubs fans and how he's just like and how
we need to end the flock what a great
day today was a great birthday for Noah
so proud of this kid I'm so grateful for
him he's just the coolest little guy
ever and this little person Iran okay I
just can't get it up anyways you see you
guys tomorrow
to place
Papa's dad I need to be me
