gonna be a double date I did oh my gosh
I feel like I'm getting married but look
at me I got no bro but wow Mike might be
more exciting than Irv whether I know
good morning
I'm with the wedding boy and he is a
very selfless person he's like putting
me first when his wedding is tomorrow
you're my bro
yeah we're bros man remember the tent
anyways we're picking up my suit right
now y'all ready asses out there might be
a kick of the plan it looks like it's
not open yet until 10:00 yeah so when I
have to wait for minutes I have to wait
a couple minutes just dropped off our
rental car to get a different one today
I already ever rented cuz I wanted to
downgrade in a smaller car better deal
working on better pizza Papa blessing I
snuck out while everyone was asleep
luckily I think everyone slept well
there's a crazy storm last night the guy
enterprise said he thought maybe there's
a tornado but was there trying to know
there's a tornado warning but my house
he's like I think I heard the sirens I
was like two guys past that yeah anyways
it's gonna be a great day it's a
beautiful day here in Cincinnati well
the sky isn't that nice but I'm happy to
be here so it feels like a beautiful day
to me openly pointing that
baseball is that a baseball boat oh my
goodness
no and I are out here chilling while mom
gets ready for the date hello hey how'd
you sleep great yeah
apparently there's a huge start man
meets up completely through it probably
because we're so tired
yeah guys
yeah he doesn't really like hotel and
the bird in the hotel kind of scares him
to go we're having a nice little lunch
at the gruff where'd you get Jen turkey
single inch I got a fried chicken
sandwich which looks phenomenal oh oh oh
kids take a nap this is how you
multitask you eat any baby sleeps that's
really good I do too over there yes I
really like that fried chicken
thankfully homemade chips that it's
probably the best grilled cheese I have
ever eaten in my life I took a bite
couple a couple bites okay Ally and
Melissa just got into town they drove
all the way to Florida
our driver something crazy like that
but the kids baseball bat baseball you
found it I know he found this morning
he's like mom baseball the kids in Samba
a good little nap Jim good nap yeah good
Sam not and now we are gonna go meet up
with Ali and Melissa for a little bit
they're like right by our hotel where we
ate lunch today as well too so it's kind
of funny whoa you tripped you okay oh
you think it's fun and it can't get up
mo think your head I need help with them
and maybe walk around I don't really
know what we'll do
so let's go okay let's go ready yeah
yeah
haven't seen them for a year like a full
year like it's been the year when
there's he doesn't like Jam ppj and
jelly
make it work
if you think shy amusing hiding the
girls
we danced a warm-up in your head she got
her stop crying okay okay no are you
saying by now now you have courage come
on we're gonna go see grandma and Papa
ain't no Grammy and pepper here know
what's going on tonight is their game
their game tonight yes where is it
America you saying babe baseball okay we
are Babyliss and kindless right now it's
kind of crazy saving us there - like
never happens
never this is the second time actually
full babyliss full babyliss yes so we're
on our way to the rehearsal dinner we
thought of you just be best if we just
leave them with some friends they really
came to help us and we're so grateful so
we're on our way there we're gonna do
the rehearsal and then the dinners right
after so it should if I night and we're
excited
pretty cutie I'm gonna very handsome
bait look at this guy he likes thank you
man
practicing right now there's Jen I said
I have to be lined up with Jenny we must
be walking down together but also to be
kind of weird the wedding boy and witty
good it's beautiful view over here this
hockey it was actually a Reds game wait
Marshall let me fear dude let me get up
you're gonna show me your earpiece oh
yeah you know bribery we're currently
rehearsing
kind of funny kaitlin's
gorgeous sister Marshalls getting ready
to go down the aisle I'm actually
recording are you really yeah I keep
reading you guys are the camera masters
guys would you look at this cake is the
YouTube cake with Tyler and Haley I
think tellers mom Jen who made this cake
now we made this cake what about the
fondant
that's all I like saying I just like
saying
I'm gonna guess okay ten seconds a
lasagne be meatballs see meatballs
Oh meatballs
we do but not as much as that guy over
there he really loves meatballs now
yours was my thing was something I was
hanging a member samar Seger's makers
make you're smart by the way there's a
tellers grandma she's very cool I'm just
gonna sneak her out to the blog my
probably my favorite person I've met so
far while I'm in Cincinnati I've seen
him since look it she's hopping right
into that grandma memo wave to the vlog
grandma say hi to the blog see guys I'm
not kidding she's describing the view is
insane she seriously is the best
everyone here is nice everyone's amazing
oh goodness here's what yours is not
whiskey I was hoping
when we get back I'm taking Tyler oh yes
I feel like I'm getting my dream work
saying the nerve beautiful nice exciting
three two and when you said about like
crying and stuff
100% chance look how beautiful this city
looks right now though and there's
fireflies there's one right there
light up Firefly I call mining bucks
what do you guys call Firefly Firefly
just kidding oh oh I just oh let's see
some people have never seen them before
I'm going to zoom in oh can you see him
can see him do you see him there they
are
nope there's Ralph and Leo with Jen
Jenna's going to try and catch one oh we
got one
some people have never seen these in
their life
okay let's wait for it to go that
they're really ugly yeah oh oh there is
I'm following him alright
I won't I won't say what I used to do
with lightning bugs what you've been
thrown on the ground and watched knows
they're kind of cool yeah well I
wouldn't do that
not that far but uh Wow
beautiful night we've felt so welcomed
by Tyler and Haley's family they're all
so nice that southern hospitality the
city looks absolutely gorgeous right now
so I got the baseball game going on
right here there's where the Bengals
play and tomorrow I'll probably be
mature over here not like when
everyone's outside but during the
reception I might fly around and get
some footage and I think I'm gonna get
some by the river as well because it's
beautiful out here
oh yeah another one oh there they kind
of smell funny too I pictured a lot
cuter but they're really not cute at all
no it's not is it to me I don't know
okay now you can really see the
fireflies lightning bugs
they're pretty cool Wow they're
internationally just got in trouble from
police as it sounded above these dancing
dance I've been waiting for this day I
just wait till Tyler sees me oh my gosh
you guys just practice that how do you
feel going into tomorrow night yeah so
we don't know who the three judges will
be yet but hopefully they're forgiving
because from what I just saw
I'm skinny as beautiful Jenna's probably
the last person to really should look it
well this is kind of awkward cuz that's
my bread yeah this words this hey just
do that to each other to each other yes
lean into each other you will see Jen's
was really excited to party I would be
surprised if Jen runs in for the first
dance
how do we have real advice now coming in
he frame it she obviously had some
experience with this yeah I've been
married but here we gonna put a bet bets
it fit a David it bet is that in a bad
debt a debt is a dead
this is Greg as behind the scenes
there we go them dip me you got a Dipper
yeah I'm not gonna be on the reddit
cringe page oh I love both my friends
who my friends get married he's got here
you think you
they're excited I think Mark said then
Tyler is excited tent city is really
cool
anyway we're ending the night it was
such a fun I had a great time
I loved seeing all of those people great
people great friends better better pizza
Papa John's Papa bus but with the house
ok bosz and that's great taste so we'll
see you guys tomorrow for the
where's baseball right there it's not a
mirror you see the bridge
