oh boy no say ah the wedding boy yes the
wedding boy Blenheim
there's a sick shirt I mean to Haley
Roxton early weird dear in Cold Spring
Break I'm in Cold Spring controlled
spring Kentucky I'm in Kentucky all
hello good afternoon yeah nothing info
ah I'm just looking on line we don't
have Hamilton tickets but we're gonna be
New York and I'm gonna do everything in
my power to win the lottery I don't you
man that we just read I saw to remember
that lin-manuel is done after July night
and I just want to see him but what if
we want to get to a show and it wasn't
even him in it that would probably
happen we'd be it so excited really
really an amazing show I've never been
to a Broadway show nothing like oh no
did you hear the baby I open up the
fridge and I goes baby maybe relate
green I didn't hear the baby sure enough
it was the baby yeah Jenna mommy's
getting the baby right now
so growing up summer meant grilling
because it is freezing cold here in
Chicago and so in the winter you don't
really do that except we did grill one
time for Christmas and it was kind of
nuts we grilled steaks and I don't
there's a reason why we never did that
yet
anyways during the summer my mom usually
has what she calls cafe Lisa that's when
we all sit on the front porch and eat on
the front porch people drive by were out
there we usually grill it's great it's a
little too hot to eat outside today but
I wanted to grill up some fun chicken
for lunch
hi are you hungry for lunch so today is
actually sponsored by Perdue and I
wanted to cook up some of their
all-natural chicken now I've had the
chicken breasts I've had the popcorn
chicken I've had the chicken strips but
I found something super interesting at
the store which I did not know existed
that they actually make and this is
perfect for me and you Jen because we
like to marinate our chicken to do my
parents usually just like to do
seasoning on theirs I like to go the
more marinated mmm
yep so I actually found these this is a
sweet and spicy fresh chicken breasts
and they're individually packaged like
that's always the hardest part because
you don't want to marinate so much
chicken right this is awesome because
they're individually
and then we also have the Italian style
which is what we usually kind of cook up
we like the Italian style chicken so for
lunch we're actually gonna grill some
chicken and also have some asparagus on
the grill should be delicious chicken I
mean you might like it so awesome I
honestly didn't know this
individually-wrapped thing existed but
it's incredible
on the grill Wow and there's no messy
bowls to clean up that have raw chicken
all over them that's my hair thinks I
hate touching raw meat oh yeah oh yeah
good not easier all right fresh off the
grill it looks pretty good it looks
pretty juicy and delicious this is the
Italian seasoning this is the sweet and
spicy I'm gonna try both of them real
quick and let you guys know which one I
like I want you right sweet it spicy
you're supposed to act like master chef
and smell which would make more I'm
actually really yeah cuz it is sweet and
spicy
there's the best of both worlds oh very
that's a 2 you're more of an Italian
girl it's in your blood
Oh another bite spicy OH
which one do you like more hmm they're
kind of even like I think they're both
really good yeah they're both delicious
it's hard to say which one I like better
right now off to eat the whole thing
I do love it though for how convenient
and easy that was because the marinating
and just having everything ready usually
takes me much longer so this will be
perfect this summer I'm gonna put a link
in the description for you guys to go
check out if you want to there's any
coupons there for Purdue chicken there's
also going to be some summertime success
recipes that you can look at meal plans
I
Diaz whatever you need for July 4th and
the upcoming holiday and just for this
summer because it is time to grill hi
yellow strawberry
I guess sit down and eat so go ahead and
check that out also let me know what
your favorite fourth of July recipe is
because I'm going to be with my sister
for the 4th and be fun for me to
contribute to to that whole party and
thing cuz she probably thinks I can't
cook scary
Hey No all right I think a guy everyone
in the car so where's your mom okay see
you tomorrow
best best week ever so good here you
take this camera
for a little while
driving up to Kentucky it's raining it's
cool driving in the rain
one holiness all semi-trucks latest slow
all green kids
Oh
week
the way
for the past hour maybe he was very
creaky very creaky this morning
maybe you
Wow
next you see ya crazy take it what's
like little class
Fon Noah no I'm saying baseball is
exterior the cuffs on
all windmills right here it's so cool
no we have a surprise for you okay it's
from Ian wanna see no look
ready ready you ready ready
what is it face of it what else look at
the front what's on their storage raises
ball Wow
like dunno wear it either way
thank you guys thank you I think he
likes it little pit stop the thief and
they'll be just kind of stretch our legs
we're about an hour out like Jen said
and we just found Snow White and the
Seven dorm suite yeah I think they're
all here all seven you saying hi to this
is kind of weird I feel like the trees
are so much bigger here in green we're
not in the same friendly seat I feel
like I'm in the walking dead and
everything's overgrown look at this
building trees are growing out of it
it's crazy there's so much that did not
picture Ohio / Kentucky this green for
some reason wow this is cool it does
seem kind of deserted right now though
kind of like like it's almost Russia all
right after I show weird even going the
really cool bridge right yeah looking oh
look at this cool bridge oh yeah there's
the ballpark
Wow no one look at this bridge this is
sweet
this we made it to Cincinnati
we made a dino one hey we got sweet
that's the probably sharing my parents
are actually coming up to the wedding
they'll be here tomorrow
yes so we're gonna share in the room and
we thought it'd be best since there's so
many of us have guest suites that way if
we're not right here to buy then we can
just put the kids to bed have them sleep
and then we can sneak it and you know to
me it just makes it easier to not be in
the same room nice look at look at what
Haley and Tyler got us it's adorable
it's just focused oh let's open it
should we open it yeah Cincinnati a
visitors brochure sweet a map of sin see
what's inside Noah are these are their
favorite snacks some match a match box
free dose plays a cookie some mints
oh and that eat chili Oh someone's going
Devin right into the cookie I'm actually
really excited to try Cincinnati chili
they have the three-way or four-way
chili whatever it is post in the
comments which is the best place to keep
that at where should we go for that some
of you are from Cincinnati so we need to
know we might go tonight but if we don't
then you can let us know where we should
go right this you want to try a chili
milkshake
how's the cookie Wow well thank you Joe
and Haley the best part of the room
though and know has already seen this is
the view check this out got the bridge
that we just went over and then there's
the baseball park right there no can you
tell me where the baseball field is
where is it
Yeah right over there no say uh the
wedding boy
yes the wedding boy one of them is a
sick shirt uh I were actually this is
for you
wow you smell good thank you I was
excited to see who's on the other side
I mean to Haley rocks is really weird
deer in Cold Spring I'm in Cold Spring
confuzzled spring Kentucky I'm in
Kentucky y'all we just got our nails
done show your nails
ginger pee here my nails I like I'm so
pretty
I copied Kaitlyn look at this red Oh
Fred
like right here in your little thingy
and we saw in earnest like what's your
little thingy my carrier well the ladies
got their nails done we picked up the
wedding boy
getting some pot-bellied right now it's
our the other guys are staying this
Airbnb it's pretty cool head back to the
hotel chill for a little bit relax feels
like we've been in the car all day but
we're loving food Matty so far you know
what we should do before you guys leave
it'd be fun take a selfie in the
bathroom shower no see yeah yeah pizza
oh very soon these two were Wed so yeah
people stop asking if we're gonna be a
VidCon we're at the real party all right
right here no see 10 like she's never
danced before no are you gonna go to the
party oh yeah
Oh time just leave just said it it must
the blog and you could sleep my sleep
thinks I need to wake up early there's
actually a tornado warning tonight but I
think that's pretty common in Cincinnati
is what people are telling me but kind
of scary hopefully it's calm under over
here and everywhere else my parents get
in tomorrow there's a rehearsal dinner
tomorrow we're getting ready for the
wedding we're just expected are we gonna
cry I might cry a little dinner really
if there's like speeches and toasts and
stuff and people are talking about how
much they love them like hell cry
there's a 50/50 chance here this week
and oh there's like in Navy members it
turns out especially with her walking
down the aisle I will cry yeah it's like
I'll just make it like teary-eyed we're
so excited
yes right here in Cincinnati we love it
so far
have a great week yeah it's rest up nice
sleep of it
