that's thing you were to turn the light
up because we're trying to spy on Aaron
and that Ashley on this porch swing
don't better switch
they didn't I didn't even move all I can
see through the window and you're
staying I was hoping for some juicy make
out you're just they're just talking
he's just laying on her shoulder come on
what what are you laughing at oh oh my
god i didn't know i think we're making
out now oh no he's just lying on her
shoulder still here Sherman up in a few
ever yet don't ever see me
it would be great if you can hang on
that but it's hard this is my third day
having much blowing their release is
making really good bike and this
kid is multitasking 17-minute bog
17-minute block combination of fathers
day ended so elastic so loud oh ok just
whatever oh let's make some guacamole oh
yeah oh boy Harry stop Sam's going ok
stand here is wait wait wait what is it
you see you I think you need to do like
the dance across and lift with your dad
oh the ballet style that we did with
Christy and the girls did Lindsay do too
since you do you too wait who broke the
ornament who broke the ornament oh who
 here without you we were dancing
it's broken on it no you run from this
way I'm thinking with you with you
broken picture whoa oh
I love this little eyes so just just
some muscular oh my gosh you always hit
his head you almost ahead oh my after
you my lady quick mile step cook monster
we've been putting up the same place
anymore my life first appt H&M hmm
uh-huh looks good I like that jacket
I think it's perfect but I don't know if
they're supposed to be a little big or
not everything and hmm is very slim
fitting yeah people in the video might
think it looks a little small look small
in the camera but doesn't look small on
you I thought you were asleep this whole
time you're just doing only about to
pass me chills going into labor again so
she is back later no I just yes you need
to rest we did some damage that hmm I
think we're ready for the wedding now
yeah now we're just making sure ready
for noah's birthday yep I think we found
a new birthday present for Noah faceball
van was his reaction to be for this
oh yeah without a doubt I love all the
new Nintendo band stuff like I want it
all it's kind of bad i think the boxing
is amazing and just like everything
about it are you kidding star trooper oh
ok we have two different versions oh
they have first order and then like
being a tree tameni showed me like a
conservation of it but you know how it
here gonna find it oh my god just shows
you have those stormtroopers in Star
Wars is it seriously I like it let me
see it was really dark wood that's cute
try the dark black
I
I like the way one minute yeah hi hi you
like you guys storch ice pop oh mama
mama got one we're just hanging out
outside eating the ice pops it is so hot
today this has been an angel baby she
was so good at the mall all day long not
all day for loyola flying and she was
once a year dress Sam just left to go
pick up the gang at the airport so that
should be fun day hun Julie erin and
Ashley all came but Julie will be
staying in the city tonight with
something she just pooped I just changed
her diaper too mom seriously it's still
coming out I hear it oh my goodness so
anyway we decided to enjoy some ice pops
get some fresh air even though it
doesn't feel very fresh out here I feel
very fun being hot okay I feel like I
need to make some frozen breast milk ice
pops for you why Wow to fly yeah there's
lots of flies huh oh you want a frozen
breast milk pop yeah would you like that
would like that I'm just kidding readily
I just got here to the airport I'm going
to pick up dejan erin and ashley i
believe it's kind of fun I invited day
on an errand to come by before the
wedding they've never been really out
east I don't think maybe daehan's been
to New York I'm not sure I think it'd be
fun for them to experience the big city
even though it's just going to be for a
day growing up people used to say that
the place where I lived was considered a
bubble that if you lived in this town
it's like a bubble to the outside world
that was just like protected when in
reality Utah and Idaho is the biggest
bubble I've ever seen it is complete up
there call me right now I better go too
so be interesting to see how they adjust
everything because it's different here
welcome where's Aaron so Aaron it that
way I came this way feels good to be in
the town the same town is a Turkish know
welcome to the real world wait show me
what you're doing hold your arm out he
was holding his pose while the UH he was
telling the garage door to lift it's
like list garage door no silly I'm glad
the hoop no one's gonna stay with a
grammy and papa Grammy she's gonna take
him to like the children's museum and
stuff oh and all I was really fun to go
there too um and then we'll take
cannella p with us um and the guys have
never been in this big of a city before
we don't think bang on the door theatre
yeah make sure that's the biggest be
that any of them have ever seen but
really errant like you thought
washington DC was like bullies buildings
a huge so he like he's gonna his mind
blown tomorrow any keys the sears tower
and stuff or willis tower whatever you
want to call it you're so cute why are
you so cute it's cute oh good he wasn't
adding on the Jessamine ago when he was
saying trying to say who pees on
whoo-hoo like he couldn't like say the P
part so trying to help me go who this
kid has legit sweat drops sweat I've
never seen him actual have sweat drops
look at that sweat all right first stop
had to be portillos which is one my
favorite place to eat
everyone well the guys all got what i
usually get italian beef hot peppers
cheese fries by Chief Whip is that it's
really not that spicy though I usually
get a coke too and sometimes I'll even
dip the sandwich in the cheese to my
person did do one regular bite and then
he should try one with the cheese I'm
filming this just to see hopefully you
guys enjoy it ashik that's a
chicago-style dog classic chicago ready
wow oh you go
the hot like juicy well you can take
some peppers off of it's too spicy
that's how i roll right here Mike came
in like a bag cuz it's so wet I don't
even I've never seen that before Oh Oh
sir now working tonight it's like son I
don't think I usually get it dipped but
today I didn't look at that bike oh wait
Chicago salad I'm beef how's it like my
inner bag here would you look at that my
mom made a sign for everyone she just
wanted some excites makes everyone feel
welcome and inviting sorry welcome
welcome come inside come inside oh you
know what I hear
I know hi buddy hey come on down come
say hi to everyone are you so excited
what are you doing are you excited okay
oh I Stephen working out where's your
baseball okay I told you they were
coming you're gonna get rid of run hugs
hey go here go yeah please Julie's it
took the gang to the beautiful place
that is over wise right that's creating
edit that perjury yeah I know the other
ocular banana shake yeah and look at we
usually my mom usually just buys ice
cream and then puts an average resumen
but today
yeah I'm like it you can play some chess
chess it over wise so let's just end
there chocolate milk is really good
chocolate banana milk clear at
serendipity wow I believe that it's so
cute very cute CFL looks like something
a girl I didn't know that I didn't know
this is okay yeah the cone goal wow whoa
whoa everything a picture
wow they look like a frozen hot
chocolate oh good on your nose we have
worn out somewhere yeah trust me like
dressing yet cross cross are fighting
drinking out of this
load them two thousand years late
