explain to the people what you just saw
Noah come here let's talk mom what
happened there's a fight with Ali's yeah
we saw this giant crow dirty old crow
swooping through the air right Noah
and what happened what do we see Oh
where would Noah where was the where did
the bunny go where was the bunny was in
the bird's mouth
yeah show mommy where is the bird the
bunny oh ouch ouch Birds swooped down
picked up the little bunny rabbit and
took him up on the roof of a house and
Sam could hear the little bunny
squeaking Wow yeah you just keep hanging
out cuz he saw the whole thing right
Noah do we feel bad for the bunny yeah
yeah that's pretty sad I actually took
this picture right here of the whole
thing it's kind of girls what do you
mean like take a picture of the bunny up
there and there you can see it in the
picture his mouth yep you and like each
other anyway all I do is sleep so sweet
of all the nicknames peepee Penelope he
calls her Penelope pee because her pee
pee okay tell mom about the trick shot
Thanks
trickshot trick shop okay
- yo trick shot ya wanna see it dude
perfect shot
Sam says he can make all the shots that
they make
say happy daddy day
oh yes juice that's all that he cares
about I know it might get possession oh
yeah I'm Sam and I thought something in
a store and I was like oh we're gonna
get this but Sam was there so it's like
asked him you know what you want to say
I've been wanting this so it worked out
because I was gonna get in something
what what well why are you holding or to
find that do see ya know ha jeez he's
helping them here let's see happy
Father's Day daddy
excuse the gone link
Oh up done saying oh it's officially no
now he said no for two days straight and
nope I think we're officially out of the
Oh stage know who is that
and who else that's you know what's
watching over and inside probably
nervous oh it's great grandma
that's Grammys mom night hi grandma I'm
great a little shy yeah you see Abby
it's just a fly you've met grandma a few
times but you were very little
well this coming coming into this room I
mean it's not that what my surprise is
it's just funny look at the Goblet
goblet whoa you dead both gods thank you
yeah you need to drink out of that today
uh-huh and then your other little things
you might want to look at them and then
you can pick them down for dinner this
is my presence
yeah no you see thanks for it dad this
one don't play it this way okay I'll let
you play this well we're eating good
full of steaks huh
and that's do young and here is that
Winston from point it's a Giants didn't
know what what you just look at that
would you just look at it
here comes our Father's Day card for you
what is it is a baseball pinstripes
to my husband we both knew know that
being a parent is one of the most John's
cards always 2017 as I admitted I almost
got those were the most rewarding and
demanding jobs there can be on Father's
Day I want you to know that I feel like
he to be sharing the decisions oh laughs
the frustrations and all the happiness
with the trick terrific husband like you
happy Father's Day with all my left
it's very abstract yeah and the blue
marker apes look like a like fire real
dove droppings good well we might lose
all your pieces
she looks so big on your lab that
because a to grant that people miss you
Andrew that's that over all I can be
funny like will John thanks wait they're
back huh like medieval times good
Father's Day I'm in the Holy Grail have
you had a good Father's Day yeah that's
good it's crazy
both my father's days as a father
I've been here I mean it yeah it's crazy
we just got done watching the where
slaves unfortunately and the Cubs are
winning the Cup which is more important
to me I think I knocked out of the Bulls
I'm a hundred percent faithful to the
end all my teams and we got knocked out
unfortunately but it's good Cubs here we
also had a fun day yesterday I'm gonna
put a couple clips in from that because
me and my dad and Noah had a good time
out we went to the park we played sports
Noah slid headfirst into second base
that didn't even exist my chest
everything is dope and I didn't have
that came around my dad's like did you
get that yeah once you've seen that of
course the day after went to the Cubs
game or what are we gonna do we're gonna
play some baseball you know was
practicing being pitcher and get your a
come see me on the plate Noah okay he
wants to do it on home plate ready oh I
missed the slide I missed the slide in a
second
no go to third go to third go to third
base go to third here we go this is the
win it this is the winner yeah he's back
in this catcher position throw back nice
ok this will be a test to see if he
knows what to do you've never played on
a soccer field before he's only seen it
in person and on TV seems pretty excited
I want to see if he knows what to do
with it
whoa okay whoa I think yes sports in
this feature that boy he's got lots of
energy I think the more were around your
dad the more your dad realizes how thank
you
no it has a lot of energy going to
church and sitting there with him in the
same place or going on a plane we're
going to do this it's really hard
sometimes and now he knows yeah when
people hang out with that self like
perks and a period of time with Noah
they all realized how much I don't do
that kid has more and more yeah you guys
don't see all the energy I don't very
wait okay also my grandma's here she is
92 years old it's generally wanted to
see knowing Penelope and we wanted to
see her she said she's got to mean both
kids which is this all good pictures of
here with them yeah it's pretty cool I
don't remember meeting
I need my grandparents although now we
have footage of them actually our
grandparents so I really open we're in
California that my my grandma Bella gets
me oh yeah healthy as well met Noah was
she's only met no once when he was a
baby
and she just was so funny there was so I
hope you remember that yes a lot of you
guys remember that blogger and she came
to Utah yeah so hopefully we'll get to
see here when we got that anyway fun
Father's Day tomorrow we are getting
some things ready because we're gonna be
heading out to Cincinnati very very soon
for the wedding
we'll be there for a couple days even
before the rest
fast weak very fast crazy would you and
Aaron and date on and Ashley are flying
in and Julius too but I think she's
staying in the city
I'm not really sure but they're flying
out here
I originally told the guys it's like hey
you should stop by a Chicago on the way
out they're only gonna be here for like
a day it's kind of funny yeah but it'll
be fun
great Father's Day everything love you
you're great dad he's a really good dad
guys do you guys already know that Sam
is a decided to take on his dad oh and
Susan L mean does dad yeah babe good job
shoot it Oh who's talking now big fella
who's talking now okay okay I'll go
change
look at that cute little picnic basket
Oh cute we're getting too packed up to
go eat lunch by the river walk down in
and eat lunch Shawn really got the
picnic
no fine he's been sweet and sour today
it's been very back and forth but this
one
but look it but all our sandwiches named
and cookies was it two years ago or
after last year we had those little meet
up in this park
it's been a fun and nostalgic yes comes
blinken baseball oh there goes no one
mom they're running up the hill there's
the hill that I used to run down with my
siblings and my parents back in the day
and now Jen is sharing that joy with no
one
here they go now for the rundown oh boy
oh boy was that fun oh you know I'm
sweaty Hey yeah well how's your cookie
first a sandwich thrown at girlies back
no berries in the water all over Grammy
and last night and I scan bark Grammy
said man that's what geez he's just he's
just dripping all over the place I was
proud to show washing them
