you guys are parents
no I woke up again last night in the
middle of the night
well middle of the early morning hours
screaming he was the nice one I went in
there and then woke up with him early
again this baby hey hey over here
you're already rolling onto your side hi
hey I just showed her pictures of her
new cousin Ryker and she was smiling so
big at then huh it's very quiet down
here I was like where's Noah I'm like
Sam's asleep on the ground where's my
child I saw the things you're open I got
really nervous that he hadn't run
nothing by itself but you played played
with Grammy very smart you do it outside
that's for sure are you playing
playdough not finally no finally you've
got some service yeah show me my baby
Oh PJ that's your cousin oh he is so
pretty
okay oh my goodness Haley you did so
good oh he's so cute I want to see him
in person yeah yeah very bright light
brown oh is that your cousin ah that's
your cousin
that's your first Guerrero cousin you
guys are parents oh there's my little
blonde Sam I think PJ's gonna start
looking a little bit more like this in
the next couple years
hello blonde baby hey hey might help you
sit down okay who's in there who is it
who is it yet Ryder is it Ryder
yeah do you like him yeah cool Ryder is
gonna join your other toys now in here
yeah cool
you like bitch I was just thinking a
second ago about how we were all over
here doing the puzzle yeah and we were
discussing her name yes I was like oh I
like Penelope oh did you say Jane I
think you said Jane oh you'll like it I
promise
how many cars do you have there you do
have a blue one that one's red why how
many do you have
oh okay are you whoa you put your little
guys in your bus storage in the school
bus yeah the storage in their school bus
goes pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pew
the starch in the school bus goes pew
pew pew Oh food
the Chewbacca in the schoolbus code the
Darth Vader on the bus goes give her
another kiss it's tummy time she hates
it with a passion mom came off my belly
I don't like it anymore we are here at
Target a little they venture with the
baby like get them things further the
honeymoon thing everywhere right we just
didn't go so anyway it's really fun
they're going to Disney World so Jen's
trying to get some last-minute touches
for the wedding and her outfit I've been
here with Penelope hey how you doing Oh
mom's gonna be surprised when she sees
what she finds oh she put through her
outfit she did not
another one another one what did you go
Jenna's been giving PJ different
hairstyles all day this is the straight
down the middle
the point is other styles you had
earlier yeah went this way that way
every time I see her she goes Gino does
something different so which way do you
think her hair should go this way which
is a cowlick under you that makes it
want to go this way I think she looks
cute no matter what I almost actually
feels like it looks better the other way
yeah this way show me what pop is
cooking show me is it hot or Papa's
cooking oh yeah did you see the bunnies
again my knees are still on there the
baby bunnies grilling some salmon
tonight yeah there's a mama bunny hi
bunnies - trying to sleep in there huh
yeah we have to be gentle with them like
the sister our garden looks good
compared to ours
what is this plant Oh raspberry Wow
seriously that's huge
doesn't even have a bunch well there's
some little ones growing here needs to
be trimmed back it's really oh yeah
Antron - wrenegade
are you watering the plants wait no it's
that time summon ants
I'm trying to think some summer night
song but it's not really working out
this is summer nights are all about the
swinging on the red porch swing
should we paint it this was actually a
white swing before and then one day we
were like hey let's paint it red I
started doing jumping jacks and then
Noah started doing jumping jacks these
are just jumping jacks oh that's not a
jump me jack it was like jumping so
funny when he was trying his jumping
jacks like that yes I the other day
Noah's trying he had a new sport tennis
I think he understands how it's played
quite yet but it's really cute
nonetheless he's like it's supposed to
go my racquet mom oh that's an
old-school racquet
here comes Noah here comes
oh come on mom okay here's more hair Jen
see if I can pick up her blonde roots
it just looks white it looks like she is
great here yeah it does all it's crazy
just how like blonde it's super blunt
very sandy blonde kind of like isn't
that what they said right grass yeah his
hair another pictures like super dark
right oh you want us to show your hair
beautiful you look beautiful brown hair
should we go get in the tub II know if
you get in the cubby that we can come
down watch out ooh pretty relaxing day
today yeah we kind of have a day full of
activities tiring things then the next
day's been relaxing today was pretty
relaxing Jen ended up getting these
shoes yeah you know she's been wearing
for the wedding just some nude flats
nice wedding assume a week in a week
very excited very excited we're also
heading to the city tomorrow we're gonna
go to a Cubs game my parents are going
and Noah and Penelope Jen and myself and
Jake Arrieta is pitching which I'm
really excited about the next child run
for another game yep we will see how it
goes because we do have tickets to
another game in Cincinnati I also got
this Mickey shirt today to wear in honor
of trap Tyler and his wedding because
trap Tyler loves Mickey
which salsa I mean who doesn't but
Disney
so we're excited to go down hope
everything goes well
I think Noah will enjoy that sounded the
game and just all the commotion I hope
seeing the field and yeah hopefully
Penelope doesn't also take those she's
done so well done that's true need bring
those and also some change of clothes
because you never know you know but now
that everything upin everywhere it's gay
up you guys had fun relaxing and
enjoying today's day with us we'll see
us tomorrow go Cubs go
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood Oh secret clip if
you watched the Warriors game and follow
Ayesha curry on Twitter or on Twitter
you saw that she kind of freaked out at
the end of the game I was saying that
Jen would probably do the same thing
although probably not something that she
should do Hey
see yeah that's I generally do it to you
and then I would have to come home I'd
be like show Jen it's the truth we got
we can't do that Jen
