I'm very excited about something that's
going to happen today I'm here at my
parents house as you guys know my
parents have always been there for me
they've been there physically mentally
and also at many times financially
especially when I went through college
they helped me get through college and
just all the little things in life
they've always been there for me so much
that they put the needs of their kids
ahead of their own my parents have been
sleeping in the same bed or at least the
bed frame since my mom was in middle
school or high school I believe um they
taught the same mattress for as long as
I can remember as their son I'm always
looking for other ways to give back to
them
because I feel like they deserve the
same blessings that they've given me so
today we have a surprise the good people
of all reached out to me and we put
together this plan like hey I'm going
home soon let's send my parents up with
a brand new bed
let's get him a brand new mattress and
king-sized make them feel so great today
put together the surprise get the
mattress shipped to our house because of
what they do they ship the mattresses
just out to your house in the box
let's make today's special so any minute
now we're gonna Surprise them and I just
want to give a shout out to lo for
sponsoring today's video because it
wouldn't be possible without them
those did this guys get the day off
knowing this guy's got the day off
what's that mean to to cool well are you
guys all ready to have some fun because
the package on the front porch is for UK
we're having fun today we're we're gonna
go get I don't know what's gonna see
look it's for you it's for both of you
it's for Grammy and papa
you know this is better live better
every day begins with a good night's
sleep
oh honey it's the rule it's a king-sized
mattress we're getting you guys a new
bed get out of here yeah let's get it
set let's get this going we're gonna go
get a bed frame and everything yeah okay
let's bring it inside let's bring it
inside well we can't take it out it out
here yeah it's a memory foam will it
hurt us
No let's go let's take it inside well
not in my wildest dreams thank the good
people at lo yeah we're gonna go get
that
let's go bed shopping today for the
frame king-size bed well now I can
actually sleep with the eggs again
yeah oh can you pick up the box can you
bring it in for a Grammy and Papa you
got it if you need some help
alright I'll help you
so when I was 13 years old I always
wanted a canopy bed and so my parents
got me a canopy bed this bed used to
have a big cam on it and I've had this
bed ever since has been king with me
when I got married but I did the canopy
off about how long that's been revealing
my age so I've had this bed for 47 years
there was a knock on the front door I
don't know evidently I'm getting a new
bed we gotta get it before and after
we've been like cozy oh yeah
and I've I mean as a kid I slept right
there sometimes and now we can have all
the grandkids
ya know do you want to sleep with Grammy
and papa
tonight yeah do you wanna sleep there
tonight
Wow so squishy
Wow wrapped very nicely no is that cool
fairy I think this part you just start
peeling it off right here
Wow okay to help under all it Noah gonna
pull it we are unboxing positioning well
we don't have the bed frame yet we're
gonna be rid of that frame right now I
wrap it and then unwrap it will just
unwrap it on the ground setup make sure
that once you know it's get unstuck look
at it in flame I'm plating so fast oh my
goodness oh my
Wow
yeah yeah so now you give it it says
like 24 to 48 hours - yeah cooling plate
I mean tonight when you sleep on it well
you have to sleep on the very edge I
know I just give it to more bodies in
there five Anderson's in the bedroom
really like what else pushy so squishy
go get full maximum yep around a let it
rest and walk go pick out a bed frame
awesome bed a bed frame let's get some
lunch so much some sheets and so they
all rolled over and one fell out
doo dee doo dee dee dee dee dee oh so
far so good we have like a family text
message of my parents have been texting
on my sibling saying how excited they
are my siblings are excited now - I'm so
happy that we're able to do this just a
quick a couple details about the
mattress you can get the mattress
shipped to your door for free you can
get a hundred day trial to make sure
that you like it it is comfortable it is
supportive done and I love sleeping on a
mattress like this feels like luxury
because it really is kind of a luxury
mattress at an affordable price I
believe they start off at $500 as you
guys saw it's super easy to set up
instantly it starts to gain its form
after they press it down together and
you'll have your bed ready for yourself
literally that night so if you guys want
to try it out I'll put a link in the
description you can get $50 off your
purchase of a lo match
in place the order will be shipped to
your house and I've even heard that the
customer service will sing you a lullaby
we kind of want to call them to find out
if that's the case that's how good they
but yeah if you guys want to try out the
mattress click on the link you'll get
$50 off your purchase you get a hundred
days to try it out if you don't like it
you can ship it back to them for free
I know they're people that have other
memory foam mattresses and they say it
gets kind of like hot but this actually
has a layer of gel on the top which will
distribute the heat so it's a cool nice
exciting experience when you sleep it's
exactly what I need because I'm a warm
body I'm a warm body and if I'm warm
body I'm guessing my dad is too ok looks
like we've decided on my bed do you like
it
we're gonna go with everything
everything including the bedding so the
mattress will go on this baby right here
you'll get all this bedding for me I'm
excited like we literally have this bed
but the comfy his mattress ever and a
couple minutes inside the house well my
dad and I have to
I can't find Noah where is he oh there
is sorry I don't know what are we saying
no it's temporary unavailable yes here
at Portillo's it has been a while no it
was kind of crazy in there but we are
going to get some food and then head
back do you remember this place
I got to say it we eaten good tune that
I mean oh we eaten good tonight you got
a hot dog it's at yours some fries
grab me got a burger cuz Tyler said he
loves him here my dad got it what's it
called veggie burger and Jen got a salad
little Penelope's just being the best
little thing ever oh and I got a Italian
beef with hot peppers amigo Noah que
haces Wow look at you brush your teeth
me oh yeah via nature if anyone can
guess what this is this is like a I say
or stone-age look at your thing a drill
look at this drill it was your dad's
yeah it's crazy this is like a weapon
it's heavy and it's really hilarious oh
my gosh and it's my legs and he's gonna
catch on fire but we have bet progress
that progress Sam is currently with Noah
because no will not go to sleep you have
got lots of nice cuddles with with
granny so we thought he'd go to bed and
he's awake so that's fun here we go guys
we're gonna try out this I've been a few
already it's quite entertaining
still works Jen the Builder can she do
it yes she can
I would have Sam get me a power which is
called power drill the new ones for a
mother's day the normal I need you to
use this thing is that gonna get hot and
like dangerous this is real
daughter-in-law father-in-law bonding
let me tell you something very very very
exciting happening today
I may have tweeted about it but a lot of
you don't follow me on twitter does just
look at me like who are you talking to
my brother what's exciting my brother oh
I'm so excited the first little Guerrero
baby he is so cute his name's Ryker and
he's beautiful this is the only picture
there so hope they're a hotel room
they're um what sir Oh hospital room
thank you okay I'll try the authority
room the hospital room doesn't have any
service we have not built a Skype
FaceTime or anything and he's hardly
been able to get any pictures out but he
is just the most beautiful little baby
boy look at him he is so cute we're very
excited well would you look at that it
looks beautiful it looks very inviting
like I just want to jump and dive on it
oh all right look at the sheets on
they're trying to get the plague it
figured out right what do you see in
there guys how's my future looks like
comfy it does it looks great
alright well we'll check back in the
morning see how you sleep when ok it
really does look nice like literally
sleeping here I don't like good night
interview to stone
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you bad understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understand it's funny cuz the
crust Ã¤j-- matches everything it's as
if it was planned
