why can't you think if you can see thank
you my dams turning a little ray
Sam's turning a little red Sam's turn
away Sam's turning red everybody
Matt's turning red
okay we're first our family
we have the boys on one because they all
like to bend it and then a second
and we're doing the funny faces
that's hilarious I know I followed
arrows and I get my arm goes back the
wrong way you passed the home we sports
is all her training our training on we
sport oh there goes dad no just uses the
basis is Andrew using the eight pound
ball
hey mom you're up next
go PJ and that's my PJ and go PJ PJ cut
cut yeah
go clearly it's so bad boy that suits me
another strike are you kidding me
they're so good bullying
good gutter you jinxed me just so you
all know Jen is using bumpers and I'm
not and the winner of 2017 Christmas
Bowl is Santa overcoming Peter will win
girl time shopping for the tiny hair
went to old touch we get some stuff now
we're at that was because then have what
we needed
there's so many people here today you're
trying to hurt his name with the car -
we're out here we just had pizza for
dinner Sam Soon the wing challenge of
everyone we're doing the wings tonight
tonight and we're about to go hun walk
down
Comstock Street which is a very popular
Christmas light Street they got like
I've no word on Good Morning America or
something so sorry it's kind of dark in
my phone like right by June - 93.9 look
at we can hear their music we got a key
okay which side let's just be on this
side this is so walls
but all the houses are coordinated with
the same music that's pretty amazing
Seoul is amazing you know all the houses
special according to the same songs look
at you can see all of them flashing
together oh I don't want to step on so
cool
so cute
there's a little golf cart let's do a
little tour down there with the songs
playing look at this wings lit up that
is so cute they're playing music so cool
that's the video
that's so cute yeah you imagine what
that bill is
but but all these houses have a trophy
where well they all have their trophy on
display that's a really cool trophy you
can't tell that's all multicolored
inside of it see if I can show those
that's cool
this is definitely I'd say this is worth
I oh yeah I'm flying here no but that
thing in the car yeah definitely and
it's so interesting all these people are
just like out chilling in their driveway
yeah I love it they're all selling hot
chocolate a couple days of the year they
just like like yeah probably Christmas
weekend this is really cool this house
is just decked out oh my gosh I can't
take it you can see thank you I like
this pink tree say hi wave hi to mom
there's it's good length so I'm just
getting a shot of everyone I thought
they're playing the music
I can take her for a little bit baby
cool I love that look at that tree mom
Wow we decided after Comstock Street to
come see the temple lights because
they're not
I heard someone told me that they're not
doing it for a few years cuz they're
doing renovations so the last year of
lights and it was very busy tonight
cause last weekend but so pretty and I
love the palm trees the most because
they look like angel wings up they're
really pretty and now I'm gonna go get
this children bed
what was your favorite part of lights
here here the ocean life weren't the
camels and I like the angel wings yeah
presenting the night all been waiting
for
20 congestions one survived the show
with hot questions the even hotter sauce
I think you should ask questions anyway
he came to me with all of this family I
don't know if I can do it
they're like what's that it's a brand
type of - yeah that's what with mega
rage what to say schools that I first
tried it in focus
Megadeth sauce with liquid range this is
the hot morning
do not eat if pregnant any advice for
the competitors for the competitors do
you have any advice for the competitors
don't do it do you have any advice for
the competitors so we have conflicting
advice but nothing nonetheless authentic
let's settle yeah I want to do you don't
eat baby I know right what's yeah what
are you what are your pregame thoughts
it hurts
I'm ready I'm probably burn my tongue
really bad cut open wounds I did hear a
lot of excuses I'm ready to dominate
that's what I like to say I think his
wife's gonna win just so there's some
there's some money on you there's some
money on you what do you think you're
gonna win what do you think I can
guarantee you I'm gonna win I would just
like falls out of their mouths another
professor will go there you go there you
go listening like that hey what are your
thoughts on competing the home already
smells very strong I'm not sure if I'm I
find that if I can do it I'm ready for
this I used to love hot foods and then I
grew up and realized that I didn't need
to impress myself or anyone by eating
and what I learned is that most hot food
doesn't have a good flavor it's just hot
and if it had good flavor
I'd probably enjoy it a lot more
including the burn but most time it's
just like let's get it as far as we can
out with you know flavor and just hurt
people and it's like whatever if I'm
going to eat it and be a pain a little
enjoy driving so that's where I'm at I
don't know and this this stinks because
it's the build-up you start with the
most mile then you keep going and keep
going and keep going keep going it's
going by that the time you get to the
last dad your tongue is broken I'm
scared of these to be honest you gotta
look at it this has got a skull on it
the bomb this should be the hottest one
Kiryu actually yeah yeah you go there
you go stand there you watch out okay
there we go
just hit the back hit the back I catch
up oh my gosh what are you talking to no
crystal Queen Majesty's scotch bonnet
and ginger hot sauce hot ones fiery
Chipotle dirty detox ass zombie
apocolypse
da bomb butters mega death sauce with
liquid rage this is the easiest one
everyone welcome to this episode of the
special Christmas edition of hot ones
well the team get one yes bye welcome to
this special Christmas edition of hot
ones
this first sauce is called Valentina oh
you may take you may take a bite
we're not gonna do a question for the
easy ones yeah okay probably the next
one okay we can't all talk at once guys
though cuz it's too noisy our family
yeah okay the next one is called crystal
crystal sorry that one I didn't coat
enough I didn't coat that one minute
okay the next one is aardvark this is
Sam so just dip it in the sauce if you
want to okay
you're not eating a tiny nibble one
created by hot ones the hot show called
hot ones thank you here comes your first
your first question your first question
what was the worst Christmas gift you
have ever received nothing a Barbie doll
when I wanted a Furby okay I don't know
probably just random money
I mean the Halloween what's the
Christmas what's the worst Christmas
gift you ever received the second time
that I received more of the ring chill
dude okay the next one is called dirty
do you like that one okay next question
Dex is a good one next one is Dombey
apocalypse film each person on these now
okay okay I gotta film your rectal do
you like that one
oh yeah Rach do you think ha No
okay they gonna do it maybe they're
sleeping babies are sleeping
zombie apocalypse No
the rest of them
so some apocalypse is known to come in a
little bit later okay first the earth
tap out take the first tap out okay all
right silence this is the most painful
of all the wings this is called the bomb
take one I'm gonna get your reactions
are this is one of the most painful Wow
you POTUS is like a mofo go eat some
drinking water milk we got coffee over
coffee
alert alert okay good okay david has no
reaction if you hold the water in your
mouth that takes away the pain that's
hot that's okay your turn mr. Hoffman oh
that's hot yeah okay right your turn how
big of a bike oh just a bike cuz they're
chapped lips are chapped
I think that's a little bike girlfriend
my baby still tonight that one is really
bad
Sam's turning a little red Sam shirt
away Sam's turning red everybody mats
turning red this is this is mega Death
Star Megadeth you can't take a bite Matt
come on take a bite you think about Matt
do it do it do it Matt do it you're
almost there you have two more this is
it Matt that's a tiger right okay Tyler
that's a big Oh where's Tyler your swing
you see they might take a little bite
take a little bite you can do it I'm not
going to wait I'm not going I'm a little
tingling yeah
my mouth just get a little bit how's
that one feel hotter Bhrigu it's on your
Lenny beignet
he their chat before that was hotter
okay everyone this is the last one you
are out very early you don't have to dab
it good job Rachel anything to drink
it's known to yours it's known to dab
the last wing I don't know if it's gonna
come out okay just a little bit babe
just a little bit that's good that's
good your day was dying another bite
okay oh my gosh your face okay mom could
you do it doing it it's hot I want to
give you fighting eating something spicy
what is this
yeah I told you it was Sam no more oh my
gosh pilot they did it everyone Rachel's
in the state
okay that's how I feel Kabam is
definitely the hottest I can feel it in
my because your chat kappa i guess you
have gone all the way through okay yeah
it's not nope right here
honestly the bond by far the worse it
gets better after that but but yeah
Rachel you have these celebrities have
tapped out of that you did the whole
thing I did no think no drinks shout out
the Sun ovens that is a beast does that
every month and interviews that wasn't
bad
yeah good job Mike hello everyone I feel
like watching the show really helped me
press yeah everyone one he use a beef
stew everyone what if you finished it
you won
you all are winners the math either be
blood
how're you doing now we only took one
bite of aroma trap stick in your pocket
so bad this is Sam's dream come true I'm
glad it happened
please never forget Merry Christmas
everyone
right now
spicy high right the bomb though my
fingers starting to feel tingly yeah
dude thought my moustache man like my
lips are burning
I'm thinking listening
