we made it to the airport we are here we
are heading off on our trip today or you
just say you got an airplane yeah we're
gonna go up there 10 minutes through
security luckily you never know it there
we're ready to go
look dude look that's the airplane we're
gonna go on right there you point to it
yep it's your first flight Penelope you
ready
good dance 2 seconds later she just said
it boy of course of course of course
ooh the first surprise of the flight you
can open it ok make sure you give me the
paper okay
I get a banana seat oh those little
crazy get back oh my goodness
what is that did you get in here please
what's the airplane dude
if you're good boy and play another
25 no one we needed to Chicago what do
you think doing so well okay let's go
find my mom
let's go again
screaming Micah grimmy has well we don't
take us fetters we have a story this is
my favorite part of the elevator here at
the airport there's wolves Bulls black
hawks white Huck's white Hawks White Sox
in theirs and cups and wine cups
wouldn't be a trip in the car Trader
Joe's mango mango mango give a big boy
all these peaches though on the tree
that my mom is crazy there's so many
this tree is so much bigger the muscle
myrrh and of course there's a sign that
says welcome Noah Penelope Jenica and
Sam welcome to my house 3 because I know
has actually been here a couple of times
but I feel like it's almost his first
time here because I feel like he
actually gets it now do you get it Noah
yeah this is the kind of like expensive
fragile room so we have to watch out he
just wants to explore should we go
explore upstairs gonna race Grammy made
a bet for you your own big-boy bed we
will see how this goes ladies and
gentlemen this will be his first time in
a big-boy bed this was my bed when I was
a kid isn't that my bed yeah someone is
excited to be at Grammys got all the
toys it's gonna be a great time no I was
playing tennis wow it is so hot here oh
wow Sam said that Noah hit it
ready look at me now look at it like the
ball here comes his legs are let along
for it put your feet up and go down now
that's that's what I'm talking about
what that's what I'm talking about look
at that bike Noah
nothing like a little Dora helmet and
some sparkly things very crazy right now
oh but I have my child my son am I who
this it is I grew up it is your hoop
it's a very arrestee old hoop but it's
your hoop I love that Sam's house is on
a cold a sack much more playing space
look at both of them have their hoops
next to each other
hi keep it down over there trying to
shoot up shoot some film over here has
never met sissy but sissy just went down
for a nap takes you noobs that's pretty
cool you don't for the first time do you
know what we say about a meal like this
we say yeah
rolls corn salad pot roast what I don't
even know what that is but it looks
great sweet potato fries way to see that
woman what are we doing tonight mama the
boys back home we got Pioneer Woman
twice baked potatoes or whatever those
things are I'm supposed to make sure I
get the potatoes Pioneer Woman twice
baked really hot Noah yeah no where's
Papa where's Papa
young yummy in the tummy are you okay
you're not mommy she's just hungry
no no all right we just had a good
message from Papa for family home
evening and what do we have for dessert
what a Grammy gets you do you want one
see the card yeah
who's that BBA back in the car back at
the airport in crisis averted
I was in the restroom and I hear Jen
screaming and I thought someone was
falling in the stairs or jumping from
the loft or throwing the knives around I
don't even know it's gone but anyways we
left the suitcase at the airport one
that we had checked last minute it could
have been a carry-on I'm not sure why we
didn't carry it on but her airline that
we flew is kind of stingy about that
stuff so he checked it I found it I
found the bag dad great I tried to call
like a bunch of numbers and they said
they were closed and stuff it just
didn't make sense at the busiest airport
in the country sometimes the world maybe
it doesn't hold that title anymore so we
just drove down here it's a little bit
of a drive to so I appreciate my dad
with me and as soon as I walked in there
like Sam Anderson it's there like three
people sitting a cut like they were
helping people with their tickets and
then there are three people with their
you know intersection against the wall
the same Anderson the baggage here yeah
it's like how did you know up in the
ticketing areas like how did they know I
mean it wasn't me so I was able to get
the bag back after being ID'd there's
the bag right there it also has all of
the kids clothes including their wedding
clothes and it would have been really
sad and we lost it so we'll check that
one up - pregnancy brain for both of us
so goodbye airport I hope to not see you
again for a while considering we are not
flying out of this Airport
it's 22 because as we're leaving there's
Illinois call that was calling Jets
phone and I was like hey you should
probably answer that what if it's the
airline and we forgot something on the
plane or we left it back
it wasn't that that
here at Grammy and Papa's they have
little toddler size beds so we are
experimenting with Noah tonight and
seeing how he does we put a long body
pillow next to the bed in case he falls
he'll lay on a pillow and if he does
fall with no chairs up there to block
but he cried
yeah he climbed right in he was ready
for bed and then I laid next him on the
other bed and he fell asleep in like ten
minutes five minutes maybe ten five ten
minutes oh no I didn't feel like I was
in there very long he was asleep and I
stayed in there for the moment this is
our test if he's good that way you can
get him a big-boy bed you might like it
you might like it
maybe he was really excited and he's in
a room he knows like we're not sleeping
in that room and he was fine still
that's the scariest part about being a
lots of visitors especially in your own
room by yourself
yeah like most kids wanting to be Marion
by themselves at their own house the
problem we'll see how he does tonight
though well we'll check on him before we
go to bed yeah leave a nice little
cuddle wall I got sister to bed it was
very sweet
hey weren't you cago and what happened
to be here Sam to fall asleep in ten
seconds he's tired Sam we'll see you
tomorrow bye
