how about that you made it
let me first apologize that there was no
vlog yesterday the reason why there
wasn't is because most of the footage
that we recorded has been requested to
be held until Monday we did the slip and
slide we were Brock's birthday and they
want to wait until Monday because
there's a another video coming out so
that was the majority of our vlog so I
figured I would just hold on to that
footage and then have it uploaded first
thing Monday morning for you guys
so the vlog after this one that you
watch will be that vlog it's pretty fun
I think you guys will enjoy it and then
the next vlog will be us traveling east
because we're leaving it's here our trip
is here we're gonna be gone for a long
time so excited I believe this will be
the first time that Noah truly kind of
understands where he is that he's on the
plane and that we're flying part of me
is worried that he might be scared
because he's starting to actually have
fear in things which is the sweetest
thing in the world but also just like oh
man my boy we want everyone on the plane
to be happy especially Noah we also want
PJ to be happy I think she'll be okay
right time PJ yeah Emily are you worried
about her I'm only worried that she'll
get so exhausted but there's really two
you know I think she'll be fine cuz
they're blending a sound machine it's
usually kind of like the opposite that
happens though
so yeah however we have decided to
brainstorm and do some things that will
help Noah out on the plane one of them
was an idea suggested by one of you guys
actually and that was to get the wrap
paper if that's a wrap paper wrapping
paper we have Star Wars wrapping paper
and we are going to wrap some toys for
Noah to unwrap on the plane these are
basically birthday presents that he's
not we're not having open stuff they're
really I feel bad because I feel like
this birthday will be different for Noah
we have a lot of fun activities planned
for him that I think he'll enjoy he's
not at like the thinking level of like
Oh where's my birthday presents like the
kids made me so happy either way I know
my parents will probably have something
for him and we'll have some I actually
have some creative fun presents that
we're gonna give up but this will be
kind of my birthday idea yeah this will
be kind of fun of his birthday we kind
of went overboard on it actually
I'm counting this is like all airplanes
like I'm saving some of these for the
way home - mm-hmm so a lot of this toys
that we've gotten have been inherited
from other people which has been awesome
but we don't really have like the little
Star Wars toys so what we'll do is wrap
them right now for him to unwrap on the
plane as we fly hopefully spread that
out enjoy playing with the toys and then
try out a new toy I think it will go
well and then what we'll do on the way
home
it's just rewrap all the presents again
he's taking it that bright wasn't yes it
gets the airport has to be a good boy
sitting while we wait to board and he's
gonna get a little airplane so I think
I'm gonna walk around and show him the
airplanes and I try to do that when he
was littler but he just really did
understand and he does now so I've got
an airplane we got him Finn and Storch
c-3po and r2d2 han Solo and Chewbacca Oh
spider-man spider-man hey sir there's a
lot of these a little and then the
little paw patrol set so we're going to
take all this out of the packaging and
then individually wrap each one and then
I actually he spotted this drink of the
grocery store the other day so I bought
it for him so this will be like another
last resort so yeah we did kind of go a
little overboard there's a lot they're
equally only needs about three of those
and by the end of it will be juggling
all the toys this is the thing I'm
spraying his backpack and each time he
gets a new thing you can put it in his
store then he'll have a backpack of just
his toys nice
he definitely enjoys the iPad now he
likes watching YouTube kids and the Star
Wars like cartoons on it but we kind of
want that to be more of a last resort
kind of thing we don't have to be
dependent on the iPad and then Candy's
like the last last resort we got some
high cheese I got a whole bag so we're
gonna kind of do drawing coloring and
looking out the window and then maybe
open up a toy and then watch the lady do
all the drinks in the aisle and just
kind of hopefully spread things out are
we overthinking it because it's our
first toddler toddler probably but it's
making us feel more comfortable about
traveling would you say yes but now he's
awake sir I'm waiting goodness that's
true he just has a personality that we
love which includes wanting to pilot the
plane so hopefully it goes well we'll
have the camera with us I'm sure you
guys will see how it goes oh that means
a week oh look at that faith how is your
dreams give good dreams what's the
newest word that you just learned can
you say church Church uh Kiki Kiki
Micah's okay not oh your best dings oh
you need to brush your teeth good
morning everyone it is a nasty rainy
dreary day let me tell ya it is ugly out
here but I just way I got my ring
resized and cleaned and read it and
everything I haven't wear my ring in a
while and I was like just want to wear
it I don't wait for my finger to like
shrink back down because who knows if it
will might it's like my knuckle it's not
even like the skin it's like my knuckle
is like the bone is too big now or
something so last time with no I just
waited for my fingers to like shrink so
I basically didn't wear my ring all
summer and then it was like winter and
so my fingers shrank back pretty fast
but I've all summer and I really wanted
to wear my ring again but it just was
not fitting so I came and got it
polished cuz we actually got my ring in
Logan Sam did so it's kind of nice that
I can just take it back to the place
where I got it and get it resized and
everything hopefully it's not too big in
the winter now but I'll just deal with
it and if I really have to get it
resized back down I will but hopefully I
won't have to because I mean it's like
fitting a little looser than I thought
it would
so hopefully in the winter that doesn't
mean it's gonna be like too big but it
looks so pretty let's see if I can show
you it's like just as pretty as the day
he gave it to me it's so sparkly and
shiny out so I haven't seen my ring but
he picked it out all by himself he knew
I wanted like a halo around it but then
I was kind of happy that he just did it
himself because I like thought that
would be kind of but I didn't want to go
me like yeah I want this ring so I was
glad that he did it myself I was proud
I'm you picked out a really beautiful
ring that's done and now I'm going to go
and pick up my bridesmaids dress so
hopefully it looks good and it fits and
everything and hopefully it looks good
and fits me well because I just had a
baby so hopefully fingers guys it looks
nice on me guys I just got a little
package and I'm really excited to open
it okay so Heather from the C shop with
the flatware headband had headbands
advance her mom also has a shop on
Instagram called thread Lynn and she
makes the most beautiful little baby
moccasins
here's her and then here's another
little I'm Cheryl um she makes moccasins
and little mary-jane moccasins like
looks like they tie they tie in the
front and you can find her on Instagram
as well and she must be like do you want
it good so we do want some of the
moccasins for PJ I was like oh yeah and
so look at okay
first a plus with packaging look at this
cute little box cute little box that
says thread line' and then you open it
in this little this stuff little paper
tissue paper and the cutest little bags
let's say thread lint on them take those
little bags out oops
business cards fonts gotta show you guys
are so cute
okay I'm gonna have PJ wear one of the
UM one of the colors for the wedding if
it they're probably a little bit because
they're like zero to six month shoes but
what's good then they're little gold
moccasins focus little gold and then
they taught have little ties right there
they were so cute so I got some gold
ones
and then I got the cutest little light
pink pair they're so soft look at those
okay there's a little thread than thing
inside oh they're really soft leather so
I got a little baby pink color and this
gold color and they're so short they're
so cute I wasn't sure I was like because
and her flower but she's wearing for the
wedding headband there's like some gold
leaves I'm like oh cool to look cute
with her little dress and I was like oh
what pink would match the flowers and
look cute their dress I'm not really
sure what she's gonna wear look and
there's even little tissue paper in
there keep the shape oh goat
let's try one on her I am mistaken they
fit pretty perfectly and they're so good
there's just there's like a little room
to grow which will be awesome she can
wear them brush the summer and hopefully
into the ball and then we have to get
some more because there's okay you leg
down I will show you Jason okay look it
uh sweet it's so cute and they're just a
little room to go just perfect
I love them you're gonna look so cute
you're gonna accept you to the wedding
and then just forever cuz these are just
the cute they are so soft
Wow everything's handmade guys
interested the see shop Heather and your
mom Cheryl have very quiche on Instagram
so on Etsy go check them out
she also has regular moccasin it's like
these are just the cute little Thai ones
but she has like the full oxen as well
thanks Cheryl for sending these over
they're adorable I can't wait for PJ to
wear them oh yeah
get set up here it goes ready
no it's this on TV
what is that Wow we're going to a game
next week the whole family's going
Penelope Noah
Jenica myself my parents Wow
today's in a blonde a Julie we're doing
yeah we've just felt weird all day long
it was weird and the letter that happens
like muggy in Y and grows so we're gonna
go out to dinner we've been stuck inside
all day on OA yeah no I need to get out
I get out everything everyone needs to
get out packing let me see your face
Noah Noah hey you have beans all over
your face no some of the bubbles
to dinner
yes love bubbles look at it he's enjoyed
the salad set this before here either
close to beat up Aceveda 14 cap area
still undecided I feel like pork is the
beat okay no has a new trick that he
wants to show you guys oh that that was
it okay let's see you know ready
oh it's called the Running Start his dad
look I said you want me to record it he
said yep despite the rain we have our
jackets on we're out here it was just a
matter of time before he got soaked but
you know what it's okay
it's a rough day for a kid being trapped
inside we'll just go take a tubby time
he needs a good tubby anyways hey you
got water on your bum no I don't do it
again
no I'm enough to carry you back don't be
careful you could slip Hey hi
I need to help you don't slip that's it
it's extra slippery when it's wet yeah
dude Johnny made it to the top wait let
me see
hi you made it uh can I help you down
what happened oh you get stuck
uh oh there you go thank you keep going
I walk outside to turn PJ and then I
hear Sam did you well no bro in the
microphone everything don't wake up the
baby
Oh mom I guess think of us see the song
and let us know
okay side-eye
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I got used to being
around my family
I'm not scared Jen when she comes in cuz
that's right I do when I'm with my
family
- miscarry with the door did you open it
yeah cleaning up
