Hey hi have you seen this photo yes it
scared me
I have a doppelganger even though I have
a doppelganger I want to see a friend on
top that guy what I'm saying and that
took the picture I wanted to surprise
you Jen just got home and I I wanted to
pick have you seen this photo the
profile is exactly me like chin I'm Alan
yeah nose eyes my brow hairs a little
different opposite yours but very close
ears are kind of different
they're different you have very unique
ears that's a very different well that's
kind of what I'm saying that's weird
these are fought on the side oh my
goodness my friend so I have a friend
that was in Phoenix today at a Starbucks
and Cory way and you took this picture
and he posted on Facebook he's like dude
I found Sam's doppelganger in Phoenix
Arizona and I thought like that is my
profile so it's insane they say that you
have seven people in the world that look
like you because the genetics they can
only be you know tossed around in so
many ways we're just kind of crazy do
you have it did you find it I'll put it
in the block strangely enough I kind of
want to find this person then if we look
the same from the front and it's not
just profile like I really want to find
this person so if you're in Phoenix keep
your eyes open
I'm actually really thinking about
taking to Reddit taking a profile
picture of me posting on there and be
like help me find this person
because if we really do look alike and
we're that close I wanna meet them
there's like this group of people that
have been doing that they've been trying
to meet the six other people in the
world that look like them and they're
usually in different countries this is
Phoenix
there's flight sales I just saw from
here to there
go Mina you can help them I could cut a
classroom sometimes I know I was like
I guess I better tell you it was like
what so what do you guys think does that
look like me it is seriously my profile
should I try and find this person is
that too weird it's already kind of
freaky and creepy but I think I should
post it to Reddit and I think if it's on
reddit people would appreciate it and
that we would find each other come on
you crazy look exactly the cat in his
teeth that way even crazier yeah they
look exactly like me that guy or I look
like him
years older I bet I'm older he looks
like he's yeah yeah but he was writing a
paper for something let's find this
person I wish I'd seen it earlier I wish
I had seen it earlier because we had
contact with the person and now it's
gone okay here's gents table ones that
mean this one is linked fast she says
it's not one it's not let's close this
damn but it's pretty close to the eyes
eyes are definitely hey tell me time the
doctor says that we should be doing
tummy time what three times a day three
times a day and sometimes sometimes
really good for like one maybe two times
a day so we're gonna make a conscious
effort to make sure she gets our three
times a day because miss Penelope here
that's kind of a big head you gonna help
her with their tummy time keep Koecher
oh that's not how you know she's gotta
be a little breathe you have dirty hands
too oh you need to tell me time to okay
let's see good job
Susie is your brother has done yeah yeah
I feel like I've seen some babies that
are like two weeks old emergency our
babies take some more
with Drive it pretty well but like this
yes are you watching YouTube kids
cussing some J house vlogs I don't look
I talk about yet but say I'm aside to
not go to warm today to end his to it's
gonna go tomorrow commuters ran at a
time doing other stuff so we came to the
pool ah yes
she's tired again today I like to sleep
no I was currently in the pool and he
found a squirt gun and isn't squirting
everyone well booger he's swimming cause
he's always asking us to my third but I
don't swim yet I've got a baby to watch
uh-huh uh-huh I've got a baby to watch
also guys this little onesie she's
wearing is like three to six months and
if it's pretty good just saying big baby
hashtag big and beautiful show me what
you have yeah okay yeah yeah those for
me those for me no not me I'm filming on
another camera and the reason why today
I thought we would get the new g7x mark
to but Amazon let me down for about the
second or third time in my life I buy
almost everything through Amazon so I
have to forgive them but I was pretty
let down today to find out that my
pre-order is now back order the data
camera supposed to get out I contact
them I'm like hey I've got any shipping
update so just wondering if everything
is going all right because kind of felt
like things weren't turns out its back
ordered like one to two months and they
said I won't get it till mid-july
I was like that's why i pre-ordered it
that's why I did it with you guys cuz I
always trust you guys so I just ordered
it through a different website but I
haven't gotten any shipping confirmation
from them yet either and that kind of
concerns me we're trying to get all of
our stuff that we have to get done here
right now and so Jen's been taking the
kids out a lot so I can get most of that
done which is really nice I'm really
productive because when no one can help
you around I just want to hug them and
squeeze them and I one just want to
tackle Jen and wrestle that's kind of
weird but it's true so Jen's with them
right now we're gonna be gone a long
time so we just have to make sure
everything's complete or else our trip
will be kind of hectic and crazy since
jenna is the kids I thought I would make
dinner we're gonna do some fajitas
so these flour tortillas I love cooking
up the flour tortillas like this if you
get them at most grocery stores I think
they taste so much better they taste
authentic to me like when I go to a
Mexican restaurant and I just love them
so I'm gonna go cook that up right now
for them before they get home sorry if
that last clip of shaky and that instant
lodging on it is the dinner you with
tail and the water you go soon anything
yeah yeah no where did you swim swim
swim soon was it fun yeah
could you swim
well done with the purse over it'll be
ready
okay every night Noah's been picking out
some things to sleep with they help him
fall asleep he also is good with them in
the morning stays in bed for another
20-30 minutes
what are you sleeping with tonight Noah
you got your bone we gonna bat and for
balls is that were you sleeping with the
night update still don't know where my
doppelganger is I haven't posted it to
read it yet but I think I'm going to
also I ordered the camera the g7x mark 2
on a different website and it should be
here it says by 10:30 a.m. tomorrow so
I'll wake up couple hours later Oh be
here just good because the buttons on
this camera doesn't even work anymore so
to even delete footage and just access
things it's kind of just inconvenient
all around so when we're out and we run
out of space kind of becomes a problem
can't wait
also just got word from Shea that
tomorrow the slip-and-slide
there is a lot going on orbs tons of
inflatable stuff party things and it
should be pretty fun I'm gonna bring my
drone and also a good camera and try and
get some really good footage and I'm
excited thanks for watching today guys
only a couple more days and we're flying
out of here I've never been so excited
to see family it's gonna be great
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood Oh camera Hey
with
