how does Darth Vader talk remember no
whoa
let's good luck boy I want this chip
instead you want to scoop it instead of
dunk it these are like diamond chips huh
no it's breaking it a little swimming
pool it's hot out here
every night I check to you from other
things it's not that's right you see
this hot weather it feels like it's like
85 out here to me what is it what does
that NOAA - - and say train choo choo
train huh
I like moulting out here I'm hoping
it'll get rid of my farmer's tan but
well hoping you and my farmers stand for
the wedding okay
what are we gonna go do no no Alice
we're gonna get your hair cut right
yeah we're gonna attempt we're gonna
attempt I've got some candy and
hopefully I'm a good hairstylist he
doesn't mind a grandkid
look how handsome he is he did so great
you guys say look I got a haircut he did
so great not the only cry at the very
beginning but then it was funny huh it
didn't hurt at all he was so brave and
it's so great now it's just a little
itchy but we're gonna get some ice cream
get the itches off okay let's do it the
ice cream cuz you're a good boy huh
don't eat the candy out of it
Hey eat your ice cream we go why want
water okay I'll get you some water
this hair just go straight though so
it's hard to push it to the side you
look so nice
mr. can be out
you don't eat all the candy this your
ice cream dance guys boom dance huh
Cheers pink right thank you
Oh what show me no one who are you yes
you cut your hair huh I cut your hair
they have a machine yeah
did it go like this
they did it
he said my mama's that PHA he let them
put the cape on him and everything well
didn't unusually but I forced them to
you a good boy huh would you do after
you tell day will you ate what do you
eat what you eat after Noah would you
get for a treat ice cream
it's the ice cream okay do you like your
hair yeah you see what Instagram video
show me the back of it I came here I had
her not I did have it go a little bit
longer on the sides because that's my
felt it was a little too short on the
sides so she was able to like clean it
up and everything
wow dude that's trash huh so we knew it
Joe here hold this like an investor yes
I've already seen in yesterday's why I
put a new intro I got the intro to
evolve and also have different versions
I had to go with the same song and just
felt like home and watching the clips I
was like getting clips together it's
kind of get a little emotional because I
just love you guys so much it's like two
seconds away from me and done right now
Lynch oh yeah so often I get tweets from
you guys I mean for example right here
Aaron said recently went to Disneyland
and I had to stop and take a picture
with who Noah who is that Stewart charm
so I like to always show know your
tweets when you say hey I saw storage
because he loves seeing him dude your
cheeks are so red that distorts - yeah
we just went to the park together and no
one made me wear a bike helmet even
though I didn't ride a bike I was just
yeah it's stories so there you go Aaron
thanks for the
you made this little guys day I George
said how they dark yeah
how does darth vader talk remember no I
am your father
we got a tweet from Dan as well what is
that you can't even see what it Foley is
what is that though dog a torch
yep can you see a stormtrooper ah okay
let's see Natalie tweeted me this video
and some other people have it's these
girls excited for the garbage man have
you seen this yeah yeah I don't think
you have though Oh who's that yeah the
garbage truck and they gave him Gatorade
they're saying that that's something you
would do Noah do you want to give the
garbage man Gatorade that you love him
huh that's an awesome video Araceli
Arizona another's darts let's see do we
have any oh my Nicole sent this tweet in
look at how many storages there are
that's on one painting I got queued
freaked out I don't think we can put
that in your room huh some choco tacos
oh what's that hot dog yeah Brooke sent
you a picture of a storage you see
others torches here see any others yeah
where Oh who's that that's sissy huh Oh
deleted that tweet
well Kayla that was an awesome dress let
me see your new sandals
I heard that was cute wow I might've mom
might have gone to uh maybe they were
having a sale most it was on sale I
think there's one dress was not that
PJ's gonna wear for the wedding I'm so
excited I'm gonna do a little all Navy
Hall tonight after the kids are asleep
but now since I went to Old Navy to have
a little time with me and PJ okay watch
out there's a car I mean they're gonna
put outside dad took him to the park but
couldn't run
whose arms are full of Noah and bikes
and stuff that sunset though looks like
a watercolor painting look at that
rainbow of fiery red and orange so
pretty I can move up the sky soon as I'm
watching the game
cause you just texted me and said I'm
coming to your house because a national
best friend day and we have to take a
picture for national best friend day
because we're best friends so we're
going to take a picture for nationals a
friend a for the BBFS look okay look at
this
what new camera hopefully comes tomorrow
or the next day this one is so jacked up
I should take a picture but it looks
like right now but it has lasted us a
good year which should last for much
yeah but I mean for how much we use it
and crazy children for real including
this one okay yeah okay so as you guys
know we're going to a wedding and a
couple weeks two weeks yeah I'm telling
Haley oh my gosh so Jenna had a little
mission today I went when I took Noah
when you guys saw me on the computer
with Noah we had just gotten back from
the park we were just waiting for her to
get home and we're gonna eat dinner and
Jen went to the store and got some
wedding outfits for the kids so it's you
I said everything is like 50% off today
on sale so the time I said we buy
clothes for Noah three times a year that
was a lie because we just got him
somewhere but he needed them for he's a
growing boy and needed him for the
wedding so this is what John has so far
and we might historia so Star Wars swim
trunks didn't fit him so this is for
this season yeah and then next season
held the Star Wars one yeah well when
your bowels are just flowing you never
know when they might go thought he's
going to have another pair yes it takes
the picture to Haley I was like this is
Peter's outfit I hope she doesn't show
you up wear this it's not-- door winning
but I think it'll be cute if he has a
little tie
I'd initially thought like it'd be super
cute if Noah wear a full suit but it's
gonna be out outside the kid sweats and
yeah we'll give him a little tie hello
cute he's gonna love it so we should
have had the camera rolling when Jenna
initially pulled this out because know
every single piece of clothing Noah was
like whoa he wanted to wear it right
then I think it's because he saw tail
get some clothes the other day and to I
was like excited about everything he was
getting so that's incredible because
when I was a kid I hated clothes like I
hated shopping for my mom she just put
some of my closet without telling me and
if I wore it then we kept it and if I
didn't she would take it back some comfy
pants for traveling earlier watching the
game yeah and then just use tank top for
four dollars literally so I figured oh
yeah he's looking on his tank tops
t-shirts yeah I got some sometimes but
you might seems okay this outfit every
day
yeah that's pretty cute it's in the rest
of summer basically because they're so
cute and that's Jenna would say her
favorite item she got today the game
clothes kind of dangerous yeah don't go
oh baby you don't so spend money the
kids are set for our little trip coming
up I'll be leaving in a couple of days
that's the summer
she says she's done but I see something
I know once we're out there we gotta get
PJ a little Cubs outfit for the game
because we all have our outfits actually
she did have a onesie yeah we'll check
that out but pretty excited especially
at the wedding we really hope the kids
enjoy the trip I think they will we've
been facetiming our family and stuff and
we exchanged messages and videos with
the cousins today and he's so excited
and every day we're like we're gonna go
on a plane
soon you ready like you excited yeah so
we'll see how it goes it's gonna be any
day now time to do laundry make sure we
have a clean house when we leave because
that's Jen's favorite thing to return to
and just get everything ready so the
next couple of days I'm gonna get my
suit finalized tomorrow we'll probably
go down to Salt Lake the next day will
be doing the slip and slide and then
we'll be packing and getting ready to go
so we've got a fun couple days and
pretty excited see you guys tomorrow bye
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood he got a haircut so
he gets ice cream and he didn't cry once
