good morning whoa crazy here
do we have crazy here kind of this clip
is proof remember that other day when
that's not sure what's up good-looking
how's your workout partying and pooping
there I'm partying they're proving C hi
say good morning good morning I'm so
happy I have my two month appointment
today yeah hey Noah Noah we have to go
to the doctor today
is that cool we're gonna get your skin
looked at okay try and help you out so
it doesn't like it hurt anymore okay
you're gonna go with me and and sisters
gonna go with mommy okay you're gonna go
with me is it okay yes yeah mommy's back
oh you tryin to roll over
slow your roll girl she's so happy yeah
hey look at you girl working on that
next drink her hair looks like like a
60s boyband haircut and everything oh
you're cute I think all our kids need
little trim actually she's fun this guy
Jedi over here we gotta get your hair
cut before we go on our trip okay it's
that cool Noah are you sure you're good
with that go get your hair cut and it's
the minister Danny was like I don't know
about that
laughing he's smiling she didn't bother
me
hey should we get your haircut today huh
what about tomorrow we were playing on
tomorrow do you want to go tomorrow hot
yeah do you remember the fire last night
we lose the fire like at the restaurant
hi
where are we going oh yeah we're going
look at his alleys oh we're taking them
to the dermatologist and PJ's two-month
appointment is actually at the same time
so we're gonna divide and conquer
because I was only times that we're
available for both women's
yeah we're gonna show him all your
alleys no skin is actually he's having a
good skin week right now I've been using
this like this healing stick from
perfectly posh it's a brand that my
friend told me about that's actually
been working but there's just it he just
gonna have all summer so I want to see
if there's anything that will work more
long-term we're just gonna say I'm going
to have them look at it was skin even
though he's not telling you like the big
flare-ups right now just see if there's
something that'll help or they might
just say keep doing what you're doing
because there's nothing to really cure
eczema ha have you think I think
Penelope is probably over over 12 pounds
over 12 points yes do you think she's in
like a high percent away tonight yes I
think should at least in the eighties
these ladies Noah was 12 pounds at one
month so I was yeah oh yeah so I'm
assuming she's a half 12 pounds that's
what I'm saying that cuz like she seems
pretty big
she's like the size of a couple of my
friends three month old babies so I bet
she's well over 12 pounds we'll see
it'll be fun to get her checked out see
how she's doing
no idiot would you know worked only time
clipping her heads a little flat good
for the doctor he says look I know he's
sitting right now
and you dance stupid you have your dad
so much right now Noah they are one of
the same those two are you like daddy
he's silly like daddy
yep one utility later to discuss how the
appointment went what I just did my fun
point me or lack of yeah so they the
dermatologist appointment didn't happen
because the salmon know were waiting an
hour like are in my entire appointment
with PJs yes now just goes for 15
minutes after Sam's and we were done way
before them so I felt so bad but I
talked about the pediatrician power P
attrition yeah going with a pool okay
we'll take your clothes off first and he
said it was probably best just to go to
allergy anyway like allergy department
because we want to get his allergy test
anyway and he he what was that he
specializes in eczema eczema however
people want to say it so we just cancel
that appointment because we're like we
made a guy here Noah getting pretty
antsy but PJ did really well at her
appointment she is another large child I
just scroll down to know about too much
job she is very healthy so she weighs I
was pretty right I guessed over 12 she
was 1214 and then she's over 24 inches
long so she is like 85% for weight 99
percent for height and about like 95 for
head circumference or something yes all
our children are just gonna be and was
on tall huge children amazonian know
whatever
oh joy berry some of the starters
returning pink oh we're trying to figure
out what Noah was because he was I
remember their things yes it is
instrumental so this one so 14 pounds
before long so they're about the same
length I told her she might have been
longer so I bet you never know I feel
like they can
quite get the height right because like
the baby's wiggling and it's like pull
their leg you know salchow be right but
he was big so he was three pounds more
than yes cuz he was twelve pounds at one
month so he is 14 14 pounds she was
she's 12 pounds oh she's like 12 almost
13 pounds oh my goodness so we have
really big beanies oh my gosh I think
part of it is because my babies don't
spit up so they don't lose any of the
food that they eat can I have something
to do with it is that why our babies are
huge because I don't spit up like I
don't carry burp cloths around because
my babies don't spit up knock on wood
like it's crazy they just eat everything
or I'm just destined to have a large
children we are above average in height
we are both above average in height
which means yeah it makes sense
we had some tall babies guys some big
tall strong babies our garden is coming
on nicely we've got some strawberries
turning pink there's another pink one
head under there so hopefully we can get
my little brother to water this for us
while we're gone so that I think keep
growing look at that big one growing
under there the cucumber plants I might
have some burned believes someone was
telling me not to water the leaves and I
think I killed them what are you eating
what is that what did you grab did you
take the strawberry off my mommy yes you
not - yeah guys we actually grew a
strawberry already and I was turning red
and we told him not to eat it and he
took it off and ate it and now he's
eating it he's just too cute for me to
get mad at right now see some you guys
were right
he said don't put water on top of the
plants because it will fry the leaves
that's definitely the case with this one
right here and then we gotta get these
strawberries we should have planted him
in a pot like you guys said we're
learning guys really the gardens going
alright hey we hear something and those
of you that predicted that Noah would be
the one that messed everything up you're
right and I think we predicted that as
well he loves the strawberries
he loves his strawberries let's see what
you did to yourself move your hand I
trusted him to call her on the paper Oh
me but uh that didn't happen were you
supposed to only color on the paper did
you color on yourself was mommy upset
no I wasn't that upset well my little
scooter right because it's so nice out
actually really hot but hey Mark its set
go
Oh careful yep let me see how pretty
princess you are I did this to know his
hair he thought it was hilarious but he
looks just like me as a toddler when it
yeah I didn't do that to his hair
because that's how I wore my hair my mom
always put a ponytail wait right there I
think I'm gonna take him tomorrow
morning or something oh you need a
haircut
I just wanted like the same length all
around it's trimmed we're watching some
voice before we go take a bath
and daddy's playing what's daddy playing
basketball so momma and Noah are doing
bed time today to take Noah fishing
there's this place where you can just
drop the line and it's like
automatically little fish how do you
react can't wait to get to the wedding
can't wait to get to New York the next
we're just counting down the days this
week we're heading to Idaho this week as
well we're gonna do a giant slip and
slide and that should be kind of crazy
I don't think Noah should go down it
unless we go like a little bit or like
oh those are dangerous we'll evaluate
how that goes but I'll go down it really
good on it oh no you don't have to I
don't think you look good in the sense
here no Jenna keeps thinking she's like
I'm so bloated I'm a girl you have been
not pregnant for two months
I look this way but she's eating good
she's been doing these like smoothies
with the Spinelli almond I'm the one
that's eating pop-tarts well I haven't
had a pop-tart in about a year I just I
realize like I haven't been running as
much as I remember I said it's true to
do it good and you keep saying you're
both their clothes are fitting better
eat snow yes but think about this it
takes your body know nine months to get
into that state where it's like wow I'm
ready to have a baby so how long are you
like two months yes 2016 they should
make a pillow just things that I
backgrounds like you would kill you
that's unhealthy sounds like a movie
we're both working at getting back to
our target wheats
I'm just feeling healthy and good about
ourselves because there's a difference
between me and like hailey yeah you look
great
but then feeling about yourself so I
know I'm feeling good about yourself so
I know how Jen eels
to some extent except I don't have the
excuse of birthday fathering fathering
which yeah I snuck away tonight played
some basketball felt good
how do I smell good I forgot to buy the
other I actually were you the other and
I noticed that you enjoy very different
smells than I do like your deodorants
like a Coco foo-foo like she enjoys very
what kind of smells do you like well I
enjoy smells that my mom likes I like
yeah I enjoy more like you know like my
Sears yeah that's it is spicy smells
spicy but you know like like if any of
you girls have smelled like Burberry
since I got hated by that I would hate
it she just like spicy I like I like
that too
but sometimes like people I think that
smells good but he'll think it's
disgusting no I like I always I got Jen
smells okay this is cool though I got
some more of this little french sodas
that you guys from France say there's
not a thing over there but I like him
and I like Ruby Ruby cranberry juice
wrapping up today's vlog do you notice a
difference between Penelope and Noah
at two months we went back and watched
that vlog of no at two months do you
feel like they're much different though
hi I was wondering if like Penelope was
smiling and as excited as much but well
no has always just been so active and
like really like like needed attention
that's true he's always loved that
one-on-one like but Penelope is usually
very content and like peaceful she kind
of likes being by yourself when she's
like happy and it's crazy I'm excited I
think now I need to go bathe and put
junseo on again because I still don't
know I forgot to get some today well
obviously that wasn't my first choice it
smells weird that's all they had don't
do you've smelled weird lately
Oh dork
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood no a little too much
those pictures oh now you smile and we
try to get me smile this whole time oh
goodness I got to get the camera and
capture that hey hey he's my again
please smile again if you love you to
smile to this camera and not my camera
I'm very upset by that mr. camera he's
just staring at it
I can't move your two-month-old how's it
feel to be 2 months old
good you learning about your body and
you're learning to kick some more
