oh my gosh hey tomorrow is kind of an
intense day we have two doctor's
appointments for the kids at the same
exact time because those were the only
ones that were open and we have to get
all this stuff before we leave because a
week from right this second we will be
in Illinois
guys the answer back
I can't stand it they're like everywhere
I've been like freaking out all day I
like cannot stand ants in my house Wow
they found a new way in by the front
door so they're all along here I've
cleaned like three times they're coming
in through this little hole right here
and it's just very annoying see there's
two ants right there oh there's another
one I know I'm thinking they're getting
on the actual carpet which is like
drives me even more insane because like
I can't even have my kids on the carpet
you know okay we got a vacuum him up he
wiped up that area like twice they have
made home in his playroom again more
ants they keep coming in and out of this
wall so we've got to get some more
hotels or just talk to the landlord and
try to get extra mayor or something I
know I just can't have this in my house
all summer I can't um you get so excited
no who is it trash truck
but to tell you the trash bye-bye trash
they just said bye-bye trash and wave to
the trash can the trash truck is here
here's a
the trash man's really nice and waves to
know every time
ba-bye - oh hello Rosie the garbage job
I just did it I'm nice I heard him come
down the street and ran no so we are
currently at Taylor's house we're the
only ones here do you open up to it I
guess it was some one day with some
family we got in here and she went to go
get him in the pool so we are still just
waiting for him to arrive anyway we're
live in their house right now some
things and after we leave here we're
gonna go celebrate day on birthday at
dinner with everyone look who just got
back
hello look at her face is bright red oh
my gosh the kt5 trail requested to hold
PJ so you my little Minnie Mouse okay I
can't have an Eric turn no you can hold
it for as long as you want
hey is that your friend
hi hey the fuse I threw what are you
doing here how'd you get here
kung fu man
are you giving your kisses - oh you're
so nice go what's the new word you know
what's the new work totty totty
we say to the camera that could hit me
at any moment so that was actually
really scared of my first time they did
it oh so going so now he's sitting over
there with Jen you were sitting with me
buddy prefers mom I'm sure she loves
yeah let's say you're probably happy is
with you and not me
Ronaldinho cooking
Oh
it feels like it's my birthday this kind
of meal that's why I love birthdays I
really do you better click that in his
day hounds mouth
Oh
Wow yeah she's really picked on Aaron
tonight
Wow let's get up this could not be more
perfect happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you
did
happy birthday - oh my gosh don't you
sing it for D thank you give me one good
job you're talking so much and you just
said see ya see ya
but I say see ya see ya
you look like Steph Curry right now
they see up if you're lucky you so much
crazy like by the end of the summers
really really baby no bye
he's happy and Apple are very similar
words right now slicing an apple to you
alright Bluetooth on your faces
everybody here comes
I promise to spot Janice and blurriness
is very temporary only a couple more
days and it will be gone
no got so scared of the fire again
tonight we went to that restaurant the
day that we moved to kind of celebrate
and just treat everyone that had helped
us with the move and I thought he might
be okay with the fire but like the first
one he was like um dad and you wanted no
part of it he wanted to leave the
restaurant then there we just talked to
him we said it's okay because we've told
him so much about like fire and just
temperature and that they're hot and
yeah stay away from it so when he felt
the heat of the fire he was like haha so
proud of my little dude he's definitely
listening to us and we talked him into
staying and then we sat another booth
and then he wanted to sit next to Jen
which Jen loved she feels like the
relationship is not different but just
that he's been preferring me lately so
it was a good night
tomorrow is kind of an intense day we
have two doctor's appointments for the
kids at the same exact time because
those were the only ones that were open
and we have to get all this stuff before
we leave because a week from right this
second we will be in Illinois having a
good time
it's beginning of our West meets East
trip so Penelope has her two month
doctor appointment and Noah has an
appointment with a dermatologist so what
it is believe so his skin really flares
up during the summer his eczema or every
pronounced that everyone it seems like
everyone has a different way of
pronouncing it it really flares up
during the summer we want to get him
help we've talked to a lot of doctors
but not one that's really about skin so
hopefully we can get to the bottom of it
I think I'll be taking Noah and Jen
Penelope and then hopefully one of us
will be able to meet up and I don't know
we'll see what happens but we'll keep
you guys updated it might be kind of
hard to film the appointment itself but
we'll hopefully find answers for Noah
and we'll learn more about how Penelope
is doing and how she's growing and her
time is just flying it's crazy
I probably look really tired I've been
editing and trying to work on some stuff
I need to go to bed oh yes we'll see you
guys tomorrow I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood ba ba ba ba
