all right they're climbing the summit
getting ready for the descent oh the big
kids are coming here they go together
here they go
we're having another morning outside and
yeah I know it was great
instead of being in the actual pool and
his water table I don't get you why
don't you get me out your pool Oh into
the bowl
nice job buddy oh so close
show me where you were hiding show me
where you were hiding
I was looking for no no I could not find
him and then I can't see really hear him
it was so funny except I could just see
his little face between those old cracks
and it was hilarious
Sammy's showering and then I get some
stuff to plant same wants to plant a
little mini garden in the backyard could
you have some dirt along the border of
the house where they didn't sprayed the
grass we have a little bit of the board
in front of the house so I think I'll
put some flowers and Sam wants to plant
a garden I think he wants to point like
jalapenos and stuff um so about a week
or so ago I think two weeks and I know
that's the word
names Frank eh called the C shop focus
there you go this he shot on Instagram
and fell in love guys
she makes the most beautiful felt flower
headbands I just I mean look at these
look at them look at how gorgeous this
is this is like my favorite one I told
her send me some of her best selling
ones then I could show you guys and
these are her two top selling ones
look how people it's just so many on her
site on her Etsy shop
so many people are always wondering like
what what Bo's what things are in TJ's
hair and like on Instagram and stuff you
can always like tap the picture I always
tag where the boat comes from cuz I've
had a lot of have another friend who
infamous Inc me some boats she's selling
you some new boats so I'll show those
when they come but these are just so
beautiful I'm obsessed
PJ's wearing this one today I love it so
much so if you guys are interested in
like felt flower headbands check hers
out cuz they're beautiful when she like
hand makes all of them she sent this one
for a fun 4th of July 1 look at how cute
it is anyway it's just been passed out
on our bed for like the past over two
hours probably so I just had a lot of
good bonding time with Noah but I'm just
excited to get her dressed and put this
flower on her head because it's so cute
handle it what happened huh I just can't
let Noah see the more I'll still think
then hi hi so I'll probably take a
picture of PJ when I use it once
soon earlier oh my gosh well she's awake
now can a brother probably have I always
tag whatever she's wearing I'll tag the
page good brother she doesn't really
want that she probably wants hmm she
brought a lot some food ok go good to
have daddy help you put your shorts on
them or go get flowers okay did you have
a nice long nap better you're glowing
maybe God can take your flour add verdes
little baby but you look extra chunky in
there already so she's getting so big oh
hi hi do you diaper change yeah put your
shorts on get some flowers yeah
that your sister we just we just watched
her being born all right got a little
family outing today yeah yeah I know I
loves flowers right now what are those
called Noah
we decided that since we actually have a
house that we should get flowers because
it's not like we're in apartments
anymore
so we're gonna plant some flowers or
hang some flowers and then I also want
to get a garden going because we always
had Gardens growing up my mom and dad
still do my grandparents really good at
that
so we're spec looking around right now
whatever we want so many beautiful
flowers okay no you got to pick out one
you like me that one Jenna really wants
to get one thing up more than anything
she keeps talking about how she wants to
hang him I'm like well yeah make sure
those are supported correctly gotta do
some research goes first do you feel
that and these like the rabbit ears I
totally had to hold on to my hand cuz
we're like a perky Latin eat Oh be
gentle dude just feel it is it soft
that's pretty cool huh it's like a
rabbit ear
yeah let's keep going this is what I'm
excited about right here
vegetables on plants and veggies like
tomato something easy to grow peppers
cucumber
well jalapeno would be nice maybe a
pumpkin some pumpkins so you're gonna
have some pumpkins in October will suit
all for this greenhouse pala pan your
plants that's what I'm talking about
some Tomatoes I feel like we've always
just done seeds these are like already
growing it's like a head start
hi mister I must already doing over
there easy to go I posted on Twitter I
was like what something easy to grow
even though I knew most the answers I
just wanted to see what people like to
grow and a lot of people say we should
get some spice like a little like a
launch or different things yet also
spice it up yeah makes the garden smell
bitter I guess just be fun to have then
we can use them in our cooking yeah
peppers tomatoes we've done a cucumber
one for sure we also need to think of
our space and also sure we don't have
that much space no and we also need to
get like a one of those plants that help
keep bugs away oh yeah yeah thank you
it's not orange when your sister had
those flowers anyway okay wait wait wait
yeah that's definitely spices herbs we
obviously are not gardeners I feel like
we're kind of cheating buying them
because usually it's fun to plant the
seed but you know first-timers see how
it goes
this is exciting though strawberry Jen
look they're already growing we're
sitting here and we're like this Hydra
seed even doing anything
that just looks dead and then we looked
closer and what did we see grass
sprouting will soon have grass all right
so we won't with some peppers some
strawberries some tomatoes cucumbers
look cucumbers oh no and we're gonna
plant these we're super native this and
like I said I feel like we're cheating
because most of them are tea grown and
we just have to make sure it's an good
soil and planted but that's what we're
gonna do right now we got this little
watering jug so no it can help water
every morning no I was trying to take
over right now then we also got some
tools so you can help right now
in gardening okay with us we look so
professional dirt on we're gonna break
it up we're gonna plant some stuff oh
these are for a ball Oh basil apparently
because they're batting gloves like Wow
oh no every time they're playing
baseball you know tighten their gloves
and stuff Nomar Garciaparra
I'm currently have this girl strapped to
me I'm still trying to get the hang of
wrapping this thing to my body I still
don't think I do it quite right I've
looked at the YouTube videos but I
missed a but it's working progress
oh yeah but it's more like here that's
over here in the bunnies don't put it
too close no no no no yeah like more
yeah I get more there
good job babe my little gardening man
another soil good job no I'll keep
mixing it up there's just a cute little
mini garden yeah put those at the front
of the house
I'm so excited yeah I get the large
rocks out of there yeah I guess we'll
find out
I mean honestly nothing might grow but
it's just fun I guess we're to try we're
learning we're the dry go or just do it
I thing you win from their experiences
hu I said once we like buy a house well
his sister Christine actually just built
these like big garden boxes that'd be
fun to have yeah nice and sweaty oh yeah
Sam's dripping hey I'm just ripping it
is hot today I think it's definitely
been in like the 90s today good job my
little garden or boy is boys we have
progress looks a little messy but it's
perfect just like us a little messy oh I
love it
someone over here is getting a little
hungry so big guys my baby's getting so
big already look at that belly
Sam's watering it from the pool water
love it I love it my dreams are coming
true I wanted to go capture the sunset
with the drone real quick so I went out
and I actually found out I could live
stream on Facebook with it so I tried to
do that as well I can actually do it on
YouTube I'm going to do that next so I
was flying my drone around and I look
over in this this other date flying a
drone I was like what that's crazy
drum Bruce and he started walk over and
started to talk to me during my
livestream
yeah I'm actually on Facebook right now
broadcasting it oh and now I've just
talked to him for like the past hour
about drones and stuff and he's like a
thousand times smarter than me it's
insane what he does he has planes
helicopters drones so I told him that
next time he flies he needs to let me
know especially his plane because I want
Noah to come over and and watch it
because he just loves planes so cool
story bro
that was pretty interesting I'm just
made a friend his name is Parr winter
tomorrow oh boy let's just eat it on
those stairs you can't really see gonna
go down no it's wet oh he pinned him up
and I go down just go down the stairs
- I think Becca no oh gosh do you make
friends it smells like poop did you did
you poop any thanks p.m. these guys are
all like good he's stuck same age like
yeah yeah barely
it's like six months apart I think no I
do want to go down the side so cute
Derek's from right you and Ashley's
family is here it's been really fun and
keep well Sam she was just saying Sam so
good to be playing with all the babies
over there you just buy all the babies
just entertain themselves right
I don't really there's no event Bree and
Eric bought one of these for the answer
and the school fun party miss and just
kept it then rest of the weekend I
thought you were telling me yeah well
okay sure that's fun with that you
brought home some Olive Garden today I
was right
oh wow that's nice I gotta go my friend
you see ya
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood okay okay no I'm
done I'm done I'm done
it's daddy put it away Noah it's all
bye-bye
look at Naomi's gonna go for you turn
you turn you go away like a little like
rag doll every time he no oh up there
Larry
