good morning everyone oh my gosh I look
it's okay you don't need shoes I'll
carry you okay I'll go search shooting
TJ and I was robbed on Instagram and
stuff because that's right do PJ that or
playing games and found out it's
national donut day so we're doing it
some donuts so I don't know how many of
you follow me on Twitter but I had
tweeted last night that uh you know
sometimes Noah
I'm not his favorite let's just throw
out there currently in this phase of his
life he's a huge daddy's boy which I
love and I'm totally fine with half the
time wants nothing to do with me oh yeah
mom I like you but then when I'm like
open up kiss never hug can I like can i
play with you crap and he's like oh so
yesterday I was a little hormonal and a
little like very emotional yesterday for
some reason so it really upset me kind
of sad sometimes when your kids doesn't
really want and make me to do with you
that day and so yesterday was one of
those days most days you know I'm just
like it's okay that's just no it was
just in a really big daddy's face
understand that and he's just adjusting
you know it hurt but so I decided today
me know would do a few things with just
me and Noah and that dad would be with
just PJ I'm gonna start doing that a
little bit cuz I do I take know with
like out every single day and we go do
something but PJ is always with us but
most of the time peaches is sleep on
morale and so it's easy for me to just
be focused no but we want just me and
Noah so we're gonna start doing stuff
like that throughout the week and just
have a little bonding time so that he
doesn't so that maybe he'll choose me
wasn't all the poem to bed I used to
just be me putting him to bed and in
like because he wanted me to come to bed
but now since PJ's been born he's owned
one
Samson likely I won't beat about two so
anyway I was a boob last night and
hormonal but you know being all
emotional yesterday was kind of good in
the way because it I have some good
thinking time last night when I was in
bed there's like a parade going on or
something I'm a red light stuck because
there's cops blocking off the light oh
there's like a run thing going what is
this there's someone carrying a torch a
little torch what's this for torch the
fire torch there's so many people
running right now anyway it helped me
realize that like if I'm not happy with
something that I can change it so that's
why I'm really focusing on me and our
time and like when we are playing whilst
this or the city to not like be getting
on my phone and to just like focus on
him and us and finding opportunities to
just bond together so they won't have
change go good donuts together huh yeah
there's so many people running right now
see though it's like all blocked off for
all those runners have no idea what all
those runners are doing it's interesting
though there's a lot they have a hole
cut parade yo you see a truck those are
big trucks on nothing like celebrating
with a rainbow donut ah you've never had
like an entire donut to himself so he's
pretty much in heaven because I usually
give him a half or a quarter but today
I'm like yeah let's party it's already
70 degrees out and it's only 10:00 in
the morning
is it too much you just want to eat it
I'll let you figure it out hey I love
you oh thanks
Sam's also been last night was very
comforting when I was a little upset
he's like trying to figure out things
that know what I can do like a lot
tomorrow you guys you have to lunch or
also with PJ you take Noah some
so it's been he's been thinking it's not
at all no just this one this one's yours
for now okay
hey where are we going palace and where
we're going with tail do pool Tati
texted me this morning said let's go to
the pool and I said no I can't go there
yeah I'm still way too scared and she
was like Jen they were just happy that
you I talked to them they're happy that
you said something human and I was just
like I'm just still so first I'm still
and now I'm just like terrified and I
was gonna do it again
because even he was like like a loner
versus like no like I don't want to go
swimming
he said that pick a lot like my tail but
he wants a POJO but he didn't want to go
to the pool another nap at the pool for
this one
look how long her hair is because it's
crazy good cute girl summer outfit good
job together doing really good okay I'm
watching time
knows usually we don't usually have no
go in the big pool but I'm sitting on
the stairs and he's only only allowed to
jump to there good job there you go good
case went back to the stairs
good job he's determined to hold on to
that ball the whole time
I'm scare he first walked into mic no
okay wait let's put your lifejacket on
them we were looking for a place to sit
and then I hear a splash and then look
over and Noah is underwater
he's completely underwater and like
kicking his legs and I'm like oh my gosh
I like I go into overdrive of course and
I jump in after him like in my skirt
just soaked and like with everything on
I like just jumped in and grabbed him
out luckily he had held his breath the
entire time so we didn't took on any
water which I'm grateful for
so I would have been scared of like a
hand drowning the entire rest of the day
so luckily he didn't choke that he but
he was like completely underwater
thinking he could float because he's so
used to wearing his life vest he just
thought it was honor that he could float
without it and so now I need to remember
to make sure he has it on before we
entered the pool premises because that
nearly gave me oh my gosh I thought I
was about to like I was like shaking I
was shaking after that I was like
freaking out
I called Sam and told him and I was like
I'm terrified right how many more things
knock on wood please nothing else it was
so scary I've never had something like
that happened yet and so it was like
terrifying I'm grateful that like he has
a license though because and that it
works but he's comfortable enough that
he thinks he's wearing all the time and
thinks he can swim when he can't but
he's doing good now he didn't scare him
already gonna cry at all I love my
little summer baby look at this little
outfit this one was once upon a time a
bus isn't it so cute I can't handle your
cuteness
also this man just keeps tanning
spread-eagle it's very awkward
ah it's beautiful day for a picnic I
think this is her first this isn't our
first picnic we've ever had is it no oh
yeah we've done some a lot in the past
in the past
definitely a summer thing the one thing
that we forgot I was like hey let's go
get KFC even though we don't ever eat
KFC but it's always good for a picnic
and we forgot plates sir improvising
with the lids for noah and he's got a
little bit of germs from that table
we've got your booster seat to a real
picnic would have been on a blanket
that's what we should have done i've
been easier for you to eat it's like a
perfect night though are you enjoying
the nice weather hi hi this morning I
was getting the biggest smiles out of
her being so strong I know huh oh she's
smiling at me right now please daddy huh
grace daddy she's just staring at you
also this is my favorite Park in the
summer because look at those willow
trees they're beautiful oh hi Daddy
hi what's up do you want to go run
around the park to this monkey man just
wants to climb up the slides careful
please okay no no no no guns no storage
no torching other kids you know climb up
okay let's see how high you can go
go in the middle go in the middle one
don't figure this out
what two-year-old does this seriously oh
my gosh Noah to the top
ha whoa well I know that cool oh my gosh
Sam I can't anyone saying no no good job
just hang in there is she beautiful
this is the sky
I want one from you
one from you Oh
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood yesterday I tweeted
it out the sanika Olympics are coming
back
August 5th that's when the Summer
Olympics start we did our own little
like competition last time during the
Winter Olympics so we're bringing it
back when they do tons of challenges
we're gonna include friends family we
might keep it like Sam versus Jen and
then I'll have like teammates and
general have teammates but we'll do all
sorts of different events and probably
like preliminaries leading up to the San
Mecca Olympics it should be a lot of fun
but I got a lot of ideas from all those
challenges you guys are posting will
still do one like before then and
probably multiple maybe we can get the
kids involved so if you guys haven't
seen the Samak Olympics I'll put a link
to the playlist of when we did that like
two years ago it was pretty funny those
good times it was when we were still
expecting Noah and we had a lot of fun
with it
