can you say day school's out for summer
okay get in is it gold yeah we'll warm
up let's see how cool dessert now oh
yeah that's pretty cool pretty cold it's
morning and we filled up the pool and
the water is really cold but by
afternoon I think we'll probably be a
good temperature and no definitely be
enjoying it The Sun feels hat feels
about like it's 80 degrees or something
right now it's just a matter of time
before you don't want to get out okay
you gonna jump in really oh my goodness
oh just get so cold here fill the water
I'm at a safe distance I don't get it Oh
walking right in ah my sup cool girl
you're not cool girl your pool girl gaga
oh my goodness you're here you look like
a little California baby I got really
wet outfit I got her to like smiles so
big this running too hey this is like I
think the real world oh you're not like
seeing the real world mom lookit my have
this kiss mm-hmm hey something weird are
you excited to have your own little pool
look at that thing dancing awww man your
parents love you so much that cost us so
much money I was like two or three
dollars don't splash it out crazy me in
or your vehicle oh oh he's like halfway
ready to give it Oh crazy and dancing
I think we've started on to something
it's like Coachella or burning man or
something like that's right you bring a
bunch of little tiny pools fill them up
with ice-cold water put on some awesome
music and just started dancing way down
in it Noah no yeah it's really yeah okay
are you doing special change the what oh
that's a great day it's Jackson woods
birthday you said the year shreya IV
heroes James got new Mike's we could
stream better yeah so he's excited in
this what's up everybody you're
listening to the voice smooth jazz jazz
WBBM 90-foot one WBU and go report Oh
puppies here sister sleeping them
leaving her with dad for the first time
so should be would not be the first time
sorry now for the first time just like
shots like I'm like I'm going farther
than I'm going farther than down the
street hey I'm so yeah what's all this
shape yeah I didn't I didn't mean the
first time I meant like I'm driving like
10 minutes well I'm just going like the
next door just did just keep the hole
deeper just to all right I'm gonna go
you have fun look my favorite rosser
love you ok ok so i guess i'll explode
i'm doing um i went to the park and took
noah with our friend hey sorry i feel
like i'm in the car because i need to go
find lining fabric to go underneath my
dress for Haley's wedding activate a
seamstress and she said that she would
go and friends and fabric but i would
have to go ok be easier if i was there
too um i'm just gonna go try and find
some on my own and then just take it to
her house so she doesn't have to do that
and we can take that out of like adding
on costs you know like her travel so I'm
gonna go try to find some fabric
hopefully it goes well wish me luck
so out of my element right now these are
the fabric choices of skin tone
hopefully I find one that's close enough
to me yikes oh boy okay so I think this
is the closest we're going to get to my
skin tone it looks really pink it's not
that pink wickets it's just a little
wall its way lighter than my arm but my
arms are pretty dark so hopefully like
it matches my chest a little bit it was
the only one close enough hopefully it
just it works out I mean it's better
than nothing so we'll see how it goes
uh-huh okay ah check that out what are
those called slowly rap oh wait wait oh
sorry no what is that the truck leavin
yeah there he goes you say hi to him
yeah uh Jen start trying out the soly
rap so it's cool i just bought one for a
while we travel to see how i like it
because it feared be easier than the
carrier right now cuz she's kinda in
between carrier side yeah still pretty
small so we'll see Oh looks pretty comfy
yeah lot of fabric though Monica you
look like a Jedi haha little bit rate
yeah I'm kind of a baby you might be
carrying a dead x yeah I am care jitter
Sam hid this blue one a lot a while ago
and it's still there yeah it's something
in the glove you want yes I guess is
like the most realistic one that would
fit into all right although it doesn't
have any market lately well what do you
mean you had to up there I need the
burqa oh gotcha no I do you uh-huh yeah
uh-huh
about this game to do I the challenge
yeah we're gonna try it out hey don't
know oh you have you big on thank you
like making me hey you ready to play
today we were playing wet head and what
you do is you put this on your head and
you spin I think you spin it around and
then one of the time we take turns
pulling one out and then you swap at the
helmet I'm gonna go first you ready to
play okay pull one out you pull one out
pull it out oh there you go okay now
it's your turn to wear it tell me to
pull one out oh you pulled one out
you're still safe
I feel like I need to get the right
angle for this look him back baby hello
I have been channeling my inner grandpa
Henderson he passed away when I was in
my mission actually give him a hug and I
was like that might be it huh I don't
need a good okay trilliant sad baby no
it was uh yeah now that I'm thinking
about things it is kind of sad but my
grandpa always had a recording studio in
his basement he had a band until he was
until he passed away really about
Byron's bass in a band and they would
always record songs journal reunion and
he is on little band and instruments so
I have graded my setup I'm like a radio
DJ now seriously i have this mike
excited about it Matt philly would
cringe at my desk I need to get it all
cleaned up I'm gonna get it all
organized but then I got this that it
hooks up into and then there's also
something in the back now I can
broadcast you straight from the sam
cooke vlogs household well you can
really hear it because i'm using this
mic but it's cool huh is it oh it's like
yeah you can actually like get it
mounted into your desk or that is just
like that pretty easily so i went to
this music store today in town I didn't
know it existed either and that the
people are really nice yeah we talked to
audio cables for a minute so I'm gonna
learning new stuff which is kind of fun
it's a fun little hobby to have I guess
now we have to do a amazing live stream
Jen a night at our household we can you
board games not screen yeah we're all at
one place for those guys played there
was just let Jim Miller night where
people are playing board games for 24
hours straight to raise money is kind of
cool actually and then this one well you
take this off and then you put this on
for like instruments and things so it's
pretty cool so now that I have
everything hooked up I just Athey that
this room cleaned up again I had it
cleaned up and then we were like trying
to figure out how we're
organism if we're gonna put the bed in
here still deciding I think we should
put it in here yeah we go eventually
have to be in here I'm just thinking
Wars no space for your family guy thing
that stinks is this is the hottest room
and it doesn't help that there's like
hot electronics in it yeah it just gets
hotter yeah and obviously like we turn
the AC on it is nothing to this room I
close the vent downstairs in the living
room so that Aaron come up here and it
doesn't figure it out maybe there's a
mouse in the bed there's something in
there I'm goodness I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
