in the news I love Christmas
oh gee and mom brought each truck full
of goodies for the kids
oh well that's this well that's it turn
it gonna turn one of our friends is
giving things away and she turned turn
sister all right there you go
turn turn turn
whoa Thank You Go Go Go Go
let me just say that this is perfect
because someone that wants something
kind of similar it's much later in the
day my mom and I bought all of the
groceries we got them all done this is
gonna be my dad make him eat his heart
oh no Wyatt from the mummy or something
what was it Brown released a movie where
he Scorpion King where he goes inside
and brings out her baby so it's like
pumping in his hand
nice doing yeah yeah then I do it back
let me make each other eat the heart
anyway look all the groceries we think
we're good for lunches
most of the dinners and the main
Christmas dinner so that's good it's
pretty penny but it's worth it to have
all this fun family in town right now so
it's exciting tonight we're having
spaghetti Matt's family is almost here
meatballs are almost done cooking the
girls Brits almost done cooking and then
yeah mom and then yeah we'll see what we
did Nate that once you tied we'll just
hang out but we have lots of games and
stuff to do but month's note you guys
think of her brown hair no say mean
things wouldn't you a goof brown hair
mom went Brown and now we actually look
related it is still weird though get
used to it I think you know what is the
happiest of everyone so many people are
playing with him Andrew my dad he's in
heaven
everyone's here and those already
recruited everyone to play games with
him there we go
babies are are you playing with less
than two months no oh my gosh look at me
and I gotta have a pic in here
true I need to take a shower it's
listing okay just not want to be our
baby
no sorry looks like finish that's like
the big mystery right well we're gonna
find out what for having a white girl in
two weeks two weeks or less and then the
big question blonde hair dark hair blue
eyes brown eyes green eyes purple eyes
blue and brown eyes
sorry I'm sorry my son
sup femke tonight here let's checking in
with y'all we're doing enter the random
Hadees gotta try it at some point in
their life oh my gosh that's disgust
mint curly oh yeah okay turn and kiss
just turn your head and make it through
it no turn not the TV dad put in that
machine that thing no no in put it weird
saying that my death caught on pretty
quick dad what's going on here cool yeah
you feel like it's like I'm great wow
it's light now yeah you did you feel
like you're in here you can put out your
finger put out your finger that's pretty
cool just be just your finger to land on
your finger how are you that bad see
that's pretty cool
that's pretty cool okay swing it around
the better fight still there
oh gosh so scary I've never done this
every one of these look up Haley look
hello don't do it you're coming early
if you don't look up it's harder you
have to keep always watching no you
don't I'm here in the kitchen where
we've stored the gingerbread house two
years ago I think this tradition has
been long withstanding within your
family but we always eat olives so we
went got this at world market what was
it nine dollars yeah for a whole thing
of peppers and olives
and then two years ago for Christmas I
remember we went and all got this like
really spicy beef jerky
I think we've logged that actually you
guys can go back and watch this so we
just got some mango and picante
Selam flips but tomorrow night I'm
trying to think is this its own separate
video or is it's in the blog I don't
know we're gonna do the hot ones wing
challenge you like clips true we have
the last app the Megadeth sauce all hot
sauces from this last season of hot ones
and I think I'm doing it Andrews gonna
do it
Matt's gonna do it Rachel's that she's
gonna do it Tyler's gonna do it you know
definitely no one else you're deadly
might right Haley definitely that's just
kidding
so I just want to get Matt warmed up
with a little zombie apocalypse us do
that doesn't sound too uh I think this
is three or four honest you ready for
the hot ones challenge already yeah
you're gonna chicken out are you gonna
do it I need my sinuses to be drained
are you gonna eat the whole chicken wing
or just take a bite or nibble I'll
probably take a big knife oh I think we
need to set so we can we get you we
should do eating one half of it yeah
that's kind of chop no skin on my weight
are you gonna do the Halloween challenge
okay this is uh what do you like more
drums or wings like drumsticks you like
drum 100 machines
I'm winging them I'm wings under percent
mostly comments what you like more wings
or drumsticks will order them because
you can at the place of no return from
it's just on the street you can do you
can decide yeah we're just doing mixed I
guess thump of this it's good one
because it I don't the tiny down yeah
that's all like I don't work well I
don't like as much as not I'm just
warming you
okay here we go just getting warmed up I
can feel it
I'd say right now it's increasing give
one to Cara Lee it's quittin you can do
the hot wing challenge that's really for
do you like spicy food I only do hot
cheetos the bombs between this one not
great Obama no I know but how many total
sauces are there in this challenge I
mean okay so that's like half way
oh yeah like half way yeah but if I'm
doing a whole wing drenched in that it's
pretty hot I'll get the hiccups tomorrow
I'm almost getting them now you get that
he gets tomorrow doesn't want to eat a
wing Oh like I'm gonna make ups like I'm
about done that's good habanero this is
the hardest one does not know yeah a
fourth of the bombs the hardest to
stomach because just like chili there's
no flavor to it
yeah I know it's not the last one but
people think it's the hardest one I
think I actually I really love some so
like I'm worried about having enough for
the challenge cuz I really do love like
you're not even reacting
and then
