the face of a mother who is completely
mortified by child pooped in the pool
why why me swing where we going oh no no
where we going pull pull oh there you go
dark up who you think pool now new word
add that to the list peeps i bought
these really cute storage swim trunks
but he doesn't want to wear them he only
wanted to worse paw patrol shorts which
is fine cuz these ones are a little big
inning way but we've just been running
around the heads like chickens with our
heads cut off it just getting things
done I need to get done before we leave
oh thank you I didn't bring his toys
inside he played with the neighbors
today and now we're currently going to
swim okay that's what we'll do almost
every day because he loves it dude he's
just really well listening at the pool
luckily so far he just stays in one
little pool doesn't move there's so many
things we gotta get done before we go
out of town so that's what we've been
doing today okay there one day please
bed we're here the pool swimming it's so
nice today no it just keeps jumping in
but Krista's here and she has her nanny
kids I'm assuming it on Noah bye mmm
look at him look at him kick you so
getting so good at kicking I
zoomed in doing tricks huh today's been
a fun day huh Noah yeah good day I to do
adult stuff today which included bills
insurance more bills making sure
everything was good to go for our
upcoming trips booking things hotels etc
finalizing so when we're flat that we
need to get hi sis how's it going are
you my little twin but it sounds like
Jen just had a pretty good day at the
pool you guys went to the pool right do
you guys go the pool no I'm still
mortified then I received a phone call
from jen 12 minutes ago you wouldn't
believe what happened no I didn't guess
what happened guess what happened I'm
like um you got the camera the pool the
camera's broken your phone's broken
something you know like typical host and
well let's first check in and see how
they did at the pool the fun that they
had no watch out for people watch out
for people
so when we moved out we accidentally I
will I accident unless this in our
laundry room and I'll let you know cuz
it's a nice monitor and I was really
excited to have it for two kids but they
still had it so like yes he's after two
months they still had it hey
hey we'll make it squirt out Oh where's
his whole face Dirk you hi are you awake
oh wow are you excited to be the pool
huh I love you Oh II just like the song
yeah I love you this is a google outfit
today she's so cute great so just
routine time at the pool you having fun
right I'm a great time no are we jumping
in the pool oh yeah do you do another
belly flop oh yeah we gotta work on that
feet first are you saying what he is
dead and then what happened nooope two
people did you poop in the pool yeah did
you mean to yeah you tell mommy we're
gonna poop no I hi that's hilarious he
knew it knew it we were talking about oh
yeah this kid is so smart like he he
started to pick up our conversations and
he knows like we got to be careful I
thought I'm not that we like saying bad
things but just that can hide anything
from him I like gotta feeling I saw like
like one little thing phony like what is
that and I was like I freaked out like
he was out of the pool trying to check
his diaper what happened to her bad bad
did you poop in the pool you know it's
not good though right you know you're
not supposed to well this is something
that I was worried about yesterday even
though he had gone before i was super
concerned like I just some hideously oh
man there's always the possibility that
he could just start going poop but like
I usually see the call like I see I know
when he's going to he gets all relax hi
dad do that but yeah well i mean it's
it's an art yeah I like just I had like
a motherly instinct to just check his
diaper and it was just full of poo and I
went chant like Noah it's one of those
things that sometimes you can't even
control just happens not well it just
happened to older people to I'm not
going to go into details but there was
once one time we're in Hershey
Pennsylvania i love her i had like heat
stroke and hershey's associate I don't
know how I was as between ages of 13 and
16 I think my mom can confirm we don't
need to go to that are you doing but I
was having that thought yesterday was
like oh no we ain't careful when I guess
the pool I said tati Noah has a poop
today I hope he doesn't poop in the pool
like I'm like nervous but I like all
right are you done with the camera no
you want to still be on so this is the
thing if you were in this situation by
the way what's up sis he's still
chilling relaxing you have the hiccups
what would you do so Jen's getting ready
to leave it happens as they're leaving
about yeah we're just would you go and
tell someone let's say like in this case
it wasn't that bad but they're right
baby thirsty but it was I probably
mixing with the water yeah like there
wasn't any evidence necessarily do you
just tail it you just like boogie like
kids we got to go already go and tell
maintenance first of all what do you
think gent it if I were in Jen's case we
devoured by myself and there's just me
Noah and I was like got some big pool or
something I'd be like I've by and see
could probably meet like I should say
something but maybe we should just book
it out of here well I'm c2 I was like
cuz I it so it so hard it's like you're
very same if you just you know it's just
a hard conversation you feel bad we
don't even live there anymore what
of course what I'm told I'm good it's
okay that's why I married her if i were
with jen we did I definitely told but it
would have been a lot harder to tell me
me tell no I wouldn't have that's not
sure you would have made me tell it
would have been a lot harder to do it if
it was me no you know but what would you
guys do have you experienced has this
happened to you before your life I'm
proud of John she did the right thing
well you can't go someone for a couple
weeks maybe my cut take a little time I
lay low good head up another pool for a
while and not go swimming until I know
he's pooped that day yeah we're gonna
know knows what he did was wrong Jensen
he hopped in the car and like was out of
there and he's usually like I thought he
was touches usually doesn't wanna leave
right now is that girls like it's time
to go he's like he nods his head and
green yeah you know not to poop in the
pool right no right and then we were
kind of like rust on dinner since i sent
go grab a couple of chick-fil-a salads
here about to have emotional breakdown
which I understand Lisa I still feel
like a cry we're gonna go cry together
let's do something do we need to buy
them tonight okay ah right PJ right you
wanna watch like a Nicholas Sparks movie
tonight mmm maybe give anything to say
how was it do you want to swim cop bless
you bye get dis bless you you're so cute
i love you it was excited to play ball I
made him go take a bath I was like you
can watch ball with Ted after and he was
very excited today upset when I was a
link sister in that playing oh yeah you
ready fast pitch in your position hold
the bat better i love that any question
we asked him yeah
there you go hey clothes inside ball
close try again hey guys so I just got
the phone with my brother ap a lot of
you guys know who ap is a lot of you may
not but he used to have a vlog channel
but now he's currently just focusing on
um his life and just haven't been it's
actually working on a new channel
actually I took that he's working on a
new channel so hopefully only rate was
that soon I wanna know what anyway we
were talking and he was talking about
our our family friend romany um he
they've been best friends since I'm know
what grade but she's only just been a
good family friend I didn't know Romney
that you watched these videos she just
had a cute little baby but I guess she
was telling andrew she's like pj just
seems like the most perfect baby and my
baby's just crying all the time um so I
wanted to clear something up romney pj
does cry I promise guys PJ's not perfect
but she kind of is a really good baby
Noah was a really hard baby and that's
why I always say like pjs such a good
baby but she does cry she really does I
just don't film work when she's crying
because I'm trying to consult her I'm
just crying but she does not as much as
Noah did so that's why I'm always like
oh you're such a good baby because she
really is so chill and so mellow and
like doesn't need like she's the perfect
second child it's hot like hard having a
toddler and a new baby because the
toddler requires a lot of attention when
really i mean the infant work requires a
lot of attention to but she's so like i
can like lay her down for a minute and
help know why and she won't fuss for a
few minutes until like I mean if it's
been a couple months then she'll be like
hey mom why did you slay me hands and
she'll start like kind of fussing I'm
all the time I can make set on the swing
really quick or just like holder and
like help Noah like she's really good
but she has her moments every night
between like seven or eight is a her cry
time
um no escribe time was at midnight every
night for like an hour a lot of you guys
know that okay I had a clean play some
look on a chip but um and a lot of times
Noah's having his like crazy time like
when the cameras off and so like I'm not
gonna like about the camera to show me
crazy and Noah's he's pretty wild so
it's hard to film when I'm like chase
him like today I had a moment if you
guys want to get real and he was playing
at the neighbor's house and I was just
watching him I was holding pj she was
asleep because Sam was gone and so um I
told he he came out of their house with
a banana and I was like where did you
get that been named you just take their
banana like I'm like we don't even we
hardly know these people like go put the
banana back I wasn't sure if they
offered it to him or if he took it cuz
his friend was eating a banana I don't
know but like come on dad's going to get
lunch like let's go eat lunch and he did
not want to come home um he then
proceeded to run from me so I am running
after him with PJ sleeping in my arms
trying to grab him and drag him home and
he wasn't having any of it so I ended up
having him over my shoulder while
carrying my baby in my arms and yeah I
was it was a really fun moment so I
didn't have an extra arm to work out the
camera shop doing that it was yeah he
was he had a he had a timeout for that
one um but he's been pretty good today
it's actually been a good day for Noah
like besides the pooping in the pool
thing but he kind of knew like that was
not okay and so he was like yeah it's
time to go home um but he's been trying
to be better he's understanding so much
more these days and talking so much you
guys it's crazy like he's saying so many
more words like he's definitely
surpassed the 25 word mark which is
great he's definitely where he's
supposed to be but it's just so cute
because any time we ask him a question
hey know you wanted this yeah hey no I
do not answer this yeah it's just
socially yeah I know the answer to
everything but he understands everything
we say so that's why like even though
he's only one almost too when he
listen I get more frustrating like I
know you understand me like today when
he was running away from me and uh knew
that we needed to go home and he didn't
want to he definitely yeah yeah that was
a fine moment today but i just wanna
throw out there like I don't know if I
mean you only see parts of our day
everyone who watches the videos nose in
timeout like pj cries i love you Romany
it's really hilarious that you watch
these I had no idea that you were
watching these videos I too wish that a
PJ and Ellie could be BFFs because they
would be really cute friends maybe one
day they can meet when we're out there
in cali sometime just some thoughts for
the night just want to clear some things
up haha i love you guys and hope have a
good evening I'm gonna go upstairs I
think Sam's live streaming currently and
still have my happy birthday dad side up
let's see how long we can keep that up
hopefully it's not like ruining the
paint though now we're good also how
many of you out there know about Allison
on Instagram I'm Allison show I think
that's what her channel or not her
channel her page is called anyway she
throws dance parties in salt lake and
the elders looks so fun I'm like dang
why don't I live there because
everyone's going to Allison's dance
parties and tonight she's having a hip
hop hooray dance party and I'm so
jealous that I'm not there shaking my
butt on the dance floor I mean I went to
zoom today I guess that's as close to
I'll get to shaking my butt to some
hip-hop music
narrative you choose soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood Sam is
currently extra me I don't know you're
not live streaming oh yeah I want you oh
well I think shitty imagine me at my
youtube channel ios7 live streaming on
twitch when I think would be more fun to
do it on YouTube this is sam gentlemen
this is sam says me for about a hour to
every right this is his doing I tell ya
I'm usually in bed on the iPad or on my
phone watching dr. pimple popper because
I'm kind of obsessed with her right now
and what I think I've seen almost no I
went seals all of you that haven't seen
a lot of pimple popping videos though
not gonna lie if you guys haven't tried
it try it like watch some pretty good
show it's really relaxing watching dr
this is popper try it guys I just love
watching everything so please add people
I like I want like search Sam's bio
which is anything I can squeeze said I
don't besides but
