let me see your cute shirt your Memorial
Day Jedi was nice yeah yeah I just love
when you were still think that so cute
little egg if I got it we should put it
here tonight right now yeah i heerd
award of those I think they're in the
wash but they will put them on later
anyway before they happy memorial day
Sam's working away Jeremy Jensen go boom
yeah seriously sisters over in this wing
she wants to sleep but she is not
letting herself sleep and I'm gonna take
noah outside for a little bit no no it's
so nice out first he needs juice today
is Memorial Day it's a day that I feel
like it's close to home not necessarily
because we've lost anyone in any wars
but because we've had many people that
have served in the Armed Forces family
members grandparents Jen's brother my
brother Memorial Day is more about those
that have fallen in service and I know
there's people that possibly could be
watching this vlog that I've lost
someone and service I know there's
people watching this valley they have
spouses or kids or siblings or family
that are out serving right now just
wanted to say thank you because because
of that were able to enjoy so much of
our freedom today yeah in this country
that totally grateful for it's given us
so much opportunity in our lives so
thank you jen is working at right now
yeah don't know why not uh she's known
as a work outside I see people do on
Instagram it's not looking like the yoga
know or like the night yoga is a very
challenged what it looks easier than it
is like I understand how hard it is cuz
you see ma like uh doesn't like that bad
but I could I could do it that's the
thing the 30 day challenge that's the
thing I couldn't do it the kids are
asleep right now we've had a fun morning
all the kids in the neighborhood have
been outside there's a little pool know
where went in it I don't really feel
comfortable filming like strangers kids
are neighbors kids without the
permission so we don't necessarily have
footage of that just out of respect for
them I got one clip of Noah and his
friend blame lightsabers cool
we were playing mass happy Memorial Day
awesome I have also been really wanting
to get a bike for a couple years now and
not just like a don't know maybe not
just a cruiser I want to get like an ice
road bike I've been researching doing
going to different places around town
talking to my cousins who are totally
into it and today is the day that I
think I might get a road bike so I'm
going to go to two other shops in town
see what kind of deals they have today
if they have the bike that I want
because I want to use that it's kind of
like my new form of exercise I'm excited
I think this will be a fun little
journey for me I'll be four for you guys
too because I can bring cameras around
especially if I go on any longer I'd or
anything like that let me go for a bike
ride there you go today that's fine I
just kind of want to make it something i
do and it won't only be in the summer my
cousin's race on these little machines
like they put their bike on a trainer so
the wheel still spin like the back wheel
does and they raise each other on their
computers like they hook up their bike
to the computer and get an amazing work
out that way too so I'm hoping to make
it kind of like a new hobby of mine yeah
kind of an expensive hobby but yeah
we're gonna get settled first we are
both signed up to do a 50-mile race on
dad's birthday so that you need to get
working on that I'm actually test riding
a bike right now there's a shop at the
bottom of the hill here i test rode it
up to the temple kind of cool pretty
sweet nice ride
tell him what we're gonna go do with who
ya better go swim in the water with tail
is what he's saying one swimming fallen
walk listening to baseball yeah it's so
cute I keep telling Sam like once we can
once he knows like what he's like saying
like real words he's gonna be a
chatterbox cuz he already is right we
just sit there at the table and he'll
just tell the stories like over and over
again we can't understand them Sam's
listen to the Dodgers Cubs right now so
and we're really on our way to the pool
if it's a barbecue with tails family
fish before yeah he's been very excited
to go swimming again let's go whoa
look no over here there's a horse and a
baby and I just think it's so cute every
time I pass it every time high horse and
baby horse so it's a baby yeah is it a
baby can you say baby yeah Noah's been
also talking a lot more lately like
saying real words mama bein really tries
to tell those things now we can excel to
tell funny how we decipher them yes like
most of the time and was chasing the
trash check yeah what's the time we can
tell what he's saying because you'll
feel like one word understand but so
funny yeah he's just like tell stories
all day yeah what's her name yeah
flowers under things yeah and then Tim
you ask him a question LOL yeah hey Noah
do you know what the numbers in pi is
yeah do you know what empty yeah yeah
hmm what's an iPad
what is an iPad oh he's pointing to his
died okay that's example cuz you guys
got apple this is the back I'd have all
the back of it you know the square root
of 10 yeah do you know what daddy's name
is no oh you're saying no no yeah 50 no
the wheels on the bus go round and round
you have singing songs to the windows on
the bus go up and down up and down up
and down the windows on the bus go up
and down all through the town that's the
suit song right now show me how you swim
no I go cross again you go cross good
job kick your legs good job buddy yours
are doing great at swimming a little
sass monster good job these life less
thingies are so awesome so cool
good job you keep doing it keep
practicing krista krista stole my baby
it's true ipg you look very relaxed
mm-hmm it would not be memorial day
without grilling am i right am i right
did you hear what I said yeah am i right
excellent murder excellent burger the
secret to this burger am I allowed to
say yeah French onion Lipton French
onion seasoning or the packet mixed in
with war Shire worst recessions us no
you haven't even had a bite yet yeah
it's just eating fruit which is probably
better for him all right let's see take
a big bite whoa face first uh oh here
I'll help you with that so each day that
we're here Noah has progressively gotten
better at swimming I'm here as lifeguard
but here he's going to jump in
whoa good jump sounds good did all right
so I'm gonna meet kick yeah kicking
something to me I'm over here I'm over
here let's see I'm ready whoa belly flop
hi sis you scratch yourself who did you
scratched too little breather getting
kind of cold out here no windy and so
they're all in the hot tub hanging out
bored about to head home gym a little
cold it's almost bedtime tales Barney
why is that oh that is so cute oh wow we
didn't capture this earlier here they
are in the memorial day outfits right
sis yeah you're red white you get your
red white and blue yeah is there a flag
on your shirt yeah where is it yeah is
it a pocket yeah but does it have oh you
think has balls those are stars yeah can
you say star oh damn this juice box oh
you guys having fun got your feet
hanging off yeah yeah do you love sister
whoa boom did she poop wha you give
sister a kiss Boop what sister's name e
P be bar b bar yeah hmm Wow please can
you say no yeah see ah no uh oh so close
yeah do you love sister no is sister a
boy or girl a boy hmm yeah
Hey Oh it'd be soft know what are you
doing for this yeah what do you do when
you score a basket by ba ya all know for
your birthday do you want to go to a
baseball game wha do you want to go to
the zoo wha do you want to go to the
aquarium huh do you want to go to museum
and read about presidents of the United
States wha do you want to study
chemistry wha hmm do you want to be
President or are you gonna run for
president in 2016 why should people vote
for you wha hmm okay would you vote for
Noah sis are you getting kind of
uncomfortable should we help you out is
that gonna be like guys okay gentle
gentle all right should we watch some
basketball before Ben okay we're getting
ready for bed watching some basketball
Wow yeah although i think nose fears for
Tina's baseball oh yeah oh you see the
game better with this torch mask on oh
this kid was pretty good today though
the pulley is very obedient is worried
because I homie I likes just doing
whatever he wants rightfully so
sometimes he's pretty good except when
we left you didn't want to leave what I
remember as a kid you know we could say
they're all day it's been a really fun
day right Noah have you had fun today
yeah today truly felt like the first day
of summer it was great so much fun with
the fam I love us get so much no it's
becoming a little swimmer I'll be fun to
be with the cousins cuz they do swimming
lessons and I don't know if he's gonna
be too young to do their swimming
lessons but we just be good to like get
you a different pool and have them
playing with them we definitely feel
more comfortable with two kids now I
feel like we can do more things roomie
ready for our trips that are coming up
and it's just it's a good feeling I feel
like we've really transitioned into
having another child pretty well so far
so far everything can change in a day in
a week and I'm up there always changing
I felt like a lot weighing on me the
past couple days and I don't really know
how to
talk about it the correct words to use
or just anything basically gender like
free agents right now and we have the
freedom where we technically could live
wherever you guys are like oh you just
moved into that place we plan on staying
here for the time being but we're really
starting to think about where we want to
be long term if we want to move to a
different state I almost feel like our
time and Utah's up I feel like it's time
to move on to something new we've been
in Utah a long time I think I've lived
in the state now for seven or eight
years which is kind of a long time to me
and I think we're ready to move closer
to family I don't know where that is yet
I've always thought it'd be cool to live
in New York or Chicago suburbs I think
Texas is cool Arizona there's just tons
of different places but Jen and I are
gonna have to really start thinking
about this praying about it pondering
really thinking about what's best for
our family going forward and our kids
because you know we've definitely
established some roots here needs on
it's been great but I feel like soon
it's like time to do something new it's
just kind of like the feeling I get and
usually I go with the feelings I get and
see the fruit of it it's it's good so I
don't know kind of in a weird place
right now so I don't want to say like
all the things I've done the past year
was a waste but uh I definitely put some
energy and things and it's like almost
like it just was I don't know through
anyways tomorrow's gonna be a great day
I still have my bike I think I might
actually just get one custom made for my
cousin which will be cheaper in the long
run and also just more effective overall
don't worry about us guys everything's
going well Jenna and I have never loved
each other more in our lives never left
my family more I've never felt closer to
them and life is good it really is I'm
grateful for so many different things
tomorrow be a great day playing some fun
activities and
yeah just let my fam see yes tomorrow
peace if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good if that understood
