morning Jake and I are currently about
to head down to Salt Lake area for my
sister-in-law's baby shower and we're so
excited to see all my family my cousin
Jordan is hosting it install good to see
lots of family today which would be fun
in the log to meet PJ and this kid I was
thinking about taking but it's nap time
and I want to have fun same with rice if
you should enjoy yourself although it'd
be nice for Sam to be able to get all
this stuff done today no ha ha ha was
there anything out right used to be a
good boy sure dad are you gonna play
with your transformers he still really
likes those which is fun you know it
says yay like fly for the air helicopter
one the truck yeah it's a person under
there huh oh it's a transformer and PJ's
coming what did I tried to show them I
explained that all of them are half
people half robot hxe huh so let's go
next thing you see is probably me with
my family
ah a wild jordo approaches the car hi am
i late am i ages on time no your intent
okay let's put this in the bag if you're
when he's older in the back you I had to
get it done for like Easter right right
something like that next year
Oh next year yeah that's adorable and
then I got Justin Jenny
alright those cute I thought Matt was
like a because they're kind of it's not
focusing on it as role - can you see the
role and it's called the side to get
sandwiches
yeah
okay it has on your skin yeah it's
waddled remember there's never any way
almost two months it's not a small head
again baby she's like delicious baby
though so nothing was your own baby
what do you spell june transect hi baby
that's what were they saying that I look
good yeah you look really good your
belly's still so cute little thing I
love it Oh
good job dude that was one way of doing
it
no house a Fig Newton
good
Wow
oh don't cry baby hi
your cousin you're sitting on your
cousin your goodness is there day two
you know you have kids when you're
living looks like this constantly happy
Sunday everyone it's a beautiful day
this week is supposed to finally be
summer temperatures I said 90 this
weekend which I love that high of
temperatures but I love the 70s high 70
that we should would just stay there
but eighties are fine too but this
middle princess looks so cute
in her little Sunday outfit she's one of
the hello sweater before this is my
cousin actually gave her this outfit but
look at the little to do she is she
hasn't worn this yet it's so cute
sometimes I look at things hanging up
I'm like oh that looks too big still
like oh maybe I'll wait but then I'm
like oh I should just try it on anyway
and they fit her so I'm like so glad
that I ended up putting things on her
you know I keep trying to like get there
like I'm trying to like have her wear
things before she moves out him because
he's just growing so fast but tomorrow
look at my friend Michelle Pearson she
actually has a daily vlog channel or a
channel to and she doesn't allow me moms
she gave her this cutest little
two-piece outfit that in these little
shorts that she's gonna wear tomorrow
for Memorial Day that's so cute I can't
wait to have her wear this tomorrow I
just like have it I've just been like
leaving it like next week's I just like
looking at that outfit and I'm just like
dying to put her in that outfit I just
haven't yet because like I don't know
when to put her in it it's just so cute
so tomorrow she's wearing it but those
shorts I just can't handle it two-piece
sets are just so cute I have a girl pink
I love you Hey
hey sis you fill it out nice and plump
did he teach you
she's still smaller than Noah was at
this point which I kind of like it's
kind of nice he was just happy the way
she's been a big boy
I hear them up to something my house is
just been a disaster honestly like every
room is a disaster so I'm just slowly
trying to put things away get things
organized get trash by the stairs we
take you downstairs
are you seeing it listen to music yeah
hi sis do you fear so in the camera do
you see yourself we really look nothing
alike right now hahaha maybe when you
get older you look more like mom I hear
no saying no dad's torch torch music I
engage you mile
high I gotta stare her all day oh wait I
do i do stare at you all day the lights
so nice you're right now isn't it also
updated are my buddies still love it
want to get in more colors that way when
I need like wash out half of it then
I'll just stick a new one on huh you
like it - uh it's comfy it's comfy you
guys always want more pj footage so i'm
trying to get you more pj footage ah
okay so pretty
he's a little bit ah I smell her like 20
times no more than 20 times day I smell
her all day long I heard once that no I
think some sister actually told me that
like baby's hair and their heads have
like a hormone or something that makes
you feel the haps that makes the mom
feel happy it's like it's like a drug
almost I don't even know but it's so
true whenever I smell our head just like
you smells so good a lot of the moms get
it but some of that some other younger
kids on that that follow us on Twitter
they're like guys the worst thing I've
ever heard Jay I'm like just wait till
you have a baby and smell that baby's
little head I remember loving to smell
of Noah's head too
oh yes I'm a good baby I'm a good baby
mom yes I am really quick update on
nursing it's been a lot better I've
started leaning back more um it's only
hard and like when I'm out and about and
can't just like lean back back you know
and that's when she kinda still chokes a
little bit but it's gotten so much
better like her latching and everything
is that her when she doesn't choke so
I've been leaning back like at night
when I'm like full I just like lay here
and have her like just on top of me and
she hasn't choked and it's been awesome
she choked like once or twice maybe in
the past since I've tweeted that out
which has been amazing because it's been
like every day and every night for the
past month you know two months I don't
even know so that is really good and she
drinks longer so like since she's not
choking sure I've noticed that she's
like sucking longer and so she's been
thankful a little bit longer which has
been so great also update on the paints
I bought really like I'm so far they're
very smooth and I'm currently working on
the painting but I don't know if I want
to show you guys because I might start
over I don't know I love the way it's
running out and I like to be good and
I'm working on a painting for my friend
it's her little brother but I might
start over I'm not I'm not too sure yet
but that's a surprise for her she
doesn't watch all the videos so
hopefully she doesn't see that because
it's a surprise and I'm just gonna mail
it off to her we eat in good deny me
Inger Dena
like sir fish I feel like a little crisp
on my fish shakes am that you but I
thought they look smaller in the
packaging they're bigger shared like one
movie no I wasn't thinking maybe no one
unfortunately will not try salmon I have
been I have been mistaking tonight Noah
wants this the salmon tonight it was the
same good yeah like it's just crazy
because you did not like it before
eating fish you like it I'm so happy
wow you don't need that pizza bread
after all was intimidating it anyway you
just eat the cheese off ha ha
success
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
