I just came downstairs you know it's
been playing with this transformer twist
that he got from our neighbor he's
making him ride the truck like a
skateboard it's really cute truck he's
starting to use his imagination more he
just made a hoop with that truck let's
not do that again though everyone keeps
asking when he has me get grants we
didn't actually have any control of it
but they finally spray-painted it so
there's our grants ladies it's actually
hydro seed think that what's called
Hydra seed look at that so they finally
sprayed it today so hopefully we'll have
some grass by next summer good morning
how are you you happy to be getting
grass yeah Congrats are you smiling a
second ago yeah you're looking at me Mom
do you want to say something oh I feel
it oh she's pooping that's a yes yeah
you ain't back in Mom's hands and just
let it rip
she still is not giving this miles away
really but she said a bunch dang it we
missed it
hey what's your poop face and she was
like hey Dad all right with this mouth
go
I should say to see your families in
summer oh yeah hmm can you make noises
oh like an owl hello hey glasses on I do
busting the glasses out yeah I'm getting
more blind I think that's cuz the other
day we were sitting there in the kitchen
Jen's like what time is it what is it
what's the time on the clock I can't
read that I was like yeah right I feel
like the lights on those things never
look never always fuzzy yeah I think
someone needs to go get their eyes
checked out no today's vlog is sponsored
by a game that I have loved playing over
the past couple months it's called best
fiends you can find it in the Google
Play Store and Apple App Store I played
it especially on my flight when we went
to playlist live in Florida yes the
other time I play it the most is when
I'm up in the middle of the night with
the babies you have two babies yeah and
usually when you're rocking them into
sleep like the first time you don't want
to be on your phone or anything like
that you're taken in and joined that
moment and they don't want to be you
don't want them to be distracted but
sometimes they wake up in the middle of
the night and you need a distraction
yes that's might be fun to keep you
awake I play it when I'm feeding so I
want to show you anything really quick
this is my first time I've done this I
hooked up my phone to the computer was
this guy actually I'm already recording
watch this I know you could do this we
can't my phone right now whoa humans
that trippy well that is so trippy
all right I'm here at my home screening
Z me and Noah young Noah that's like at
this time last year we took that photo
anyways I'm gonna hop into my game best
fiends presented by seriously seriously
now I enjoy this game because I feel
like it takes a little bit more thinking
and not just mindlessly like connecting
the dots I've already used one of my
free spends on another free spin in a
couple minutes where I can get free
prizes it's pretty cool
I am only on level 24 at the moment you
can see Scott Jarvie the photographer is
a couple ahead of me I'm getting closer
I will soon surpass him Jenna's much
better at these games in me I was trying
to be here but she seems to always be a
level ahead
you like in the 30s mm-hmm here are all
the like different characters that you
can unlock while you're playing and then
you can like level em up this guys are
like level 4 so it's attacking special
skill is gonna be more effective
I haven't unlocked any super rares yet
I'm working on it there's Quincy the
little cute little bug there anyways
when you play you can decide which ones
are gonna use to beat the level in this
case I'm just going to do level 10 my
favorite number and you can see there's
different guys with different power-ups
power-ups I'm going to go with the level
4 though this will do okay start game
and then what you do is look at your
goals defeat these peeps collect some
green a little uh these guys so I have
to be at least 15 of those beat the five
black slugs make it to the level this is
my favorite little connection right here
so it's not just like they can't they'd
have to be directly in a row you can
actually get creative when connecting on
which I enjoy screen my green oh shoot I
missed one right there I hate when I do
that sometimes I find myself alright we
fast forward a little bit I'm making a
huge move right here let's go
Oh me and my force right here you can't
finish a level with that well done a
little easier level because there's only
the tenth one they definitely get more
difficult ah my facebook faint
someone's just joined it's a good look
at you guys like in my phone right now
so then you get this beat the level and
then if it's a new level you get to like
click on these little squares and unlock
more characters or more gold and
different things this Sunday May 29th
are like kicking it out for the summer
and if you log in on that day and you
play on that day you get like a special
gift which I am imagining will give you
a huge advantage at some of the further
levels I don't know exactly what the
gift will be but I'm definitely be ready
for that so make sure you log in on
Sunday the 29th to get that I'm gonna
put a link in the description to
download this game if you want to play
it I think you guys can add me on the
Center or something my name on there is
just showcase we can compete against
each other it could be pretty fun I'm
trying to think of a fun thing that we
could do because we are gonna get noose
Amica shirts soon and I think it'd be
fun if like the person that gets the
farthest in this game
gets rewarded with a shirt I have this
really fun idea for new shirts
I told you about it right mm-hmm so
anyways check out the game link in the
description let me know what level you
guys are at in the comments if you're
enjoying playing it best fiends
it's definitely kept us entertained at
night come young padawan let's make a
smoothie here we go yeah I get it in the
cup silly goose okay I'm gonna get in
one team yeah okay let's cut it in half
them
oh you should getting it wasn't that's
fine he's gonna eat this eat the
smoothie mix the yogurt
I didn't look a bigger blender now that
Noah is bigger and likes to eat them
with me and my nutribullet is like not
working lightly which is various the
Poynting movie is really cold but that
nothing not a sink you stinker okay
ready put some yogurt yogurt and it
tastes so good
no no take a spoonful of peanut butter
yes before all of our smoothies done
that peanut butter you just never know
okay ready let's grab some other berries
now raspberries put some another net Oh
or your mouth that works too that's not
you then okay Barry don't get out of it
so that goes okay and then I top it off
with all the water that's good I want to
start getting like some other stuff
equipment smoothie recipes on Pinterest
someone start with this has been Chirag
that
I brought a banana so I'm just gonna put
half of it in here Tyson well no one
said if you didn't want any of my
smoothie so you'll only drink my
smoothie if it's like bright pink and he
knows it's likes just strawberry and
banana we're changing your diaper look
at she has the same little thigh muscles
I know what happened
lovers aren't quite as defined as Noah's
were I her age Noah had like legit thigh
muscles and calf muscles since birth
you're getting so big I washed her hair
yesterday but I think it's getting too
long to stand up in the front no it's
kind of sad I just wanted to go flat so
for this back here still standing
straight up do your cute little curls
they went away and have you also I don't
know if you can tell but like her hairs
growing out and it's no like this hair
on the side is like the darkest the
hairs on the side of the darkest cuz
that's like from birth from birth but
like hooves are so wide it's crazy
alright here's some troublemakers hi are
you playing Storch yeah look at this
what kind of I got a little mini mini
date good speeches easy
could you days yeah it's a little baby
but we kind of just dropped we asked her
if we could drop Noah off for like a
couple minutes we were gonna take him
with us to Bed Bath & Beyond but if you
really want to play the tail and it just
makes more sensitive let him play
instead of dragging me to the store yeah
we do it from a new pan yes we've had
the same pan since we got married yeah
it's been great yeah they're great but
we have a couple people that have used
it guests friends even
probably done this I mean you get from
those pants like it's the black cast out
no one says no but sees metal like with
the pan because you scrape off the
coating is lost so we jump no off to
play while we go and get some new pants
Wolfie happier yes he'll eventually be
happier this is good for him like he's
so we need to get him so he's not said
it better
all the time being there when he's
playing which I'm there for him all the
time we're right oh man we are such good
parents no I'm grateful that we can't
meet you depend on me I'm grateful that
we can play with him so much but it's
good to let him have like play days and
so he'll get used to being in nursery
more and agenesis and I want to cooks
ready to pan and I want to start taking
him to like the play the kids area at
the gym so you can like put more kids
there and I just learn to be okay with
babysitters you know like people he
doesn't quite know so where it's
integration all right we got some pans
will show you how they are we actually
get the same ones we had beforehand cuz
I get pens they just win it once in five
years when taking polish you know just
got to take care of that's not your
fault
and now we're not use Forks anymore now
we're gonna split up I'm going to
Staples Jenna's going to Michael's to
get paint so she continued to paint more
yes and I'm gonna look for stuff I need
to get more organized my office I have
too many loose ends documents just
everything I'm tempted to try this type
of thing take a little cubes of paint
anything mix them oh well like a bigger
so it's like purples and bright colors
but not sure well maybe I'll get
something like this i have liquid paint
watercolor already but I wanted to try
like a solid kind I don't know get the
red
and we decide to all go out to do em
together
that's one big happy family so we're
currently going to Danny it's for dinner
and I'm secretly really excited about
you know tatianna brutally brought it up
but I was like oh that kind of does
sound kind of good thank you
are you serious yeah
are you just fake laughing yo Jenner is
great but check out that rain coming
down on the mountains that looks in soon
nobody started to connect sick tonight
got really hot there you go so we're
just keeping her an eye on them
yeah make sure they're okay come on
monitoring them you went to Walgreens
got some stuff yeah I'm fine I just
taken some vitamin C so huh really good
sick these are the pans that we got
though these the ones that we've had for
a while we got these headphones CSS over
those the other day and some of the
people recommended like ear muffs or
like a hat kind of shielding sound
things we might actually look into that
I guess genardi showed you her art stuff
she got better paper it was a fun day
spent together and tomorrow we are gonna
be apart Jenna's taking PJ they're going
to Haley's baby shower Haley is Matt's
wife Matt is Jen's brother so he leaves
her sister-in-law and she's having a
baby shower she sent me a baby very soon
she also broke out her paints tonight
but I'm gonna let her show you guys that
I'm gonna give her this camera and I'm
gonna use another one so we'll be a
little Block in both places tomorrow
anyways thank you for watching guys hope
you had fun today I'm going to go and
edit this before I go to bed we'll see
you guys tomorrow
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
