good morning I'm going to get my haircut
for real right now so I no longer look
like see ya the singer I'll see you guys
soon
so no I just forget the morning but I'm
gonna really try to get better over that
this summer my goal this summer is to
remember to pick it up more often
especially in public and still I'm still
I've been doing this for two years and I
still have the hardest time like
vlogging in public there's lots of
people around but I'm gonna work on it
the kids are both napping whoo I don't
know how that happens but she always PG
always wants to take a nap in the
afternoon like right during Noah's nap
which is awesome she usually wakes up to
eat like during it and then goes back to
sleep for the last half so I'm like wow
that's amazing I'm like I went to body
blast this morning we two up working out
and I'm feeling so good I can feel so
much better being sore and tired and
like like my body is changing little by
little it's nice I know I need to like
love I love my body and that created
babies but I also know I want that dog
okay but it's a slow process and I need
to like and I understand that but it's
fun to just like get moving and mentally
it's good for me to be active because
then you know like post where I'm blues
are just terrible and like they really
affect me we did with Noah I've had
postpartum blues like baby blues a
little bit with Peter but not as bad as
no it's Noah it was like that and I had
him for like a year I didn't like talk
about too much on the vlog but
definitely I baby blues for like a year
no huh on and off it wasn't like every
single day but I've been like mentally
so much better with PJ it's been awesome
but also working out just like really
helps me feel good and start the day
good anyway my house a does that is a
disaster there's just stuff everywhere I
need to sweep the kitchen and clean but
instead I'm eating these uh veggie chip
things I don't know what these are
so you're so good got myself a movie in
the whole bag well Sam's currently
getting his hair cut he um was gonna do
it yesterday but it just didn't work out
the way it was too long so he's went
going to a new place like an actual
barber today
they hunt air and go to the same guy and
then one same bits back Tyler and Haley
are probably gonna come by for a little
bit and hang out before they take off
tonight they head back to Cincinnati and
they'll be gone for like the whole month
until their wedding we're gonna see them
until they get married so I'm so excited
I've gotta get part my dress altered a
little bit this next week and we still
have a happy birthday dad sign up which
I mean to take off but I just haven't I
just like it it's cute
are you weak hey pie what pie hi
wow that's a nice move Hey
we're dressed and ready for a good
Danielle huh what is that your
lightsaber no somehow it works throw it
out number there you go hey I love
cuddling I love when he wakes from his
naps so happy and just wanted to cuddle
sometimes he wakes up a little cranky
sometimes I feel like he and Trey the
defranco's son could be like four turtle
twins Sam got home let's see what he
looks love Wow
so handsome looks good today
Wow did you enjoy it yeah looks nice
wait for this wedding photography oh
cool it's like falling in Serena wait
what's mean India India I love you
sneaker lovers close your eyes this
might hurt what happened I'm really not
upset I'm just
frustrated you see that little patch of
wet area yeah okay it looks kind of big
yeah okay but it doesn't look like if
you stepped in it it would be this much
of mud right
I barely stepped in it and it went like
as the ball flew everywhere completely
like cement I don't understand it oh my
goodness
don't worry anyway after and they're
gonna be cleaner than they were I think
a black bear than they were today the
other thing with taking all the shoes
off and I hate it
no no I know I know what it's like I'm
gonna go get other shoes no babe don't
do it don't ruin more shoes no I believe
you I believe you I believe you it's
like insane I believe you I told believe
you I was like I'll just tiptoe right
here squish we have the most awesome
neighbors ever and they have a little
boy that's a couple years older than
Noah he's you just turned five so he's
even a year older than tail um but he's
still really nice he wants to play with
know what so we were just over at their
house hanging out and they just came up
came like when we were on our way out
they're like oh wait we have something
for you a whole bag of Transformer toys
and we legit have we have been like so
to introduce like lots of different toys
to know what superhero stuff to show
that type of thing but look at all of
these like we don't have any of these
little like boy action figures and like
all storm coming that stump all
transformers like look at that I don't
even know
so cool are these so cool Noah that was
so nice of them we love those they're so
great huh yeah isn't that cool
look at these guys yeah I stuck the tide
and Haley's we leave in a couple hours
to go back do you ready for the wedding
and then they're gonna get married and
we're gonna be there and sure
ah oh yes and then Tyler said he wants
to meet us okay well these boys mintus
perfect that works for me
I've actually been making my own
smoothies in the morning lately today's
was really good Sammy not try it because
there's peanut butter and we won't eat
peanut butter and you just yeah he felt
weird but it was so good it was like
strawberry banana with non-fat yogurt
vanilla yogurt and then I put peanut
butter in it and a little water in ice
and then like strawberries raspberries
and some blackberries Oh little baby sis
okay you go to town with those toys hi
everyone
pick-up sing con and then just go saying
Sam just I'm just gonna call you
Samantha they look like yeah yeah I
don't know like I guess I don't know
what I look like I mean I think she has
my eye shape though her eyes are very
almond they might change it's like nose
eyes were pretty almond and now they're
kind of like rounder ya know do you love
those toys like no no as I say I feel
like looks like Sam's yeah like look at
his his big eyes just like you whoa you
ready for a fun night okay yeah mom yeah
I'm ready
I'm eight what fun night update on her
tongue it's really hard for me a lot of
people are saying to do exercises I have
no idea how I even do that in the baby's
mouth you just go like this it's like a
cartoon you grab their tongue you go
even like move from like tongue even
look under it but her nursing is the
same like she still has a hard time I
don't know I'm wondering like I almost
wanted going to just have him look to
see if everything's like healing right
and looks good like that he's got enough
like taking it off maybe I should just
go to lactation professionally right no
no no check with the dentist okay oh
yeah Oh doctor yeah oh I should have
been look
that's a good idea but her nursing me I
should just like go to a lactation
consultant but she always just like okay
I can't stay on the entire fever she
like just chokes a lot and I don't know
we'll see we'll see
use your IQ you're gonna stay round
enfold I love your little chunky chunky
chunky although my kids know I didn't
have any rolls and looks like she's not
gonna have actual rolls they just get
big no thigh rolls pretty good though
she's back with one a firm one for men
her face right now though look at this
beautiful face it's called the chunky
strawberry it's only one week I know we
got you that great her neck roll though
she smells good
fishy she needs a shout she needs a
shower a bath us well but that is like
the her sweaty baby head smell is so
good
every night when everyone's asleep like
this my hands my baby it's not like
gross baby that's like a baby
yeah good baby this kid knows it knows
how a smoothie Bowl and quesadilla
provided by attract Atta we're trying to
get him to say his name
he's saying the no huh does he know
let's do them he does ever miss today's
and no this morning
funny funny when you're not screaming
this is the only way he's cleaning up
his toys he's in saying no for the past
five minutes
he's only listening because torture
telling him to do it since when you just
said ten minutes like no I'm not putting
it away and now he's putting it away
well you have you guys leave the toys in
the bin you crazy
oh my goodness soldiers here stop this
here please pick up your toys
can you put that dinosaur in the closet
in the closet yeah
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood hello hello whoa
it isn't it yeah there's so they're like
so white now
was the fabric part always like a great
color almost well there's the guy right
there I mean it could be wider I'm gonna
take a bleach bang no no that part's
great oh yeah that part's great no they
look good they look really good Wow
crisis averted
