hello good day to you are good day okay
quite hot I don't like your hat I'm
gonna get my hair cut right now we need
to know a haircut but I don't think
today's today maybe tomorrow hey storch
get over your starch so Jen's gonna take
the kids to the park no I decided not to
take a nap which was fun he did sleep in
till nine o'clock though which was
incredible yeah yeah and I got to make
you see so did he run into the door yes
tis erupted hey come back with us and I
think a baby's new stairs club no I just
hasn't sake sorry about everything now
he knows sorry gets him out of anything
you run to the wall sorry alright next
time you see me die younger will be
better fresh snips enough whipping yes
well once upon a time it rained and we
came to the park and Noah slid into a
puddle at the bottom of the slide the
end are you soaking wet right now wait
let's dry you off it's like his whole
pant leg is soaked right come here oh oh
my goodness Noah good thing I brought a
little blanket for PJ I don't pack any
spare clothes for him anymore it's like
there comes a point where you stop
packing spare clothes but yeah okay nope
no sides with puddles crazy man we're
back with the squad squad
coos baby playing park montage ever
that's okay a creep there's nothing like
a there's nothing like a 21 year old boy
doing a montage of kids playing at the
park hahahaha I'm gonna creep after you
look at my mustache yeah exactly even
creepier you're so weird yeah so weird
but you know he's entertaining children
which means I don't have to sit on my
butt which is nice because I am so
freaking sore today I'm in so much pain
I went to body blast again yesterday and
I hurt more than I've ever hurt my back
has never felt this sore in my entire
life nor have the back of my thighs or
my buttocks laugh all you want he'll be
worth it no pain no gain no pain no gain
what's that face for your next class
tomorrow get it going you're gonna feel
like yeah and tomorrow's another really
hard teacher both teachers are really
hard oh why he didn't wake up everybody
asleep you would go that it is a little
big on you sooo cute okay should elect
asleep I don't know she likes to sleep a
lot still sleep no hey don't teach the
boys bad thing you're teaching them
dangerous things no you're teaching how
to be dangerous don't break any of our
children's legs David where is he he's
on that slide to Mel whoa you just like
a pull-up you're so strong David is
begging us to go down the slide and I am
saying no no thank you
whoa little Tarzan boy good job used to
be terrified to go across this we're
also the only ones at the park which I
love out because the more children Oh
more stimulation which means more
chances there are 40 to go crazy and hit
someone oh and he has that had an appt
today what help me no it'll look so cool
though i'm not going to miss fine you go
down in any word you put a long way no
because i want to get him soon please i
want to get up in the same principle
this kind of fancy buddy sliding up
slide haven't you just do with the kids
I feel needs to gather and help David
produce a cool video ah should I
yesterday night yes no no listen she's
not going to stop filming your child's I
know I'm trying to discuss something
very serious about okay Takanawa slimey
I've tried to do this is a serious hi
what's wrong the serious issue it's not
so sure I love you very much oh hi what
do you need baby hey careful don't go
that don't go down this way this for
going up not down wanna sit you want to
see you know Bert be super toddler it's
supposed up only or else he will slip
lacoste will sing so slippery put you on
this Noah ready whoa so high whoa George
how coming to get you I'm coming to get
you whoa my sissy someone commented why
we why do you call her sister to see
when we know her name it's just a
nickname Noah can only face to see
currently so that's it we call her we
still remind him though that her name is
PJ and Penelope
huh just eating and talking into a
camera like what are you what are you
getting anything eating so we're doing
anything in hi hi pretty girl I don't
know what a drinker Macario toddy oh my
gosh man she was like I'm gonna ride
this I was like okay can i film it and
signal ask me feel that I fell and then
I was about to pull my camera and she
got on an eight-inch took ignore you i
really she was like pancake on the
ground just now really good oh yeah
why'd you back on that we told you not
even to get on there the first place we
can I've been wanting to stop by and wat
let no see the kids playing baseball for
so long now so we finally decided to
stop and he's just in heaven he made me
get him out of the cars out of the
stroller she look cute he just wants to
watch them play baseball stay there stay
right there so happy right now look at
him think I wanna go with her and play I
want to go out there and play he took
you so happy right now he wants his ball
and bat so bad okay to be so excited to
watch excuse me ever so excited of
groups of gate woohoo they're cool
you can't go play though the big kids
are playing right now okay because
they're playing whoa look look he's
running watch him and watch him run I
did it you got on base well this was
supposed to be me filming my actual
burger that was here on my plate and
delicious and say I'm getting it is long
and then they're taking forever and I
saw that person that come on your last
time which I enjoyed my haircut but it
took like you know yeah well little
skeptical of times so I made an
appointment with a barber yes and then
Sam came home and made us burger so we
got back in the park I've had delicious
burgers I love Sam's burgers how many
times when I say the word burgers
burgers is an awkward word there's you
put guacamole mmm-hmm an awesome sauce
that successive you a lot of that on
this is the seasoning i've been using
web a burger gourmet burger seasoning
has like kind of like a barbecue e
smelled of it next month yeah good yeah
but it tastes so i put some garlic salt
and it's like delicious i can eat all I
meet all the burgers yards they're good
give me all the birds audience like
those have been my best burgers yeah
with that come today yes I completely
agree and Noah this plate looks will
discuss meeting pretty getting the
entire web bird yeah thanks to you
okay Natalia burger if you haven't I I
don't like the word burger it's like
burger burger burger I'm bad I'm baby
I'm better get that and I guess I yeah
i'll be looking for wipes oh you guys
clean your hands huh oh good job Bubbe
wow we could just use what a kid we do
what a kid looking for the wipes down
there on the ottoman but they were over
there he wiped his nose to poor kids
saws or when he knows we don't know what
it is the babies are asleep well I've
been sick for a while it's I should be
asleep it's like 1030 yeah I should be
asleep it took it's so funny i tweeted
tonight that like pj usually falls
asleep on her own and then she was up
like an extra hour not a late nap James
like I don't say where you where I'm
saying there with bj reading Jen's tweet
trying to get her to sleep and I was
like then why'd you tweet that yes she
was not sleeping hi okay okay we're mad
you're good miss tomorrow anyway I think
part of is because I switch her to the
pack and play tonight to see how it goes
but she's asleep now so we'll see how
she does rest the night and if she likes
it and just to a gesture because we are
currently booking our trips for the
summer just about you wanna rock at my
head to Chicago yes I'm gonna become
scammers my family like with me it's
gonna be great my parents then we're
gonna drive to Cincinnati my parents are
gonna dress is ready we're driving day
on Erin and Julie to cincinnati with us
they're gonna come to chicago for a day
yeah and i'll be in cincinnati for a
couple days and then we're heading to
Kentucky for a couple days and then
we're gonna head to New York yes for a
couple days for cookies firm then and
then get it to the west coast back to
the west coast and then to California
later in the summer too yeah so then
after in New York we're gonna head back
to Utah and we'll be here and then we
have sams we have a family reunion on
his side and family
we have a family reunion for it oh no is
that in a week it's a memories are
beautiful like a week like all my family
yeah that's me crazy nuts and stuff yeah
so for a part of it they'll be staying
with us at our house which we really fun
before the reunion yeah Kenobi's
blessing yes that we have some people my
house had most of my family and then
we're gonna head to this huge head out
my family will be here yeah that time do
not own your house but they're all gonna
be in logan at the same time fine that
we're gonna have all my Anderson family
yes it's like how many people I don't
even know I don't know all the same
place it's like one giant mansion thing
I don't even know what's going on it's
me crazy so like starting in a couple
weeks it's just gonna be nonstop travel
we don't see our families often we've
been lucky enough and I grateful that
we've be able to see them as such as we
have enough for right for help that's
all any trips are always the family
right or YouTube stuff but I mean
conventions but we basically like plan
our summer with all of your exam you
want to see ya so then after the reunion
stuff either august or September we're
going to head out to California to see
my family for about a week or so so
it'll be fun with lots of fun and Andrew
Preston here thanks Rick yes and Andrew
my brother wonder coming here next week
and you're gonna see you're going to a
baby shower this weekend oh my god
you're gonna oh my gosh yeah Oh Julius I
don't remember anything it's terrible it
like scares me how much I don't remember
yes sir we eat dinner every day no I
just forget to Like until it's like five
o'clock oh crap i need to go good like
grocery shopping and it's because like
during that time I should be doing that
stuff i'm so tired I just want to sit
and do nothing for a nap time working on
we're still it's it's been a it's been
an adjustment for me with the two kids
like getting back into like my like
daily things anyway we're excited it's
moving fun summer I'm so excited for the
summer
man right now we're currently renting a
van gonna buy a minivan we're probably
gonna love it and be like we need one of
these someday um yeah it's gonna be
great so we have great jam-packed fun
summer hopefully the kids do well yeah
we're not doing my name is activities
and were like okay can they handle it ya
knows birthdays would be so fun though
all the cousins yes and my parents be
there and then we have fun things
planned for his actual birthday day
mm-hmm here's what I remember traveling
you know I mean and it's with the first
time he like you know what's going on
yes in a while huh like we kept it
pretty easy like lately right so it'll
be interesting I hope he does well he
really loves airplanes now and find some
fascinating some hoping he does better
on the plains now than he used to and
I'm hoping PJ handles it well and she's
never run the airplane so we'll see how
she does if she gets she likes noises
she does like this and no one's great as
an infant toddler right now but right
she yeah she doesn't let vinaigrette
it's like kind of worried about no going
to the baseball game and then we saw
what happened today with baseball kids
he's like obsessed oh my my moms like
why are you worried she's like nachos
hot dogs doc word yeah I think that was
gonna like the baseball game and I don't
mean like you like baseball but just
like be squirmy you know right I sorry
about it being like overstimulating and
like passes bedtime when i'm going crazy
love the soccer game he did but that was
also during the day that's true we're
going to add a game and then night game
yes so I think he'll be okay I think you
uh I'm also a little worried about PJ I
mean I'll be wearing her so I think
she'll be fine and like should be close
to me so it won't be too crazy for her
the noise I worry more about the noise
like he did you like get good some like
baby infant sorry headphones or
something I think if she's with me and
she has like my hands over her ears and
stuff I wish a PLC throw their hands on
her ears huh love you a crazy time
that's true so what have you hear
something yeah maybe looked a little
earplug or tomorrow hopefully we're
excited though
you fun time lots of fun things
happening also um I don't know if you
guys follow Haley and Brad divine they
are videographers and they have a
youtube channel now as well anyway they
travel a lot like internationally with
their infant there will toddler now and
they like being bring like a big pillow
and she just lays on that and they put
headphones on her and I'm like wow
that's smart thank you so I'm tempted to
like yeah they put like canceling
headphones doesn't but those are like
those will be for a tolerant like baby
sounds you're 22 years Oh perfect
objection so i'm kinda to bring a pillow
on the plane and see if no or pj want no
ban it hey no not he'll be fine i will
have snack is a bit the morning i'm
gonna make a son before a storm trooper
compliation for the ipad i'm gonna have
blogs for him i'm gonna have a goodie
travel bag for him like i'ma fill his
stormtrooper backpack up with like
different goodies to do each hour maybe
we just found a killer deal and we got
the extra space seeds so we'll have a
whole row be great mm-hmm we're more
excited keitel we're excited we're a
little excited to dance like crazier the
wood oh my gosh I'm so excited for this
wedding it's gonna be so freaking fun
shake it gluten so pretty purple I
steering just get blue and they can both
yeah just gonna blue or black it's our
black we'll just get black doesn't
matter doesn't matter me
you can reach a few chill soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood on the
bus go up and down all through the town
