I just got back from my workout and it
was so hard I can't hold this camera my
arms about to fall off body blast you
guys should try it body blast and then I
made my own little smoothie bowl but
forgot the peanut butter yeah Stefano as
my mama was right uh-huh and stuff I not
as good as a jamba but don't you want
try some whoa he just tripped you just
helped over my shoe he's good has had a
snot-nosed today so that's fun Oh was it
oh look what is it ants there's any ants
hi where yeah I don't see any ants no
ants your try some you didn't like it ok
this is face I forgot the peanut butter
it adds so much more to it you know like
to watch Dancing with the Stars together
he likes to dance wow you look so good
dancing well can go in
maybe the whooping Nene beautiful
dancing are you seeing miss Lamas she
just wants her face to be in whatever
she's playing on faceplant I don't get
it faceplant uh-huh I'd see if she wants
her pasty she doesn't love her pacifier
she really does that look at that face
you get the dead my mouth mom mmm hi my
sis are you ready to go back to sleep
unfortunately it's like really windy out
I went on unfortunately it's like super
windy outside and really cloudy it's not
supposed to rain but windows so I hate
when performing so I'm not really wanted
in the wind and I don't really want him
at wiggle worms no I'm together kid sick
worse so instead Te'o is gonna probably
come over here for a little bit I want
to put this girl back down she likes to
be upstairs with her in the room where
it's more quiet doesn't love sleeping
down here anymore unless I'm holding her
maybe I can go to sleep hey sweetheart
you're so sweet hey you so you do love
you Sam UL is currently at a work night
and then uh oh you went back on um
he's currently at a work meeting and
then I think this evening we're all
going to dinner with the gang because
they honk birthday is next week but
Tyler and Haley will already be out of
town so we kind of went to a friend
whoa whoa luckily how many mins do you
think this will last link to yeah
probably 20 two minutes hey what is wow
that looks beautiful tail I like your
technique I'm a double crane hold good
job guys the whole last like five
minutes next time hey singing Nalan
betta took second yeah the judges
leaderboard with the game came over
today and I'm just want us here I'm so
sore tattoos very into the show right
now okay daddy took off home we have
your training another with them yes I
did kids Noah's just obsessed with bio
but i watch this tale to our
neighborhood kid friends so that was fun
they all got to play together but we are
currently on our way headed to dinner
for to celebrate daehan's birthday
little early age isn't even for another
week or two because Tyler he leave to go
back to Cincinnati this I guess we'll be
celebrating in two ways yes lucky duck
he's in luck it up to birthday dinners
for this one um anyway so we're all
gonna basically is just like a friend
dinner I think this should just be a
friend dinner before time Haley get
married yeah instead of a birthday
dinner yeah although I think Tyler's
bringing me gift for dinner
looking for his gift on his birthday and
now we are yeah we're just we're
starving i got you know on today
yesterday the day before and now i just
had to throw so let's go eat some
mexican owed this bull puppy sauce
naughty hi yeah that'd get you a little
mini lightsaber oh he tell us there's
another one in my bag yeah I got these
like dollar little lightsaber toys that
are really cheap I thought it would be
really good distraction at dinner
because I feel like we have to wait a
long time I hope not Tuesday like the
night river and goes there oh shoot
looks like he did dang it i hope it
doesn't take 4 3 6 30 ah this is things
people don't take into account unless
they have kids I'm new in the writing
realize what I'm 16 30th well that's the
things that I only take you to a cat yes
hi oh and i forgot my mascara de onda
said you guys still good for 630 which
is in four minutes say already there
hahahaha all right let's go try to eat
some mexican food from hit me and myself
what is in what you guys yeah look are
you doing daddy you can pretty much flow
to his box ah finally
we can stop bugging me about it saying
you can't fit my camera on a roof it
what a pal I love his lightsaber no me
gusta daddy my paper war look at that
kid you girl uh-oh she's trying to eat
in your boobies Jia Jui the heavy milk
in there honey she's there have any milk
she's getting her zombie face what's the
zombie face when she looks too much with
it it's really scary it looks like a
zombie it seems da mihi she's like why
are you talking about me Mom
did you do it yes cease your like
clothes one is he scary looking yeah hey
did you learn a new word yeah oh there
you go you said he said oh there why are
we so happy to hear you say now I found
the correct pronunciation well any first
said you I said you anywhere he goes oh
and he goes no what's the word um no um
no why is it so cute it won't be cute
tomorrow it's cute today tomorrow not
sure about it because the only sees what
oh the he's really been doing well in
the past week yeah yesterday he said and
I tweeted this out he said one about
side like he said that like that because
we say that I'm even ever listed the
full sentence I well cuz I I want to go
outside then he goes trash truck there's
something else I can't remember I'm here
but you said something ya know you can
say no crack colors are good he said
this is blue during dinner you think oh
well what test out another color he's
gonna say was gonna back no that's oh
it's no no but you should say yes yeah I
guess I thought tomorrow where he's like
no no no Oh new word I feel like there's
been a new word or two every day how are
you trying to waste time you wanna watch
baseball yeah you say ball I've said it
before I think the standard average is
like 25 words by the tumbler to this
kids definitely passed I if like I said
tomorrow Wow why did we ever teach him
Wow okay we'll watch like an inning and
then you got to go take a bath and go to
bed okay that's when you say yes say
okay dad work on the rest hey guys
it's me and Penelope checking in so
people say we look alike do you think we
look alike do you think go into a black
you think we look like attentive
sometimes I've been putting note about a
lot lately and we've he's kind of grown
accustomed to it now since Penelope's
been born so we're trying to like mix
things up so it's not just like the same
every single day that's good if like
both of us put in of it or like Jen does
and not just me and same with her I
don't always put her in a bed sometimes
i do but more so Jen so we're just kind
of swampy tight right I think you like
mama more than me but I will try and i
will try it when your heart over i'm
gonna be happy i'm gonna be good you
better believe it i'm gonna be happy i'm
gonna be good get that understood i will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood kids are
asleep Jen to sleep time for me to go to
bed I've just been sitting you're
thinking so it's been a very strange
kind of weird day anyway sometimes you
just need moments to just meditate
