we uh we forgot it was trash day stay
here so Sam went on a mission to try and
buy the dress truck you did it he went
in found the trash guy he just took it
to the end of the block oh my gosh I
brother zoom in on him its hilarious oh
my gosh I like really got mistreated by
garbage I was like I can read we got to
put it up Nelson I hear it I was like oh
crap well it's finals put on the other
so they Street me already bit of it some
music he took all the way down the block
oh my gosh that was so funny hey
thinking maybe we got it done anyways I
think where are you going corrected
Marty to a ten o'clock I've already
gotten so much work in things done and
then you super here if I taking this
trash on my down sweet Noah hey what
happened Noah what happened yeah dad I
did what what do you do did I go running
down the street what did I with the
garbage can and what happened yeah can
the guy that's your tragedy Johnny did I
do it give me high fives Papa's dude's a
trash truck you can take cash check or
garbage truck kind of these days what's
it called what's it called Noah garbage
truck trash truck huh yeah he's all done
he did his work now he's going bye-bye
ah is it so good outside josh schoch
fresh duck oh yeah trash yeah our line
is trash our yard I mean I didn't want
he'll be back another day do you see him
maybe he'll come back Noah and we're
currently watching watch cartoons
actually pretty good mm-hmm they're
entertaining and this little lady hey
you see daddy running down the street
with the garbage can
was that embarrassing no dots up so
here's really good hi I'm gonna hold her
okay go sit by dad hey sit by dad and
you can hold her oh yeah and look at
Blue Dog got the diaper today huh okie
you say Blue Dog Mara he's a blue dog hi
this day she sleeping really good well
pretty good she she only woke up like
twice in the mail of the night which is
very good well three times if you count
like midnight it's like midnight 336
five or six so it's not too bad whoa its
last night wasn't too bad the night
before she slept from midnight until
five which was crazy awesome ah but she
will only sleep on her side I have to
put her back in her bed on her side and
she'll go right back to sit if I put on
her back now what in the world she won't
like his head on the ceiling she won't
go back to sleep as fast whoa Oh dad
strong whoa are you smiling over here am
I missing this miles hi yeah there's a
good smile your little face is getting
so chunky I love it look at that double
chin is really filling out these days hi
Oh doesn't it look like anyone oh my are
you stuck in the want in that blanket
basket Noah oh no one needs help she's
smiling at you guess where came my juicy
yes Jen
Jen doesn't have do you become sorry you
always just remind any of your Cubs
shirts we were planning on going to a
gamer to this summer one for sure maybe
more and so we had to get Jenna Jersey
you ready to unveil even even seen it
yet it's funny that I'm wearing mine
today we're one of mine that's legit
it's like a girl fit she'd ran hey guys
/ Asst yeah Jen like Zobrist yeah they
look very pretty stretch um well we got
no letter no wait till its birthday no
Sean oh look at you look at you hey Zuma
now your bum oh just a legit it looks
nice I like it very nice material you
like it huh cool all right you don't
know I got two things for no you did was
wrong okay oh look okay what size did
you get 3g yeah it's so cute oh my gosh
it's so cute oh I did not wear them like
this happening yeah oh that one's really
cute and i love that ends of elko that's
nice yeah sweetie I made sure it was so
in case you needed to like yeah thnkx
more it's so cute I want to give it to
them now no let's say that so save it
will pull it out before we go to the
game sorry that Jersey is so cute I know
we almost have a two-year-old it's crazy
month almost thank you I have a fast
yeah how are you ready fast these are
known as favorite songs now metal jam
Darth Vader metal play the beginning
boom boom boom hey welcome to my dark
side
Oh
you
flash now in the key
to the bread
you're thinking cause grief disturbance
in the force
there we go
Sam's the best he's currently uh tasting
the children this little lady we just
had an ear of a near-death experience
there was a huge giant black spider on
my arm while I was nursing her it was a
close call it was really close call oh
boy girl hey girl what's up girl oh hey
oh hey Taji we came to wet the park with
the best friend tail no only wants to go
to him oh oh I got the huh camera oh no
really to wrap things up sorry about how
the lens is kind of blurry foggy
sometimes this camera just gets beat up
using it every single day and with kids
and things so we're actually getting a
new camera the first week of june
because a new version of this one's
coming out so we're just going to
upgrade it and then i'm going to get
this to a family member that wants to
record and take pictures with it
hopefully we can get it cleaned up a
little better just bunnelby sure right
now as you can see there's a big mess on
the guest bed and this is her dresser
her clothes closet with all the clothes
and stuff so the previous vlog we
mentioned that we were going to get no a
big boy bed when Joe actually said like
earlier she's like maybe we should just
put they'll be in the pack and play and
then a million of you guys started
suggesting that sounds like mom Jen
look at that it runs with you I don't
even know if we mention that in that
vlog so i think what i'm going to do
tomorrow is actually move this bed into
my office i'm going to clean the office
up even more i'm just enough to move
things around because that will be kind
of like our guest room and people come
because this will be Penelope's room
although people could sleep in here as
well we'll figure it out but yeah and
then we'll put a pack and play either in
here or in our room for a little bit and
keep them in the crib for the time being
because he does sleep so well removed
his bedtime from 730 28 so now he sleeps
from like eight until eight straight
through the night doesn't even wake up
anymore ever since we had Penelope he is
not woken up in the middle I maybe once
actually in almost two months that's the
plan for now I got to get this room
cleaned up and then my office a little
bit more organized and then we'll get
things going for them I think that's the
right decision right now we don't want
to force anything no what does love his
crib is it like babying him I don't know
he's still a baby's not even two yet and
it's just comfortable forms not like
it's a bad bed so we don't want to get
to grips I think that's a good decision
thanks for suggesting that in the
comments guys it just kind of reaffirmed
kind of what we're thinking so anyways
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
we will see you guys tomorrow love you
peace
if you choose soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
then we come
