everyone here with ya around the house
and to target throwback deliciousness
who ate these as a kid I only really
like this part I barely ready to fire
did you like these sick ones or the
crackers like I like the crackers mostly
agree like spread the cheese with a
little red uh-huh
stick I like the stick kind cuz I just
like to dunk just a little cheese on a
stick
how you doing yeah I watching yo gabba
gabba sister cousin sipping a lot and
she's currently you fed and changed and
probably back to sleeping and she likes
to sleep that one she loves her carseat
so much can we talk about that I mean
it's gonna change you guys no I do you
know that's true no kid likes cart
really though car makes me so tired I
fall asleep every time I'm in the car I
think really that excuse every time
we're in the car I just can't help it no
just not getting enough sleep no that's
true but cars are just like it's just
relaxing like though like the sound I
don't know I just get really tired in
cars anyway we will keep boosting
I get a full tini later when she's not
hidden beyond the booth her eyes look so
blue in the lay it was like but Jenny
and I just had a quick little dinner
together it's delicious
those been extra good lately he's been
really good with sister he's been extra
patient
he's just been good today there's also a
bunch of kids on our street that they're
like a little Jedi's today we were
outside and Noah saw them and they all
had lightsabers there's like at least
four or five six lightsabers Jenna was
battling them and we're and I come
outside with Penelope so yeah I get know
a lightsaber today which is a big
commitment because that they're gonna
hit Penelope it would be possibly a good
lesson of discipline right are you gonna
be good with the only saber yeah do you
deserve one probably should be it but no
one when he was fighting me he didn't
really try to hit me then he's just like
yeah we just we gotta set the ground
rules yes and just pretend always
pretend okay and we'll probably fight it
every time
all right ready let's go I don't know I
don't know there's any way to really
rationalize this decision actually the
real question is what color is it yet
what color lightsaber do you want green
blue no these are for me I'm just
kidding I have about an amiibo in months
really well look at all these holy cow
everyone I talked about how toys rest
has so many I'm not gonna get any no I
saw of going to Toys R Us I'd get like
excited poops feelings like my mom and
sisters when they'd go into a scrapbook
store they'd get the same feeling it's
funny I used to always come to Toys R Us
to collect Star Wars Micro Machines I
got trying to collect a bunch of them I
now know assess them so let's go look
over there
Star our stuff over there let's go whoa
it's Luke and Han Solo what day in this
place is crazy good thing we don't live
near one of these is it r2
Wow we don't have a gun yeah me either
okay lightsaber what color do you want
like green or red here there's blue and
behind it a blue hold the hold all three
up and see which one he chooses which
one obi-wan green he wanted a green
today which one all right oh I love all
three of those colors you want red right
are you sure that's one you aren't ready
all three of those colors you want red
hey I have something for more than red
I was hoping he'd want to be a Jedi and
not really be able to dark side but
he's currently he's still going I love
time so it's happy Sunday
Wow beautiful entrance to the video son
Noah has eat slept pooped peed drink
juice and water with that lightsaber too
then yeah all day yeah you only got me
once right yeah arm can you still see
it's a little red I'm definitely
definitely still have the mark minute
Jedi Academy video on YouTube that we
watched this morning where he learned to
use his laser here right straight from
Disney World
yeah and my friend Joey bug just sent a
video because she works for Disney World
of all the stormtroopers and Darth Vader
and all of them and no I was watching it
probably 10 times already so my
international people yes
Barcelona just scored so much that means
Barcelona's probably I won so we meant
to talk yesterday except I'm gonna
target and literally forever and so I
thought to move you might want to see a
little mini haul of what we got
Noah's actually wearing one of his new
shirt summer shirts we have some new
summer clothes cuz we only buy stuff
when we yeah so Sam's bring out all the
bags but notice the mature
show me your shirt it's got Darth Vader
and r2d2 a stormtrooper and it says like
what they let sound they make like it
says you want a stormtrooper which we
just thought was hilarious so and it has
a Chewbacca yes yo moma you're sure a
mummy show mama George on earth if I
have you are curious it's three teeth
he's an only 35 you say I'm always
inside cause I crap through to you grab
three tea or 40 like something bigger
and he's like it looks so big and
they're gonna put gel in my hair full a
halt Hey look I know we're gonna do the
target ball you show everything I'll
give it to you and then you bring it to
market this one's bad right yeah new
couch pillows oh yeah or so yeah freshen
up our couch a bit we got this cute
little pillow I really like this one
I wish there's a big one like it and we
got a cute one with all tassels and dry
there is another one with like a whole
bunch of colorful tassels I think a lot
of all gone and that's why you don't get
pillows with tassels yeah there's one of
the tassels ruined
how long will the test until the test
those are gone hey Sherlock I think
we'll make it a week because now one's
already gone anyway we got two pillows
this is a now we'll go through those
clothes we got this cute little fish
tank top summerhall for no gray and he's
joining you another cute little tank
tops and families and just we couldn't
leave without them because they're so
cute
gonna pair his first pair of jean shorts
these first pair of jean shorts the
month so cute and then we got him these
little grey shorts also these are two
big shorts now this for you this kind of
her sister she doesn't have any zero to
three months passed with it so it's got
a parallel jeggings first and then
little hat Wolfe summer hat so I can
bring her outside and not be worried
about the sides
that's resistor we got second sound
machine because we were establishing
family I mean I don't think we have to
be a sense you know we don't fight about
this no we don't be it's not watching
family but I feel like we're just ugly
and there's usually people over so it's
just good to have a little sound okay
well who's next one we might not use it
yet but we founded our wars underwear
and we just couldn't leave out it ready
to be potty trained for good yeah just
yeah we are in closer he knows when he's
peeing like he said I paint I paint and
like the oldest diaper like he knows
when these ones bathroom so we're
getting closer we got this little trip
for Noah
another summer shirt but actually we
only buy let me buy supplies three times
a year for yes the nice where is it yeah
oh yeah
no shirt cute little summer my shirt ah
yeah that's your Star Wars I'm beads and
then we got we have a lot of shirts yeah
I told you I was like superhero shirt
because we kind of wanted to start
showing them superheroes and not just
start worse and we've got who's got Star
Wars swim trunks anything you really
like now because these is very to
starboard like I don't want to start
showing him that there's other cool
things other cool like superheroes might
be interested we got sister some crib
sheets because we're getting closer to
moving her and took her own room that's
it that's it oh look it's cute little
one with hearts and there's a pink one
because I use do is rotate
no just two pairs of shorts because I
had just realized shorts me that's
that's what I did received by a bunch of
shorts from Old Navy but that's all I
know straight for him anyway we're
getting closer to moving sister into her
own room and dirt crib because she
doesn't she likes to lay on her side
like she has to sleep with her face like
touching the bed or whatever it is
that means we're very close to you know
being in his big with it yeah just
really scary because I really don't want
to transition him out of the group
because he's so great in his crap and
he's showing no signs of wanting to like
climb out or anything like that but we
really don't want to buy it seven crib
like at all because he's so close to
being done with the crib so we might
just transition sooner rather than later
even though luckily no wait till he's
ready which was also why I'm like let's
just leave the walls up but we'll see
we'll see how it goes
well keep talking with them and see if
he's like ready for it look at these
look like yeah so we're not quite there
yet but uh I just I couldn't not get
them try them these go these aren't a
diaper though if you put these on you to
go potty in the in the toilet
that'll be a fun venture coming out yeah
look at these ones are cute too huh look
at all those characters I we couldn't we
couldn't leave them good
character you're safe you must obey mama
you will be punished
Yes Mother
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
