that morning everyone
it's Friday morning and we are headed to
place where we're giving a gogit PJ's
tongue checked out and probably cut or
lasered I'm not sure which process he
will be doing but we will see and so I
didn't go smoothly it's good sometimes
it was just used to the tent you know I
think it'll be better nothing to be good
so here we go
I don't wanna say I'm nervous but Mike
just a little anxious yeah all right
hopefully after not see is I gonna go oh
hey I'm just getting you changed real
quick a second ago I could actually see
it I think we have a picture of it hey
let me see your mouth you bring your
tongue up other it is kind of oh oh no
they're just such a good mood right now
let me see lift your tongue up oh there
was there was all right Rebecca we're
back I was actually able to get a quick
little clip here
oh she's mine they were smiling so the
first time we tried to do it and he was
gonna do with like a little laser thing
and she just wasn't really cooperating
she was pretty uncomfortable which we
expected so then Jen took her and the
other room and fed her and we gave it
another try and then right after you
decided to go to sleep huh you took a
little nap you've been napping right now
you're awake how'd it go
is it good oh you happier now you don't
seem upset or anything huh so I haven't
really looked at it since we've gotten
home we'll let her rest for a little bit
but we I guess with some kids
so yeah they lasered just like a tiny
piece off it was pretty thin he said it
wasn't too bad - like operate on so it
went pretty well it did take a while the
doctor was awesome super patient really
good with her
I've run an office I'm super nice and
they just happen to sing our catch you
is because she is pretty thank you
that's me yeah so I think we made the
right decision the doctor said it was a
good decision and then hopefully this
means you can latch on even better and
everything else will go well so
shouldn't be any side effects of it so
I'm really uh I'm happy we're home and
resting and no was taking a nap right
now we just had a quick little lunch
Tyler and Hailey we're taking care of
him he had fun I just love the way she
smells it's funny cause like she got she
started crying like during it cuz she
was just uncomfortable and she did wear
these little goggles and we had to wear
goggles too she looked like a little
like demolition baby and then as soon as
over you know she's not crying until now
it was like instant though like she was
done crying so time to eat whatever eat
and then we'll check it out they said
like with some kids like older kids when
they get it done that did you like
exercises cuz it can actually like men
back and heal back both her so probably
be
cuz sheets and as you know she's a baby
you can't be like hey here's some
exercises so we'll check back in a bit
if we can get a good clip of it and I'm
just happy everything went well it's up
dude you're fine I'm done
how was your nap Jeff good nap
so we took a little break no take a nap
uh Penelope is fed twice already and Jen
says that she feels like she's latching
on better but we'll see yeah small
sample size right I need to see how it
goes tonight because it's usually worse
at night yes so without I just didn't
realize it and so she don't know she's
doing well she's been so wiped out
though she's just been eating and
sleeping really and now we're gonna go
play with Kay oh and what are we gonna
do we'll see how today I can go down the
slides and stuff now so I don't know to
help more with Noah because Pam gets a
little sweaty
he's working he's more coordinated now
Bango kind of
if I can see them
good job
workout first day watch out
nothing
look you joined the party oh gosh no to
cover everything Toyota
no we love animals tell we don't beat up
animal
my best friend how are you oh I thought
you loved me
you let me hold you oh you even want to
go through that and not hang out with me
I think Jenna's party should raise I
think you guys should race ready I'll
tell you guys win got my girlfriend here
as my other girlfriend right there all
right ready this intense no one no no
pushing plate there you say ready set go
there you got guys post in the comments
here you've got the Giant
like chicken break wow that was
something all right let's go check on
della there he goes there he goes good
job dude keep going yeah just right
there Oh a little I'd be careful be
careful
good job dude you have way more control
and just everything than my tailors over
there keep going
you did
the whole time don't be a bad idea
my whole arm is scratched up
- the red body and it broke my body
jumping whatever
that's good
yeah cinemas like oh wow no it's big
enough to do everything by himself now
whoa whoa hi
I spoke too soon well okay he'll like it
all the way back
so far everything's gone really well
with her I don't think the procedure is
that painful for it was very quick but
it just always hard to see your kids and
any sort of discomfort or pain or
anything like that you're just like oh I
just want to take that all away from you
thank you everyone I was thinking about
us I sent a tweet out and something else
responded and it's always just good to
have that kind of support system so
thank you guys I hope you had fun today
we'll keep you guys updated on how
everything's going and we'll see you
guys tomorrow love you peace I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
