happy Friday I feel like you probably
don't recognize me because I've got
makeup on today
good morning everyone well afternoon
it's 1:00 in the 120 in the afternoon
today I've got to run a few errands no
went to school this morning he had a
good time and now he's at home chillin
poor things get so frustrated over
everything anyway yes it's 120 afternoon
in PJ is with me and a week but guy it's
like I'm not to do I'm kind of just
testing the waters because she is
refusing to nap right now and if she
does she's like in her bed for like an
hour and a half until she actually falls
asleep and then just sleeps like anyway
what I was saying is PJ is refusing to
nap it takes her like an hour to fall
asleep it's really miserable for
everyone and all parties involved and
she's kind of do that thing that Noah
did at this age where he decided he
wanted to stop napping but then I
eventually gotten to nap by driving him
around for a few months and I was able
to transform and then and then he just
stopped naps anyway I feel like I'm
about to enter that stage with her and
I'm not ready for it wish me luck with
the tired sick baby who won't refuse a
snap on her own
maybe defects leaked out PJ is home
asleep now she fell asleep on our drive
home thank goodness she was so tired and
kind of threw a fit in the store that
was her in we were in Deseret book 2
which is like a very like quiet place I
was like okay so I'm glad she ended up
falling asleep I think I'm just gonna
bump her nap and have her nap at 1:00
but I wish it would just never earlier
in the day
rats it's okay but I am just stopping to
do one more errand well the kids are
Rachid asleep and then we're going to
ding dong ding ding dong ditch a few
people after a her nap with no put some
stuff on some people's porches
I got a lots of morgue lots of more
cleaning up to do downstairs my dad
actually comes tonight which is fun our
first visitor is arriving tonight and
then the rest of my family comes
tomorrow throughout the day I'm not sure
at the time when mom will probably be
here first yeah and so I'm really
excited
first house not so successful she's
running away chopped her gaze off second
one didn't go as well either the person
who dropped it off had the little camera
that you can see the front door and I
knew that the ananda ditching that they
had won but I still didn't it but soon
hear me not so I headed home to text her
so that was a flop till but anyways it
was fun go to the park for permits but
guys I told myself owed me to never be
one of those people that's like it's so
cold in Arizona but when your body
adjusts to like a hundred degree heat
everyday having like under treaty
everyday like 54 54 and windy feels
really cold we have a low of 33 which is
actually like really low but it's like
55 degrees out it's sunny
it seems nice out but there's a breeze
and it's like really cold breeze we went
out there were to the park for a little
bit after I was too cold I was like guys
I'm cold let's go you still have like
we've all still got stuff going on I
don't want it to turn into anything
worse from the cold outside so we can't
let any more guys handle a Utah winter
Santa's arrived my goodness he just
keeps I got more in the car he's walking
in Oh - giant presents for Noah yeah
this I love this very gift that's it uh
now we're talking oh never leave all is
French this game by five pounds to be
put on again nah old-fashioned
gingersnap people bring me something my
dad would always bring him stuff
seriously
look things are so big the kids are
going to open them you finally died our
first guest has arrived in Athens asleep
since like 9:00 o'clock
I fell asleep like 9 o'clock tonight
that was so tired it passed out
I took tylenol and passed out hey you
hear this you hear this it's not just us
I told you it was cold today excited
happy Friday I feel like you probably
don't recognize me because I've got
makeup on today feeling good
actually I'm still just like just a
teensy bit stuffed up with just a little
bit but I'm feeling much better just got
those dang hormonal headaches that I get
with pregnancy what I'm gonna hold you
anyway oh you think papa anyway I went
this morning to a wonderful baptism a
friend it was really exciting and really
fun and now I'm home and my mom and
Andrew should be here any minute I
thought they'd be here at 11:00 we go
upstairs okay walk upstairs so yeah
we're just waiting for them wave stuff a
little bit more to clean up in that
spare room there's lots of Christmas
basically in that room boo Wow
no I hope you clean it before Rachel
gets here good morning sunshine
and oh geez here it's cold out there
come in it's not great Caesar doesn't
get cold
yeah you're not contagious what I said
screw things first thing Jenny I've
asked you because I've asked you 10
times is lady not contagious
good are you sure I'm just tired I'm
sorry I'm going to take this puppy out I
feel bad for Jen the past week she's
kind of been solo vlogger as I've been
trying to wrap up everything to end a
year and here we are I feel like I'm on
Christmas break now we've made it
family is arriving I kind of combined
like 24 hours of clips I'm sorry for
that but you guys will get the rest of
Friday tomorrow this will just help me
going forward
here we are Christmas let's go get ready
somebody's calling me and just if their
mom right now hello the snacks and all
the Christmas goodies are pouring in no
how many more days till Christmas you go
do is always bag here's a question to
wrap up the vlog and I have a question
for you have you been a good boy this
year has pj what about me what about
mommy
what about app what about David yeah
what about Rachel
what about Ozzie what about grandpa what
about Matt what about Ryker yeah
what about Cara Lee yeah what about
Hayley what about Tyler is Harry missing
anyone else it's coming I think that's
everyone
dang it's party time baby dad been
saying no let's see it dad
anyways I feel good that's like the most
caught up I've been in feels like three
months so let's get the show on the road
happy holidays guys if you're traveling
places to be with family friends loved
ones or if you're staying at home be
safe have fun Merry Christmas
