good morning I love the sister they just
want to cuddle every single morning
except I think it's only know I'm not
really her but good morning well Jen
just got back her work out so I couldn't
work out no pain no gain baby yeah I
heard I heard my whole body hurt I know
it just wants to be with sister which is
every morning it's great we document
this every morning cuz it always cracks
me up cuz he's like obsessed in there in
the morning and that kind of tells off
but oh just keep giving her hugs all
right let's get her out let's get her
out Noah Haley's first time at homes I
pictured this moment happening right
under this sign Wow Noah you excited to
be here
Oh pants
heywhy he likes to be rub his arms like
that poses his eyes
mama no no okay duty daddy
Reuben sandwich delicious no one's got a
burger how's your burger Noah is it good
yep - no wait for hailey to eat our food
get a reaction I'm so excited to eat
this right now I've never
they are doing half and half
to sandwiches sandwiches oh yeah cool
good salty okay yeah look at those
carrying around this book that Sam just
got him from a Sam's Club the Star Wars
character book and he has to carry
everywhere because restore to that yeah
the Star Wars whirring outside
this is attempting to sleep upstairs so
we'll see how she does and it looks like
it's gonna be kind of cold out so
hopefully it stays next for a little
while so you can play yeah let's go
Danny Lions except for he doesn't blow
me just rip them apart
katana blow it hey what do you have
spider-man ice cream I just can't man
because that was like my childhood I
lived in the apartment complex for a lot
of my childhood like apartment complexes
and whenever that man came by all the
kids ran ready to get like all the
change under I'll find quarters in the
couch and it was your so fun so I just
I've gotta have that experience with my
kid that's a very creepy
icecream truck hey good it's spider-man
this spider-man ice cream huh
I've seen you record this moment because
you know I'm just sitting here getting
our ice creams
watching these little things about train
and Peter's just chill in their bed and
you're so happy like this is just extra
this better be more silly anyway a
schnitz like Duncan isn't actually just
you know I just sitting here
oh look at that that is one happy camper
are you happy look at ya I smell of a
Zoey she wants to sleep so bad but she
doesn't won't give in she won't give in
look mom I know you're talking about me
I hear you chips another roll today but
stuff that we needed from Sam's pub like
books look like a bunch of my book
that's really played all the way anti
edited all the dogs what yeah okay
Noah's been fighting all the different
types of stormtroopers in this book
super dad he's been a super dad today
Graham takes it gonna take a few
pictures
oh my gosh you're silly
Oh see if you won't give in you just
won't give in a Miss mean she'll go to
bed tonight
come show me your awesome hair that you
did yourself Wow incredible Noah
ladies a week look at her cute without
that document ok she's so cute
and she's already in three-month clothes
the ball 0 2 3 really this is the arrow
2 3 but it looks so big hanging out but
non hurt like it was like almost small
hi sis hi cutie hey jibiji girl kids are
pretty cute so tomorrow we're actually
gonna go see the doctor and see if
Penelope should have her tongue operated
on as we mentioned in previous vlogs um
my sister noticed that about a week ago
she's like it's Penelope tongue-tied she
might be and I always thought it kind of
looked different than Noah's tongue and
that pasta it was a possibility so we're
gonna go get a professional opinion
tomorrow and see what's up Jenna's a
picture we'd have like a good video of
it but um is this picture that I can you
kind of see what we're talking about so
we're gonna go get that looked at and
also I think it would be interesting to
have like more conversation maybe I'm
like Sundays we used to do q and A's
here and there there is a topic that
came up recently those of you that watch
prank vs. prank boyfriend vs. girlfriend
Jesse and Jeana their channel they are
splitting up and in their video they
talk about vlogging whether it's healthy
for your relationship and Jenna and I
talk about this all the time
honestly we tend to always put our
relationship and our family ahead of
everything in life like family's pretty
much first and because of that I feel
like we do have a healthy relationship
but I can see how that can totally
disrupt a relationship if Jenna and I
put so much pressure on ourselves
vlogging and maybe like being people who
we aren't just so we can get like more
views or do things that are out of what
we believe in like that would totally
mess up our relationship this is
something that Jenna and I like
discussed a lot just about kind of like
staying true to ourselves and who we
want to be how we want to represent
ourselves what we want our kids to
seeing us when they watch these when
they're older
and I don't know I think it'd be an
interesting topic to dive into maybe we
could do like a hangout with other
people at blog and just talk about it
people in relationships Tyler and Haley
aren't getting engaged and you guys kind
of saw that unfold Jen said to me that
the hardest time for our relationship
over vlogging was when we first started
and we were still in school we were
working 30 to 40 hour weeks going to
school full-time we had found out that I
was pregnant and we were vlogging and
sometimes we just didn't have any time
to record anything so we felt some days
like oh wow like we need to record or do
something you know and it was just a
hard time because we were so busy so
that was such a long time ago I was like
two years ago but I remember that it was
kind of hard at times it definitely
doesn't affect our relationship like
that really anymore so that's good Jenna
and I always work at that every single
day we don't go go to bed without
talking and and talking about how we
feel about every every area of our life
so anyways I think it'd be fun to talk
about it be interesting let me guys know
if you think so as well
and yep I'm going to get Penelope looked
at tomorrow we'll keep you guys up to it
and hopefully we get like a video or
something and keep you guys in the loop
because we always appreciate your
support for us it's not good love you
guys
see you tomorrow peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good get that understood
many of you guys have recommended these
Triscuit sriracha or at least like said
hey check these out there.this or sigh
mom they're asleep pretty good I usually
don't like that artificial like si Racha
I'd rather just put zeros on stuff but
these are actually pretty good I could
definitely eat these I might buy another
box so thank you for the recommendation
I was like it when you guys look out for
me it's pretty fun
