good morning Noah how was your sleep is
it good
what's your word of the day each day
you've been learning a new word ball no
a second ago you were saying orange
juice good morning sweet world we are in
for a fun day today there are a lot of
activities planned for Noah and the
family we just had a little breakfast
burrito which pretty much just look at
this picture right here this is exactly
what happens with a little toddler eats
a burrito now we're playing with
play-doh
hello peaceful morning except for all
the pews
who taught you to boom Storch I know
orange orange juice
people the key to a happy wife happy
relationship happy whatever it's not
just doing good things for them on their
birthday or Mother's Day or those
special days and yes chick-fil-a is
special to the Imams in breakfast
gotta make normal days feel
extraordinary as well here smiling get
her to smile
the Gators oh she's ready to eat your
face oh she's not in it anymore I don't
think oh okay okay okay oh you want to
find a balance a soft and gentle eye dad
be oh just hope from the park no one's
sleeping and sisters is still sleeping
as well and who please stop by after
shift from before another shift I was
working
then Tyler and Haley should be coming
over sand hopefully because she has a
milk and I love pinis I'm so excited to
see her combusted I saw her I was huge
I'm pregnant what what in the world
I'm handstand actually also sneak peek
Sam looks real fine in that outfit we're
saying open open it a little so little
like I thought he was a baby and they
all know it too oh my gosh crushes
another baby last time I saw you I was
pregnant I know it was not crazy like by
the way oh she's very cuddly right now
it's only because she's white I love
Tyler you're my favorite baby she is
you're my favorite baby you woke up mr.
fuss buckets what's up dude hey Tammy
she's so light it holy cow
oh she's just staring into your eyes
she's like who's holding me like gosh
he's got blue eyes too I know
baby crying huh no big yawn
B do you smile that looks so different
like everyday good job
look you're floating I'm just in here
with my little busty bow it is they
drive welcome tribe woods nice when the
Sun is not being covered by the cloud I
thought you'd come in your hot pants
some trucks no it's cool
it was not cold
probably a diet supplement and a waist
trainer cutting calories incomplete half
if not more than so I'm going to read I
don't know and tell me if I'm right okay
I'm working out five hours a day the arm
was not goofy
hey mom
yuck oh look at that please Wow
Noah look Noah
where is it Oh wine admirers that that's
crazy
how does it feel seeing your fiance with
a baby in his arms he does it warm up
the ovaries oh good job good job Tyler
good job you win Wow good job good time
what's out good job buddy
so that's day now Vicky Riggs he was
kicking before okay kick back to Daddy
good job kiddo we table yummy dinner and
now we are sitting with torches tired
watching some baseball look at what
there's two little babies three babies
oh yeah there's storage I asked no don't
watch a movie or baseball before
Benton's at ball you guys went down in
something well it's my ball huh
you have baseball jammies on and you're
watching bulk yeah yeah there's a
battery the bull helmet yeah get ready
first cry her cry / yeah because seven
or eight yep I used to cry every night
at midnight yeah I'll take I'd rather
have hers when she cries just about
seven or eight dog crying at midnight
was very hard because I'm like good once
the kids are asleep we're having a party
survived by night surviving
if finality will let us I can't claim
elements 8:30 and she wants to be asleep
so she's just tired she's just tired she
wants to be asleep but just wants to be
asleep while you're holding right here
it is survivor finale night yes it's
that time already
we're already here survivor finale night
everyone's rooting for everyone but odd
dream robbery so I I want Sydney or
table I think all right written for
Sydney okay Wow I'm not redoing that you
guys are crazy
okay well spoiler alert we might give
away who wins during this just giving
you a heads up right now it will happen
in this time right now it's a little
different this time we've got the babes
okay let's begin
spoiler alert don't look don't look we
were all wrong we were all wrong on who
we thought we'd win that's great though
we wanted to win as you watch the show
the episode today
weird it was a wonderful night reenter
tonight I'm actually bringing
turtlenecks back survivor is fun that
was a good finale we didn't really
record too much during it I think we did
last time but I won't I give away
everything but it was it was cool it's
good
it was the most I expected I think I was
you know I expected season so who
watches survivor because when it's the
next season sir Oh
fall this fall so if we may come a month
break I wanted to do something next time
I want to like have a good game or
something that we all play together oh
my god their prediction or like everyone
you will get yeah well there's me like
more people than just like how many
contestants are on it
since really live show after discussion
and fun day though we still haven't
shown Penelope's tongue oh that's what
we're doing right Friday morning morning
Friday yes and the comments a lot of you
have been talking about how you actually
were tongue-tied like people and how to
get it treated like right away so feel
good about our decision yes you have
brought positive confirmation
affirmation to us that we are doing the
right thing yes I'll be all we believed
for sure thing now we'll get the medical
opinion of course but it's just
interesting to know that like so many
people go through that the very common
things so yeah I was trying to know I'm
like no it's from you telling lets up
your tongue any like good I think he's
fine anyways time for bed
we're excited for summer and for this
fun me candies in town for a long time
and so it's gonna be really fun a couple
weeks actually and then they get made
those weeks
hiding times coming up so let's meet
tomorrow bye
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you're bad understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
you thought I'm just
