Oh
who are you gosh you're strong dripper
are you here to protect our family who
sent you here was it's Darth Vader he
did ah but you're a good story you're
here to protect the family Wow look at
that piece of cardboard that's a blaster
or a bite tippers depending on what do
you want are you receiving your orders
from kylo Ren is he telling you to be
good today yeah give me a nice and
sister eat all your food clean up you
need good boy today yeah that what color
runs telling you to do protect the
family i justed real an idea I should
start making videos as Papa storage and
give him tasks each day because
yesterday when I was wearing my storage
helmet I was like telling him things
that he should do and he was like of
course of course if thou'rt says it
start just cooler than parents I'll have
a storage not parents so if i make like
a little series that like talk about
good behavior my when he needs to watch
a certain one be like hugging is good do
not hit cleaning up is what's torches do
have like a video be mopping that just
might be a brilliant idea and it just
might work judges went to work out at
the gym she's doing a Zumba class today
I think I'm not sure and I'm gonna try
and edit a vlog well she's gone cuz he's
been he's being good he's watching like
Star Wars unboxing or something you have
a fun did good cook are you gonna wear
that all day oh no baby he says baby now
these usually everyone's first word look
not his it's like his uh I know word I
love it cuz he still says okay hey baby
you sound nowhere so I had my first
workout postpartum today and I think I'm
just gonna sit here on the couch the
rest of the day can you know this mask
always pulls on it I skin I don't wanna
do we got tightening a little bit he
woke up wanting storch she's gonna go to
bed
storch and he just even once torch we
just had he just had a major meltdown
because he pulled on sisters arm so
we're having him say star and he went it
so we took storage away until I said
sorry and he eventually said sorry
because he really wanted storage back
but he isn't beanie today hi yeah oh
he's saying it again you already said it
anyway he said baby and he said help mom
they helped mom member help mom and I'll
help you uh-huh we're trying to not have
him just like anyway uh workout was very
hard ah a body blast back that might've
been a little too rough for my first
time I first evening that's okay it was
good I sweat a lot today that cook by
more historically it sounds like this
use another language at the time okay we
have a new visitor to the house and it's
not just David its mama storage oh my
goodness look at this outfit Wow what
are we doing later tonight okay Noah
who's that is it mamas torch yeah I
seriously cannot see how good this
series is cold start in life there's so
many kids here today too he's just in a
storage math
no what see you hi good job I didn't
know store just decline no I show mom
don't try this at home where you fall
and break a leg I store guys like what
it feels like oh oh gosh it's crazy
David your body's answered all the chill
for the store I mean at the park I'm
living the baby Disneyland ride I really
cry Disneyland ride
gonna kick to the face I know where
those children were doing it welcome to
the office I'm gonna zoom in on you
what's your next art project oh did you
know but I'm too tired to paint tonight
well not tonight but okay people have
suggested that you should ah that almost
looks like it's like you're pirating
movies are you pirating movies 10 no
it's comcast xfinity which Genlis the on
demand um it really is actually hate
brought on man Wow people have said
would you ever like sell prints or would
you commissioned pieces obviously I'm
actually really everything a lot and I'm
really considering commissioning prints
like four people yeah so that's what I
said I said joint I was like you don't
want it to become a job and you don't
want to put that pressure on you so I'm
work I don't want to I don't want to
ruin it for you I just don't want people
to good and be like oh that's it turn
out good I i think if you did it you
should do like the minimalist kind of
like sketch I like the one now more
Julian saying yeah Sonny no I feel like
it'd be cool if you kind of like had a
more minimalist and it may be eat be
easier for you cause like once you dive
into the details it becomes more
difficult no I think that Noah's you
should but I'm saying if you
commissioned pieces like we call them
mix it up yeah anyways genin mentioned
that the other day it's not i'm not
trying to put pressure on her or
anything in fact I try not to the
pressure I need to do anything except
happy I me every time to make some fun
man I'm funny yeah why I wish or what
you know we should do we could have like
a little jar it would have to be a big
jar some of the fun money we could put
you know to like our house
be great yeah I mean that would be cool
that then it'd be really fun money hey I
have to like picks a map maybe like the
piccolo dance lessons that me maybe two
videos don't you firstly you kind of it
so what's his name oh good Stephanie
except Anita thank you recognized if any
that was that guy he's great wow i just
opened up this can diabolo diabolo
diabolo someone probably that word in
French an honor it's French soda
blueberry lemonade only 30 calories I
don't like when things are like zero
sugar it has seven grams of sugar and it
is delicious amazing it's like a better
sparkling water cuz I don't like
sparkling water i'm also very thirsty
candy okay it's only seven grams of
sugar though but yeah lot going on i
feel like we forgot to film a lot of
things today we will do a very good job
of filming everything tomorrow and
there's something else we want to talk
about sri wait till tomorrow with
Penelope because I feel like we've been
talking for a while we feel like so a
couple weeks ago I noticed her tongue
was kind of like not impossibly you know
just didn't seem like the same as Noah's
it seemed like it was kind of restricted
and then my sister Christy said I think
Penelope's time time to has the picture
I took yeah and then later a couple
people remember commented and we weren't
talking about it so Jen did some
research yes and I just didn't know
anything but now I'm noticing things
like it does take her like a couple
seconds to latch on and things like that
yeah but I don't know so I looked under
and like I don't think it's like intense
but I was sure she was awake right now
tomorrow we'll dive into it yeah we'll
try and film like what it looks like
it's not like it's not see anything
dramatic but when something's wrong with
your child i means that wrong like i
don't want to say like oh wow
something's wrong with her but once your
baby deserves attention especially if
something could prohibit her from
talking
you know normal things she could
probably go along fine without it but we
are seeking a professional opinion right
and I'm Friday she will get it either
fixed or they'll say the event opinion
and we'll talk and decide what we want
to do I so just looking out for the best
for PJ right right cuz ya just want the
best part yes so we'll talk more about
it tomorrow will like try and show you
what it looks like its funnel s Jenna's
like a have a really short time right
yeah mine's like 20 like two times
longer the news like I wish I could get
my tongue snipped 00 doesn't like I'm
like why go seriously I have the
scissors that no that's creepy anyways
hope you guys had fun today I will see
yes tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood Oh
John students I said true we yeah you
did no but Marie supposed to dance to
that music oh yeah I don't have it my
phone surging music are you tomorrow
we'll bachata first do some renegades
turtle you should have a hair I'm serve
a Dominican mate I've gotta say your
hair is on fleek tonight I need to get a
cut no it needs kisses go to
