are you excited so much energy this
child has and this girl is just a sleepy
just sitting here okay mom ready for my
walk my scars it adapters came with a
male and they work and I'm really
excited why are you trying to buckle
your helmet and so we're gonna go for a
walk and test it out and huh and she's
in she's on the stroller
who
do you like that the nice ride this is
such a loud truck going by I've even
heard me say it's supposed to rain today
so we have to get out now
hey that was so good no it just went off
to the side cuz he saw a car and before
I even saw it and went off to the side
that was so good
yeah you're so good at riding good job
and you're just the cutest ever I also
still have no a seat on here but pushing
it really feels like I'm just pushing a
single oh here you got it's all muddy
toddlers
that's what toddlers do not nice and
clouds look so crazy today look at this
he loves like riding and then just like
jumping off of it oh yes it gets his
adrenalin pumping or something also I
have a few like mini mini reviews about
the stroller maybe y'all well I guess I
can kind of explain the only one thing I
don't love are the canopies on these
things like people say like oh there's
so many for positions but they need to
tell you like how to have the seat
position to make that position work if
you know what I mean you need the canopy
in like the lowest position cuz it can
go up higher but then the seats like
it's harder and even like with the car
seals like why isn't this fitting why
won't like the seat just like looks
funny a roly poly no just discovered his
first Rollie pollie I mean my siblings
used to collect Roly Polys and make a
little habitat for them and snails as
well and we'd like put them in a cup or
some sort of Tupperware with a grass but
they'd always like died and stuff don't
roll over it no it's a really pulley
it's a little bug ok let's keep going
anyway I don't know if you with this
stroller have experienced that or know
what I'm talking about if you do let me
know because I was like putting the
seeds like rear-facing
opposite facing yesterday nobody why do
they feel like they're not like sitting
right and I think that's because Noah's
campy was not was in that the higher
thing what's up peeps this man just woke
up from a nap how's your net pretty good
yeah Jenna is at this their six-week
appointment is that what they're called
I don't know six week it's like when you
find out if everything's going splendid
after the pregnancy and then she's
really excited because she'll get the
approval probably today where she can
work out so I was thinking we should
maybe do like a family workout session
tonight that'd be fun okay so maybe
we'll do it Jenna will be home soon but
remember how I said I was gonna get that
glider board well it's here so I'm gonna
try and install it very quickly before
he gets here because she's on her way
right now I think she just sent me a
text so let's get this done ready howdy
nice I think we got it how is it Noah is
it cool yeah you like chicks on that huh
should go for a ride
so Jonah is taking a while so I took
Noah for a walk
and NAT Jen's back I'm back how'd it go
it was good I'm all healed up my labs
are back
how much yeah sorry not my abs like the
muscles and they're coming back together
have like close you said it's like only
like this and not some people I can't
like a big o muscles don't going back to
its like feel it like fill or
interesting for there right yeah baby
like like maybe do a crunch and I felt
my stomach and then I was good to start
doing that here's an AIPAC no oh you
want to play Pie Face yeah what is that
game how does it go what happens come
here come show me oh then you twist it
and there you go then it does it go pie
in the face yeah do you wanna play it
you do I don't think we have any whipped
cream we should get some though
everything's good everything's good I
can start exercising and all that stuff
you said my uterus is shrunken back to
normal dang look at you so now I'm like
I feel like that's when I'm officially
done being pregnant after my success no
longer pregnant
that means you anymore well this is the
last box by number boxes of a those uh
ice cream cones do you need cookies are
serving only at fruit popsicles let me
help you yeah we're gonna play that
tonight okay
we'll have a little family activity will
play back my face and look at this
little girl hey sis her bow matches your
socks matches her shirt though matches
the socks which matches the shirt which
matches you got the bluest eyes today
welcome to the lab oh I know sister hey
who is that girl you have any good day I
got a smile today a big one but only one
I think it took know a little while to
smile yeah I don't think I mean that's
probably right right about now or they
start smiling yeah five six six ish
weeks something sooner
so no one's been watching some YouTube
videos lately of some kids channels like
toy unboxings and stuff like that he's
just obsessed with it kind of funny but
one of the games that they played was
Pie Face wasn't it and before when we
play this he had no yes he had no desire
to play but he went and found this in
the closet brought it out all the parts
and then he's like oh I'm missing
something I was like I bet he comes back
of this sure enough he came back with it
so do you want to play yeah do you want
to go first
do you member what we have to put on
this right here what do we have to put
on it he thinks like ice cream Swiss
Tigana just whipped cream
okay so Noah
and put that on here so remember when we
saw the video what do they do they spin
it right you get a number so he can you
spin it yeah move your thumb oh that was
good spin try it again do one more time
there you go let it spin okay
just let it spin once oh oh three okay
so you do it three times okay
put your face in there hold on yeah
don't know if here I'll hold it for you
okay okay there yeah yeah do you wanna
sit in my lap and do it oh you want me
to do it what about you you did one here
comes another oh you want me to do it
you want daddy to do it it's your turn
you got a three you have to do three
what about your idea okay ready I'm
ready to to wait your turn your turn
your face there okay I might need your
help we're gonna play again okay this
time it's you dude you can't cheat like
that again you cheated listen you
cheated last then okay goodness you
trying to get daddy when it was your
turn
are you excited okay
spinning again no it's your turn
oh okay daddy we'll go one more time and
then you go okay okay let me sit here
with you you can't you can't cheat again
though one two three four bye I love you
Noah
playing for you no it's turn your turn
are you clean up for me oh thank you so
much thank you okay your get it for me
Nina thank you so much okay I'll get the
rest I'll get the rest
what's your but your face there sir
I guess you deserve that you know it is
a mess over here yeah we're done yeah
you guys are done oh good
did it scare you is that wake right just
cut scared you cuz it finally got you
yeah do you want to play again this is
currently happening a storage battle
between these two storages this Storch
Papa storage first no estate the first
name is a magical storage maximus torch
no let me see your storage space so
Noah's first order storage so and Sam is
original storage now you get daddy and
they're playing with paper towel
get daddy jump on him not real jump I
didn't mean a real jump sorry babe in
this Little Miss hi hi sis
you too can be a good storage respect
your family your siblings your mothers
and fathers like this no you're a giftie
so free doesn't of March so he's
marching with white white legs
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood you managed to get
all all the kids to see dad was magic
tonight he was gonna roll
