what's going on over here
are you keeping sister company just be
soft soft on her head okay it's really
fragile she's got lots of soft spots on
her head okay he keeps trying to give
her her Pasi and keeping her company
over here and trying to give her his gun
which we keep telling me she doesn't
want that
it's lunchtime we're having BLT
sandwiches today well yeah with
cucumbers and stuff and Sam cooked us up
with some bacon
I took a two-hour nap I was feeling not
good baby you get really tired just like
I feel like I think because I mean I
could really I'm not complaining because
she has been an angel baby and she wakes
up eats and goes back to bed at night
but those like waking up I'm usually up
for like 40 minutes or something wavers
poop and feeding and changing and
putting back in bed but she's not crying
so it's really like the best thing ever
but it's like three times in that three
or four times a night still no three
times a night I think that's like it's
kind of catching up with me just waking
up going back to sleep waking up going
back to sleep it just you know it's hard
all you moms know I like moms now anyway
so I took a really good nap when no one
nap today and PJ napped with me and it
was just wonderful so I'm feeling a lot
better and you kind of just like you
just get foggy after having a baby and
the brain hurts and you know she's all
those hormones raging through you you
feel like much sometimes so we're gonna
go enjoy the sunshine and go to the pool
it's a little cloudy but it's still like
80 degrees out so we're gonna go I think
they was gonna come swim for a little
bit before he goes to work you were the
best brother ever you're so nice
are you rockin sister to sleep not fast
no I know it's been
so good with her lately he's been good
today like the past couple days you've
been so much better we go through waves
of like and then we go through look you
better to sleep Noah
Wow good job you did it you got her to
sleep
you got her to sleep not let her sleep
let her sleep yeah
Wow good big brother okay let's go get
in the car go swim yeah maybe like we're
going to the beach yeah you know we're
just going to the pool
you dance with me to this music
trip it seems a bit go in the warm pool
you don't have a Nana and the Grammy in
it
together hi hi hey whoa whoa whoa don't
run don't run
seriously oh right in the face who is
this child who the dad you know let's
kick your legs kick your legs
this kid Jacuzzi water is so dirty
hello princess you look like you're
gonna go to a ballet recital
hey let me go to - oh yeah that's a big
deal oh yeah that's a big I mean I'm
just acting with this shirt hi
good job well let's big boobies you used
to use such a wimp too cold for him new
trend salt the high tower jens doing the
business over there looking so cute look
at her she's so hot summer 2016
are you enjoying the nice cool breeze oh
yeah on your pacifier I think you do
know isn't totally jump into Kristen the
pool all the upper water is freezing
I'm currently here with this my prima
donna that's the right word diva Steve
over here today one ava her mini diva
hates water but it's getting adventurous
over there hey this little girl hates
water hates fat to everything and later
she got her feet in the water
pick your feet well princess Eva having
fun
hey do you like swimming like swimmy
he's obsessive swimmy I'll answer for
him and we feast
we feast all of us hot dogs we have
bought pie Sam but I don't know it's the
pilot trap Tyler and my sister didn't
like my mom didn't like it the world's
best pie Noah till your day yeah the
baby sister of your day the crust was
just so flaky and delicious tonight yeah
we should get the recipe it's good it
was funny me trying to order it I
couldn't remember it was called I was
like it's like a raspberry cheesecake
and they're like strawberries I said no
no it's called raspberry cream for next
time neither's delicious well I think
I'm gonna be done with this painting I'm
not really sure I might come back to it
tomorrow to fix a little bit more of the
hair and I know what else it's not
perfect by any means you guys were also
kind of filming
put your ear but back in Samson video
games I've been painting and watching a
movie again but I think I'm gonna used
to be then there's a comfort point where
you just have to be like done with
something and for me with watercolor or
just painting in general I'll become
like super like Anil and OCD and want to
be perfect
but I just need it I mean you just make
things abstract you can it's really hard
for me to just like be done I'm like
yeah there's still things I need a fix
but for my first painting I've done in a
few years you know I think I'll call it
good I mean stuffing up perfect
mistakes but I definitely never would
have considered myself a painter anyway
because I had always just in photography
but I really loved my painting classes I
took a school but mostly just watercolor
ice I'm not exaggerating like I'm
terrible at oil paint liver can I paint
you're brilliant because it is so hard
to wait but what water food is very very
forgiving so you want to try watercolor
it's it's super forgiving cuz you can
just like erase things essentially like
half of this I do in a race and do an
array since all about layers you start
light and build up with watercolor I
have a lot of fun and also it's not
completely free hand so what I did with
this one which I kind of enjoyed I
precious if you can see the picture I
like poked holes kind of and then laid
it on the paper and kind of tried to
like poke the holes with a pencil
through the paper so I kind of connected
some of the dots but I have to a pencil
holes name go through so most of it was
freehand but like eyes and noses and
mouths are so hard so I tried to like
but at least some of the pinpoints like
I would try like do some of the
pinpoints you know what I mean
do you get like the general area of
where those things are like I'm
definitely not a freehand er and what's
funny is like I'm terrible doodle or
like in the comments were like I can't
even draw a stick fear I honestly can't
either like I can't just like whoop
something out I have it I also haven't
painted in probably like 2 years or 3
years I don't know the last painting I
did was of your why don't I paint that
your grandpa that's the last time I
painted a portrait really three years
ago yeah so I want to talk about your
porch a bad play but for three years you
know it's not too bad well a lot of you
guys know I went to school for
photography but to do photography like
as a major you still take all like the
art different art classes and so that's
how I started painting
I had to take painting classes and it
was awesome and honestly me in
photography or on outs right now we're
guys I mean two issues with wanting to
do photography I think studying it
school kind of ruined the fun ruined it
for me a little bit fun part the fun
aspect it became all work so I kind of
have put photography on the back burner
for a while um just cuz it's sad and
kind of stinks so it's kind of good to
like try something different and
painting a little bit cuz I really
really loved painting at school so I
think that's why I've been I'm gonna
start painting a little bit more and see
if that connects with me more so than
photography is currently anyway you guys
were all very kind to me in the comments
on Sam's picture that he posted without
my approval of posting so I really
honestly I look at a painting and I'm
like it's weird I even did that but
there it is very proud of this painting
of BJ next up Noah I'm gonna do a fun
one of Noah we'll see but one thing I
want I did have fun doing this so that's
what I'm gonna keep doing it when I when
I feel like I need to be creative you're
fun ping your games yeah I just played
like a never and a half or two day one
done yeah no it's gotta find something
online whether it's art we're clicking
the mouse really fast time for bed
I'm proud of Jen the other day when El
Padrino is here we I had to talk about
passions like what we're passionate
about and Jun's like I need to like get
back at that so I'm really proud of her
she has so much talent and she works
over her and she's just an amazing
person and oh I'm lucky to be married to
her we have a lot of fun hope you guys
enjoy today's vlog we will see you guys
tomorrow
I love ya peace wait what are you
passionate about and what are you doing
to get better at it or enjoy that
passion
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
