because Italy because Italy
have a little pop up a bit today yeah
every morning he once told her everyone
all day you know was getting better at
just like laying in his bed waiting no
how long have you been awake and you
didn't say anything I heard him say like
mom or dad once all right he just like
once I looked oh you want to go back to
sleep
where's that basis I think he's been up
for half an hour just like laying in bed
people of the internet ella podr√≠a does
in town and he's coming
oh yeah it's been a while there we go
I'm out of ten what would you rate that
whoa okay look
what ya doing good thing look at the
door
alex is there going on I seen him out
there come open in you see you remember
Alex told me they're doing oh who is it
Alex
where is he
oh I got really weird
there we go probably go do we go by
Largo oh yeah any like things you
haven't met her yet
oh man see you you tell hey hey oh hey
hi can you see him look at him not me oh
oh there you are
okay it's the afternoon nose-up from us
nasca went and stopped by a tail to us
cuz El Padrino are where the Alex
actually knows his family it was a small
world it's crazy anyway now we are
heading back over to their house it's
almost it's about four o'clock and Reni
was swimming for a little bit hopefully
it stays nice and it's hot and we have a
little bit of time left in the Sun no
one is ready in his paw patrol swimsuit
and he was very excited about it's a
little big for him with a tractor cool
and history is - she didn't really want
to sleep when Noah was sleeping so she's
sleeping now she loves to sleep under
car seat which I know a lot of people
are aren't for but uh we're updating the
car so that's why she's in her car say
she just sleeps really well in there so
now we're gonna go have fun in the pool
I am NOT something because I will not be
innocent to it for a little while um but
Sam is gonna go for me you know it has a
lifejacket floaties now that you can
wear so let's go so white we are all
Bergen
I put some self-tanner lotion on my
chest it's not waterproof
I just remembered it's like over in side
view of shape and white are the words
combination swimwear well dad well I'll
get that anyway let's go swimming
hey you suni
these two know how to dress for the pool
oh but he has sandals on so there's that
there's that he's not even in Santos
you're an all-black you're in black
black and gray and jeans
it's guys through the sleeves up at
least right Farmington yeah
when do you jump good job buddy oh my
gosh don't slip Jemaine you jump
maybe the boy yeah jump from there
Oh
is that me so much fun to me like this
is just he was like just walking so he
was like want to just run everywhere
slashing my guy babe but dude I get you
wet yeah Wow
Wow
everyone's over there saying that you're
the best dad because you're out here
playing with your kid
so we got back from swimming made a
really good time Noah absolutely loved
it would probably go swimming every
single day he's still kind of crazy
last year you just like run around and I
couldn't really do much and it was
really hard because he couldn't
understand this too much this year he
likes to run around he's like tears
running around but he's pretty good and
obedient and we stopped to chase him and
be by his side every second now be the
case for a while but really fun time
really fun time there I joined to the
grocery store and you know when you're
leaving the grocery store and sometimes
like the sensors and security goes off
it's like beep beep beep beep beep and
even though you paid for something there
might still be a sensor on it and it's
not one that like won't hit you from
using the item but it's just there for
some reason
what do you guys do because it's always
kind of awkward it's but I mean like
you've paid for the item everyone in the
store looks at you like you're like
walking out with something they're
stealing something usually it's not that
intense but this time everyone like look
to me and I feel like people like
peering over and I was like whoa I paid
for this board you guys did you keep
walking because I've know some people
just keep walking through if they know
they've paid for it or do you turn
around and like find a clerk or someone
to show I'm just wondering I turned
around and found someone I was like I
like it do you see my receipt yeah yeah
Etta and they didn't even like care but
anyways just wondering Jen tonight has
joined me in here she has elected to sit
on the floor for some reason when
there's a desk that she could be using
and she is painting what are you
painting tonight I have a hobby again
need to have a hobby
and do something like it's just being a
mom I mean I just you just want to have
fun yeah your passions your talent I
need to figure out what that is again
because I forget to do not have any
passion to tell what you have tons of
passions and talents yeah my family's
just kind of filled that spot so I need
to like venture out again figure that
out
so she's doodling I'm just it's cool
that looks cool I'm just messing around
right now and then you're you said
you're gonna try and paint PJ like yeah
do a watercolor of her face so we're
just chilling in here having some fun
might put like a little show on or
something
kids are asleep for now because we have
one that wakes up repeatedly yeah they
both went to bed the same time last
night it took like two extra hours and
she slept a lot today Jim at the pool
she was like I said build a real good
day really good 10 update time John's
watching never been kissed top five
favorite movies for her and she has
moved on from her sketching and doodling
to we printed up this photo of PJ and
now she's doing the watercolor every
that's pretty cool I'm a little rusty I
haven't really just you know a couple
years just practicing yeah eating candy
yeah a couple minutes later and I think
that's pretty amazing
thank you pretty amazing I'm pretty
rusty well yeah for rusty that's rusty
it's alright alright that's amazing Tony
be like always go to bed earlier in the
weekends like Friday and Saturday we're
just so tired yeah but it's been a good
day I think we might go swimming again
tomorrow yeah maybe have some barbecue I
don't know
just have a good old time we can get it
tomorrow barbecue meth oh yeah let me
know what you guys think of Jen's work I
think it's amazing you're just being
modest see us tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood Noah
