okay grope again she was strong you I'm
so strong you're doing Jimmy how strong
you are strong baby I its history at top
of your head thank you sure to give you
kiss right here she comes oh that was a
good one look at what your nose are you
just copying daddy Shepherd back to you
sure looked it up but I said that's good
right now did you enjoy that she is
smiling this morning do you have fun
yeah I'm glad I smile let's try me
sister laughs you make her laugh or
smile do stuff to make your left she's
like uh oh you're just gonna poop on me
aren't you that's our pooping face oh
and there's the poop she just hot zone
good who's on my shirt okay feel better
he's a macho who is that oh that's you
are you still working on it sure you
okay it's the afternoon hey where'd you
go oh I'm in the garage and dad's gonna
stay in to work and I'm going to take
the baby and Noah to the park we meet up
with Tara and MJ and Trish and KO Jen
just really nice to take its true you
just want to push the new stroller I'm
excited it just pushes ease oh gosh oh
gosh
got him got him via the park for a while
and I forgot to film of course tail was
here with his family forgot to film I
don't know if climb we now I'm still
here with Tara hi I'm doing it right on
your face I'm doing and I'm your face
earth oh hi both of you hi hey why are
demonstrated and there's so many kiss
you today Noah oh gosh he's like to try
everything like the big kids I know
isn't a phone I'm swear I'm honestly I'm
surprised he hasn't broken something yet
oh gosh he was he likes to party like
big kids now he wants to try to climb
hey what are you doing what you're doing
are you really big kids come right over
here show mommy storch gun whoa this
could eat it a hundred times today he's
busted flip open today yeah that was
funny and sad p what he wanted to push
Ava in the swing and did it intimate
like how fast foods been backwards and
just like I've got totally knocked down
it was really sad and really kind of
know it was that funny just it was
only because I saw his like hair falling
backwards like his hope begs just like
went talking like oh oh that your
storage game but taught to grab Amanda
held
like maybe you're in quiet time Amos
fault though knows when you try to push
her in the swing we told Noah to bring
MJ back over and he's been like trying
to like trying to get him back without
hurting him which I really appreciate
look he's like trying to say come on MJ
then he looks ever and they tries to
like push him over this way and like
like okay come on let's stay over let's
go let's go and it just keeps turning
around and know that wait no let's go
I'm just glad that Noah hasn't tried to
tackle him to bring him over which is
good there you go look easy no Nikki
like push him towards us hi knows likes
a light mjc online gentle gentle okay
just be gentle don't push him down good
come this way buddy so hey thanks for
bringing him back high five high five
you were you were so soft and gentle to
I appreciate it what you know is that
your sister yeah look at he's like mama
that's your baby is that my baby mama
sees I know no embrace jealous okay
honestly that's how I oh look at Noah's
gonna get my hug or somebody get my
sister Noah be Sapna don't be soft soft
soft he's just a little bit no no no no
soft
I think no was trying to protect his
sister no honestly I'd no no this is how
no was with every baby that wasn't my
baby like he was to get so jealous but
when I brought her home he wasn't
jealous better not look at him so good
like oh um okay care this could be your
future no sisters turning the stroller
thank you it's really cool that lays
completely flat like a like a bassinet
would really she's so cute still got
blue eyes very blue hey blue I think
we're gonna see blue we'll see MA hmm
don't cute okay after much figuring out
i finalized got a way to get them both
in we're getting a car seat adapter yeah
yeah so it's not gonna be like this no
lolly just wanted to see if i could get
it laying down flat that's pretty cool I
just that no one has to sit like behind
like backwards how's how's it go how
does he like a babe it's very smooth
very smooth hey this myth I like it do
you like that so then if you want to
take a nap watch very plus you want take
a nap Betty goodnight goodnight two
babies going to bed he's like a whole
record for each other's juice chili
hello there hello that comfy know what
are you like it look at my two little
babies oh my gosh their coloring look so
different in this you look so wrong
compared her a little i do kinda beers
mom what do you like that chair look
don't want to see put your seat up
that's pretty cool
oh yeah you definitely would like glider
board I think helped push this joy you
just want to write on it we're gonna
have to give him that little bored I was
I was an order of him that like the
little are they sent him I'm like he's
already trying to do it I know he would
really like the glider board it's pretty
much happening I'm gonna get it tonight
I wrote her tonight Isis Liam I just
wanted to like his love it though I know
he would really love it so just a quick
vlog today I actually had a couple more
Clips but jenna is the camera and I'm
editing and I forgot to grab those clips
so whoopsies but yesterday I gave you
guys like a 28-minute vlog yesterday I
was just trying to catch up on all my
work and get things done so there wasn't
too much that we filmed jenna is at the
zoo right now actually there's like a
zoo in town and she's with some friends
and the kids so I'm excited to see how
those clips go and we're just so excited
for it to finally be warm we have a
stroller that fits two kids for a family
of four when did that happen we can't
wait for all our adventures this summer
with a lot of things planned and it's uh
I feel like that's what's next you know
starting to get ready for our trips go
visit family and I think no one's gonna
really really enjoy the summer last
summer I thought he liked it but this is
just going to be a completely different
story give me the best number ever see
you guys tomorrow peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
Oh
