good morning world
it's an birthday happy birthday babe
love you good job bud okay now decorate
like all the empty places get a little
bit more in color just a little bit to
break around around to run the borders
perfect put the colors up here no that
looks so nice I think that is gonna love
it
nice little present from you MA okay
show your sign it's a little it's a
little lame but it's cute right it's
cute you like it cuz it's cute and Noah
help okay know what that's that's okay
bud
oh my gosh mr. daredevil I think I like
it
if I had one of these I said happy
birthday mom it would just be my
favorite thing of the day okay
come down you made surprise for you it's
nothing fancy but it's just a little
project happy birthday yeah you tired no
okay I'm a little tired Bobby's okay
give daddy a birthday hug oh it's dad's
birthday you did you do that yeah today
yeah that's for now you do that this
morning you made that and I have
birthday breakfast oh here it is here's
the birthday hit ready and then you have
a bag full of goodies Wow Loreena got
the rest of the presents well whatever
you want it's your birthday
your kid get to go school yeah go do
that
about time you open up your prisons it's
like 6 o'clock so your birthday's like
extra fun because you're just like
waiting all day
hey hey no you already ate silly boy
that's for daddy that's spicy too you
don't want that it's a spicy chicken oh
yeah
except for me my birthday's in summer so
I never have ever had my birthday at
school ever in my entire life
I always kind of wish I could because
like friends would bring their friends
balloons and like put wrapping paper on
their lockers I'd always get to open up
one before school yeah usually maybe
like a jersey here well then how about
you up your mom prison right now which
was my mom's yeah big Josie's nope a
Cubs Jersey Wow do you think you see
this Arrieta
I knew it I liked it
well what's really soft it looks softer
than your other one those striped one
yeah take a different material that
yummy mister eat all everything oh my
Jersey what they spoke there now I like
it
I took a nice fit it's like a soft fit
that's cool oh here you try to try to oh
okay here open a pj in vanilla Sam may
have a may know as they are and what it
is I mean because
he'll had a snatch on him stand up on
the chair so what time you get to stand
on the chair yeah he was giving those
the most comfortable shoe in the world
they actually are really comfortable I
tried it on - we may have peaked at them
sooner then today and there's a really
comfy really comfy yes and yes they will
get dirty and yes they are why always
yes they are amazing oh wow fancy are
those comfy
hold on that's an open your card Noah
you're the card from you and PJ I think
it's the blue one yeah I think it's that
blue one that's from you and PJ with the
shoe still on us but just for you dad
nothing fancy nothing clever just a
happy wish to the best dad ever
happy birthday I mean right there dad we
love you love no one PJ did you do that
you got a little crazy he didn't want
quite stop via the drawing of a picture
for you he wanted to keep going where'd
you drop what is it
a hippo oh cool that's funny for the
shoes have a funny fat target
oh really loud you're awful they kind of
didn't look good from behind yeah sexy
it's sweet as could be you're funny and
smart and you've got a big heart
is something going to pop out at me and
somehow you put up with me
I thought it was somewhere that they
went behind the couch are you sitting on
Dad's - now that's we read the message
but are you did oh you really really
fast and that's how we have it's nothing
fancy because he's getting a bike so
this is just some fun yeah don't need to
go pick someone out after glue
controller well the only thing mortgage
on that part lasts all the goodies first
but you don't have to be that it's not
it was cool and you always have to you
always want new ones but it's marinos
dynamite some of the best that's why not
every seat roller to keep me awake
behind this cap here twigs making one
two three four five six seven eighteen
nineteen time to want to do today deploy
to five to six percent rate and a pinch
to go in it there's no way to get out of
that nope I do to everyone this is the
best birthday present right here
mmm seeing my family love each other her
eyes you give another kiss Noah and the
cheek AB boop she boop
he those wuji boobs he does her ear ah
no oh don't poke her eye yeah cuz you
can't even see where you're pointing
where's your hands there they are
yeah can you got our fingers how many
how many fingers does she have oh he'll
make her from here it's good he's doing
though no book no book who has crazy
your hair no you were sister uh-huh
sister hair does he sissy even hold her
it's me oh he's got it back oh oh hello
good morning
alright IG just beautiful mm-hmm-hmm hey
you're pretty cutie Noah
one of the first smiles real smiles just
happens yeah you know jump whoa going on
a hike I love this little girl I love
this mama right here I love this little
boy but I have to sneak out her so be
really upset there was almost a year ago
today that I did the wind cave hike so
I'm gonna do it again all right this is
where we are right there ready to do a
bunch of the little zigzags and make it
to the wind cave that's about I don't
know I'd say a mile and a half two miles
great 20 percent maximum grade and we
will see these rare residents including
the Logan buckwheat absolutely beautiful
mag wires Primrose and McGuire's drama
I'm not like a hiker which is kind of
funny that I'm doing this on my birthday
I wouldn't call myself like a nature
person I wouldn't Michael I am an Eagle
Scout so I guess I've been involved with
nature more than most people but the
view on this hike it's beautiful happy
birthday to you yeah just wait we're
about 20 steps into my last clip this is
already our view and Tyler's like
oh my gosh it feels like we're yeah
we're on a Disney ride they made us I
got hiked because this never looks real
to me
look at that here absolutely beautiful
this is a it's kind of a intense hike
depending on how you take it we've been
going out of pretty Quigley's I can't
remember if the wind caves this one or
that one it's like a set it's a painting
for Disney a giant cloud it's coming to
try the flight the drone which is
probably not the best idea but here we
go
nice
this is like a bummer cuz we'll probably
have to come back on a day it's more
clear and just get some insane drone
shots cuz this would be the perfect
place to do like the follow me and stuff
happy wife if I crashed me forgot it
with Jen definitely wouldn't be with me
there's a Morales as Daisy's looks like
we're about to hike off the mountain I
seek refuge this is what we I just
walked in it's pretty amazing this is a
crazy area because you like isolated
from the rest of the world you can kind
of hear in the distance like maybe
movement and hustle and bustle yeah
check out this cave carved out of wind
what do you think what do you think
tribe space tyler nice it's pretty
amazing it's really cool there's
actually like an area over here where
people will probably have like a little
campfire i don't know how legal that is
but it seems pretty fun
actually food flew the drone one more
time because it did kind of calm down
out here
she didn't almost bash it but we're
gonna make the descent back down buckle
your seatbelts hopefully it doesn't rain
or snow holy cow probably snow over
there actually because we got a couple
little snow droplets or helots flakes
snow flakes
thank you guys as it looks to me right
now okay look how fast the weather's
changed can you guys see that I'm gonna
try and like zoom in then it's not like
a cold snow it's like this is like a
dippin dots no look very refreshing Wow
very cool good call for your birthday
I'm actually happy for this right now
this is pretty awesome because in the
rain this would be miserable
it would that's what he said it feels
much better with like light flakes that
don't even feel that cold or wet and
just like that the snow has ceased and
we are back and what today oh do you
like your new stroller I'll be great and
then you can put her right there yeah
that'll put her up here cuz I got the
little adapter come in three do you like
it or do you like it in there really no
are you excited yeah he was so he was
like screaming in the car yeah how do
you both show me that you both yeah
exactly
he says his own little bowling shoes on
he's been practicing at home
this'll be good this will be better than
the first time
I think he's going to enjoy it even more
you're up first and sister snoozing
with our double chin and big cheeks
hey wait
watch what you're actually planning on
going miniature golfing but it's finding
it's on here so we're not going hoping
hey I used to always go miniature
golfing my birthday is always right now
so just a May 10 thing
Oh
I can't wait for the reception they
cannot wait for his wedding reception
I don't know how we can pick that up
Oh
oh look at him acting like it's no big
deal
good job
somehow Aaron's like a legit bowler oh
shoot
guys I only get strikes when Jen's not
filming like no joke exploit
Oh
no type I'd skip my mind babe yeah get
river an i-5
yeah he's so happy all right it's really
between me and Aaron now I got another
strike when we weren't filming Aaron is
ahead of me though I need him to do bad
that's exactly what I needed
Aaron Aaron is still ahead but he's
leaving the door open Tyler and day
hunter going his editor now and then
notices beating everybody
anything can happen those errands boom
Oh left the door open
fair enough
and it's got me 126 to 119 I really
needed it it all comes down to this
tribe Tyler with 77 versus 880 Noah has
90 here goes trip data that's a patella
with a final score of 18 5 Noah's
already beaten him no you already beat
Tyler get a strike dude
Oh
you see what I did
trusty bagels with 126 I have 119 if you
get three strikes right here a spare in
a striker be nice Wow
no pressure I'm gonna be behind you
oh I think you can do it pressure for
this little our birthday holy cat strike
two he needs us
he really needs us did he get it alright
alright
he's got 135 I have to get his fare at
least
I think copy daddy
oh boy
I feel like it's a little taller yeah
so you make more babe go go big go go
okay this is from tribes faced ila and
Hayley's face Rose it $500 happy
birthday card it's a gift card this will
go towards my new headphones
and quest bars a Christmas thank you all
in all in one
I love Amazon you did that way different
than what I thought a bull in a china
shop
smells like
I got some ones you guys ready to go
this southernxposure I know we're all
going to actually beat you the same
thing and like just keep you like a
these please find gentleman paid for our
meal tonight
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Sam Anderson from Santa Claus happy
birthday to you how's your birthday how
was your birthday birthday great
birthday really good birthday know one
thing you love about Sam Anderson
sometimes gravlax fish his height okay
the way he wakes up to them early in the
morning oh honey huh the way he wakes up
I'm gonna actually I like how Sam his
laughter in his sleep in the middle of
the mouth I think it's great all right
boy Sam smells oh yeah I oh that's okay
that's Sam is a as a bed partner a
really good burnout push you off the bed
and Oscar he is Sam's twice the size of
these guys and I slept better with him
than other types of Tyler in the middle
you guys it is almost midnight
everyone's gone I thought we might stay
up till like we are
morning it's probably better now because
I'll be well-rested to wake up and party
with no in the morning I did yeah he
made this day amazing excellently texted
Bree today like I meant to send a text
to Jenna I don't know why it's in debris
because she had just texted me and I was
like I love you so much thanks for
making today great already she's like
your bug I was like oh no guys I'm sorry
that's very funny there but it's been a
really fun day when your kid II just
always like countdown to your birthday
and I get really excited and I was just
like ah tomorrow my birthday but uh
wow you really feel loved on your
birthday that's for sure
not because of all the gifts but just
because of all the words you know like
all the texts and tweets and Facebook
messages it's amazing how simple like
two words happy birthday can make you
feel so loved so thank you Jen Thanks 28
there's really fun having the whole fam
there to all four of us oh my gosh yeah
is like I have I done enough with my
life
good how long I've been alive and pretty
blessed with what I got so here's to
another great year see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood is that daddy
no remember when you just wanted him to
say mom yeah remember that all you
wanted him to do was say mom and now
look at him you know I don't like it
just don't pay attention to him look at
me let's see I wanna see how many times
he says mother yeah yeah yeah I'll give
you I'm looking I'm looking
oh all you wanted was for him the same
mom yeah I'm watching I'm always
watching you I'm always looking at you
you don't even have to say my name cuz
I'm always looking yeah whoa
