Oh grab it what's that what is it in
honor of Mother's Day there are some
questions know who's the best mama or
daddy hmm who do you love the most
mama or daddy who's the coolest pant
Dada or mama do you want to be a
professional athlete doing it which
sport you want to play baseball
basketball football hockey soccer which
sport ah just ball cool um who's the
coolest parent Dada Dada or mama
um okay good interview maybe one day
we'll play that back you are a
professional athlete you guys look how
cute this little monster Betty buddy is
the team over but Betty sent this to
know why isn't it so cute it's really
soft too for every step animal now that
we own has to be turned into like an
army person are like someone that's has
to battle him walk on me phone see Oh
tengo hambre
megusta
I have another surprise for you
Wow okay and you know who the surprise
is from it's from the fam occur they
tweeted me something cool that you're
gonna love
well first of all somebody tweeted me
this storage motorcycle I've also
received numerous tweets of something
else okay
look what is it good are they dancing do
you wanna watch the video yeah believe
this apparently on Britain's Got Talent
there are some stormtroopers on that
we're dancing everyone has been tweeting
me this video so we're gonna watch it
okay gonna watch it okay
hi hi angel baby
hahaha that's a fun little dancing and
dance to new community in steel you did
it brother huh I realize Oh big guys
oh it's getting beat by happy Mother's
Day
he's the best mom in the world that I
know you're the best
okay today's filled with tons of
different fun things and surprises the
first was a little extra rest which is
actually I mean this is just like a
normal morning good I don't know Vinoth
Finnell they give you extra rest should
you be in the X rest
no okay go bring mr. mum it's not a bat
it's not a bad it's not bad yeah
Mother's Day give mommy a hug give her a
hug
Oh who's that from you think it's a bad
it's not a bad mom
smug mmm you say happy Mother's Day a PJ
Wow oh thank you oh you smell em be
careful okay be nice to the flowers okay
wait J something else your mom okay
there's the flowers we we're gonna put
those in the vase but okay what else do
you have for mom go get something else
go grab it
what's that is it a new toaster for
Mother's Day so excited I need the exact
and in that toaster wait let's see
where'd that second Oh and in that
toaster we're gonna have some toaster
scrambles with bacon which Jen loves are
you looking for more surprises in there
let's do it yeah G let me kiss well
you've had this toaster yeah I think so
and it is just terrible and it really
works and you make toast or something
with the toaster every single day and
then I used it for the first time this
week and I know and I said wow we need a
new toaster and there's also another
thing coming up later or another
surprise but this is just this is what
Jen requested for breakfast she wanted
these toaster strudels so I made sure to
get them did you want a bananas so
that's what we're doing and I think
they're way better in this toaster like
way better I just realize how terrible
that toaster was right is that good Noah
yeah nice little fun breakfast I said do
you want your breakfast in bed
or downstairs and she said downstairs
when she came down she didn't want she
didn't want any crumbs there new Betty
can enjoy this morning go to church and
OB PJs first time at church our doctor
told us to wait a couple weeks before
taking her anywhere that big got many
bodies and all sorts of germs
so hopefully that goes well today got a
couple more things to do today
a couple more requests by Jen it kind of
just feels like a normal day though I do
this for you every day don't know baby
no no I'm excited for today this is this
just shows how great of a mother she is
best hardest but most rewarding gift in
life
motherhood mm-hmm so we're about to
leave her church but look who stopped by
he was supposed to come for dinner but
we had some miscommunication and he
actually works but look what he brought
me oh he brought me chocolates that's a
sad baby
we're like Mother's Day for you a sad
baby a crazy toddler let's do it
we are back from church noah's now
taking a nap
we just had some friends come over and
we got to see their little baby so fun
and they're only born what week and a
half apart huh
so like I said we have a bunch of
friends and including my sister
we all had babies like week after week
after week after week and then one of my
good friends Jaron they just had twin
boys two days ago
identical they're like 4 pounds and just
the cutest things in the whole world I
think one of them is having like a
little bit of respiratory issues but
they said everything should be okay
how's your mother's day been so far oh
yeah I made some chili cheese dip for
them okay I know what Jen loves chili
cheese did she said this is the one
thing that she's done air scoops yeah
well you don't just dunk one thing i
scoop it
mm-hmm nice little scoop there I just
make the chili cheese dip with like
toasty nose cheese dip and then chili
mix it together that's it watching a
little bit the Cubs sisters over here
what's up sis you rockin she was just
about asleep and then she had to get her
diaper change so hopefully she can take
another nap and enjoy her day we just
want her to be happy right you happy my
love what do you think of mommy did you
look at her wet you've a great mommy I
think so my mom always says she's always
like yeah Jen your kids just got so
lucky that's such a great mom like you I
agree happy Mother's Day mom I love you
hello angel semi angel hello my favorite
angel burgers smell the kitchen
it makes really good burgers so that's
another question for Mother's Day dinner
with burgers no it's been a little
sensitive today but where are we hanging
in there you need some sleep
you didn't got me a card okay oh yeah
you just wrapped it mean he opened up
your card was the same History Day oh
yeah
read it I love my mommy I may just be a
little kid yeah big enough to know my
mommy thinks I'm really sweet and loves
to tell me so I may be just a little kid
but I'm big enough to feel the love my
mommy has for me so cozy warm and real I
may just be a little kid but I'm a
enough to see that all of the memory
okay but all of the mummies in the world
my mom is best for me happy Mother's
they got you the stroller you get mommy
a new stroller
when will be here Noah I say like
probably Wednesday Wednesday PJ - huh
did you sign the card that's a signature
that's just yeah so generally wanted
this stroller this any jogger when she
finally decided on city select but she
didn't give us the she didn't give us
the stroller in time for Mother's Day
for it to be here
that's your Mother's Day present I think
it's a pretty good one mmm-hmm it's uh
yeah hi baby over there you get your
burger later as a burger shake no it's
been a little crabby but you know being
a mother yeah as much as we try there's
no days off as a mother even when your
kids move out of the house what there's
just no days off you know you're always
thinking about them but we tried today
we tried I tried I tried today thanks
for the great day wait do you like your
burger
no this entire brain it's like a giant
in this burger good yeah do you like
that's cooking Wow Wow
yeah those are the flowers you got mom
good job ah you gotta love life this is
the real deal real deal right here
people give any work kind words for your
mother on Mother's Day my mom cuz you're
pretty great you and Mom love you Jim
you're a great mother grandmother great
friend you just don't seem to age at all
and looks and actions and anything you
just always the coolest in the world and
we just love you so much can't wait to
see you again in June
maybe this month probably not June for
sure and multiple times
sometimes and Jen you're the greatest
mom of all love you thanks for putting
up with my jeans and I mean like my gene
pool right here there's nothing like
topping off a great Mother's Day with an
ice cream cone one for each of us and
sitting in the dark quiet living room
while both babies are asleep upstairs at
the same time I think Sam's ready for
bed so tired but ice cream first thanks
for a good day great Mother's Day great
Mother's Day love you love you
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood guess what my
roommate came to visit me today she was
on Logan
for graduation because all the kids
graduate from Cal State today just came
to me TJ that's right so I'm so far away
from this no no way so I'm like trying
to like squish like yeah we're missing 2
to 2 or 4 and a 6 little friend I really
hope it's a little girlfriend for PJ to
hang out with best friend's little best
friends okay yeah mom whatever I'm just
happy you got me to sleep yes
nothing to see here we're just uh see
you know this goes on Tyler because
certain troopers are taking over the
world we're gonna paint a real salt lake
logo on there and turn it into a Jersey
actually there's a Boba Fett there's a
Boba Fett that goes to a game like that
so maybe is there stormtrooper - yeah
Kolia Darth Vader we're joining them
it's so pretty
I don't understand why all of these
YouTube videos the link that's wrong
dude we're just like so after everyone
hey bro wait
