okay why are we doing today
good morning sweet world it is December
20th five days till Christmas or is it
four days how do we count that five days
family will be here in two days we clean
the entire upstairs today now we got a
declutter all the downstairs we have
been getting packages presents for
people boxes we just gotta clean that
all up
I've been wrapping up my last work
project so I can actually just relax and
enjoy just vlogging and the holidays my
project though has to do with kind of
the new year goals resolutions cuz I'm
I'm down five pounds in the past week
and a half I'm feeling good I'm feeling
great gotta get right before those baby
gets here I think Jen just left to drop
off some winter clothes to a friend so I
am going to go find them we're not good
for Christmas what you get you had a
Christmas present too
oh my goodness I should add you guys
with the camera you guys just did a
little gift exchange no I didn't have it
she's so nice la just called me and he
said that they want to come over and
bring Costco pizza and hot dogs and I
said hey let's do the gingerbread houses
they already opened up their Christmas
presents already last night on the 19th
house like you guys are worse than my
kids
for them to get my friends sex unicorns
monk and Elliot are over and they've
brought dinner pizza and hot dogs now
we're gonna decorate yeah my Kelly
already did the Christmas at their house
but you agreed oh my goodness you
Christmas ruiner I know I need that baby
are you gonna play it okay that's fine
we're gonna do gingerbread houses as
well we're some good a little more candy
because we don't have enough or somebody
ate it off I didn't I only ate candy
canes I didn't buy a canteen for the
gingerbread houses though I bought them
to eat I know I guess we did it close
this girl trip come on no cutie John's
favorite store tarjay
you know neither of us have either
gotten what is on the red card no I
didn't need to I should we could have
already gotten like $3,000 back maybe
massager PJ likes it Oh what you're
getting miss Chen oh oh I'm sorry I
wasn't doing it my chest
Jimmy do me what are we looking for now
oh is this a gift yeah sorry we can't
show you you can look at the mannequins
Buddha said our neighbor slash managing
teacher brought us something no joke
they pulled this trick of being said
carried him all lips tears no I'm sure
he did tell me what my Christmas
presents oh we're ruining it right now
but Noah did lately legit scared me the
other day
I'm sure me my my a teacher brought me a
little cookies in a jar
Shaunda and now this was new teacher Amy
taught me this really really good neater
spread oh that's so nice wow that's a
great intro buddy thanks
I've gingerbread you killed it though he
said he just said I killed it that intro
oh you tooted oh you tuned it even
better right face with the beat set oh
wow this is you smokes really good yeah
yeah I bought the fancy one just target
less is more okay but we don't need too
much icing all right yeah yeah well we
went and got lots of candy but we got
good candy that actually probably tasted
anything in the actual design
instruction of yeah I guess pebbles
Arizona snowmen are brown because it's
made of dirt oh hi are you little
princess baby so cute yeah you took you
oh hi oh hi oh you butchered your pit
house yeah
you just meet you know the candy yeah I
know you are yeah no no more candy for
her she did a handful of those things
Oh
my dad was a closer together Wow it was
all for the house she didn't want to eat
that here's a question do you like
Mariah Carey's all I want for Christmas
is you do you like that do I
yeah that you're asking the camera I'm
like oh yeah the camera can respond to
you right now I used to like hate it so
much I don't mind that it's growing on
me now because I saw a video once with
this person seen on the alto part of
this song have you seen that video no it
was on Facebook they're like alright now
I'm gonna do a solo all I want for
Christmas is you know Wow buddy and then
they're like the whole time day and
I want you I get so funny yeah I kinda
have to watch it
and I
I
and
I just want you for my own more than you
could ever know make my wish come true
all I want for Christmas is you
baby happy holidays how about we pull it
up there's nothing else actually winning
target for Santa when Santa comes over
he's really got time to hit one house in
the hundred that are around so know
which one to hit thank you
Oh real nice thanks I like the lights on
this house Danny tanner
Danny Tanner right here for a full house
what he used to do that like he'd follow
people around and clean after that do it
is technique sit up Wow that's so much
frosting my lesson snow on it oh my gosh
the whole thing PJ stop stealing the kid
yeah she's stealing candy she doesn't
want to eat what's in your mouth my type
of girl Oh what's in there are very
artistic
ice-river structure exactly
ruined a lot but whatever I JumpShip
this is my house now the girl house not
that house house which is a hot mess
over there it looks like it has a face
is that a face is it Snowmass t we put a
little uh yeah there you go that would
look like something he knows he's doing
the gingerbread house dance I must say
our house looks delightful it's missing
a little bit of something but I'm just
I'm like getting tired Monica you're
scared TJ so bad - your face
PJ Lilly dropped to the gravel she
dropped did you see her drop oh my gosh
it's so is there a package for me in
there we had a fun time decorating our
gingerbread houses kind of next trip
zero left try to try the other block
yeah I won of my Christmas presents that
I ordered for my nephew I just got an
email from Twitter I was saying they
cancelled it so now I'm kind of
panicking and wondering what I should do
I'll probably stick on Amazon you know
it's such a cool gift but I thought he
would love forgot to end the video after
that but I just finished like my work
before Christmas and I feel like I'm on
Christmas vacation now baby saying let's
go baby let's go Christmas celebrate
see guys tomorrow
say peace
savage quick
