good morning sweet world got booked at
the ball grab the ball
there's some intense thunder and
lightning this morning like very loud
wind and I was like kind of like oh oh
well no it gets scared of this because
I'm kind of getting scared but no he was
tougher than I was
it's all gone now but I'm kind of sad
cuz it's gonna Kermie outside sister
you're laying here with this playing a
little soccer let's see show me your
kick dude whoa he wanted to put his left
foot on because he prefers kicking with
his left foot so you wanted to push as
she wanted a foot good save
Rick let's see picnic ready boom oh my
he's such great accuracy in power and
he's not even - what do you mind uh I'm
looking whoa good cake are you gonna
smile today yes look so similar it's
crazy yeah crazy right now - nobody a
just have like the same words in the
same tummy doesn't hurt anymore no more
do you want to stand again the big bear
is trying to do guys oh geez loves daddy
voice she's just understanding I can
feel it ain't no no Evelyn but she
doesn't you don't want to come right now
I can I can have you fall asleep so nice
I'm really born I'm like a big blanket
mom calls me a furnace it's true I'll
give you kids but I've ghost pepper lips
Oh little face once you get sad I got
you oh no I got you no oh okay dad I'm
teaching you balance you're gonna be a
great ball player we are currently
watching baseball game
good day game nothing like a day game
it's true especially just like eating
lunch relaxing for a minute one
ass yeah yeah I know it's asleep but he
went to bed really late last night and
woke up nice and early 10 or 10:30 and
woke up at seven thirty seven point
unusually goes like eight to eight which
is great yeah which was great
we like the eight to eight but not today
so he's down for a really hopefully
he'll take a really good nap because he
was not he was a really tired this
morning
yeah we don't mind waking up really it's
just that then he's like so tired
yeah but he's he did pretty good I
wasn't up with the women during the
crankiest point I got I came down when
he was rapping I put this baby to sleep
last night I put you this chair you
would just it was until like 1:30 or
2:00 a.m. she decided to have some awake
time and I was so tired I was like same
can you just rock for a minute and I
passed out like just passed out on the
bed I woke up I think when Sam put her
in bed and watch me create my eyes and I
hear your brother go dad dad
mama dad dad I said every morning or
just will actually know it's almost
morning the thunder and lightning was so
loud it woke me up at shipping entire
house Thunder I've never experienced
Thunder like that where it shakes a
house I thought whether I thought was an
earthquake that's what I woke up I was
like oh we have an earthquake yeah I
really did I just didn't feel like you
god no it was really weird it was really
weird you Justin you're singing okay
right down there don't worry I'm not
holding the camera we are currently on
our way to wiggle worms
text me and said that they were gonna
head over there soon and I was like oh
perfect so are we so then I texted Ellie
to see if she wanted to go so Sam didn't
eat some of his work done and we're
gonna go have some fun so it should be a
good late afternoon of playtime hey can
you still see me in there Hey so let's
go things know how awesome the double
chin no I intelligent baby look you get
to me Elsie today finally Nina she's
awake now and Noah is hopefully not
being a tear always over there playing
in a few years I should be laughing I
love you but that was very nice guy
did you just startled you we were not
expecting that you've got water
everywhere there's a scary guy
approaching me huh
can you go play more videos to little
buddies they're playing so much Hey hi
oh hi there what's up hi he's never said
mommy good mom but now he's just what
are you doing are you doing the circus
right daredevil oh my gosh
total daredevil hey crazy bones what are
you doing what are you doing with my
child he's just dancing in the happy
room
yeah no ideas you have another one for
five-plus years she says for what have
another baby
me no do you need it you drink a whole
glass of water in it well you can't just
drink eight right this second so you
know that's at least like wine or mostly
do the fun day was rainy and gross at
which wasn't so fun but I was like a
good day understand everyone's safe
I do I don't me like are all bundled up
inside it's for me I feel like it's for
something new I actually heard thunder
uh-huh didn't like it was like whoa he
wasn't scared he was just kind of like
whoa I do like a good thunderstorm as
well but not one hand kid I like it why
not
it's just me by myself and I can just
lazy and lay on the couch or with you or
never you mean no you don't need to be
with you you know like you want to be by
yourself preach it preach ildren I would
enjoy get thunderstorm or rain storm or
snowstorm no not myself slippery
children Sophia but now that I have kids
rainy days are evil days someone suggest
the other day we need to go to the
huggles ooh it's all like yes I'm
another Zeus so bad I had no interest in
doing that three years ago because I've
I feel like Mizzou in Illinois like I'm
biased amazing right now that of Noah
I'm Penelope
like that'd be amazing yeah that's a
good suggestion that's a good I really
want to do that as well because I know
no one loved it I don't love animals in
the snow I just want all the animals to
be free and happy but um there's leather
coats yeah I do not generally like do
you think no one really loved
do I really do we should do that and
there's also no I knew it that new
aquarium from a couple years ago that's
down there what are you doing standing
in the door I'm gonna dance the other
day yeah you ta yeah
and I oh we haven't told them what I did
today no and I are playing a game of
ball on the stairs like we just roll the
ball up and then it rolls down right
yeah pretty simple they keep them
entertained for days and the ball gotten
the same senses Jed who's holding the
baby halfway down the stairs and we're
not being malicious it's not even
getting close to like her it's just like
her life no I wanted to join in the
blind she goes hey guys this wasn't even
close to the ball it was about this far
from the stair wall and just free being
kicked it like full forces and then she
almost like oh no no no it was like oh
my nose serious it always get itchy when
I log I think it's an issue it's a
nervous tic it is an ER stick I think no
I wouldn't just join in the fun I saw
the ball rolling back down as I was
walking on the stairs I'm like oh here
let me be the cool mom and keep the ball
back up the stairs and I knew seriously
kick the wall so hard and my toe has
been hurting all day I think I'm gonna
lose my toenail what I don't know how
the ball would have gone back up the
stairs wasn't it kick the dog stairs
yeah I didn't work and my toe is it
really hurt today I'm a different note I
mean PJ sing got her to sleep again
tonight he gets her to sleep every day
almost in the rocking chair because I
can't for some reason she always just
wants to eat for me when she's tired so
I hand her off to him and he gets get
the job done
ten-thirty I'm gonna go in but I'm
actually really tired well fall asleep I
hope you stayed dry where you are
we had a fun day make sure to go check
out our last couple vlogs that really
fun we went skydiving indoors Jen when I
went when you're three years old you're
allowed to go so in a year
well no his birthday's in the amount of
month and a half but in a year we'll
have to go yes no in a year no will love
it no in a year oh my gosh I love it
because I do the same thing to him
without the wind also the search of the
vlog was pretty fun can't wait to eat my
seat back huh
put on some dance moves right it's party
you want to be my Albie fan you be ray
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
