because mama whoa
Oh
hey girls mama we can I know what good
morning sweet world today miss
penelope's one month birthday and it's
cinco de mayo and this is your dad dddd
dddd hey oh it's sooo good did Maya and
my birthday I think I think so I wants
to join in why do sing with my idea like
a 5000 you want to show your eating what
did daddy make you can you say toaster
strudel well you wanted me to show you
ever show everyone what you're eating
and now you're just ignoring me she's
trying to like put pressure on her legs
are you trying to stand up is it cuz
it's your month birthday try to use my
legs oh and she still got her hair she's
still cute as ever oh and we still love
her it's pretty great month what up guys
so that I want us to start saying good
morning sea world again good morning
sleep sweet even though we're going to
pick up the camera today we I think we
bought this morning and we kind of
haven't blogged that much more today
because like we try to keep the blogs
are in 10 minutes and I'm about to go
have a fun day time of our lives so it's
like you know and no one's been really
great day today has been really great if
it's been a really great game today
slept a lot he's some guy you sick maybe
he had like a few birds morning and then
it was gone so probably just our bodies
cuddling really cuz they both for the
same exact temperature anyway we're
about to go to like the indoor skydiving
place were you like flow and like you're
basically skydiving kind of like I'm a
little gift wrap I wonder what the
relation is between like how that feels
justice realest got it okay sure
scattered real skydiving is a much
bigger thrill yes a much more intense
this really I've seen yo gabba gabba
gabba gabba some fun songs and
sister sleeping and
so great I here whenever Logan gets this
green I think we're on an island what do
you even eat oh oh like if you just look
at that we could maybe be in like white
yes outdoor somewhere cool i slew new
zealand iceland iceland
somewhere pretty and green but now
you're just in the valley what's nice
though excited though yeah we finally I
think it would be there's a lot of us
going I don't know how many people are
going to get to go it's between me and
you I want you to go
yeah might take you up on that offer and
I think it'll be fun because like Derek
hasn't seen the baby's head permits in
the baby Shane Colette I don't know who
else is going King Louie from Fred run
to see the baby yeah I'm excited they'll
be fine 80 I remember we got now she's
one month old today oh wait did we want
this morning uh yeah oh it's crazy i'm
in one month old already that was the
fastest months of my life really i
really was so fast because just a month
for most of the month we have family
here really so it was really fun the Fun
first month it was definitely not as
crazy as Noah's first one just because i
felt like i was so I were surprised you
know we got our uh we got our pins or
lapels oh gosh badges so I was just like
that's why I by the time comes you know
three or four five six seven have any
kids yet I mean they basically protect
themselves
no but I think it's because me just nice
and lets me sleep someone at night last
night i got good rest i want to but it
like ted i think i like passed out
sometimes i think you get more sleep
than I do that's because someone is a
night owl someone doesn't go to bed
because they like to have their fun time
at night I know wolf on my fun times at
midnight and i always need like I've had
it or two I've been making some nice
breakfast yeah it's been great so today
this weekend to do so they're safe today
I was able to get Noah though because I
actually felt weird and no epidemic I
was like so out of it out of it and I
wake up like 45 minutes later than I
usually do in jensen and I was like know
what the heck yeah because he really has
been so good that like making sure I'm
getting resurrect tiny wrong but today I
decided to give him a little surprise
thank you get up with Noah extra 45
minutes is nice
what are you excited to go skydiving
look at he's coming now he's not you fly
away like surely the chuckle sleep Rock
and Daxter there to entertain Bo do you
oh oh yeah smooch chillin smooth chillin
in the car seat you're so cute
understand yeah break it down yeah this
is when i wish we can use any music we
want logs did I play this on
No
we actually went through that temple
with Noah when he was a baby there's an
open house to remember that he do all
right we made it it's ok see ya ready to
fly I am have you seen the baby here
trapped either I think your hair dude is
he allowed to fly this cool yeah hello
dejan from velcro shoes so this is
basically what just about to do she's
gonna be doing acrobatics and flips
dang oh dang why do you that they cool
ass the real-life spider-man this gets
amazing this kids like cronuts just
trying this for the first time oh that's
so sweet
oh I was loving this hey this is sweet
that kids amazing I guess you can I
guess every three years old you can do
it so
all right here we go Oh still is one
more year we want to hide it in there
LOL so cute I think they're doing like
bubbles or something I don't know it's
come on all right there's Jen waiting to
go see next to tyler and Logan it's
Superman these are in like Long John so
we got Superman shake file fine oh my
gosh look at that the cape like it's a
perfect suit I think Logan is a Batman
went on
he's got a good holy crap
you
you
ah
you know that be worried about her
I
shove your helmet let's see show me show
me
okay that's turn that cool that was so
cool I was scary I couldn't breathe the
first time I didn't know i was expecting
that I was like oh and roll like coming
out of my mouth this girl's awake what
is that oh man Samson and go soon Sam's
in there there's great there's great
there's because oh my gosh
sams in there seems that these people
nervous
Wow
Sam
ha
hi oh hi
I think daddy's gonna go go nope there
goes Brody I didn't know what else to me
I didn't know really what I was doing
going in next unless masala and so I
couldn't breathe that freaked me out and
I just don't think I do i need to write
but that's okay because it's good right
now blue skin
haha
ok
hi
so long
haha
God
and the frame
the world
upside down right now
the world
great
gosh dearly
oh my living there all the way up there
oh gosh buh-bye oh my god oh hi I'm back
this girl's just mooching
hi
you look at that
you look at that
what do you think for that creepy good
because I feel like I could not do it I
don't know what to do the first time I
was hard to read them in the second time
he was not easy yeah those guys they're
intense I know no one is sitting inside
of the locker right now hey the locker
barely putting your send a locker okay
hey what do you think me my kid in the
locker look who met the babe give a
shout she just looks she looks really
comfy right there she's Apple she said
she's about to fall asleep hahaha gosh
baby be the favorite thing to being sued
it ain't like bleh there won't you die
she's just melted it just melted
this is a big shoes yeah I know look at
that thing my cheeks 18 no I show us
what you got can you catch it again
ready Gavin said throw it to you oh
nothing right Oh stud all right let's go
eat throw it spiral spiral Oh tribes
face tyla Haley says that now I know it
was terrible she's just gonna be like
googly eyes I know
an errand held her too but giving it on
camera it's a tired-looking we pass her
back if you want we can had a trap she's
less wet this time stop it she was dry
now I was stinky me because you were
sweaty your arm was sweaty ripened down
a bit stop it she's had a few bad
sunshine she's like a banana now she's a
little bit more yellow green hahahaha
when I'm brown oh don't you try you try
to eat your boobies oh well Cinco de
Mayo which would celebrate right now by
having a nice little piece was trying to
push this girl asleep she's been kind of
fuzzy lately just you know normal normal
crying got my food right there away from
Noah I got some spicy habanero
it's like an hour and a half past no
it's bedtime but he's just enjoying it
living it up volley kid when I thought
about being a parent like when we were
pregnant with Noah it was moments like
these that I just was excited for when
your kids are just so tired taking my
all the car there's like blossom you're
taking them into put them back in their
bed after a fun day doesn't get much
better
anything your money they'll get it if
you too soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
last year pitched well
