good morning everyone it's Tuesday and
we started the morning off right I kind
of got a good rest
PJ slept really well last night when
woke up a few times to eat
we had like some our bath and fan on to
kind of like trying out some of the note
or the quiet because one's too quiet and
then I like actually dropped something
by her she like wake up at night so
she's been doing well she's still
sleeping and Noah that side playing I
gave him some stuff to dig up the rocks
because clearly we still do not have any
grass which is annoying
yeah you have a big spoon are you
getting rocks yeah it sounds it's such a
beautiful day like seriously so nice out
right now we tried to play outside for a
while start the morning off right being
outdoors
he and Sam had a good morning relaxing
Sam's resting now upstairs
but since PJ still sleeping Mike you
just go rest like I'm fine with Noah I
got to sleep he's resting okay I'm gonna
come out and dig rocks with you sound
good you think yeah come outside mom
come out right now and dig rocks with me
oh I mentioned on Twitter that a PJ
doesn't spit up every day no it didn't
sort of either like my babies just don't
spit up which is kind of awesome but she
projectile vomits every couple days and
I'm not joking when I say projectile
vomit I mean okay close your eyes if you
get queasy butts just spit up so it's
really not that bad look it can you tell
that's and the poor poor baby
so remember hasn't even really started
and we're already at this level of
parenting yep that just happened how's
your hot tub yeah he is yeah
hey how's your hot tub I did put warm
water in it so he also has his diaper on
you know I said we were going to take a
tubby today but I didn't mean this kind
of tubby is that fun
you're short
Oh your new bathing suit oh yeah Jen I'm
in the tub like I'm feeding the baby are
you having a bubble bath yeah I'll go
get you some towels
oh my let's you actually just be what
drip dry and then trips your shower for
the day no geez remember when we used to
do cooking with Jen who here is an OG
cooking with Jen you got do your whole
little dance move it's like ding yeah
there's there it is feet up oh my god
like what's your food ever
oh that's right too hard I'm a very
snacky person I love steak mashed
potatoes and dip reactives I love all
sorts of the artichoke dip spinach dip
cheese dip yeah delicious looked really
good today though we are making French
onion dip French onion dip French onion
dip makes me think of my mother
because I feel like any time we got
together for our big game there's always
always always french alain de i'm making
today's French onion dip off of this
recipe right here it's on Hampton Creek
dot-com under recipes they actually have
a ton of different recipes there's only
four things Mayo
onion powder garlic powder and some
pepper to taste seems pretty easy which
is great yeah or when Jen's cooking it
means you won't mess it up right you're
very you're very blurry oh yeah now
you're in focus
yeah for today's video we're actually
partnering up with Hampton Creek they're
the ones that create just mayo which I
absolutely love I was first introduced
to just Mayo from you guys for real like
people were treating me tons of links
and pictures to this garage attic
yes I've been eating this for at least
in snow was born three years I feel like
I put this on sandwiches burgers pretty
much anything that usually put mayo on
him they sent us a couple other ones
that I had never tried before like this
we had awesome sauce the other night
remember that really good I got the good
pickle taste - no it's like a relish
almost like relish
I ate it on my burger and it was to the
point where I feel like I almost just
want to eat the sauce itself in fact no
I did eat the sauce itself because he
loved it so much he was dipping his
vegetables in it we're also gonna try
out this balsamic and Caesar dressing I
tasted it it's pretty good but today
let's see what else do we have and
they're like a truffle one we haven't
tried out yeah truffle what you doing
behind my jalapeno um you're in my
fridge I've personally bought just mail
at Target and Walmart it's also
available at Whole Foods Publix and
Kroger but today we are going with just
Mayo get it just man this is not your
regular Mayo though this is freaking
amazing Mayo I didn't think it was
possible for mayonnaise to be like
healthier but they have found a way
Friel they worked with like farmers to
find the best plants to make this
mayonnaise it's amazing it's something I
should send my dad all right I'm usually
the one to make the dips
I made guacamole last it is on you my
love I will direct you just Mayo we need
one cup yes make it happen captain what
she's getting that ready I must say the
awesome sauce may replace my si Racha
Mayo application hurts me to say that
because I am very Serie A everything but
the awesome sauce is named awesome sauce
for a reason okay how's it going I
already spelled over/under how many
spills will didn't have that's ready
just made us in there now we need 1/4
teaspoon of onion powder now 1/8 of a
teaspoon of garlic
I just go it's gonna spill everywhere
sure enough it's built everywhere and
lastly salt and pepper to taste I think
I'll let you do this part yeah cuz I
always over salt things are we tapping
out or tapping in I guess okay first go
now French onion dip
I'm usually a chick person I do a little
bit more veggies oh wow yes I see
numbers Jen and I are obsessed with
eating peppers with the dip and so Noah
loves peppers I'll let you do you made
this you take the first bite how can I
take that I can't take the first bite
from you you do chip come on girl I'm a
dunker scooper
that's good that's the question we
should we should have set in the
comments is it good it's good you like
it we've never done this recipe we've
tried other ones that's the question
that we've asked us before are you a
dunker or a dipper or scooper what do
you dunker Cooper or scooper dunker and
dipper I guess is like the same thing
post in the comments and let us know I'm
more of like I need to have a little bit
more than just a little done I'm going
pepper no I just kiddin guys do not
normally eat it we're gonna sit back
enjoy the Cubs game beat this if you
guys want to try just mayo out there's
me a link in the description that you
can click on and get a dollar off so
it's practically like you're paying
nothing for a whole bottle you can print
that out use it my recommendation
awesome sauce vinegar balsamic vinegar
dressing so good and she Racha me of
course or you can find something on the
website that you want to make use one of
those recipes like we just did right
here Bon Appetit
Jeremiah's passing me yeah oh yeah
what's today May 4th May 4th
that's all again that's all you get
that's a yeah I'm a cowboy Jean you're
just kidding that's quite the dancer
that's all you get
weirdo it's a beautiful day it's so
wonderful outside there's flowers go in
in the ground you seem like flying
around show everyone in your hat
show me your hat sisters asleep he stays
intact like it's a really tall person
I do a music that plays in department
stores love it I wish I was just playing
behind me at all times I could just dig
so you could dance all day long can't
you sure as I like they're identical
different colors by one going free
I already go see the animals yes still
shot-blocking shall we go see the
animals the animals we're gonna go see
animals yeah
you wanna go see fish no it's like the
fish I like the Wizards the geckos no
can you show me the turtle where is he
right there
what about another one hello is there
any down there yeah what should we name
him and Coco had a turtle named Coco or
Teresa quick oh yeah there's one back
there too
nobody going I love how he's so
interested in all these things like he
has to look into each and every case
make sure all those friends are doing
well since last time we were here
don't touch him one more time
no put his finger in there and these
fish jumped up and like tried to get him
and he thought was nobody hard alright
guys I must admit I've been off my Dance
Moms game but that's Maddie's Last Dance
for Dance Moms right is that for real
well she actually come back really done
Wow the end of an era and Dance Moms
this is one of the shirts I got today I
like it I like pocket tease I'll
probably wear it tomorrow too because
like when I get any shirt it's like
wearing it and this doesn't count as a
full day it's only been a couple hours I
had a different shirt on but I got super
dirty because we were outside playing
we still have grass and those were
playing in the dirt and then he grabs me
and then I get dirty and we actually had
all the neighborhood kids like over at
our house tonight and they're all just
so good to know I even though he's much
younger and smaller than them it's
pretty cool that he has all these
friends already so hope to get Te'o over
here to play with everyone - that'd be
pretty fun oh it's over oh wow is that
the house that her mom or the judge I
would say good grief oh how was it done
sorry sorry she just took her tomorrow I
have a really fun surprise for Noah
honey how we've gotten to this point
just kind of happened like on his a
little free will and now I'm like oh you
guys will see Jen will also be gone for
most of the day she's going to a funeral
but I'll be here with Noah so I'm gonna
try to make it a really fun day for him
anyways Olivia's we'll see you tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you're bad understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood
