good morning sweet world since I we've
got the finola pretty much everyday cuz
Jen's up really late or just off and on
with the baby I decided to be a good
idea to start doing some workouts in the
morning with them when we wake up doing
do a workout you know what this is so
we're going to start insanity today
today we're doing the fit test this will
be good because there's some calories
it's hard to work out when you have a
baby huh you want to start well act I
could start where you work out this is a
workout for Stormtroopers we're gonna do
the Stormtrooper workout okay okay if
you want to do it you can but I'm not
gonna make you you can watch or join in
okay you can dance to whatever you want
all right well see how this goes
whoo well insanity just kicked my butt
and that's exactly what I wanted that
was just the fitness test to to see how
in shape you are so obviously a long way
to go I felt good if I can do that every
morning with Noah let me get it stuff
that when I come down on my god tired
like Carrie let's eat some bananas have
some breakfast and get to work if any he
wants to do with me was in the comments
all help motivate each other Maddie came
to meet Peter you do like say yeah we're
buddies this guy for me Wow
Noah that's a lot of green stud you have
that's all the same shade cream oh
there's no okay where is he
oh hi did you like her like Matt listen
you now they will be besties - yeah yeah
I think so it's not too bad yeah I don't
think they'll be the same great wouldn't
know yeah that's true
Mother's Day is only a couple days away
it's always had like a special meaning
to me because my birthday is so close to
Mother's Day and I've often shared it
with Mother's Day like last year's Jen's
first Mother's Day and of course my
birthday is the same day and I just felt
bad because like she was trying to be
super good to me and make sure I have a
great birthday well I'm trying to make
sure she has a great Mother's Day so
actually ended up being a phenomenal day
but I just feel like she deserves her
own day so I'm glad that it is two days
before my birthday this year Mother's
Day gifts for me is usually pretty easy
because my mom just likes gift cards so
I usually get a card for the gift card
in it good to go I know that's not that
creative but that's what she hopes so
give someone what they love right I just
got these hallmarks and you at your
cards I'm gonna go bring them downstairs
and show Jen them
I want to give this one to my mom and I
think Jen will make this one for her mom
but we'll see what she says I'm real I
really think she'll pick this one
I know Jen well and I really like this
one so let's go see also shout out the
hallmark signature for helping sponsor
today's video
they're awesome Jen are you ready for
these cards I have one that I like that
I is my favorite I think every one that
I think you'll like as your favorite I'm
interested to see did you give me your
first Mother's Day yep your mom is
partially a mother because of you how do
you think about that what do you think
about this being your first Mother's Day
okay so I have these three cards just
based on what they look like which card
would you pick for your mom for my mom
yeah yeah Oh which one oh wow yeah
oh that's what I said good which one do
you think I would pick for my mom
after these three cards just based on
looks on the outside this one really
yeah listen yeah there's nothing better
than finding the car that you love how
it looks on the outside and then the
message on the inside is just too
perfect
okay so here's gems card that she picked
yeah just my looks and then I read the
inchoate inside say better wait I see
okay so I was celebrating a woman of
strength and beauty celebrating you
which is perfect because my mom is a
very strong woman and I learned mostly
like a lot of Who I am today is because
my mom my parents divorced when I was
really little and I chose some of the
kids choices with my dad more and some
choices with my mom and I am eight
mostly live with my mom growing up and
so I really looked at her as an example
of strength because she had a harder
childhood and I really learned a lot
from her yeah she's always working super
hard she's always worked with heart she
to make sure that you guys have
everything right you definitely taught
me how to be responsible and how to work
really hard for what I want and because
I saw her do that so this one do you mom
Jen and I would have never met if it
wasn't for your mom sure because she
really pushed Jen to go to college and
helped her get through like that first
that's when we first met so if your mom
hadn't been like like that I mean
seriously we wouldn't have ever met at
22 the first time first time in Jen's
mom met I hopped in the car and she goes
you can marry my daughter but really
that's like why I was visiting cuz I was
gonna talk to her parents and she was
like before I even got in the car was
like Savannah she's like you can make my
daughter I was like yeah yeah I know
yep okay this is my card that I picked
and I picked it initially just because I
loved the way it looked on the outside
my mom's always had like wreaths up in
our house too so if it's okay so it says
love is a way of life and then on the
inside it says thanks for always showing
me that love isn't something you say
it's something you do happy but it's
Mother's Day mom I don't think I've ever
met someone who like you shouldn't have
drunk so much love towards me just
immediately immediately yeah yeah first
I'm gonna put a clip of this to first
time Jen comes my house similar
situation that I just described with
myself
it was Jen's birthday Jen's actually had
her birthday with my family seriously
back in New York and Chicago I don't
think we've ever been in Utah for your
birthday maybe once yeah
when Noah was born yeah and my mom is
there right and she like helped us out
oh my goodness
that's crazy so anyways we're at my
house for her birthday and we are still
dating we're not engaged and all of a
sudden I didn't even know about this
this giant camera cake comes out and my
mom's like singing happy birthday and
she had this huge like one of those ones
you see in like TV cake yes there
whenever those with fondant let's get
our coolest cake ever is a giant camera
I hope they do gently
and it was for Jen's birthday because
your birthday and all my sisters are
like what and I was like oh we just left
me already like you know so she comes
out of this vid cake I mean just like
those actions made Jen feel so welcome
oh yeah your family mm-hmm and it's like
the simple things that my mom's always
done to show her love through her the
things she does whenever I'm sick I'll
always tell my mom even to this day mom
I'm not feeling too well today nothing I
expect you're like I guess I do like
almost expect her to help out just
because she has always done that
whenever I was sick my mom would always
get me a spicy chicken sandwich I don't
know either but it always made
everything right one of my favorite
memories too is growing up you know in
middle school high school you kind of
have those days where you just don't
feel good about yourself and you're just
kind of stressed out and my mom would
give us what we call mental health days
so that means you know we didn't have to
be home and be sick to take a day off
from school we could just be together
and kind of take a day off and I feel
like she always had the right action for
the things happening in our lives you
know she was always there to make the
right decision and and help us and she's
always showing so much love through
everything she's done just physically
and spiritually and everything it's just
incredible those are cards want to write
some messages to them I actually went
and got some pretty cool stamps some
pretty stamps for Mother's Day so if
you're lucky you'll go into I know I
need to take Noah to go this there so if
you guys want to check out the Hallmark
signature cards you can click on the
link in the description it will bring up
a website where you can find where
they're sold
I think our grocery store has them
natural hallmark
stores it seems like everywhere but if
you click on the link you can check out
where they're sold me and Noah are gonna
go on a field trip pretty soon to pick
up a card for you I'm gonna let him pick
it out so if it says like happy Father's
Day on it I'm just kidding make sure
that's true they probably have this yeah
so yeah you guys can go check them out
and happy Mother's Day
early Mother's Day to all you mothers
out there okay everyone's been asking
does Noah still have his heart birthmark
and he does it's faded a lot it's really
the blog right now I know but I looked
at this morning and it actually is all
right like yeah big feet though yeah you
know we're going ball where we goin dude
do you know yeah yeah where are we going
oh oh yeah sports where are we tell I'll
write your favorite plate look at this
face here like a month I know a long
time we're gonna look at I'm think about
getting a bike for my birthday and then
maybe getting Jenna bike too so we can
do the Gran Fondo together yeah well
it's an emailer well see right through
the 407 berth no definitely not hey
let's go you ready yeah you want these
have really big like real tires it's
like a mountain bike copy a mountain
bike they've got a black but no right
through here on this I have to stay by
the bikes this stay by the bikes
so yeah Sam's birthday and I'm like okay
where's the cheapest one let's get that
one where's the one under an absent Wow
why is it with anything except you looks
like a natural like following in his
mom's footsteps are you like mom and
play the cross how does that stick his
side so look at him yeah that both a
little hard you don't get to play with
that ball quite yet baseball yeah we
should team he can actually hit off of
wow thanks mom start proud
pink number lacrosse stick like that he
should play lacrosse it's like a storage
stick do storage just play lacrosse yeah
look at these pads babe
can you imagine him in those tiny pads
why do they seem like they fit because
they probably would fit him because he's
the size of a three-year-old oh I can't
wait for it I cannot wait to go to his
sporting event yeah spec ball is fun
game I can't wait I can't wait to help
him get to be washing like uniforms and
going to those 40 events I'm so excited
I wish there was I wish there was like a
club thing put him in now
yeah I think now he goes different cuts
get inside you yeah there's gotta be
something right as soon as we could put
Kinnaman something no cuz we drove by
like all these people playing baseball I
can't wait couple years our weekends are
gonna be like so fun I know right let's
dance
whatever Taekwondo I thought whatever
they want to do with Maki hockey's a
little scary you won't have any teeth he
still just can't decide what's Cory
likes the best he just had a bath bought
and then he's like oh wait there's a
boat picked up look I bought and is like
oh wait there's baseballs he like small
this whole dressing the same thing was
not planned today just happened that's
really cute
Hey what - uncle daily get you a
spongebob ice-cream taking it back to
childhood that one no remember the Ninja
Turtle ones yeah those ones are good I'm
packed the Power Ranger was pretty good
too you just discovered that gum was oh
they slap titty jewels yeah he was just
chewing it and he's gonna kept looking
at me like why is that why am I still
chewing you didn't swallow it yeah just
you know it's only gonna be in a stomach
fun exciting give me a bite I raised
cream Casey ice oh well at least at
least you said thank you
Oh puppy's here to have dinner with us
tonight Sam went to go get some burgers
- just two dudes chilling his ice cream
that's good ain't another bite
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
