good morning my man you enjoying some
breakfast
did I make you some chicken sausage with
apple and some eggs yeah
yeah got some raspberries what Can I
grab you got some raspberries oh you
just pooped all over me well in your
diaper but on me
Oh nasty look at this little afro baby I
washed your hair last night and didn't
comb it it's just standing straight up
everywhere it's getting longer I think
isn't that crazy
Hey Oh hair everywhere was that fine
he has his job this morning
yeah who is that
giggling you know I sister knows wanted
old PJ basically was entirely morning
your answer city nerd he's like put her
in my back but I'm my dummy let me hold
her let me hug her mess it up do you
have sister that you put your toes we
have been chilling me and Noah and
watching Southampton destroy Manchester
City which is kind of crazy those of you
that enjoyed football know two different
teams yeah they're do one day you can
just we just put a little saddle on your
back and you can be horse and she can
ride on top yeah baby yeah that kind of
worries us with sister we do not want
sister to get sick and we don't want
Noah to be sick either do we don't want
you to be sick either or that's just
like the change in weather or something
her allergies I get allergies this same
exact
every single year this right now
beginning of May so Oh Storch of these -
not - I love these three I love these
four that is impossible right now
she found stuffy yeah she does look who
likes the swing sister likes the sweet
Noah hated this swing was there every
time that no I like this if it was like
this I guess he kind of liked it but he
would always freak out there's like a
pheasant or something Jenny look this
bird holy cow
oh he would spit up in the swing yeah
sister just tooted like crazy
anyway she loves to swing Maria aunt
Margot I think got this for us last time
and we were super excited to try that
with sister we always called her sister
I noticed I got a lot of like different
things my sister sister how's your
yogurt having lunch now can you put some
clothes on poop you stopped by I'm gonna
show his feet I'll just come really
close into his face in that way how
sweet PJ it like I don't know what time
4:00 in the morning maybe five and it
was so like it sounded like it was so
strong at the window so strong yeah I
thought the trashman's we're gonna blow
over if they had been empty they
probably would have blown over but I
thought Noah's pool in the backyard
we've been blown over it was still
standing which I was pretty impressed
but I think if they'd been that also has
water in it too which is probably why
there was a tornado coming because my
window was literally just like you know
all night so loud so what what are you
doing dirt there he goes
whoa one for that stop once you get a
seven for style you're getting so good
at that Noah good job
also I really like these booger wipes
but I would like him even more if they
weren't scented poopy over because then
we can get some more quality time
together as a as the original three
isn't that right my mark yeah I gotta
get quality time with both of our kids
together
jab tile always makes fun of me because
when I set foot on this my foot takes up
almost the entire board bucket I can
ride because when I fall I can ride like
the others no nothing like a good
old-fashioned American dinner for
tonight we've got hot dogs and some
peppers and some fruit and I'm excited
what hello to dinner zone all right
these two are just chillin in this very
messy toy closet
hey magic toys all right I'm sorry son
somehow he'd been ever seen singing and
David just left although we invited him
to stay for dinner he just chose to
wanted wanna go the gym instead she has
so much awake time in the morning like
this morning she was up from like five
five until seven past seven and that was
fun
but in the middle of the night so it was
pretty good I got some sleep and then
she was like awake again from like 9:30
or 10:00 into like one or something she
would not go back to it and now she is
just gonna probably sleep the rest of
the day maybe babies are the best
I think that watch this kid only I've
never seen someone dip the peppers and
mustard mmm mustard I'm a mustard guy -
mom more ketchup or mustard or ketchup
oh yeah mom's gonna graduate mustard in
tortillas I'm just coming guys well she
takes a bottle is their first try first
try and she's very happy like no wasn't
one gave him a bottle I like trying to
chug it
I know that smell yeah but I just don't
make thick enough or enough milk for the
kiddos and you just think the milkshake
they looking for milk because my babies
want to eat every hour to hour and a
half if not more she's mean she's like
stinky old milk no that's a girl changer
I just might need to be burped in
between um PJ has had the weirdest
eating schedule just like her brother
and now let's turn into just like
brother like every hour and a half
lately and I just I don't know I got
those fenugreek pills so try and build
up my milk supply I knew start taking
them during the day but man she just has
wanted to eat all day I should be
drinking more water today as well my
babies just like to eat
I understand how like does not even
works I don't understand how I don't
either
I really don't but I got some of these I
took one about an hour ago when I had
fed her last but she is still hungry
yeah I think you just didn't have enough
the first time
oh it's very frustrating for me though I
just thought was of no I got very
frustrated four times on yourself but
it's like I know so I'm gonna take those
pills tomorrow and see if that helps
cuz I don't I'm fine at night
but never enough milk at night but
during the day I just don't have enough
for you today at least because you're
going to eat all day long I got you I
got you you don't have enough milk now
are you happy yeah oh and she's been
sneezing all day and she sneezed out
yellow snot and it's making me a little
nervous
hopefully she sleeps well tonight she's
had a lot of a week time today she's
gonna wake a lot a lot of the day work
out so I thought it'd be fun if I got
putting like a DVD of like typo or
something we're gonna do insanity yeah
cuz I got a TV for Christmas a couple
years back and I loved it I did a lot of
insanity it was really fun and now Sam's
gonna give it a whirl I can't wait to
hear about it when I when I get up I'll
probably walk down in here I'm like yeah
yeah and those what would be like
kicking with him it's gonna be fun do
you ever just accuse little twins ever
ever and so she's your twin
she's not suing up she's just chilling
are you happy now
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
