good morning good morning
look at my little family good morning
good morning to us to us to us to us hey
big brother that's your face huh I don't
poke it just to get it no oh no no
where's your face yeah give teeth cuz
your teeth nice how was last night mama
oh good pretty good I mean to make that
but she goes back to bed so that's a win
yeah moment mm-hmm it's funny because no
has actually been like really good this
morning I was hugging my mom last night
there yesterday and she said you know
when everyone's gone no I might actually
start acting even better and so far this
morning it's been the case right have
you been a good guy oh that's your ear
you gotta be gentle
I'm very interested in little sister yes
and we're watching a little bit of big
hero six this morning which I've never
seen and it's kind of fun
I like the beginning of big hero 6 and
now I'm like yeah oh it's a hair soft
its soft when you read at camera anyways
good morning so far it's been great
relaxing even though I'm tired
which I've like I said accepted well is
be the case although we are getting
better at going the better yes oh you
want her in the blanket oh you want her
on the ground with you do you want her
to play blocks with you okay dude you
guys are my best friends when you're not
fighting - joy sister to play box here
give sister a block
I can't believe these two will play
together someday
yeah gift sister blocked it hold there
you go sis oh she's so happy look it
she's like yes dad's getting some good
baby cuddles I remember these exact
cuddles with Noah oh oh she's got some
good next thing you know baby nothing
like holding a little sleeping baby I'm
still breathing mm-hmm I was asleep I
think we're all gonna miss leap dude
quick that cuz last night was great
that's a Turk in the other news my
babies came I'm so excited I have every
single day yeah there's one for our
better one for Noah's big boy bed oh yes
for this summer I know I'm just like
really excited because like Sam said
whoa I'm like wait right wait right I've
been wanting a buddies for as long as I
discovered them and I just wasn't right
so then that cjx live I went to their
booth and I saw them in person so ones
like filum and touch them and see em in
the flesh
and then I met the lovely ladies of
Betty's and Betsy in particular and we
chatted for a while and she then
communicated with me through she got a
hold of me online and said that she
would send me one and I was basically
freaking out because when I went there
they're like here take a picture you can
try to win a free when I was like yes
please
so I did that and everything and then
she was like yeah I post a picture and
everything and then she was like well
just send you one I was like are you
serious I was like freaking out cuz I
really have been wanting one of these
for so long so I'm very excited to put
it on my bed I've just got to show you
the print because it's like
so cute
it's blue it's like a blue color and oh
okay here's someone I got for Nam we
just got him gray because then we
figured whatever he decides he wants his
bedding
it's like bedroom set like star wars or
sports it would just go with anything so
I just got him great I can't wait to
getting this big boy but this summer but
just wait till you see the one better
dot look at this print oh yeah when I
saw this on there I was like yes give me
it well have me that I have to do is zip
it up it's all one thing you guys I'll
show you I don't if you ever heard of
Betty's hear of them because they're
freaking awesome all you do it's like
one piece took one fitted sheet
basically with the blank and everything
attached to it and you just zip it up
and down it is for your bed I'm so
excited look how pretty it is it's golly
I can't even talk cobalt blue and I'm
just so excited not exaggerating this is
what our bed looks like I'm gonna take a
picture to post on Instagram so you can
see the before and after of the amazing
Betty's look come on look at this pretty
the packaging is so cute look at this
okay that's really not let's put it on
I'm so excited oh okay here is the after
and look so nice I do need to get some
bigger pillows I never realized that
there's actual like king-size pillows
because we have like king-sized
pillowcases but we have reckoning
pillows so that I do to get some bigger
pillows because uh they're like happen
yeah the pillowcases but they're so
pretty so I had to still put the tiny
little pillows in there for now but look
it's so cool it was I must say one thing
putting this on a king sized bed by
yourself will make you work up a sweat
I can imagine putting them on like kids
beds would be a lot easier but because
king-size mattresses are so heavy it's
really hard to lift up by yourself so
get some up with that I didn't get Sam's
up because he's holding the baby
currently I made it work and I got it
done so you guys love this color just
love this color I liked it because I
figured if since it take a blue color
Sam would like it too and it's not too
girly and it's like but it's not too
like boy you know it's like a perfect
king sized blanket for a couple eating
there's even like smaller details in
here okay I love it
thanks buddies I'm so excited to sleep
in it tonight here let me show you the
zip part see it just zips up here and
just zip it down you climb in it has
like the minke blanket in there it was
just so soft and like an extra flap it's
like it like you can cover you
completely and then you just tuck it
under and you just zip it up in the
morning I love it just watching the NFL
Draft of my boy I'm gonna put your
helmet on no likes to leave things the
draft is in Chicago that looks so fun it
looks kind of cold though doesn't that
look kind of cold Noah don't put your
helmet on what's up wait outside here's
the Bears pick Noah oh wow
tell these people do you want to be on a
football team Monday
yeah you know me a football team the
Chicago Bears select Leonard Floyd she's
like just PJ and her guys for Suleman
doll PJ oh right
did you like that Jonathan day yeah one
day
we uh I think we talked about this
morning he's been like way better today
than any other day she's wearing it I
mean it's just the band's back together
yeah uh sport yeah it's good he's even
going over Indian butter and Sydney at
the table we really tried to keep it
we've taken it pretty easy today just
because the weather's been terrible I
know so it's like so nice and sunny but
just like freezing out like so windy you
guys weren't your fan TAS no we did have
a play day and he was good I always know
when it's time to go though because then
he starts like lashing out a little bit
oh Siddhartha thank you having toys so
I'm like okay time to go okay our
discipline yeah time out and stuff we
just it's hard
definitely don't we don't let him get
away with anything no sometimes we may
look like we're like out in public and
we don't want to cause like the biggest
scene ever bad home I know it's hard
disciplining it's like the hardest thing
to learn or to know like what to do with
your child that's one of those things
I'm like I should probably read a book
about this yeah seriously hit any book
that fits every situation right now
everyone's typing in the comments I have
kids like this is what I did you should
read this this is it but uh we'll find
our groove it's working I mean it's
going on we're making we're doing it
we're making you I don't even know what
I'm saying anymore he's he's doing
pretty good though and she's been really
good today too huh
hi hey sis behind your face
what wait are you going why are you
going everyone wants to see you
Oh me Oh okay crazy ice girl yeah I
think crazy mom I just want to go back
to sleep
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood baby yeah your hair
when it's wet it's all girly and pretty
again always looks a lot lighter - all
right down here oh hi hi I'm dead
