it's a very very sad morning here in the
Eriksen household now say um today
Rachel leaves and uh no one's happy
about it especially and now it's one
obsessed with it
what is that what is that I get shrimp
Mountain Dew decision Everett there's
Baja bias in a pitcher Buccaneer
probably let me open it
it's a very nice box they put it all in
it look at magnetic wow wow these got
last versus the pitch black guys all my
baja blast on me yeah it all finally
paid off either or both all right split
inside no I know what oh gosh isn't it
best and then pitch black in Baja wow
that's so funny
no I know more baby yeah you take say
bye bye to Aunt Rachel I'll miss you
thank you today yeah just a minute
whoa and a good burp say love you see
you soon bye Rach I love you I love you
I'm gonna get out now thank you - last
time Rachel decided to sit in the front
seat of the shuttle if we were dying
funny early did I say
I love you I love you I'll miss you
how can you do okay
why say the whole time okay okay what
text me right now when you get in the
shuttle love you miss you already
hey my sister I've become really good
friends over the past couple years we
weren't you know like as all sisters are
they're not the closest when they're
younger me right sister Rachel are only
18 months apart so growing up we were
like you know always sharing a room when
I would always still their clothes and
she would get mad just like that like
just like any siblings we fought all the
time but we've gotten really close over
the past couple years for best friends
sisters are best friends guys appreciate
your siblings seriously love your
siblings bye Rach love you thanks for
coming and helping she did so much guys
like every all the time Jenny what kind
you here and watch Netflix with me or
on-demand so we did that a lot too we
watched a lot of movies while she was
here it's great I'm ready
oh did someone do their own hair yeah
let him sit next to me and then he
grabbed a big scoop and as I just keep
it like that just the gel out he looks
so cool oh it's a rear popping away that
is so much gel here have your head
against mine wrap your head against my
hey yeah I need some more crazy baby go
brush it over
we need a brush you're just nodding his
hair morons
hurt I'm getting it all out oh my well
you could use like a paper towel or
something - well it's just here and not
over here whoa I don't see what looks
like a month of this screen
dude your hair's just give me like that
matches your personality perfectly okay
looks like a little vampire kid the
blond kid vampire movie Tobey Maguire no
oh my dude you're looking good I'm not
gonna lie
kind of jealous Wow look how beautiful
Jenna's I get my eyes on the road but
I'm trying to admire that's beauty great
sex to me stop it you're beautiful
stop it most of the comments because he
died we're currently on our way over to
Taylor's house dedicated I'm blessed
we're going to see tail and Tricia texts
me said Taylor wants no one know was
coming over I said well well come over
today Trish has not met PJ yet so I'm
excited for her she came I'm so special
she came to see me it's sure she did
damn its PJ now you can hold her I know
looks like sing out yes so much just
blue eyes - yeah she looks like Seiya
dark skin like no no crazy
so good oh my gosh you're white maybe a
little color just a little bit but not
like not like know about no oh oh yeah
oh yeah there's like basically that
color got darker there's some blonde in
there that's crazy
oh there she's like yeah you probably
get to meet PJ do you think no no she
seems really good he needed to know I
know I know
oh she is sleeping
two tails first time holding PJ you like
her yeah tail first and then you okay um
turn after Te'o tails never hold okay
it's very adorable
when my mom sees oh you want you to see
her holding I'm holding her oh just hugs
oh okay good job good job
Oh friends yeah arranging marriages look
at they're not fighting they're just I
mean slit
I know that's such a nice hug nothing
ever kiss Oh Ava knows that they're
gonna be besties and she just wants to
hold her best friend already Oh give her
hugs and kisses hey you two stop rollin
over there did you look like a pro
athlete you borrow his helmet for a
while burgers because I'm starving yeah
gosh when I'm around we eat at we've
been eating out a lot since the baby's
here with you know it's hard to cook and
get everything ready but I'm gonna do
better at like meal planning
yes--that's means am we really wanted to
have that as a goal meal planning
because we're both we're both not the
best at it
so we well like I'm getting girls out
but just yes you're when you plan it
right
we just batted the planning part well
you should go the day of the store and
get something forget that night Wow we
look at this setup you've got look at a
little veggie tray right kind of Noah
conveniently some burgers and condoms
everything's cut up no I just picked up
his bun cause he wants to put tomatoes
on this burger they're just freaking
awesome
he hates things been cut up now he feels
like alone again and alone alone very
good for now it's been so nice having
help Rachel is amazing yeah we're alone
alone together together
let's throw that's the next hard part is
finding the balance yes today was like
good cuz Jenna was able to be with both
babies well I got some things done
even just work around the house it's
like John said and super and I said I'm
able to be here especially this summer
being together until Jenna I just love
be another know I'm being with you
first it's awesome you think we'd get
sick of each other do you get sick of me
no but usually make sure we do our own
stuff like you still find time for
things you like and say why so which is
harder when you have to do this right
that's when it's like another kid but
I'm more being unselfish also why we're
up way too late at night probably if
it's really really all right time for
some me time
it's midnight and it's 2:00 a.m. and I'm
awake again and I'm tired I post on
Instagram I said I've come to accept
that I will forever be tired but it will
forever be worth it which is a hundred
percent sure because we were trying to
figure out when we won't ever be tired
again Dondre nicely been forever I guess
I was like once they grown up and out of
the house then we're just old tired and
then we'll be sad but early and then
we'll be wanting to like go and do hang
out with them and they'll be like mom no
stop hey it's a take your parent to the
football game week at your college and
they'll be like oh honey come with don't
be taking pictures of the mascots and
stuff but okay anyways mom dad it's its
parent weekend come yes hopefully Noah
and PJ if you're watching this at a
later date
come on we're pretty cool
in hang out with this all right guys
love you we'll see you tomorrow
peace
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood right now
