he's home she's like hey Dad what's up
what's up dad jahmai room he loved you
goodbye Disneyworld
until we actually visit you with Jen and
Noah
goodbye elevator you had so many buttons
the Levin was extra hard to push for
some reason and stick and work or good
morning sweet world
hey Jason it's good morning although she
was going back to sleep right now
when I brought my jersey in matching
shorts I didn't bring them to wear
together I brought this for the pool and
this to just like be comfortable in but
now I'm wearing it together and we're
playing bad skin
symptom of your own decision
alright Game one is in the books
Jamie and Gavin the Logan heron and de
Haan I think it was 11 to 8 or 9 Gavin
had like 6 points
for games you right now month it might
be a best of three we'll find out
Wow
covering situation
though the long way toward winning the
regard changed colors to the BART this
video is for NOAA national that is a
lizard well and the lizard is gone good
time playing ball
great workout core beat us up my team
went undefeated on say that and take
pride in my pickup basketball that
shouldn't be taken seriously and don't
really sweaty right now thank you and
good morning to you what are you doing
yeah you're painting again and Rachel is
so nice you want some green yeah she saw
us helping you paint and she woke up
with you although you did sleep in till
for like an extra hour almost hour and a
half which was amazing so that was nice
thank you Sam and the other gentleman
you want a dress which Jonathan Sam and
everyone are getting ready and about to
add to the airport soon and then we will
see them tonight no that won't get the
same tonight cuz he'll be in bed asleep
but Sam will be home tonight
which will be fine he keeps telling me
Rachel go order a massage or something
do something he's being really nice but
maybe we'll just like go out during
their nap but you noticed but Browns all
tired do something like that you know
well good hey Rachel can't go in there
and just window-shopping
but no if he's already by that whatever
makes him happy right now
yeah you get painting leave it on cuz
you'll get all paint everywhere
hopefully we can keep this kid happy for
another day then dad will get home every
time I go through security Logan gets
pulled aside
you want to okay that's what maybe they
like them it must have been the shoes it
must have been the shoes every single
time every time I get stopped it's a
they think you're cute
no we just came and grabbed the phone
for me cuz he's my dad's facetiming he
ran away with it
and sewed up right here so grandpa could
watch him shoot some hoops very clever
of you Noah
he set the camera up all by himself no
grip on his hoops oh my gosh
that is so funny he definitely just keep
sitting in his - Andrey falling in his
hoop lovely I just begged Noah to go
outside and he sought Rachel on the
ground doing needs and decided to come
over and do him with her all right come
on well same kid it's been raining all
day but he's currently just in workout
mode with Rachel hello Dolly's everyday
okay no let's do shoes on now scoot your
shoes on okay come on before the rain
come we kick the pasty during the day
but now since the baby came so I don't
know where it is honey we'll have to
find it later you don't need it he's
just going in circles on his bike and
it's really cute
chopped teller said that the Detroit
Airport is not good but it has BF tanks
which he loves but there's an old garden
here too so
probably Don I brothers Italian no was
very excited uncle David's here Oh crazy
man who is that are you so happy ever so
happy to have another male in the house
who is that
oh wait wait no maybe maybe maybe watch
out watch our shop oh that was a close
one that was close so you buy them mommy
you're a terrible human being Jen he
looks so disappointed
he looks so disappointed Jen Jen what
why you put a red bow in low man's hair
one of the world's going on here you
have a crazy on thing this kid is crazy
you're crazy no are you stuck in there
oh gosh don't let him fall oh gosh you
know what's gonna happen when uncle
poopy comes over what are you doing
also this little girl is basically out
of newborn clothes look at this so tight
on her and it's like hard to snap
already my cow
how are you out of newborn clothes how
is it possible
no I will make you fitting them for as
long as possible you little chubby baby
you go chubster you just like eat um mom
what are you really stuck honey oh my
gosh your uncle's Meeny weeny so we may
have had chick-fil-a for lunch actually
all of us that's a randomly and now we
might all be eating Jamba Juice
smoothies bowls for dinner okay get this
lid off it seriously well I'm like
starving a salad I want to try Rachael
and David got the other one the one I
haven't tried well this looks a lot
crappier than okay well it's cuz it's
bigger when I was there oh they were
making them so good and they were like
no joke I think I could seriously live
off smoothie bowls and chick play salads
for sure
oh yeah we're sure those two things
scream to me the rest of my life or at
least the rest of this nursing time
because that's all I want to eat I wake
up wanting these things no joke mmm it
just sucks that like cost money
nicer actually I just need to make my
own smoothie ball no for real just get
all the ingredients made yourself I know
I should but I'm good at reading butts
and now we're going to watch another
movie because we have on demand and
there's lots of free movies on there
which is this third row I think this is
a well this is America's fourth night
your third night no maybe not maybe this
third night porno movie in row unman
who's uber no with what do we watch
first as you watch
you watch one with a dad you want the
dough see we watch live data we watch
watch Pittsburgh - we watch Cinderella
and now tonight I don't know we're gonna
watch we're gonna check it out right now
I'll keep you posted
we found that's good I don't watch
movies often David loved Cinderella he'd
a low key though that was like one of
the cutest movies I've ever seen was it
some ponies it was a good team it was
like adorable good cheese cheese not bad
baby want a girlfriend but that's not
gonna happen so behind him quiz what's
his name he's a guy throw a quiche so
funny what's his name
we went with the proposal tonight and I
just love funny whites so much so I
almost just missed the connecting flight
because I was buying haha blasts worth
it and when we got back we ran into our
boy Anthony and how was that Anthony
blackish and then he Anderson yeah we
caught up you know for a good like 15
seconds he's here for a movie Anthony if
you're watching this you need anything
we're here for you man you let us know
he's home she's like hey Dad what's up
what's up dad I missed you hey no it's
bigger
oh she's already so much bigger I know I
told her she was gonna be a bigger daddy
her face is like so round now huh yeah I
know I've seen some pieces like on her
blanket but I don't think it's gonna
like fall all the way out hey are you
smiling cause daddy's home do you wanna
make up with him yeah Richard took the
monitor just in case I can take it from
you a lot if he fell actually different
stairs when he's already awake yeah soon
thanks dad don't you guys sit in the car
I was like oh he's like guys in a room
cookus
tonight when I was gonna go into bed he
I was like I stood him up to like zip up
these jammies and he grabbed me around
the head and this yeah and like keeps me
like ten times in a row
oh and I wanted to cry I was like Ethan
literally kissed me
guys like - boo oh yeah but like it's a
very dark blue I don't know we'll see
it feels really good to be on Oh their
eyes are really great no there's like
blue there's really there's solid color
hazy they like that blue he's so cute
Beth
mmm yeah I probably gained a couple
ounces since you've been gone
seriously she seems like longer - yeah
well newborn like these like pajama
newborn pajamas are done numero Mazar
done that's for the other three and it's
like it's her perfectly
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understand know what guess
who's here
guess who's here
