forgive the iPhone camera but either was
scared and she came to me and I said
okay you can cuddle no one she came over
and cuddled Noah you cuddly Noah real
good on camera oh yeah yeah I think I
went out like this at the park
we actually made it out of the house
today I'm sorry I'm on my phone I met I
don't know if Sam's with the vlogging
camera and maybe upstairs uh we actually
made it outside made outside the house
which was a feat guys a feat I think
knows on the menu just has a cough so
hoping he gets better Sam's out filming
with Elliot I went too far dang it
they pull me back for a while well
moving on the way home I don't really
know that for that fun thing we're doing
he's doing I've had so many nice friends
coming and bringing me stuff which was
so nice I had Monica earlier this week
saying let me come cook you guys dinner
let me bring you dinner let me do
something I'm like no you're so nice but
you just take care of your family don't
come get sick also because I don't want
the baby to get sick but she was so
sweet Elia is helping Sam right now
which is so nice my friend Erika brought
well I'm just stop saying my friend you
guys know she's my friend Erika you know
who she is now brought me over chicken
noodle soup and crackers yesterday which
I've already eaten both of those kids
this is sue I am for dinner last night
because really soups all I've been
feeling like eating so it's been like so
nice and and my friend Bianca came over
today she's like hey I just made a huge
batch of soup I'm bringing some to you
I'm like okay you're so nice so she
brought me homemade chicken noodle soup
and it's so good I kind of snuck some
bites earlier today what okay I snuck
some bites earlier today because I I
just kind of helped it
it's so good so thank you guys and my
friend Bianca actually has they have a
youtube channel as well the Gallagher's
Gallagher GA ll a
er no there's an H in there
Oh God like the th e and then G a ll a
gh er s the Gallagher's go check them
out they have the cutest little family
she's got four kids and the last two are
identical twin girls and they're just
really cute and it's fun so go check
them out
they've been doing really fun vlogmas
stuff they've been doing much better
than we have go check it out and tell
him I said hi hi Bianca I know you're
watching this she's like my friend to
give you this goodie bag my gate went to
take her pot back like you just made me
soup and now you're giving me a little
thing but you said I had to wait til Sam
was home and he's not home yet so I'm
gonna wait you should like made a tree
and then there's something else in there
people are wait here they're so nice
there's good people everywhere anyway
waiting for Sam gotta go entertain these
children I'm gonna make myself some food
right now and yeah have a great day next
morning look what I walked into this
morning you did what get out there and
there are you not sleeping here Wow
don't teach your sister that okay thank
you
you look so grown-up today I was finally
able so I like I was saying my phone
footage yesterday I don't know how the
quality is on that but my friend Bianca
had brought had brought me soup it was
really good and then she I had wanted to
take her pot back and she's like oh why
haven't we for you I was like what look
at what she got us freakin Tamagotchi
either oh my god they're like mini
keychains or so you
in a little cart and a little back bomb
and chocolates and she made this what
she what she call it just she she called
it Coogan cookies and cream or something
she made this little treat the treat in
here so that looks so good thank you
Bianca
so much you guys are the sweetest so
nice she got some Tamagotchis you take
care of the little creature on there
you're so cute I love that the packaging
I feel like is the same ice back in the
day yeah the fab yes I was like man I'm
just buying too much stuff I needed show
up so you were trying to pull my order
and look how nice our friends are
they're so cute little really always
that like no raisins are this mine
they're so cute
hold on kids one I'll hold them you
gotta give me a hug
semester previa job don't start it yet
that's right because she'll kill it
don't pull it out babe leave it
seriously yes it's serious they don't
know how to take care of that got a
hatch first yeah but I don't know how to
take care of it so you this is this is
how you can train to have a real-life
pet you have a tamagotchi first
we're doing chocolate they say thank you
Bianca
now that the kids and Jenica are feeling
much better generals telling me that
everyone in her family is basically sick
this week so hopefully we've knocked it
out before they get here and you better
not be bringing the flu nobody better be
bringing anything we gotta have a
healthy Christmas last Christmas I was
so sick like I did not enjoy Christmas
at all I felt terrible I couldn't even
like breathe and PJ I remember was up
all night we were getting like two three
hours of sleep but I'm going to say
right now we're gonna post a video every
single day between now and the end of
December we're gonna end it with a bang
if I don't do it I'm building my channel
our channel I promise changing topics
real quick I do read it secret santa
every single year and I usually I always
draw a female which is interesting and
this year I drew someone that is super
into art that he got a BFA they do
printmaking they do photography they do
film a lot like Jen used to do like in
the darkroom you guys anyone remember
those vlogs when we were at the the
darkroom and the art lab or whatever it
was called anyways I ended up getting
her a painting set it's a little
different than what she's into but I
thought she might enjoy it because Jen
actually enjoys that so I was like I got
her like a cool little thing but my
Secret Santa sent me the cryptocurrency
investing Bible the ultimate guide about
blockchain mining trading ICO etherion
platform exchanges top cryptocurrencies
for investing perfect strategies to make
money yeah that's pretty interesting I'm
definitely gonna check it out this sort
of thing is changing all the time so I
wonder how accurate everything is but
there's definitely gonna be some history
and things here that it's interesting
right so you're Santa
if you're watching this thank you Oh
let's give back in the festive mood
people gosh all of our Christmas
shopping is done I believe now it's time
to enjoy its enjoy Christmas see you
tomorrow peace
watching restaurant videos I don't know
they just do like those trending cool
dessert videos on Instagram I always
watch those are you thick no I got into
my makeup today
