good morning good night today's the
final day of playlist live tired I miss
my babies good morning to you David had
some arrangements and they have worked
crazy
he's so hyped up right now the legend of
the red was way hard to name a movie
he's also I think a little sleep
deprived and delirious name that movie
school rock hi Noah
good morning cuz playing catch with some
Dre's beats right now this real ugly
asleep in no explain and dad is
showering and packing up cuz he leaves
two at one which is really sad but David
has the whole day off so he's the fake
time daddy today huh
did you see dad on the phone I think it
makes no really sad so he misses his
daddy Rachel's here yep luckily she'll
be here for a couple more days
oh by NOAA they love you Oh boom kids
dish okay come on let's move your room
that's gonna hear from city boy okay say
bye bye to Grandpa
bye grandpa we'll miss you grandpa hey
that's the little video that Tyler made
attractive
all right we here in the booth doing a
live stream right now this is all we
have left right here these shirts couple
shirts here some bracelets
hey little bro hey big bro my little bro
good to see a big bro you daily
absolutely my button here this is cheb
Tyler's sister you can follow her on
Twitter it's Caitlyn Shelton underscore
next up-and-coming rocker put put on
your face what are you gonna record
yourself in Star Wars
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh trade route turn it
around there you go okay that board
nobody's kick yeah so tell her what's
going on party last night came up to the
ACM people they need she just kept
saying how she missed her opportunity to
talk to them Sam being the nice guy yes
just like yeah
hey we're in Orlando when our dreams
come true right here DJ hit the music I
just hate when these little glasses
No all right now we gotta have a sword
fight
time to beat up check data with this
little muffin look how big she is in
there already
I just I think I'm mind boggled look how
big she looks her head and everything
she's growing so much in just three
weeks golly we have decided that we're
going for a family drive yeah haven't we
I guess so yes I decided that we're so
we're just going to drive up the canyon
just go for a drive we used to do it as
a family I didn't mention in his vlog he
used to do this with our parents they
would force us to go on drives and we'd
scream half of the time and then half
the time my dad would just turn around
and take us home so much but here we are
years later actually going on family
drive ourselves so you know you did
something right parents you did
something right mom and dad
okay dry your tears right now breathe in
and out in and out so maybe suelillis
just know what's going down Jen's gonna
be here you're gonna be your step and
we're all gonna go partying together
we gotta sign it of course
watch the vlog and cry I'm gonna tell
offender away
yeah it's that obviously that because
he's going your way
so much playlistlive itself is coming to
an end at least the convention
where is this
it's just let's just go down the first
dam just go down that okay just say hi
to the Ducks from here okay last time I
came like it was like shallow all the
way up there
oh gee it looks like you pooped no joke
hey welcome to the fresh air you want to
see some ducks to turn me around so you
can see some decks hey go go six come on
let's go here come on read my mind yeah
it's such a nice day out
hey don't you dare David no don't even
don't even joke David stop it
David no I wasn't very nice I'll kill
you you I don't care no he wasn't
I don't care no not funny oh geez big
goose this is sad part when everyone
goes home there's Matt from swashing TV
his brother swash swash and game in
foster yeah there we go check it out
good to see these guys good
the bug family the beard about I always
say the bearded bug whenever I see you
the dated back up good to see you guys
play a slide that's pretty much over now
so when you go home and cry it's
bittersweet
it's good to see these guys though we're
trying to get ready to or wrapping up
here on the youtubes
for playlist we're getting ready to fly
it off for the end of it and we're just
getting ready to cheer and toddlers come
upon he's gonna off and we're not
much we can do right now Davis pink a
bum
isn't he uncle day was it stinky well I
think I've been recording on the wrong
setting is full time sorry Sam
I haven't been on the video mode no that
is terrifying
let's see if I can zoom in that is so
scary there is so many over there look
at all of those look at all of those
that's terrifying
take me
so last year we went to Universal the
day before playlist started today we're
actually doing the little and I think
where we have the whole entire part to
ourselves we just came in like a private
entrance and there's literally no one
here this is a red carpet event
I was really blurry but there's a bunch
of tall people would you look at that
that's pretty neat CPM Wow Tyler's mom
and starting your blog right now I think
she said it best it feels almost like
we're like in a dream or dead because
it's like a bear in mind it's like it
literally a dream you would have that
Universal Studios just closed off just
to you they have the help I got barred
just on the street rabbits or chucked at
fun Drive I only drink that's my god
damn Jam this seriously feels like a
dream oh good
Heather's mom is running ahead to vlog s
getting in on her vlog her vlog name and
channel URL to be determined I'm not
sure what it is yet
Oh Agis wizards welcome back bubbles do
you best join the next letter you got
hot it's like hot out right now like
sunny beautiful
I'm Chuck stick art hey what'd you make
we're gonna get in the car now okay
looks great
okay so we turn a corner and we're all
alone here at freaking Hogwarts what the
heck he's so sick because there's
Hollywood's
so Diane how he's actually gloves right
on the train which we are waiting for
right now well ended up turning into a
really nice day we went out as perfect
time I thought I was gonna get like
really cloudy and rainy but so sunny
nice and so we had a great time down at
the dam Noah ran around and have fun and
now we're playing outside a little bit
gets more energy out best hand uncle
ever
Noah has his skateboard right just not a
skateboard Noah Sam art who is that
David on the vibe board mr. dork they're
all just hanging out there so great
good family peeps I got some good family
right here good job good job
Noah Wow you're doing your whole body
this time good know another one another
one I know one yo is that Harry
all of all of the train to Diagon Alley
we're really not going to die enemy
the Hogwarts Express
Jen's going back with us Alex meet
anyway
that's way cooler I like this better
we did it and dreams come true I got a
butterbeer frozen beard just FaceTime
with Jen I was kind of fun I'm taking a
sip of this
day on which one has chosen you it
doesn't look like a one though that
looks like a mouth my god it's like
medieval this is that not about their
life I thought the one chooses you oh
yeah but the crooked ones I don't know
it's going on over here the wine chose
him yeah you want humble Dumbledore's
elder
Valley didn't want to write it with me
for some reason so here we go we just
woke up everyone saw us goodbye
oh all the vanity Ollivanders all event
okay you can't buy a Wanda not know
Harriet Baker's a fine one since 328 BC
you know long ago that was are you gonna
do spill handcrafted specifically for
day on this is actually actually that's
not true
hey you opted to go the cheaper route so
it wasn't actually picked by you you
pick this one let's make that clear yeah
you have to pay extra for the magic and
this one did not say I'm thought he was
getting the magic yeah I thought the one
would flick him it did not throw on him
for you this was actually given to me it
wasn't given to you yes you see is that
Dumbledore himself before you know Harry
Potter pin a lot of agents Harry Potter
loved what's up I know she's from like
soap operas all time I see it really you
- I haven't met our house we saw see
you're digging yourself a hole I feel
like if you just really cut your losses
anyway I was let's see your paterna's
already buy okay first off if everyone's
Petronas will go through trailer's is
chester the cheeto this so you can marry
me expressing my laugh cuz he didn't get
an imagine try college to sing patronum
and chester the tube is coming out like
yeah yeah Aryans what's your attorneys
to Iggy Azalea screen the old coach ah
mines uh make sure well sometimes I
don't know it's a wild card at times
it's surgical any persona oh thank you
other times it's just enough fact no I
changed mine Johnny Depp also tonight a
spider why does no one Wow
I'm you're really cute bitterness okay
anyways this is gifted to me it wasn't
stoppies name that it's not true please
ever but this was gifted to me it was
not gifted this is gifted and uh casing
of course Wow
great reaction branding the ibn number
on the back
am I the greatest Wizard of all time
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood actually I would put
this out I was noticed I was called the
wizard as I'm walking through wizard
actually you said I'm always err than
the guy said that's what they all say
no what about the lady I'm still before
you really I was called it's been
confirmed that I'm a wizard because that
guy got mad at me for looking at Sirius
Black's wand and he said that's killed a
lot of muggles and I said I'm not a
muggle he dropped the one he's like sir
please and then he said that's gonna be
29 9 yeah he's like you're right Jane
I'm sorry Real Talk that's actually
gonna cost you rely Kroll money give me
your debit card off first of all the
Ministry of Magic needs to charge an
instruction this is not a toy this is
real life
nuts nothing to nothing to mess with
that's nice and not in focus but it's
alright it's fine this is not a fragile
collectible one this is not a toy mm-hmm
that's serious whoa I started you have a
license to handle it like that what's
your first what's your first spell slow
down I don't want to think going off
without my consent the easy one you're
just thinking about it for a minute
crucio Oh Ivana Lonnie doesn't know any
Wingardium Leviosa Tyler before it maybe
XM
