to me cute do you a seven I think that's
partly why you've been so cranky today
huh huh okay there you go
let's see Wow cool dude okay let's go Oh
has a lot to do before he leaves he's
leaving the playlist today and oh you
can't even see me this guy has been
playing out in the water table huh feels
like someone out there today it's really
hot out black jeans and I'm like a half
melting think he's excited to have a
little new momster black eye he doesn't
seem it up close and personal but he's
got quite the shiner right now come on
sue I yeah
looks better today huh mm-hmm
baby boy Oh baby baby
guys he's grown he can reach the pedals
on his bike he's just getting too tall
I'm noticing like oh my gosh you're so
much heavier to pick up about little
boys growing up James getting ready to
go it's really sad your eyes match your
shirt though we were together so often
that we rarely have to upload footage
separately this is the third time we've
uploaded separately I feel like really
right now yeah third floor so in the
past it's been stressful because you've
had to like try and find good internet
but we have better internet here so I
just taught Jen how to get all the
footage on yeah and she can send it to
me I also found these photos it again oh
wow
oh so cute other family but it's fast
fall yeah I found this I'm blown so my
thumb was in the drive so I was like oh
those are perfect oh well they're cute
we're gonna miss you jinx personal jinx
there we go I think my bit I think
having grandpa here will help keep the
spirits up yeah I think I'll have like
one day of like one afternoon ranking
that fun but otherwise it's gonna be
work mo tiring yeah but even be able to
meet much you guys do yeah we good yeah
it's Jen to me there's a hug from Jair
John's giving me a hug right now
and then I'll give that to you guys
let's try to make this an awkward hug
the gentlemen are here to chauffeur this
one
they're gonna go and do work thank you
come say goodbye to your doctor I'm
going up too much keep your hair it's
beautiful
keep you here okay I got Noah some new
sneakers
since he's growing out of his New
Balance which is really sad and I want
to learn new New Balance ones but
uncle-ji school choice but uh after all
Emily's I just saw so I picked him up
okay ready
come sit down on the couch I got you
some new sneakers come sit over here sit
down I'm gonna open it
do you like him I know well know what
their new sneakers look their new
sneakers open mine won't try it let's
try mine see if they fit look it that's
just one velcro I wanted something easy
for the summer
look you just unbell crow it good cool
sneakers Mickey go so fast Wow
welcome wait is this manual focus Tyler
this manual it might be me
remember 25
knuckle knuckles my sister has been a
godsend I know but she's already like
cleaned all my dishes and my mom did
this to this I had all my dishes done
and like cleaning up everything it was
just she's so nice and holding this baby
all day
well I've been taking care of Noah I
know I'm just so grateful you came so
fun I'm Queen your messes oh yes of
course I get to go see you hello
airplane etiquette says that I get these
arrests but
my favorite thing about Delta flights
are the lights and music pj only wants
to be held like B on her stomach today
which is good because it's a little
tummy time for her she's a cuddly just
cuddle on your chest yeah she's
definitely loving that today uncle poopy
or David came scared the crap out of me
you sit on his video he open the door
got to getting it lovely showed my
diligence he just came over a little
while ago we all had dinner my friend
Tara made chicken casserole for us that
she's like frozen meals oh my gosh it
was so good it was really good something
his half we're so good oh man we down
that all of us there's even a piece left
over for my dad he just landed and is
about to hop on a shuttle and head up
here himself and this little kid is now
playing with uncle poopy for a little
while sleepy baby this has literally
been her favorite position okay she he
was passing out just like this Sam's on
his flight to Florida right now
this is how Rachel keeps her nice little
body 100 hello dollies she's just
sitting here also sick I'm gonna do a
hundred hello dollies just doing him
everyone Rachel in action remember yeah
remember yeah
yeah
we made it to Orlando it's kind of a
long flight the best part is though is
that the Cubs ditch no-hitter
Jake Arrieta and also guys 16 nothing
and the whole time I got to sit next to
track Jenna who is wearing a red tag PJ
I think grandpa's here just to meet you
are you excited to meet grandpa safe huh
where where's grandpa Oh where's grandpa
uh-oh
past he came out she's always very
offended when I give her this pacifier
oh excuse me this is not your this is
not your child my father everybody what
you mean hold on my shirts riding up
here's your grandchild number three
sickeningly three she's not very happy
right now
she's my sleep all day is that crazy
she's just eyeing you like uh grandpa
voice I heard gay do double chances I
got nice thing huh which one's better
looking me HM this is the crazy airport
with like palm trees there's like a mall
in here and
our fighting Tetris trying to get all
the bags in the back of the car we
actually didn't ship anything we put
everything in the suitcases to save
money set up see how it goes I'm ready
for maybe a moment of truth
oh yeah let's go submit it to our room
four guys one full-size bed ten this is
not what I had in mind this is actually
sick let's enjoy this view of Disney
while we still can because I do believe
we are switching rooms we made it
the main room two beds post in the
comments who do you think is sleeping
together am i sleeping with dejan or
Aaron or toddler who is the lucky one
that will fit on this tiny bed with me
Oh memories see this some once installed
yeah Wow a very scary murder like
usually got Alfred Hitchcock better
welcome back if you don't know oh
there's me Alfred Hitchcock come on in
rear window you seen that movie birds
birds this next message is for noah bus
ends today's vlog i'm trying to download
all of gens clips right now and it's
taking it's just been rough it's 341
a.m. this time and dan says we have to
be up at 7:00 so face time with jen
tonight looks like everything's good
her dad's there which you probably just
on the vlog and we will see you guys
tomorrow
face
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you bad understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood Wow a Cubs fan and a
Reds fan sleeping during a four-game
series while the heat issues
