okay auntie Rachel's here auntie's
Rachel's here it's like it's like
Christmas good morning sweet world I
think my sleep deprivation is finally
catching up to me because I actually
kind of feel tired today and I feel like
I'm getting dark circles but it doesn't
matter because life is good and I'm
happy and where God we're about to go
play right we're gonna go play yeah I'll
take you out also Rachel's coming today
and Rachel's coming today did you know
that you didn't know that oh you always
stick your tongue out easy yourself so
funny all right let's go play dude ready
wait can we sing a song with a bum bum
ba ba ba bum you losers time to get out
someone's excited like always yeah let's
go see jeez
what's up brother Oh are we having a
guy's day what'd you say guys hey you're
like hey we having boy time guys time
right there's no you said apple juice
we're playing lava and mountain castle
and zombie boy they're hiding from
zombie kid right now where's the zombie
stays idea I think I hear I think I hear
him two brains where is he where is he
he's through there there's a jambe kid
oh man all right we went down the big
slide and then zombie kid who's gone
Noah weird zombie kid go where'd it go
hey what is the zombie do that's the
noise he makes have you guys know what
zombies are how do you know what a
zombie is already good zombie kid that's
a zombies deer yeah yeah I mean but I
don't think zombies are real like
they're not really a thing it's just
fake they're not really real yeah
oh gosh are you zombie kids I think you
guys are the zombie kids okay now he
wants to play John Cena
how do you play John Cena who are you
okay you're John Cena I'm the bear you
said right I'm the bear you're both John
Cena
okay I mean I can wrestle Joe John Cena
essentially wrestles the bear okay
actually seems kind of logical and then
you go okay I don't know if I want to be
the bear okay auntie Rachel's here and
he's Rachel's here it's like it's like
Christmas build your water dude Thanks
okay let's clean that up
apparently yeah oh my god I'm the
cleanup business I haven't held a baby
this small nothing it's not crazy last
time you saw me she was in me yeah she
was jabbing you oh my gosh your face is
so cute it's not crazy
we're like who are you you don't matter
like guys no it's just from nursing yeah
I just get like linty so which time you
in real life in real life you think you
smile I know thank you
look at that crazy hair though do all
shirt is it all watch yeah well we
watched it like yesterday
and then it just gets greasy from yeah
etching baby I'm not crazy I know my
friend brie gave me that one this is
that crazy
okay that's you don't have to hold her
all the ripples while you breastfeed oh
did you are you liking your sandwich oh
yeah I put a little surprise turkey in
there I'm so glad you're eating it oh
dang dude you really town seriously good
how was the drive and flight and
everything I'm tired
formally oh sorry sorry
yeah you should we play those bubbles
after now say hi to your Aunt Rachel
over here she's like I don't want I just
love the boobies so she so um I heard
about you her double time really instill
doubt in the past week this is your
auntie she's coming to play but it's in
this week she's all because she's hungry
she looks so scary right now
she loves to cuddle like that the Chanti
okay okay we'll feed you
no I'll feed you okay hey Rachel just
putting a choco taco this is her first
ever bite of choco taco this one's not
as good as I boxed ones it's one more
gas station it's kind of random it gets
better the more bites you take that's
kind of stay on Sam likes it though
looks Dale once Bella's just how they
are he likes it there stick
we should get like an actual box of them
and see if they're any better
Rachel don't like the snail shell I hate
em hmm it's no a strawberry shortcake I
was supposed to film at the two-week
appointment and I forgot cuz I was
worried about her getting pricked but
this little lady has gained quite the
weight she has games like what in the
devil pound then because she was 87 at
her last appointment and now she's 98
she gained a full pound in a week and a
half
honey likes to eat he said he's like Oh
her lips she definitely likes to suck
and I said yep that's like the third
time they've peeled oh my gosh I cannot
I was like shocked because look at rich
like oh my gosh she's used to gain about
eight okay so she gained like two pounds
yeah yeah I know look at no it's
actually attempting to pedal good job
buddy
keep doing that's how you pedal yeah we
are also taking this will miss out for
her first walk in the stroller
after two weeks she's just snoozing in
there everyone kept saying they want
more pj footage so here she is
that's yay get the ball Noah good kick
Noah is basically in heaven with Aunt
Rachel he wants her and not me he said
Oh mom I want Rachel basically in his
language
here they go you just been useless been
all the way in a circle you can don't
worry guys you don't lean buckled cuz
I've stopped when I push her I'll buckle
her back up let's just hide out here I
want to get too hot in there
no I always sweat so much in this car
seat I have a feeling she'll be the same
way because she's just as big as Noah I
already had to up up a notch here and
loosen the straps and take out the baby
headrest cuz her head did not fit in it
anymore
and I was literally only a week ago only
a week ago and the double chains coming
in nice and strong nice and strong you
didn't hit it twice but we did good one
of them actually almost think we're
coming days where we say no ballin
laughs alright he's not even two mm-hmm
two months try again try one more time
oh she wants to eat but she just ate all
day today she ate at 6:15 and that was a
second time in like the Larry on the
other side dude if she's awake she wants
to eat ready oh oh she's showing up for
double chin
oh that's are you uncomfortable tonight
Jen gave Noah bath and then I put him to
sleep and it was funny because we
already sing sonic so and usually Jen
sings and like really lovely like church
songs and I'll do that too sometimes but
tonight we sing Star Wars songs because
he has been obsessed with the Star Wars
theme song all day we have watched and
the song about 20 times today so we sing
that together
he's even starting to learn it kind of
like you couldn't do it itself but he's
like you know just like so funny so he's
saying that many went to bed and
Penelope was having our type of likes
like two sons like Jenny I got this I
got this
so I went and grabbed her sari de-rocker
and we sing the Star Wars saga I did and
two minutes later she's asleep
which means I'm either a terrible singer
and I just put people to sleep or it's
just the perfect lullaby been doing some
laundry cleaning up just trying to get
everything ready I feel like I need one
more day before I leave but I do leave
tomorrow for playlist a little later in
the afternoon so it's okay we had
decided before Penelope was born that if
she was born by her due date I could
probably go now that the day is here I'm
like kind of sad you know oh my god I
don't really want to like leave my
family most dads would already be back
at work at this point some dads get like
seven to ten days of paternity leave I
think sometimes it depends on how many
kids you have
I'm not sure I think that was my last
shot I think that was the case but my
buddy he he like five six seven days and
he was back at work
some people don't even get any days you
know it depends rework it's crazy I just
feel so blessed and fortunate to be able
to be here so much and to help out and
it's been good to bond with Noah get
time with Penelope and I'm just like I'm
around him so much that I'm kind of like
I'm really gonna be sad enough to
FaceTime a lot and I feel like by the
time I get back even though it's just a
couple days but not abusing me already
bigger maybe she's already a pound
bigger you know it'll be good though
because I feel like I need to be
responsible especially with my part and
tricks and I've kind of taken the past
two weeks ish off in a way and other
people have carried my responsibilities
so I need to be there for them and I'm
also excited to meet many of you guys I
know many of you would rather meet Jen
but I'll do my best to represent us at
playlist live as well also been working
on teaching Noah a new word every single
day yesterday it was two words combined
together apple juice today we want to
try to say doctor he's getting really
good at it too anyways I need to try an
get everything done so I feel
comfortable leaving tomorrow I'm just so
happy that we're gonna be able to have
family here what a blessing that is to
to have gems
add ancestor here to help out its me
good bonding moments for them for Jen
survivor it was crazy tonight
hashtag Wow they give you hashtags
during the show it was hashtag what
novice rambling but I wish Jen and
everyone could just come with me this
summer will be great though we have so
many fun trips and Tyler's wedding
that's me crazy so anyways thanks for
watching today guys we love you guys and
we will see you tomorrow bass
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood me
