good morning sweet world I wanted to
start off today's vlog though by talking
about something that you guys keep
asking every single vlog on all the
pictures and that is how are you taking
these pictures what camera are using
lens just give me more information I
assume that means that you guys are
enjoying the photos that we're taking
because we are posting tons of newborn
photos we've been posting family photos
pics of Noah just different things and
also we manage and take almost all the
photos in the tricks in clothing
Instagram so there's certain events in
your life like weddings babies so you
just like I got a nail it I got to get
the photo I don't want to miss it I want
to miss the moment like Noah meeting
Penelope for the first time you just
want to get it right you want to have
that documented forever because it's
just so cute and amazing one of my
favorite things about doing daily vlogs
is that there's many times we get to
work with companies that we absolutely
love and can actually sent me a camera
to kind of try out work with I used it
in the birth flog they also sent another
product that I was super excited to use
and all this like leading up to the baby
I was just like so excited I was like
this is me amazing so actually helping
sponsor today's video which is pretty
cool because we have only used Canon
products for as long as I can remember
starting off we actually use a Canon
camera to vlog it's the g7 X as you can
see here it has the flip up screen it's
pretty awesome is that every single day
it's versatile I love the image
stabilization on it because sometimes
Jen is like filming like crazy and this
will actually make it so you're not that
sick I think they're coming out with the
g7x like to or mark to next month and I
cannot wait to get my hands on that
let's talk about pictures they're real
quick okay in my opinion the most
important thing to take a good photo is
the lighting okay it's kind of obvious
if you take a photo in the dark which is
not gonna look good it might look grainy
your camera like compensates for that
and it's just you know you're gonna have
at that time number two you have to have
something to actually take the photo
with so a camera and a lens most people
ask me like what they should start off
with they want to take photos of their
kids or whatever I totally recommend for
beginners and amateurs the Canon Rebel T
six I it's an amazing camera it's great
at video it has the flip out screen
which I love you can see me right there
this gives you so much versatility to
like vlog with it take video photos you
can take like selfies with it and then
this comes with the kit lens
18 to 55 millimeter which i think is
perfect for video in photos I love
getting really like close up if you're
looking for like a nice camera that's
affordable this is it okay I've
absolutely been in love with this camera
you guys saw the other day I was
actually vlogging a couple times with it
I used in the birth vlog everything that
comes out of it has been amazing many
you guys know that Jen studied
photography in college she was an art
photo major so we had to get like
something nice to take photos with that
was like her livelihood it still is she
takes photos for us for trixin and so we
actually do have like a higher-end
camera as well this is the Canon 5d Mark
3 it takes amazing photos my favorite
thing about this camera is it can take
photos practically in the dark with very
little noise which is huge and I can go
more in depth than that in other videos
but this is a beastly camera you can
take just as good of a photo with this
camera as you can with this this just
kind of like gives you more leeway now
it kind of makes it easier for you but
for you guys like I would totally
recommend getting a kit like this okay
but my favorite lens that we do use and
take photos with is this 85 millimeter
lens this is like kind of like a
mid-range lens as far as price goes the
photos we've gotten have been my
absolute favorite with this have you
ever seen one of those photos that is
like the subject super in focus and then
everything else is kind of blurry it's
kind of a shallow depth-of-field is what
you would say there's bokeh as what
other people say this lens can totally
nail that shot because you can shoot at
a 1.8 aperture I can go more in depth
than that in another video I don't wanna
bore you guys but that's how you get
that those like amazing photos where the
subject is just like BAM and everything
else is blurry
I love taking pics like that of people
babies especially it's amazing so this
is what we use on a daily basis okay
these cameras it's kind of a lot but we
love photography we love video I trust
this product in these cameras and lenses
to get the shot that I need in the
moment like no meeting Penelope it's
there if you guys are more interested in
like the process of actually taking that
photo once you have the equipment let me
know I can do like a dedicated video
about that we can go totally in-depth
than that my favorite part is taking the
photo Lee's favorite part is like
afterwards it's like it's kind of
frustrating getting all your photos onto
the computer in the right place
and then cannon actually sent me this to
try out it's the connect station cs100
this actually allows you to no joke take
your camera if it has like if you have
this camera you can place it near the
connect station and it will take all the
photos and videos right off of it I'm
going to demonstrate how this is done
and this is something that has saved us
so much time and also the moms our moms
have loved because I've been able to
just print off pictures directly after
taking them like we took a picture of my
mom we took a picture of Jen's mom
printed them off right away and then
they have them so now I'm downstairs I
have my connect station plugged in here
as you can see it's plugged in with an
HDMI into my TV as you can see there are
tons of photos what I did in this case
is I just plugged in my little memory
card into the front there and it
imported all the photos and videos but
you can also if you have like an NFC
camera you just raise it above and it
will take all the photos off really easy
to do we take lots of photos even have
the same thing these are all photos of
Tyler and so we can look at them on the
TV there's my mom right there I'm on so
this is cool because we're able to just
plug it in right away it will import it
all I can get on a computer download the
photos I can save them to my phone post
them to Instagram whatever I want to do
or in this case like my mom she just got
here and I can show her all the photos
that we took from the other day on the
big screen
I know your eyesight is getting a little
worse I'm just giving like this we can
look at it look at this photo I don't
think we've shared this one on Instagram
or anything it's one of my favorites
that we took I really like this because
we can plug them in and then I can go
through them again and see like which
one she liked we can get a good view
make sure they were in focus
they look nice they're easy to share
with everyone in the room because when
you have a baby everyone wants to see
photos of it that's the first thing as
soon as the baby is born I got a million
text messages where's the photo where's
the photo where's the photo well this
way we can actually just send them super
easily look at them oh look at that
little face
super easy I'm just using the remote
right here to kind of cycle through the
different photos with that photo shoot
alone we had like hundreds of photos
this can actually hold a terabyte of
photos and video I believe it's like
fifteen thousand photos approximately
which is good for us because we take way
too many my second favorite feature
other than just how easy it is to get
these photos up and then onto your phone
computer everything like that is that
okay I can put them up on the TV and
then I asked my mom like hey do you like
this one she likes it and then all I
have to do is go to menu down to print
set my printer settings click OK and my
printer is printing the photo app for my
mom to have in the past my mom hasn't
liked it when I take photos on our
cameras because it takes her so long to
get them from us so this has kind of
been a different transition as far as
when we were usually together right mom
it's true she's always like no I don't I
know your photos like it would take you
forever to get it to me so in this case
it's been like instant I plug it in I
can print it out I can text it to her
email tours you can download it on her
phone so they've been amazing we printed
out tons of photos for Jen's mom for my
mom and it's just it's been really fun
I'm gonna put a link in the description
of the top right there that you guys can
click on if you want to check out this
product or anything that I mentioned I
know there's like bundles and I think
you can get the camera and the connect
station together and then do exactly
what we're doing right now if you're
having a kid it's definitely a cool way
to go but yeah I'll put a link there if
you guys want to know more about what
I've talked about today just comment
below and I can go more in-depth than
taking photos printing them out photo
paper whatever you guys want you can
even do that as a separate standalone
video outside of a vlog cool newborn
stars are the best snores in the world
she just stopped snowing mom don't fill
me good afternoon everybody
Nova's down first nap PJs down for a nap
I'm gonna sit down even though I kind of
just thought about like 9 or 10 but
doesn't really feel like a solid night's
rest when we wake up and go back to
sleep you know like cuz you're like in
and out of deep sleep some little tired
still um Sam's pretty tired too but he
is working right now getting some stuff
done and yeah he he actually took Noah
to put a low this morning I think I
don't think he took the camera though
then
for me I think I'm going to take no
outside politic pja outside she's only
been outside like once or twice I'm
really excited because my sister comes
this week and so does my dad a lot of
you know Sam's going to playlist on
Thursday with the trixin crew and I'm
staying behind with the children
obviously because that would just be
alone insane to go all the way there but
those two babies so my sister planned
her trip to come visit while Sam was
gone and then my dad really wanted to
come visit and I was like we'll just
come when Sam's gone as well so we can
all just hang out an extra help is would
be great with Noah have someone to play
with him and stuff my dad might know
would love to see my seeing my dad it
was so awesome having our moms here both
of our moms did so much for us and so
it'll be nice to have more family in
town so I'm really excited for them to
come my sister comes tomorrow on
Wednesday and my dad comes Thursday
that's kind of funny Sam leaves Thursday
night my dad comes in Thursday night to
Mike guys actually might see each other
at the airport come on come on look at
that cute little face well good things
guys I washed her hair last night and
it's Ordnung
getting greasy that's what happens when
I have to like hold their head so much
fragile and she already feels bigger
though like I look at her and like
you're already bigger like I look at her
head and stuff and it's like shaping
more you know getting bigger and I'm
like how did you come out of me that's
because he's not a figure she's in she's
out of newborn diapers no with out of
newborn diapers like after maybe a week
because he started peeing out of them
and I was like why did he keep peeing on
himself and everyone's like the diapers
are too small and they're like oh yeah
the ones are a little big but they've
been working in she hasn't looked out or
anything
hasn't pooped out or anything so that's
good it's just crazy that she's already
in size one
she started throwing up your two weeks
old
sweet little sleeping beauty close your
eyes okay hold on wait
no keep them closed is that why is that
there's an r2d2 that automatically she I
know I saw that I almost got him an
automatic one are you going what was too
open don't read the poems in oh whoa
taught today nice I think no sunscreen
no she has literally been awake since
Noah went down first nap at 12:30 and it
is now like almost 4:00 and she is still
awake I keep almost getting her to sleep
but she's been like I have to hold her
today to have her go to sleep like she
needs me to like be holding her what you
did you to me Ralph
yeah good job make sure you don't dump
it over okay Wow dad getting good
bubbles good ubachi you did it good job
letter biggest bone competition nerdy
Wow Wow
I'm well I'm impressed Wow you got a
double bubble on that one oh no no no
it's not to say that I double the double
bubble was bb8 yeah
oh yeah into second oh my name is
bubbles I think we need to throw some
water on that Sam Noah grey you did eat
yourself up bubbly - whoa whoa whoa we
back to play at a oh you excited we came
do your black eye let me see that look
at me look at your black eye man oh
goodness
uh-oh looks like we got a storage know
that oh there's a baby storage - let me
see your face
this is the face of the boys have a
really good day I've done such a bad so
messy
terrible job clogging our activities
today that's okay babe kind of hands-on
I don't know how you've logged with him
sometimes shoot him like running around
taller diamonds duh yeah like you're so
good at it and I feel ammo and I need to
practice at that cuz you just move and
ride this bike
well no it's harder when I started a
vlog when he's with tail cuz they both
just rely on that crazy yeah she wants a
tail twice a twice today what it's
pretty good I just my goal right now is
to give Jen and Penelope as much rest as
possible so I wake up with Noah and with
him and since I'm able to be here at
home it's pretty cool but then when you
take a nap I did most of my work
although this vlog well yesterday's vlog
I posted late actually I haven't edited
and posted it yet because I didn't know
what all day but I've been very grateful
it's been very helpful but I'm also got
that itch like oh my gosh I should be
doing something like I should be taking
Noah somewhere else I'm just so used to
taking our places well if you want your
tomorrow
I think I'll okay I can click here and
do something for your singing out and
then you can take him
maybe shaking the table I think it's oh
you know is trying to shop treat like
super sound at the dog cuz really that's
been the hardest thing is like her
eating schedule is so like up and down
still it's not like that's why it's hard
to like go places right now it's only
like sleep everything so off honestly is
having schedules MO and I'm so like
auntie first schedule well but we can't
rush it I can't like return to Russia
with no I know
no you just gotta go with the flow right
that's what I'm doing with her it's that
way I enjoy more but it's been it's hard
to because I wanted like do stuff with
no I feel bad that I haven't liked
Spence like like taking them places you
know but will be good with someone
attached to you it's kind of hard the
little one attached to me so well first
couple weeks you know this movie yes
you're better at being with her and I'm
better being with him but then we'll
messed up you know yeah and we'll do
more things together too they both grow
mm-hmm
that's when a good day and now Noah is
in the muddy water table that is it for
today tomorrow Rachel gets here and
Penelope also has her two-week
appointment so we're gonna see if she's
growing we both kind of feel like she's
grown so we'll see how much actually or
maybe she hasn't the first like week or
so babies often lose weight and then
they'll gain weight or lose weight a
mess resolved that's crazy if you guys
have more questions on how I take photos
or Jenna takes photos now we edit them
or anything that's specific let me know
in the comments and like I said I can
make like a dedicated video going
in-depth maybe on how we edit or
actually take the photo let me know hope
you guys had fun today we'll see you
guys tomorrow
peace love you
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood Black Hawks are
letting me down I honestly
rumi down three games to one we came
back from a deficit like this and one of
our Stanley Cup years I think was
against Detroit it was that two years
ago three years ago bizarre-looking it's
not looking too hot this year I just
didn't think this was our year it's like
we take we ever year and then we take a
year off have a year to gear off just
didn't feel right this year although
Patrick Kane was incredible I'll be here
every game but it doesn't sting as much
because we've had three Stanley Cups and
like the past five year so I'm just like
I feel spoiled you know
