good morning sue world we are watching
the Boston Marathon this morning on TV
which is actually quite incredible these
people literally sprint like how fast I
puppy sprint that's what they do like
the entire race
it seems no are you running like the
people on the Boston Marathon let's see
let's see do you run yep they're running
you keep trying around the road like
that not that bad
that's amazing it is incredible to see
these people work oh here he comes he's
running he's running here already
outside starting the day right little
scooter ride so funny today is salmon
eyes first official solo day parenting
to children his mom left this morning
early so today is our first day my
sister comes into town on Wednesday and
my dad comes into town Thursday evening
so yeah really fun to have more my
family out to visit you're someone
hungry oh just run away
for the past oh you I will see how it
goes so far so good
I mean Tim crap Noah well I did feedings
for PJ but we're both pretty tired I
mean I just want like Sam we're really
tired the rest of our lives
I'm mostly just grateful that it's a
nice day and I'm really grateful that
Sam can be home with me because it's
still like you moms and dads who do this
at home by yourselves every day until
you guys are rock stars
seriously for blessings this is finished
Jake analyze and please West that will
have a great day and be happy and
healthy it's our first day alone I am
with my babies
do you love baby sister Noah yes what
you want to do dear fect yeah and then
we'll take a nap okay she's just looking
at you ache mom I don't like him he
likes me a little too much I'm just not
ready for it
look who has made an appearance we take
the baby see if you wanted to come play
with know what today this little
princess finally let me put her down
with you she was not loving her arms
being swaddled anymore just like brother
oh thank you
well I said I was busted thank goodness
ago David came over but not anymore
someone take a bath she went from like
Sabathia Bastian Schweinsteiger to like
old lady or like or like fifty year old
man with a perm
the funny thing is when I turn the
faucet on she was arching her head back
like she would not suffer arching her
head like she loves her hair being
worldly yeah she was no way like I just
have mystic as I should be suing my mom
and the baby real quick
does she like do you like getting your
hair wash look at she likes it wants it
well it was really funny she was arching
before and then it comes right here cuz
I can get her face day hey baby oh
that's you anyway you just wanted like
yeah it was the cutest thing she was
wanting to she enjoyed it she was like
going cross-eyed like trying to look at
the water it was what if we had a little
saw one day should we have a little one
day we can have some milk and have a
little hair wash maybe a little foot
massage she have a little salon day for
you we can go outside for a couple
minutes you can get a couple a little
bit of vitamin D oh yeah that's warm
enough yeah I just let it air dry her
hair do yeah her scalp so red right now
that's just for me like rubbing rubbing
oh that's so nice I'm so glad you didn't
freak out like some even just like her
first bath she was just kind of like you
know like how this isn't comfortable so
and then I remember no like no it
quickly adapted to loving baths so he
hates my that's that's sure like no kid
but he loves like real baths remember we
William on that like sponge thing he
just kick his legs around like oh that's
a sweet it's almost like your curly hair
when it's wet
nice little towel dry it looks so light
when it's wet like you're I'm sure it's
cleaned it looks so light I know and
then it just gets greasy and dirty and
it's just kind of like dark and girls
still cute at first whenever angel baby
people happened is very dry okay if it's
like 9 o'clock at night or something and
Sam is editing the vlog and I decided
that I'm gonna go get us some chocolate
oh it's terrible
I don't even know I don't really like
choco tacos but all these tweets about
choco tacos today and I'm like I want a
choco taco came for try go tacos left
with choco tacos and cookie sandwiches
whoopsie technically I'm not supposed to
start working out you know for four more
weeks so I'm rendering ice cream well
again because in four more weeks I'm not
competing with ice cream I come with
choco tacos and cookie sandwiches
we're tired today
yeah you look at your bed I did not get
my fish today so I'm putting this clip
in the vlog I'm about to post right now
this is like her and me talking to you
guys like sometimes our blogs are
unorthodox and different and messed up
and confusing and I'm sorry but that's I
wanted to say though so many of you guys
are buying choco tacos I need to get
stock in checker tuckus serious look at
every keep streaming pictures I also
didn't realize there's peanuts on the
top
I swear every single choco taco I've had
lately there's no peanuts I haven't seen
any peanuts they're supposed to be
peanuts on it are you serious
for those rice krispies cheese they
almost look like Rice Krispies are
they're Rice Krispies
some people say something say sir when
our favorite with incredib and peanuts
that's peanuts it didn't taste like
peanuts
it's scary I can't decide choco taco the
year we've had to buy an ice cream guys
we swear we used to buy this much ice
cream I mean there's our sweets right
yeah
but ice cream bars and stuff I never buy
people say they've been on a roll so
apparently there is a chocolate
chocolate echo that exists it's
available our Albertsons but we have
Albertsons here no we don't have Elvis
you have a chocolate chocolate aku tweet
me a picture because I want to see it
just sounds amazing
Jen you're making me fat I need you a
run donate the paper I think I'm gonna
have I really want to choco taco pie
thing I'm gonna have cookie sandwich
sounds so good I can't work out for four
weeks so breast feeding is Brent dollars
breast feeding and it makes me tired no
I mean like three hours sleep right now
that's terrible you need to get more
sleep in your bed tonight I was up all
night making sure my taxes right I get
so like about that like it has to be
perfect
yeah the whole weekend um enactus I've
been I basically finished it a couple
days ago and then I was like well you
know I just want to keep going over and
over it then I went to submit like an
hour before it was all weird anyways
good times so they bring of it ice cream
ramen what did you say I got him in my
god we got the taxes in look what he
birdies Jen's like I'm welcome well I
don't but everyone's with hosteen choco
tacos everywhere online today it's like
missed all day literally all I've wanted
to eat today is a choco taco means like
to chronic
never taco taco day happen referee gets
free chocolate on goes I've been saying
choco taco revolution I'm not sure
though I knew Esther okay Batman voice
this jacket tends to you
it dried really fluffy and beautiful and
silky smooth yeah might she's the cutest
thing ever
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I recorded
