adding something at the beginning of
this vlog really quick because Jen
wanted me to
you guys remember Jen's good friend
Raquel that was here when we moved let's
see we're gonna post a link to this
website she's trying out for the
Minnesota Vikings and you can vote for
your favorite cheerleader or something I
don't really know how it all works but
she is number 48 so there she is Raquel
if you go and click vote now and then go
down to 48 right there just click that
and then submit and you're good to go
I'll post a direct link at the top of
the vlog Jen would love to like make her
day by having a million people vote for
and then it would help her get farther
in the process so let's go do it and
make someone's day what am I saying
day this would make her life she's been
trying out for like the cheerleading
teams for a while I know she tried out
for the Chargers for a while and now
she's in Minnesota so this would be
awesome oh my my baby oh baby baby like
it's a little small now we eat in today
we got the avocado and the red onion and
I'm gonna add some lime and some
cilantro I'm making sure pull a
guacamole Wacka more there right nowa
how's your drink how's your water no no
no no don't keep it
Jim Cornelison we even today oh I
thought she was eating ah
join us to watch the game are you just
perched up and you Oliver no keep your
head up
oh let sweet little thing I will let you
lay back down there is it's taken to the
outside two hours later it's good that
we have our children to pick us back up
oh we got Batman and Robin you're going
to save know if I'm Grammy
I got Batman and Robin go to save dough
from crabby let's go dude come on let's
go hi dad I'm gonna say hi to to rip
right now and right now oh wow yeah
dad what do you think what do you what
do you think of the baby do you miss
foxy looks like you seein Rick had
some explaining to do
Jenny loves chili cheese so I'm making
some chili cheese right now I gotta get
that gotta keep that breast milk flowing
gotta keep it flowing ah coos oh oh oh
you got some bedhead got some crazy hair
there's a lot of light coming in right
now I feel like the focus is weird
no what do you think of sisters hair do
you tell mommy how we went to the park
do you play soccer did Superman and
Batman come save you actually thank you
mean there's like a birthday party and
there's Superman and Batman there and
they all started to attack me like punch
me as hard as they could
yeah yeah I didn't know the camera I was
like in the stroller and then Alice and
the parents were like no no you don't
actually hit the Joker my mom looked at
me she's like hey I do the Joker they're
actually hitting me it's yeah kids like
knows I'm talking like five six seven
years old really strange to know and
Harry just picked playing me and then my
mom said and then we played soccer and
then he ran into a tree and Superman and
Batman yeah yeah have you guys settled
things
oh it's nothing just settle we just love
each other and Missy sorry yeah dead
have you been going to bed late or
sticker going to bed early
that's good okay well we miss you
tonight for bedtime we're gonna play
name that tune now we have to do is I'm
going to play the tuner on my trumpet
then you have to name the tune okay
ready ready you tell me what it is okay
okay what whose song is that dog
you mean it's droid song can you conduct
like the kid on TV we're watching little
big shots all night oh and I saw nose
pick asked and how tall do you think no
be when he grows up and she said 6 3 or
6 4 do we need get using new Jamie's
but what's your first dance can be like
get the wedding dress Wow we're gonna
put on a show because knowing Sam and
his father used me quite the dancer
whatever oh my violin hair is still
there I've wondered when Noah will make
the connection that blue dog is blue dog
because blue dog is literally blew right
and adopt what colors any what color is
blue dog what color can you tell me what
color is blue dog oh maybe some new
James Dora what color is he
he's already made the connection mom
I've been calling you Grammy but I
should have been calling you foxy it's
cuz no one time my grandma grandma
grandma but it's really foxy foxy foxy
so I just want to comment someone said I
love Grammy she's sassy well I'm about
to have my 6th choco taco of the year my
mom said that she would try a Kentucky
fight oh you only had a bite we just
took a picture together cuz I really
actually haven't taken that judge choco
taco someone also just tweeted me and
said they just went and got choco tacos
because they saw the vlog okay I bought
a million at the swimming pool over the
years but oh okay well I'm gonna watch
buttons now who do you do you know who
makes them what company Klondike I know
it does taste like the very bottom of a
drumstick ice cream someone was confused
or like chicken I said no no it's good
so yeah cuz then you get a little fudge
I'll let you take come over more bites
then we get a break if you work at
Klondike or you make choco tacos this is
my idea for summer of 2016 but you can
use it for 2017 if you don't have time
it's a definite ice cream put chocolate
ice cream or chocolate choco taco
yeah I guess I love chocolate ice cream
more than vanilla ice cream yeah that
would just be the jack Jaakko is deco my
mom is leaving us though tomorrow she's
heading to be with my sister who had her
baby and we're gonna miss her
no really miss her cuz they've had a lot
of bonding and Storch running and
dancing and he has ran around this
morning there what would you do every
day we do a running back and forth on
your mark get set go oh yeah you love
that or one day we circled we put a
Batman car on the floor we're just
revolutions around it did you have fun
while you're here hooters final thoughts
who does she look like know what I heard
you guys say that she has a dimple oh
yes it's really smiling really just like
yours like in mark towards your lip or
like nowhere cheek here beep I can't see
like right here oh I don't know we'll
see I thought I saw her with two dimples
yes I thought I saw two but it was like
smiling when it's not like yeah
her ears works at exactly like Sam's and
her nose is exactly like Jenna cos but
there's nothing else about her that
looks like England really do you think
she looks like the glass girls Jesus
Lanie which is Sam's yeah at first but
now she just looks like well up to face
time though when you're in Texas we want
to see the baby yes I wish you can see
my sister's baby she is super cute super
cute but I want her permission first
before sharing any photos or video
you're gonna wake up my baby Sam
every time they look back at the screen
they just about go on round five of
laughing once you look back at the
screen oh don't we just look alike
darling I almost like he's like my body
in here I could be maybe a
oh look I feel like it's a volume in my
memory you home
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood one rock and roll
you
