happy Saturday do you have a sandwich
enjoying baseball John sandwich we're
just enjoying some from lunch and some
baseball on this fine Saturday know when
the Jimmy John's got here right around
the house yelling Lunch Bunch
is it good
Oh are you standing up because dad's not
sitting down oh let's clean up back
anyway we're gonna have a fun day it's
kind of sad that's very Saturday though
foxy leaves on Monday look dad Oh dad
standing with you now you'll stand right
here with you it's finally sunny maybe
if it's warm out we can go to the park
later Oh Noah don't know the park after
your nap that'd be fun
all right you're right I want to show
Graeme how to ride your bike we should
take the go to a park and fly the drone
that sound good yeah okay
Stuart why hello there miss Penelope
James that's what uh PIPA
calls Penelope she says hello miss
Penelope James hello miss James how are
you today she just did a big poo on me
oh she's feeling much better now cute as
ever we just talked about how we dress
sons Howard Joss sons two different ways
like corner of the paper yeah like this
and then you have like all the different
lines and I would do like different
colors okay or you do this son oh let's
see I'm trying to do this thing okay so
with sunglasses we were just talking
about this because I always drew my
son's with sunglasses as well
and here's the blue blue he's got blue
and grab blue I'm so proud of him wow
what color something we were just
outside up a part of blue so windy so we
couldn't really so much but thank you it
was so so cold it looks so nice out but
it is freezing wind that's something
like walk around with some baseball gear
no I just wants to walk around holding
his bat and have dad holding his bat
this way he's so cute okay so that it
lasts too long
I'm so happy draw a picture of mom okay
I'll do the face and then you do the
rest okay right there oh okay what am i
her hair dryer here get her hair up here
hey over here - Wow oh my goodness that
looks just like can you get her eyes dry
her eyes her eyes amazing
Wow I look like I look like the Mona
Lisa that's crazy - I think he's
right-handed for sure but he picked up
the Mike over those left and he was
using like both tickly yeah he was
trying to use his left hand but he
couldn't like do it and so he does it's
cool you switched hands can you do a
spiral like this remember we're doing
spirals like this by rows oh yeah oh and
here's another old school car thing oh
yeah
on everything Oh yep every page that my
number I turned it into an ass okay good
well no no no no no see what you do for
yours I'm doing this backwards so it
might be off did I do that right uh-huh
and then hey thank you see oh
I basically do the same thing no an S
and then I would do my miss miss yeah
now you're just like a continuous like
thing mine is the exact same are they
not exactly look at mine the lines go oh
yes oh I see I see okay so my reduce
mine's kind of still in us just with two
extra lines for one extra line oh thank
you for putting that in a new color
they're going to do a challenge okay
okay we're each gonna give each other a
word it can be up to six letters and you
have to write it backwards Jen excited
the H backwards that time okay so you
think of a word I'll give you your first
word right now okay let's see six
letters race car okay wait do you want
to do it too ok you doing Wow very good
know what cops are okay right okay
no what color stays no word give me red
thank you
okay the word is oh he hands you red Wow
you nose purple red blue you know green
wears green can you grab me green give
me the green one good well that color
book is working that color book is
working okay your word is orange you
want the orange marker no sure hard to
read
well that was easy hey can I do all caps
no really I'm fine
nope
let's see you said n is the same either
way
well capital yep orange oh well I could
do capitals easy
yeah but like to do do lowercase yeah
your word is Storch okay great Storch oh
wow you almost a swirl right there Oh
what is it oh good you drop flowers
beautiful ice don't disturb the artists
that work no what are those these know
in these yeah balloon what's this though
right here uh uh yeah it's pretty Oh
what is it what is it yeah flower can
you hand me Noah can you hand me one
marker just one thank you
me two markers
we're closed let me just change all of
the markers because he among three
markers one one one at a time three
that's it that's all
choco taco I've been trying to convince
gender you know choco taco because I
love choco tacos I've had four this year
or five I think I had my fifth today
what do you think it's pretty good I
mean what nothing crazy
well that's why I describe it is you
know in a drumstick that last bite that
you have that has like the secret
chocolate at the bottom plus you get ice
cream plus you get the cone and it's
just the perfect amount that is what a
choco taco is with a little bit of fudge
it gets a little better each bite you
don't like it oh yeah mom would you like
a choco taco Penelope
no he's excited she's gonna have one in
a while yeah she was after your mom yes
I could talk yeah yeah as soon as he's a
choco taco she's like yeah went from
this to this every night at midnight
every night at midnight every night at
midnight she's gonna sleep like a bob
what the heck you know you're like a
floating head - hey so still going to
bed earlier which is cool I was up super
late last night it's like 5:00 a.m. you
know taxes are a lot easier when you're
in college you just work in an hourly
job but now I'm just like trying to make
sure I have everything perfect and done
cuz it's doing Monday so I want to have
it turned in a day before we're just
still cutting it close
sounds looked like fatty I'm working on
that last night yeah crazy really next
year I maybe should ask for help but not
do everything myself
it's been fun though I like learning
about it so I'm glad you don't where to
start with taxes well it's not really
that fun actually to be honest but today
was not better he was so much better
today the past two days have been a lot
better actually
mmm-hmm no it's good the only thing that
he did as I came running upstairs to go
the bathroom and Noah followed him and I
just assumed he was just like in the
bathroom Sam and I make sweeping down
stairs and like it's really quiet up
there so I come upstairs like running
like I know no it's up to no good and
he's laying in this bed she's not in it
just lounging just lounging like it's
his will space eating my chapstick
he wasn't like literally like it's like
he's a puppy
it wasn't literally like eating it but
he was like digging his fingers and it
ya thinks I'm like words like a sour
green apple yeah we didn't really see it
in his mouth but it was gone it wasn't
like on a shirt or his hands so I'm like
did you eat the chapstick music like
smacking his mouth I'm like did you
seriously eat it you think yeah I wish
the K read that up here cuz out of it so
like hey no obviously we don't want to
be the chapstick I just I wish I had
seen this and I was I couldn't be mad it
was just so funny I was just legend I
was just laughing because he decided to
just come sit in her bed and eat
chapstick he's obsessed with eating
apples too
yeah I got him a little apple juice
today on one of our outings and there's
an apple in the bottle and he just like
yeah there's an apple in it like drawing
number one oh just like dad everybody
ate apples tonight he ate a whole one he
eats like the stem somehow disappears
and then the super like I don't think
it's a seed but no he gets all the way
to the whole entire thing it takes like
three hours
no he cuddled for like an hour and a
half he was he set against my chest and
here take a bite and then he hold it up
to me and he's like you take a bite so
I'd like to take fake bites where just
like right bite bite bite yeah and then
he offered you can cook with me and
offered me bite him like no that's okay
you eat it - Oh slobbery yeah they're
just one of those days
I was like two two days he's just kind
of like out of it you know so we're
making sure he feels normal again it's
tough it's tough for us you know as
adults change is so hard I love change
cuz I think change makes me a better
person like it makes me grow you know
that's a better way to say it change
makes me grow and so with kids it's a
little different because it's confusing
you're like what wait what change I
don't understand why you know so he's
doing a lot better
we're feeling good gentle tune great
breastfeeding everything it's going so
well for the first two weeks George
Clooney Jeff very painful she's doing so
good she's asleep and tomorrow we are
going to take our first family photo
together and I literally mean first
family photo we're gonna set up a get my
mom the camera set up the shot and never
take a photo of our family because we
have zero pictures of me and you and PJ
first secondly we have zero pictures of
me you PJ no I think like we don't have
any so we'll see how it goes yeah go
good all right guys that's it for today
I feel like we haven't been filming with
PJ at lunch I don't know she just sleeps
but uh well foam with her more tomorrow
she's so cute you love her so much
and Noah still holds there every single
day and it's like the same thing over
and over except today he was a little
bit he's a little more daring like
touching your face when I go okay but
it's good he loves her and that's all
that matters we left him see us tomorrow
love yous to you peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood yeah yeah that's
right we're just trying to get the gas
out yeah just it doesn't bounces my
house he's a good dad oh don't you
thank you for kissing she's fine
smacking yeah daddy
