I think today was our hardest day so far
with baby Penelope and not because a
baby Penelope who's just that Noah was
having a hard day he hasn't really
seemed jealous or acted like in any way
bad towards Penelope or even towards us
really like he's not that he hasn't
shown like he's mad at us but he just
wasn't happy and I think it's mainly
because the weather it's really hard to
keep an active toddler inside and not
outside running around playing doing
what he normally does for two days
straight so we didn't vlog a ton it was
kind of sad I was just I felt bad for
him sometimes kids just getting them in
an area and they just can't get out of
it for the day and they're just sad and
you just got to cuddle them and give him
extra attention and love today is
Thursday April 14th we have a baby and
it is still snowing as warm the other
day and now it is snowing thanks for
bringing the cold-weather mom kind of
was it was cold where you are now it's
called here do you think how do you look
different today already can you sing a
song
we were here at Hobby Lobby and this mom
saw Lisa crocheting and wants to do a
project herself so we're here to pick
out yarn look I must and touching the
yarn it's so soft
Oh Phyllis off this stuff is really soft
so I'm also going to get you know some
project stuff cuz it is snowing and
nasty outside and it's really gross
weather yeah we're gonna get Noah
project to do today and tomorrow
hopefully hopefully it's sunny tomorrow
we'll see so we'll show you mom
selection when she picks out they'll be
exciting projects I was telling her that
whenever we're all with the Andersons
Willie's end up at the craft store
because someone's doing some project and
we all want to do a project as well as
we always I'm getting my mom this is all
cotton over here yeah it's called I love
this cotton this whole brand is cotton
it's color I got you some craft stuff I
got you a huge notepad to paint in and
to color in I got you paint and I got
you
markers a little a little smock to wear
while you paint I got two little stamp
markers we got lots of fun stuff here
and then something else we'll try later
let's keep in the back we had a good
girls Audi Noah what is this bad weather
you don't like the snow anymore do you
I think we're all ready for just
sunshine I've noticed he's much happier
on sunny days but we've broken out the
stamps he's enjoying those and the
regular markers
is their median house there is a pinke
in the house it's upstairs
oh let's see how our beautiful baby
girls doing but now it be oh oh who is
that are you asleep
Oh baby Penelope oh oh isn't she so cute
you know about reading that's cute babe
I'm moving over for photo op I came
downstairs and started nursing PJ and
just looked over at both of our moms and
just started laughing because they're
both crocheting together they're covered
in their blankets while crochet
stereotypical grandmothers right now
just crocheting together and it is just
so funny and I might add the baby crying
thirteen engrossed in their crochet mom
sure the one you're working on oh you
can't share the one day work again just
kidding see what she's keeping me warm
she made this one they stink
hers is thinking so bad it is the Oh
cute face I know but it's like hurting
my head even more like it's so stinky
it's not ready to come off I look yeah I
left your belly button sewn for like a
month really a month we think Noah's
stayed on for two weeks it's been a week
now the thing that I definitely remember
the smell it's very very potent potent
like starts like get into their clothes
and then it it's almost like it's like
we're like what is that smell we didn't
know what this is in vocals yeah that's
true there they go man you were instinct
closer
but hopefully in the next day or two
yeah the babies upstairs Wow
she is just can't get over everyday we
just stared her all day also thanks for
all you guys comments on yesterday's
vlog we brought up like Noah's speech
there were a couple comments in the
previous vlogs like previous day or two
just like saying like hey you guys
should maybe think about getting checked
out and stuff I honestly like value guys
opinions and so when I saw that I was
like to my mom I was like do you think
Noah's speech is funny like I've read
like three four or five comments about
it and she just said no my god I don't
know you're talking about like he's
actually really smart and then I was
think about all my other family members
and anyway is that that's the only
reason why I brought it up I did I hope
I didn't offend anyone that did leave
those comments who's that wasn't what I
was trying to do or be defensive but I
seriously value guy's opinion
so anyways good conversations and
yesterday's vlog comments it was cool
and made me feel better as a parent too
sometimes you're like we I'm not doing
everything I can for like his well-being
so we're good on to the next day
no I was actually feeling a lot better
but I decided that I just wanted to
dedicate all my attention to him today I
got my little things done but then it
was just me and hanging out also today
the vlog you're about to watch the clips
my sister had her baby it's pretty cool
just for the respect of her privacy I
didn't really post a picture or say what
her name is because I think that's for
her to decide and not me
especially in this large open forum that
is YouTube so we will see her soon and I
just want her to enjoy these moments
with her baby before I even get too
excited because we are very excited PJ
has a cousin that's only like a week
difference in age and they're gonna be
the best of friends no I can I see oh
wow
you superfast slippers are you playing
golf with your shoe baseball stance just
give her a kiss come on give her a kiss
yo me and my boy needs some TLC
you ready you excited should we go party
okay jo wants me to vlog him real quick
we didn't know Tay would actually be
here which is pretty funny be sure that
he is the only one here all right kick
it
Oh
okay my man can you catch it when it
goes through shoot it through oh there
goes oh all right catch it catch it
catch it catch it don't see I'm gonna
sign it through one more time this my
first time here usually Jen comes hey
goes there it goes there it goes it's
like a little Barrett catch it
hey we eatin good tonight
he looked at me I got the camera my mom
looked to me like I was like we know we
good tonight here we I say the prayer
that we got salmon and rolls and butter
and handmade mashed potatoes and corn
earlier today may be filled the Hostin
with but we didn't know oh that my
future's going to shell it a little bit
man Adam yeah we kind of say that you
just said don't put the little cream on
to say what
looks great what's gonna be good it kind
of turned out a little messy yeah the
pie looks a little that's almond
interesting but it's gonna taste it I
dare you to put the rest of your banana
cream pie in there too oh I don't know
if I could do that whoa
too far I mean tastes better than it
looks quite interesting strawberry pie
tonight oh she is so cute she's a solid
six pounds she looks bigger than six
pounds
okay and thus ends this funny vlog and
it was like two days combined together
it was just kind of like rough days and
not necessarily for Jen myself but for
know I just kind of felt bad for him I
just wanted to be there with them we're
trying to find little activities for him
and just make him feel comfortable at
the new baby it's it's a tough
transition like I said he hasn't shown
anything like he's never mad at baby
sister isn't anything like bad in that
regard we can just tell he was
struggling and I think maybe he was just
over stimulated with like so many
visitors visitors and things I'm not
sure anyways tomorrow we'll be back at
it normal ugh we'll see you guys then
love ya peace
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understand
