can I just say good morning my kids are
growing up this guy right here the best
little helper oh where are we taking
this upstairs oh my goodness got this
shirt in the mail
sanika vlogs from trending family Justin
more from April and Justin that's his
company and he sets up brand
integrations and things like that he did
our Warby Parker one
so anyways they just sent us a nice
Christmas package and I had shirts in it
kind of cool
someone had reminded me that we still
haven't done a house tour since we moved
in you guys have seen different rooms of
things but maybe we'll do a little
holiday house tour once we have
everything set up for our guests and
make that kind of fun hey stay up here I
guess what we are less than a week from
family and people coming to our house
again okay not today a couple days a
little bit like a week Germany days are
in a week
no seven no what about like five or six
days not today you'll probably hear this
a lot today because this is a common
thing everyone here is sick except for
me I had a I kind of got something
temperatures dropped to 60 degrees here
and everybody gets sick what'd you do
win what'd you do win pregnant sick kids
sick staying up all night I don't even
look that tired even though we
happy fall happy fall in December so we
did that little review of what we
thought of the fingerling monkey the
other day wanted to give one away this
one is blue I think the blue one's name
is Boris is that what I said Boris I
thought it'd be fun to just give it to
the top comment the one with the most
thumbs up from that video Katelyn D is
the winner top comment favorite toy fad
was Tamagotchi hands-down
I agree the Tamagotchi was amazing I had
a white one with the black buttons if
you could email us or tweet us we will
get this to you a long time viewer Alexa
gents eager the comment below it if we
had to fingerling Lucky's we would even
need a second one but hey here's one of
your videos Wow Taylor Swift reputation
album reaction 23,000 views that's
awesome about to mail out a bunch of
stuff and Kaitlyn already has responded
cuz I commented on her comment she said
just be willing to say I saw the comment
she said that she started watching the
channel while she was pregnant with her
son so that's actually really cool I'm
glad that you have a kid I was like this
would be like awkward kind of if you
didn't have a kid because it's not like
the coolest giveaway but since you have
a kid that's awesome yeah it really is
in other news I think we might do this
tonight I mean you guys put all this
stuff on it and I don't really want PJ
and no what you know that while they're
not feeling well and PJ has a little bit
more of a weak summit compared to Noah
like if she has a high fever I could see
her throwing up even if it is a stomach
bomb which never would happened with
Noah that kid knock on what man he's got
a stomach of Steel I'm so grateful
we're just couch potatoes today we just
can't hang I was like hey Google a wha
what's going to walk
no law so I don't know maybe we'll try
to go in one after dinner I just went to
the post office I had to park down the
street three blocks away there's
probably 50 people in there I was like
dang I should invest in a little scale
front I mail things out how do you need
help
sorry I hope yeah and if any of you guys
do that and have a skill that you
recommend let me know it was kind of
insane but it was fun to talk to be
blunt run wasn't a nice holiday spirit
except for actually the guy that helped
me was like the dices post office
employee I've ever met in my life
we had a great conversation since these
two are feeling sick no one had
requested some chick-fil-a Penelope's
eating some applesauce
she actually has the Menace and inside
of her applesauce which you guys I think
someone had suggest that and I know my
cousin had suggested that so now she's
taking it and there really hasn't been
much going on because we've just been
trying to get better which means we
haven't really posted a lot because
everyone's just not feeling good exactly
I think everyone's feeling better except
for Penelope's feeling a little bit
worse oh no no no we're that over are
you saying something about Christmas
jump on things yeah I go ahead a
trampoline yeah what else is he gonna do
he always gonna have a vacation after
Christmas huh nothing like some potty
humor never in my life did I think I'd
be walking around and joined the
outdoors during Christmas actually we
did that a year I was in California but
in the place that I live we I look at
Christmas lights today and through
nice out actually it was like a really
rainy cloudy day which was kind of nice
too because we've all been sick so we've
all been sitting sizes so it worked out
lightning thunder
yeah rain know what coughing in my face
all night so I'm sure to get it in
kicking
oh I got a straight like donkey kick to
the face it was really great I decide to
middle of the night switch beds you
should do it and I can't my kids sick I
have to be there because I feel no no I
just like as a mom like I just have to
I'm like worried all night like it was
breathing because at night his his
coffee it's way worse because he's
laying down well I'll be there for him
going to another bedroom it was helpful
because Noah sprawled out all over your
side he wasn't feeling well and I was
just trying I was just trying to make it
so we could all get a little bit more
sleep oh because I wasn't about to take
him back to his bed when he was fevering
and not feeling well yeah last night
luckily it wasn't a high-grade fever
like the night before I was more
low-grade but still a fever and he just
like talks in his sleep and can't like I
feel like he's not in a restful sleep
when he has fever so say your second
yeah your dreams are like crazy in other
news I am on my way to the fantasy
football championship and two of my
leagues
two of my three I could still go on all
three that I'm in but two I'm going how
do you feel about that are you proud of
me baby proud I hope we have a trophy on
our mantle I like last night before
dividend I was like can you imagine
being in all three championships and if
I won holding all three baby I'm not
gonna win any of them back I like this
hosta and actually okay I know I'm like
I know why how did they get the light
all the top of the tree he's like um
with a really big ladder it was like
good suction
you're smart I've seen this in two
different places it's pretty funny Santa
peeking out of the Porta Potty
I really doubt house I guess there would
be a better way to describe hi sir hello
don't care about some blow-ups have
replaced the plastic figurine
I think store dang why don't we come up
with that idea thanks for joining us
today got some soup I have one more
little project before Christmas I had
paid for Andrew to fly out and visit us
there are 50 dollar flights from
California his car broke down as like
that's amazing 50 bucks but he's
throwing up and he has the flu and we're
not gonna have him come here and spread
that around while everyone's out he's
sick
so luckily Elliot's gonna end up helping
me out he had some sick days of work and
I'm gonna compensate him for his health
he would he wouldn't take it though
because he's a friend but I will make
sure he gets compensated anyways that's
it for today don't catch the sickness
through the screen
eat your clementines ditch your rest
Christmas is around the corner let's go
I'm excited let's feel better
