hi good morning sunshine ah what's that
face you've been making you watching
dude perfect
ah hey he claps her kind of score boy I
know I said make a cat and he was like
oh I got it yeah I got it you guys are
twins I'll give you the little twinners
this weathers here in the blade oh yeah
probably dead ants in the play-doh dead
ants
Noah can you make a fish yeah good job
Wow I can actually kind of see if I
really think about how to say kind of a
dog from my point of view like there's a
little ear and a little nose and little
body in a collar know it can you Dennis
dancer yeah yeah what's next okay
oh yeah she made him tall Wow so
combined with the shells yeah identify
good Bulbasaur no like me out I like the
sexy curve ah yeah I could see that you
make baby sister
the ball looks so nice
she has been awake for almost three
hours I know once you get fed you'll go
night-night
oh hi baby yawn I actually put a bow in
her hair today
watch sugar on want baseball caps Oh
probably hmm
you wear your brother's hats cuz you
want to be just like oh snap
same what he wants to hide from his mom
is here don't wake up no one likes am in
the kitchen hi Grammy Jean ha ha ha my
hands are already antibac who do I hug
first uh sorry you remember now this
Rhonda gonna hug you thanks happy to see
you as I said I've already
antibac go ahead and take her that's a
well-trained ready huh that crazy feel
like are you carry sleeve she's been an
angel baby
here is your face on makeup so he says
that he always says face compares in
here Thanks ha ha ha
she doesn't even I mean you know
sometimes when they've been through
earth yeah remember oh I love her little
headband yeah but when I'm weird always
know that's the first time I put a
headband on her second time for this
special occasion like she's gotta look
extra cute today
thank you got a girl cute little
featured J this is from Jill she gave it
to me before she went to New Zealand
well that's off to blast Jamie and
Jeffrey yeah fighting it
wow that's soft
is this who's a sir that's for me you ha
ha look at that she'll be ready free
stubborn look at me once I see oh that
is so cute it's teeny oh and this is no
Jenna graduates tortoise shirt no here
to be or you tell me I'll bring up that
no I was wearing a Stewart shirt I'm
coming wow you are super thin ha ha ha
then we all should have been wearing
those and when he came home from the
when we came up in detail that's a dick
you know yeah over up and many colors
Ostrom I bet I liked that you messed
your lip stick to it too yes but I
couldn't I didn't wire I not get on the
flight I'm 60 years old yeah
you should only be the most popular
plane all right if we get away with that
you can no look who's here hi Noah
here we go me because are you sure
people get it these are making that face
lately hey there dummy oh that door
switch it's going to his little action
fingers fingers we get back Star Wars
yeah the stars did you find that orgy oh
man yeah I've got a sword oh my it's a
light flash Lee Oh George flashlight
okay why aren't you
look at that you want to take it out
oh all right Ellie Oh No okay
okay men in China just one burger I got
a bunch of rules and we're gonna have
these pies in a second which I'll show
you guys but the raspberry butter wait
what are we putting it Oh your baby
blankey I pulled it out cuz he's been so
curious about sisters so Noah's had
dinosaurs
that's a dinosaur's sister says flowers
no can I see what you're wearing
what's your jersey what's on it show me
you don't want to show me you're so
excited about it today you know you're
twins
we both have our Black Hawks jerseys
slash sweaters whatever you want to call
on today because the playoffs are back
we're both excited except this guy has
to go to bed before the games even on so
he's not gonna be able to watch it be
like a Saturday game or something also
people have been concerned about no
speech Jay in the comments people keep
people keep commenting they're worried
about Noah I think a lot of you forget
because Noah looks so big and old he's
only one and a half well no he's only
these two months from - okay he's almost
- but kids really don't start talking a
lot for a lot of kids I don't start
really talking until after their - yeah
it all berries every child is different
yeah be just fine his ears
fine I appreciate the concern but we're
not worried yet at this point yeah a lot
of people have been trying to come up
with like solutions it's like well guys
and we go so Phil he's only two oh and
by the time you're two I read that you
shouldn't know 25 words well start
counting how many words he knows but
throughout the day he's pretty good with
certain words and he and then when you
try and fill him he's like right that's
how I say that we don't film our entire
day and he is talking me most of the day
like I wish we could share more what he
was saying but he really does try a lot
more you like books or painting book
words more he's just been slow like a
tiny Explorer on that but not really oh
yeah for sure he's that big shown
interest if he had shown no interest and
wasn't learning anything then I'd be
worried right to repeat things now see
Willie Rena Marie can you say camp can
you say camera so we're not worried yet
but we're not gonna be cuz we're not
worried yet well we're not gonna be like
what type either that like if he's not
doing well by the time he's 2 and
something we're not she like oh nothing
drivin he's our child you know it if we
have to get him help we'll get him
helpful like he's not even 2 years old
now so I'm not I've been around a bunch
of my nieces and nephews and I'm not
worried at all yeah I think he's pretty
smart what are you just being silly hard
I'm also trying to make him like a lot
of times he does he's able to
communicate with us because we know what
he wants with his gibberish sometimes so
lately I've kind of it like dude use
your words I don't know what you're
saying right trying to like kind of get
him not to be so lazy with that kind of
stuff but uh I think we'll be okay
Thanks fine right he's very active uh-oh
you ready for bed yeah hey that's hockey
baby this is uh maybe our favorite pie I
think I could say this is my favorite
pie yeah oh definitely cool Jen's is
like that raspberry but she's she's
coming over
yeah it's your favorite
so we're celebrating a Cubs victory and
still watching the Blackhawks it's yours
here you know oh yeah I mean yeah we're
celebrating uh the baby have a nice mana
cream later yeah be a banana cream shake
when she's awake she's gonna wake a lot
today she just has the hardest time
keeping your eyes awake they're open
she'll just stare at you
who is that pretty lady that Mommy what
are you looking at inglis staring that
oh I'm sorry I'm sorry I do
they look kind of gray today grayish
blue still a lot of people have also
been debating like well I don't think
her eyes are gonna stay blue because
your eye color can change a lot
technically all eyes are brown but they
have less of a certain chemical it's
like melanin nan what color do you think
Penelope's eyes Wanda absolutely
positively they will be blue really yeah
you're positive see I can already see
people typing in the comment saying my
eyes were like that as a baby but a lot
of you have been like it so honey
everyone keeps asking why it's like
weird where'd you get her light hair and
her light eyes guys duh I was borned
until I was like 12 and I have the lies
yeah yeah five like gray greyish blue
and Jenna cos mother has blue eyes every
great brother there you go so that
that's where they came from
we will see anyways this what the pie
looks like except as a bad very banana
creamy I'm not like a big crust person
but I love the crust on this pack Jen do
you want it should we get a better piece
for Jen is this a good
it was the first one we also have this
strawberry pilot we're going to make
tomorrow policies' love the raspberry
butter I always liked it on your vlog
when you say we eat good tonight oh wait
we eat good tonight
here comes Kobe Bryant in his last game
ever there he is right there
grimace - oh not listen good night I was
seemed wow that was a big smile oh no
girl I've noticed when she is having a
wake time she is a comfort nurse er she
just wants to nurse for comfort or when
she's had enough wait time when she
wants to go to sleep but she's not
hungry she wants to nurse and I'm like I
ain't about that life but we've done it
a few times oh my god just take your
pass e but she is so sweet
see your honor I just fed her and she's
acting like she's hungry you're not
hungry you're just tired huh we're going
tonight good night everybody
oh oh oh I'm awake I'm awake now
that's caps an interesting day it was a
fun day a lot of fun memories made today
it's good having the moms in town we're
eating good having pie
we've three moms in this house it's
funny we always have a lot of visitors
because everyone always wants to upload
their vlogs and we have better internet
than they do
but at least they're coming in now Jen
and not just sitting in the driveway
right oh yes everyone shows up at
dinnertime now I kind of gave Tyler a
heads up about tonight big sports day my
Blackhawks they lost cubbies look great
I have more confidence in the Cubs
winning the World Series this year then
I do the Black Hawks winning the Stanley
Cup I feel kind of spoiled as a Black
Hawks fan I don't know I still I'm going
to root until their last game and I hope
they can pull up the series Jen is just
feeding Penelope and getting her ready
for bed and we're
going to go to sleep John's brother
Chuck peatones hand today he's really
excited about that it's counting down
the days until she can work out what is
that how many how long is that five
weeks five more weeks you have to take a
six-week break John is an all-star
though she is the coolest most beautiful
hard-working wonderful mom that I know
it's true click it guys like really blue
when I put light on him my eyes though
I'm saying like with this light it looks
crazy and yes I do need a shave fun day
will see us tomorrow peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood why Oh baby history
Kobe's last game Oh live there we go
history in the making right now Kobe
Bryant's last game
can he put them on his back one more
time yes oh my oh yeah this is pretty
cool pretty cool for him to go out this
way pretty amazing
there it is people a legend goes out
best ever since Jordan that's Ali it's
crazy I'm like sweating like I've
chilled watch this trick rap it's
amazing oh it's crazy believe that this
air is over
this is absolutely crazy all I can do
here is just thank you guys thank you
guys for all the years of support thank
you guys for all the motivation thank
you for the inspiration from Avesta you
hold it down the family the way that you
have I can't there's no way I can thank
you enough for that so yeah from bottom
of my heart thank you and
what can I say not mouth
that was pretty cool
