wait what time is it it's dead no no no
no no everything that midnight every
night have been night every night at
11:00 every night at 11:00 she's awake
okay wasn't she kind of asleep before
you picked I don't know she's waking up
oh I guess she's like wow my eyes I can
finally see and dang it I'm stuck with
you guys Shh Oh mom you're beautiful but
dad
dad okay but so cute she might actually
have like great blue eyes I can't oh and
that's why I'm good I've been telling
Sam this forever wait how far can baby
see you in their neighborhood like not
at all okay yeah really you're like
everything go with that creepy I love
you sweetie huh I don't oh yeah like all
the stars in Russia something all the
sand the entire world hi baby girl
you mean more to me then
Home Depot means to mr. lo Jurado
they're more than Thank You Simon also
sorry I'm putting this the beginnings of
luck I'm gonna try compile a bunch of
clips of days right now to kind of catch
us up because we were a couple days
behind in the vlogs
so here's a bunch of those clips also
some of the footage that was shot at the
hospital when Noah met Penelope for the
first time was from our good friend
tribe Tyler who you've seen the vlogs
he's about to hit 100,000 subscribers
today with your help he said on his vlog
this I feel like we're gonna hit a
hundred thousand subscribers in the next
few days and I'm crazy to think about I
wanted
last night it was like at 99,000 and now
it's already at a ninety nine point
three and a half it's crazy
absolutely nuts he thinks it will take a
couple days maybe a week uh-huh let's do
it today
Thank You truck driver for helping us so
much with different clips in our videos
go subscribe right now there's a link to
his vlog right there go click it you'll
see plenty of us in his vlogs he always
gets really cool cinematic shots it's
like a different view of our vlog I feel
like yeah did you feel it oh yeah and I
kind of liked it more sometimes because
it's like more of a natural view
sometimes you will not be disappointed
so go support our good friend Chad
Taylor let's get him 200,000 come on his
vlog and say what up from us okay do it
he's gonna let's do it subscribe to try
it either
yeah he's the only guide tricks with
that do you want to make someone's day
actually make their like week month
let's go make Tyler's year yeah yeah
she's been enjoying staying awake during
this time of night just for like an hour
and then she'll sleep the rest of the
night she's an angel baby
so she I think honestly she makes me
calm you're scary eyes right honestly I
think her being so calm has like made me
calm and like I don't know I just said
I'm so grateful she's been such a good
baby she's like an angel anytime I no
one's asking me how she isn't like she's
an angel baby staring at angels directed
at him - here we are I don't know our
newborn son Joe stared at you it worked
look it worked I kissed your hands as
you head to sleep
season that would you like crazy okay
hey guys we are headed to Penelope's
first pediatrician appointment is this
normal life on this soon yeah it's
always two days later because you said
someone Chris you gotta see my job
oh well they just they trick for
jaundice in the hospital and he said
like oh you could probably wait a little
while for the two day things but then
he's like since we were just a little
bit on the charts or jaundice he doesn't
want us to come in just to get
everything checked out and there's
usually a two day appointment anyway so
that's where we are and we'll keep you
guys updated on how she's doing
I'm in the back with her I'm in between
two car seats now isn't that weird okay
or two crises now so here we go
hopefully she's happy she's pretty awake
right now so this will probably
traumatize her into a nap a little
bastian schweinsteiger Schweinsteiger
done she's lost some weight which is
totally normal
how many answers did she was ce-5 jibba
Deborah what was she she was eight
twelve she's lost seven ounces which is
normal but she's current an inch or the
initial measurement was off 21 and a
half inches
no oh my goodness you're such a good
little patient she's asleep
Wow yeah do you see the flowers should
we count them oh let's count the flowers
in her blanket one two three four
five six oh gosh okay that's good that's
good that's good
okay oh yeah the couch help you girl
you're such a good helper Noah
oh are you gonna cuddle up and hit one
of your blankets yeah see you lay down
like a baby sweet little baby no one my
little baby some come here my little
baby little baby rock that little baby
big baby
I just can't handle it thank you boo all
right got some gifts these are some
flowers from my aunt Margot she watches
the vlogs I just saw her comment on the
birth
so Margot they're beautiful these are
like Genesis emergence fair flowers love
two very beautiful covers nice vase to
put them in I'm all stocked up I got my
shipment of crock-pot food that I'm
gonna put in the freezer
happy to be there cute
Hey look sitting here oh there's that
she's so cut my abs falling itself look
at all three of you guys are cuddling so
knocked out it's so crazy same your head
is like happy yes I think these two have
been playing zombie army men for the
past over half an hour it's hilarious
that's really weird changing those
diapers after changing these tiny little
diapers and og Maeda is a good dinner ha
Noah and then clean the whole kitchen is
very majestic over there I mean look at
these cute guys I mean Ryan girl she's
been away asleep a little bit more this
evening then yesterday she had a good
wake time one day I was over some kind
of I think this might be a week a little
bit more but every day I just prepare
for the worst hope for the best
ah
he was laughing hysterically because he
put his dinosaur it up there I feel like
he's like preparing to make a diorama oh
yeah we gonna school yeah he's ready to
get a shoebox no I had given baby sister
his torch and an airplane and lots of
kisses today so far no hits and I keep
waiting for her to like cry every night
which is not crying
she's just wakes up to eat and goes back
to sleep and I'm like in disbelief still
it's wonderful though
oh so look how beautiful these flowers
are you sent them to me it's so sweet I
mean Penelope no one Sam got me I think
my table was just a garden and I loved
it I know what God do you like her but
what is it what's it called flowers
every day guys so who's been so great
he's been so nice for her blinky you
used to have a blankie with dinosaurs on
it maybe I should find it for you
I probably like it now huh your sock oh
did she yes she has
she doesn't have socks on today he
gentle okay gentle yeah oh oh oh yeah
gentle gentle rocks huh okay not too
fast not too fast
they're heretical you
so remember what you learned today like
this with your finger what I mean this
today huh that's good
her hair tickle says no need loves it
typical you again oh you're such a good
big brother not too hard not too hard
I'd be gentle okay bub you you like
holding sister huh you're such a good
big brother oh I think sisters getting a
little hungry though huh
he's a PJ good you're getting better at
that uh-huh thank you for a kiss good
it's so nice of you
every day after nap he wants to hold her
it's really sweet I can't with you
choosing to watch softball too it's kind
of hilarious you good big brother
yeah you are huh flowers on your outfit
huh Oh pickle does their hair tickle
your nose spring in summer is happening
Sam just filled this up and it's filled
with dirt what happens if that toddler
right celebration it's going on Jenna my
first French kiss role with without
taking the fish on and there's salmon
we're celebrating being home with salmon
Saturday night chilling feeling good
know you got a little chicken teriyaki
bowl no do you want that one you Sean
like that tonight here's Ben oh you got
to chew it up first bye
and look like crazy air good how does it
feel to be back mine this is one of my
favorite rules has like salmon on it
it's kind of spicy and then I also love
the French kiss and
hey no what good morning yeah oh there
it goes
show me play Noah what's the time they
shoot the little army guys you want
these are zombies zombies these are the
army guys oh did you get him yeah I also
forgot to show this really cute box
Carly sent me so many cute little baby
things this past week look at these
beautiful blankets and she sent this
cute little outfit look at how sweet
that is this one I can't get over look
at these colors
I got cute cute little onesie with a hat
but I already took the hat off because
I've had BJ where yesterday part of me
Oh any socks look how cute these little
booties are they're so cute it's so
thoughtful and so sweet of Carly thanks
Carly I love this stuff it's so nice
he's soft
everything is so soft yeah good awaked I
might you miss double chin that kids
ready to play some baseball
come show me oh if I were taking that
outside that kid needs to get some
aggression out and go play baseball with
dad
yeah are they doing outside yeah
oh gosh that boy oh that will change
double chin can double chin can what is
this thing mom what's in that my face
show me how you hit oh you hit the whole
thing are you making dad pick it up for
you
sometimes he hits it a little better
than others yeah okay okay you're forget
your baseball stance so mom come on Oh
golly that swing if I was at the bat I
mean the ball another teen it's quite
the swing you've got there sir
the way even let's go the back it's like
your total batter stance there's dance
oh wait wait wait wing look good even
single leg leg wait till daddy walks out
the way stay there for five second okay
goodness he could hit off tails pretty
good ready close look at the ball good
ball swing close that was good
ready no ready oh wow Tyler's so nice
and got you a present open it up with
pink paper get it out what's in there
you have to open it you have to open it
open what's in there open it rip it open
no way
it's a stork you know oh this torches he
got you Stuart's movie yeah no way I
almost bought that
the stars that look dude you got you
storage Wow
give Tyler hug thank you oh oh that's so
nice of him wait not you not first order
Star Wars like this ready go
then do you Peter thumbs up we watched a
couple scenes in Star Wars but then
turned it off because it's pretty much
not appropriate for a toddler we're
gonna laugh you were like Tyler
you gave a toddler a pg-13 movie we
can't like watch this with if it's too
scary but we showed him some of the
storages and he was pretty obsessed now
you guys are caught up this is pretty
much caught up to present day I put a
bunch of different clips from the
various days in this vlog we have a lot
of families still coming to town it is
crazy to see how much Penelope changes
every single day sometimes she looks
like me sometimes she looks like Jenica
who do you guys think she looks like so
far post in the comments today we'll
talk about it there sometimes I think
she looks like me but then I'm like wait
she definitely looks like Jenica and her
hair is also changing colors sometimes
it's like blonde and it's dark and
there's like blonde roots but then
there's not never like what's her eye
color it's just too soon to tell I guess
but it's fun to compare and I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog make sure you
check out Tyler's Channel
let's get them to a hundred thousand
subscribers that would be really cool
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you fat understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood are you enjoying
your dinner how's your dinner tell you
show me how you
