you know baby sister got you a gift do
you want to see what she got you yeah
she got you a gift
when I'm beyond that people my child's
leaving well I'm gonna get some
breakfast slash lunch for Jen she's been
really digging these smoothie bowls
lately listen to the first line aside
yes me
now she looks just like her
oh man yesterday we had a baby guys we
had a baby
oh we have two kids we're family for so
when you have a baby what does the dad
do it's like really hands-on for the mom
especially after the baby's born um if
you're breastfeeding you have to
breastfeed your child and that can
happen
I mean sometimes with nose like every
hour and a half with gonna be so far I
think it's been ever like three hours
ish but it's like something I can't
really do because I don't have breast
milk
I love the bonding that Penelope and Jen
have by this but my job as dad is just
to help out and make sure it's just a
smooth running show right so I can sure
know is good he's with the guys right
now having fun Julie's there too and
then Jen is still hungry this is great
Jen has an appetite I got a dislike
Jamba Juice bowl like a energy Bowl it
has a meal and fruit and smoothie stuff
so I'm gonna go bring this to her
because it's important that Jen is fed
and that she's recovering well you know
she just had a baby we had a baby I'm
going to hold her but this is like the
summarizes mom's right here it's like a
juggling act
sounds like eating this beauty Bowl
while holding her newborn oh yeah your
eyes open what's up pretty girl know how
to feel right now
what's up it's not a wake time for like
over an hour yeah since you've been gone
just eight are you still hungry we've
been trying to see like kind of what
shader eyes are although like the colors
not gonna show yet um with Noah his eyes
were definitely like really dark and her
seemed lighter already
which is kind of interesting lighter
skin lighter hair she's a little dainty
err oh you bless you you've been alive
for like 23 hours but in our hearts nine
months your knuckle chin is just so
great yeah you having a good day yeah Oh
bless you oh yeah
please oh all right I just put the car
seat base in didn't have it in actually
just in the car now it's all strapped in
I think we're about to go home just
crazy and excited there's Jen I'd say
she's ready to get out he ready to go
home both of you and I'll be you ready
to go home
oh yeah I'm reaching the great I took a
if she does we'll see how Noah reacts I
don't think he bare eyes on him I have a
feeling he's gonna try get a cheap shot
here there baby's gonna be like the most
precious little last night gentle boy
ever okay so we'll see maybes are
fascinating so hopefully he thinks it's
not II think crying babies are funny so
how do you make babies cry oh gosh
Noah thank you liked reactions that's
for sure but we'll see English guys
something oh no well either way I'm
excited about our family of four it's
like I'm excited to be going home I
thought it was going home last time I
was terrified and just didn't want to go
home oh my god how scary yeah I feel
good let's do this
everything's been good celebratory
dinner I'm not going with that tonight
having who you are in this thing
to me relieve me first time she's ever
felt the Sun seriously crazy Wow
good to go home
are you ready or not let's do it here we
come let's go PG with our baby we have
another baby it's crazy we have another
baby oh man hey I've heard this question
wasn't anyway we should sit back there
you gotta go stop by the pharmacy then
we're heading home I'm so excited
not being that hotel room just filled me
in hotel right now hotel room
hospital room you just a little trapped
after a while so many firsts not just
like walking talking like first song
remember we're driving novo yeah it was
the first song that we listened to no we
didn't we didn't put one on because we
wanted to be a good one so it looks like
I know but later wasn't it like Coldplay
anyways I'm just so excited about all
those little moments and then we also
got little baby sister picked this out
it's a storage cup oh it's a snack II
know you pit snack and front up and then
you put drink in there listen again from
baby sister to Noah oh he's no longer a
big day for Noah - we're here we're here
PJ's you got that okay yeah sure give
the cup to enjoy now yeah we'll wait
until we get in yeah oh I miss you
you're everything no there's been a
visit your your time is oh I missed you
there's an AI sister school Noah come
see mom first we're here
hey who is that it's a bigger sister you
don't say hi a few I guess hey you got
any dirty keep it up - you have fun good
you watch the store extra storage you
know baby sister got you a gift
do you want to see what she got you yeah
she got you a gift you are a rich baby
sister's gift for Noah oh you
did you say huh no no look a soul is
wearing a bow you have to be really
gentle but look at that check baby
sister got you a gift
do you want to see one see because of
what she got you today ready
ah a Storch Cup oh good snacks in there
to get oh you got Storch cut from baby
sister thank you baby sister I like her
already
that's your baby sister she got you
though it's a peace offering peace you
say you have money are you want her to
hold it okay there she goes oh he's
holding it gosh story research he knows
how much you love storage ya know just
brought some juice for baby sister let
me get her out okay you take that yeah
he he's excited kiss I missed you so
much today do we miss you this is
leaving ah see there she is a bow Oh
yummy soft dude hey before we touch baby
sister we have to wipe clean our hands
hands okay he also when he eats
Afeni he wastes every bite white white
white takes buttons all dirty I'm just
like just finish eating it yeah he was
taking advantage of you guys yeah oh I
love you guys Oh soft shop Jen - is that
your holder
no you want a holder look at least I
give her the passage this is your Cassie
yeah that's for baby sister you want to
give that to her
oh that's so nice you want a holder yeah
come see me up here kids right there
mommy will help you
Dover this one looking to belong okay
ready yeah I like you do these cute
daddies 18 remember
I do you be a good big brother
oh there's way too much cute going on
drill oh oh oh oh give her love see yah
oh she is do you like holding her yeah
and then she yells poop no she just
pooped so disgusting oh god no what dude
she just pooped yes sir voluntarily
kissing her right now she loves you
oh you want to keep holding her okay
did your big brother that's so fun yeah
did you poop again huh this is soft
no if you know Sashi I don't know what
that was akiza's a butterfly kisses yeah
should we get baby search you want to
grab baby Storch and help
I'll get your baby store I go get baby
storage here let's go find baby storage
it's a gift
okay that's your ear yeah she's feeding
right now Noah oh you never I love you
guys
hey so far so good so far so good that
farce office
maybe this will actually go really well
yep I know Jen's name echoing circle
yeah has been changed receive a lot of
attention today you know where we've
been reading counting we've made sure
that Noah has gotten a ton of attention
yesterday we came home we went outside
rode bikes scooters just like a normal
day you know it's not a little thing but
baby sister's here and she's extra
fragile we're gonna love her and take
care of her and she changed our lives
but it's not baby sister you shouldn't
eat
I think og and uncle David are here
David David
guys there's a baby right there shush hi
well we saved my favorite you just
coughed I thought you weren't sick there
she is no no there she is
I don't know how you thought good love
you Dave you can hold her mom came to
our hands wait go ahead please leave I
know she looks too peaceful
you look like no I do go she does she
looks just a good mix yeah but just like
different sometimes she's got the hair
like you guys had crazy did I have that
much her yeah Rachel you Rachel had a
lot of hair pinching and red black hair
he a lot of here - Rachel hair like this
that's my cheetah the bald eagle
Mohawk hmm welcome quite crazy and
another baby brainy you just near tell
me yesterday know I know trust me what
so fast like holy baby look my side on
me was a whole different one come than
Noah's oh yeah it was so much faster so
coop it oh fast I don't feel like there
come for hours old
like when you meet up mmm I think we can
on it cuz like she's been investing a
nine months yes she does the same Patti
lip that know it does mom got PJ a
present off a hanger so it's an outfit
oh yeah you gotta turn around
ah oh I'm so excited it's a dress Oh Oh
what size is that for 18 month yeah I
got it for like - oh my god calls money
oh my gosh is so Jeff you did you want a
pink hello gorgeous
it's so cute oh that's crazy thing
she'll be that big should we know his
age we love it I love it I fell in love
again buttons
it's so cute well happening there's
hangers in there right now we can hang
it up right now you're a little small
you don't fit there yet next year Oh
Sookie well yeah I like having things
like that
next it's time for night-night time from
their names right mom we're home and I
think the transition so far has been
amazing everything has gone so well just
like what a blessing healthy baby
healthy mama no is excited for now we're
excited and I just couldn't be more
grateful for my life right now it's
amazing
it's like family of four see how
tomorrow goes I'm grateful that
everything went well today we'll see how
tonight goes I think we're neighbors
sponge bath tomorrow yeah let's be fun
and cash we're just still in love with
this little girl she's so cute
you got to go to bed it's like midnight
okay hopefully we don't like that face
every night at midnight situation oh my
gosh I guess see you mom peace can reach
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood guys look she's even
taking a pinky kind of I look like I
don't know what kind of working progress
