the worst what happened this is it for
real no false alarm
well no I mean no cuz my water is broken
your life is forever and we changed he's
had say good luck mom say good luck
mommy I love you
Deon is doing the many work today
watching noah OGG is coming too so i'll
be good to go to lockdown
dude you're gonna be a big brother okay
oh I should probably put a little
foundation on her some songs I woke up
this morning at 7:00 to uh my water
having broken all but well he said I
wasn't sure I didn't really know I
haven't had the contractions I just feel
like I slept good but I had my back just
hurt all night long and then you fell
asleep on the couch is really good for a
couple hours
uh-huh got a pretty good night's sleep
yeah so it's 9 a.m. right now which is
good starting the day off with the baby
time baby
we'll see I don't want to do meetings it
could be a long day like you never know
that's true so we're gonna just go in
and check and make sure 100% that it is
my water and see how far dilated and if
they keep us I think they will though I
hope they do my water work we'll keep
you posted
I've got advice I think I could cry
already
I don't think you get it I start pushing
like last time they're like okay you
push it like but that's severe I was
just thinking that when I was driving
here when they were like are you ready
to push and Jen was like Oh already like
we're doing this all right John just got
checked out what's your water proed that
just pee my four centimeters dilated I
have something for a little more
not too many contractions but what'd she
say but she's over here to stay we'll be
here the whole day most likely depends
like if we walk and walk and walk
it could happen faster we're just waitin
see we're have it smell appease its much
I feel way more relaxed I'm having it
during the day so everyone's well rested
yeah and like the windows open it feels
great
so Jenna's Riv in 30 went way better
than last time right two seconds clap
like I was like oh you have it in like I
didn't feel it yeah Jen was deaf I could
see in her face she's anticipating
craziness because Noah it took like 30
minutes
the Lydia to try like three times it
hurt the whole time and I have like
really good things as I call he'll be
quick and then it wasn't the best lady
know what she was Oh Masha she was on it
Jen's are having too many contractions
right now no they're like well she's
having a lot of diet like strong strong
so we're gonna walk around for a bit in
the hallway because when she is standing
she feels them a lot more just crazy
just go
Oh
now we're bouncing really two times in a
row the exercise ball bouncing has
worked she has requested cherry syrup on
the ice which I will go get oh here I
picked the wrong color yeah I was like
as ice cream the syrup and I was like oh
good very good
you know like the old school snow cones
that get an ice cream and better just
solid ice basically I see it all right
just get the girl oh dude what is that
you were hurt oh my look at this is
kicking her way down I put some shows I
put like Amazing Race and some other
shows that were watchin on the iPad so
Jen could watch them all
I'm the informational episode yeah I
seven getting your mind off everything
she said is seven epidurals in I felt
kind of like a like oh I should try to
go longer but they were so painful then
I got it and then when she said I was at
I said I'm like okay I don't feel as bad
for giving my hepatitis A for so painful
one o'clock
that's progress we are eight nine
ninety-two seven so far everything is
just like going really well but she
Wow it's been only
forty minutes and it's time it's time
Jen oh my goodness summer like in junior
way down in our words this is a million
times faster there would Noah with no it
took two hours to push I don't feel like
it's gonna be like that the same no she
says probably by two by two
that's in 13 minutes 15 I feel like I
could push her up a second oh my gosh I
I'm gonna move these drinks when you
push thank you this epidural when you
did oh yeah
oh my goodness it's like we're using
cheat codes right now this is crazy
oh my gosh boom you already like see
right so graduation the use of your
hands and push would be a good good job
keep her going
check out seven eight nine Phil yeah
does she have hair and if Andy Brown
you're a little point over here here's
my earn his law here now he fell out he
had the cul-de-sac
turn it into good Oh bring his apple
orange cherry or grape juice oh that
sounds good memory I'll bring it 910
cake push to that pressure big breath
and push hard right hurt
good job their job I know you're feeling
good job jack
sore but you can do it ten hey hey baby
girl
you good secret job sorry good job good
job good job
yeah you can do it don't hate one way
come on one more
three you got it you're going keep going
keep going keep going keep going
take a breath I'm gonna push for if you
want to hang go good job Jenna she's so
pretty amazing
dijanna hair oh my goodness you ready
for both hi oh my gosh the traction baby
stuff for free you can do it and she's
coming this breathe oh my goodness oh my
gosh I'm just gonna see what shoulder
she wants to kind of give up
you got it girl you got it like no girl
good girl ten that was awesome you
killed it oh my goodness
good you did it that was like superwoman
I've kind of feel like she looks more
like me then yes and it's finality
yeah Penelope Penelope Jane so we're
gonna call our PJ and 812 whole week how
14 9 14 and a half how much was know
again that is huge
who's 14 and a half this is even bigger
yeah
oh my gosh
we just got a baby
she's uh another big baby your brother
don't look like your mother I know it's
only news
that was incredible like I'm just taking
it all in right now
Jenna's nursing right now I'm not gonna
show you but that she's drinking yeah
it's like amazing Wow
no but so far like the transition just
the hospital part I feel her face like a
birth nursing and like so far so good
I'm like incredibly happy great news
your side cuz now we're really outside
so we'll try the other side a minute ah
just been texting family sent out a
couple tweets I feel like I'm in shock
like I'm in disbelief right now April
hey April 5th 2016 at 2:00 p.m. and this
graphic is Noah was 157 p.m. I'm so
close yeah and it's just like completely
different experiences had this has
another best day of my life I have
multiple of those this is one of them
hey hey are you awake now you have your
eyes open Oh dad thank you of my ears
she like so funny right now it's like
different angles and like as even the
minutes because she looks different
just look at all this hair tho blonde
hair light brown at least hey hey you
excuse me happy birthday
happy birthday little PJ oh she looks so
much like know just like fair just fair
skin seems like the same mouth as him
just smaller lips
ya know has your lips I think she has my
smaller lips oh you do
uh-huh but everything else is you I
think all right we've switched rooms
already yep
kind of crazy I'm just like still in
shock that Izzy like you're not pregnant
I know and it just went so smoothly like
I'm just so grateful it was so fast it
was amazing absolutely amazing jen is an
amazing person and also really good do
you have a dollar I didn't faint with
Noah either am I headed it was too fast
to get lighted yeah no it was great
I just so proud like it's amazing my
heart tastes great so full anyways I'm
gonna go get Noah we'll see how he does
we're gonna I'm gonna get him some
dinner real quick and talk to him and
then tell him that we're gonna go see
date your sister and see how it goes
did you feel him up to it are you yeah
no I feel this like I feel 100 times
once I get 360 compared to last time
like mentally physically like I feel so
good you look great did she look
beautiful
I'm gonna go deep right now okay when
you have a baby
heaven nut is never so close and like
the coolest way possible it's like the
most like very spiritual great hospital
sister baby sister Jen there you go see
baby sister go get riches
you
you
you
but no scoop on her if you ever heard
she beautiful she pretty
that's your baby it's your sister you've
to protect her you love her
Junior kiss do you I do give her kisses
just on the mouth you want give her a
kiss on the head any oh that's so major
yeah what can you do a dance for baby
sis dead dead dead did it hey how's it
going
doing well yeah yeah the whole crew here
yeah run saying I jump doing great we
wouldn't ever go after Jen wasn't
feeling well but she's feeling great
and then no is actually doing pretty
good he should mera baby sister is yeah
it's crazy she there's baby sister Lily
she's made the transition there he is
yeah whatever it's pretty surreal pretty
surreal we were talking about how like
just the other day we're hanging out
watching movie watching creed Phillip
he's like kicking everyone people from
their hand in her tummy she's kicking
and now she's like you're kicking it
with us you know it's just like I was
kind of corny but hey dude chillin with
us prison I'm here
I remember watching Hannah being born
yeah now you're here like in there's
Penelope look at there's a little
toesies yeah don't touch your toes
barefoot I mean I get know right there
okay
just too soft oh yeah that was a soft
take tissue paper wet pancake pancake
you're cold I am oh do you want Taco
Bell oh hey my preference there you go
oh yeah she's getting hungry again
oh have you checked I didn't know
what to do good work job Tyler
would you think a baby sister is that
fun was it fun hey your star baby though
okay
how do you think that one with no oh my
gosh better than I expected
yeah it wasn't like probably expect to
have like this picture-perfect moment
where your child is introduced into your
other child but at Noah's age well it's
such a wild George was picture-perfect
that was expecting him to be like oh
yeah I'm not one I really thought he'd
be kind of jealous kind of mad and
instead he was very gentle it's like his
you can almost like feel that how
precious her spirit was and the only
thing is rid of it was with you like
he's very uncomfortable around here now
but I mean if we head home tomorrow or
whatever
he'll be fine yeah and once I'm at home
I think he'll be fine
yeah he'll be good I'm just uh you know
like I'll take that like I'll take the
cold shoulder to me I'm just glad that
he like wasn't upset about her yeah cuz
seems like laughing when she was like
yeah yes good everyone was super gentle
like wash their hands like eighty
million times so afraid to hold her we
have one more visitor coming tonight
David just got off work and I texted him
and I said do you have work yet he's off
he's gonna come here so that would be
nice
I think of it really well I was really
cute I almost got a little choked up
walking in cuz I was like family for
it's all so weird like walking no hot
holding his hand I was like he's not our
youngest one anymore you know you still
like our baby but it's just crazy to see
no one together now because of new words
are so dependent on me like things are
just depending on me yeah everything fun
and Noah's now so yeah like right now
this moment and then Noack it's like
kind of happy to go hang out with the
guys a little bit he's probably sad but
he'll be fine yeah I kind of just put
him in his car seat he sat with the guys
he's like really excited and I just
gonna like slide yeah so he'll be okay
yeah
I love both of our kids two kids
holy cow she looks like Oh neither
she's so stretched out but I look just
like where did you come from you're so
blue are you who are you
she does look like either of us but in a
couple days and weeks she'll look
different all over again that's crazy
having a child is the coolest scariest
awesome most throwing kula nowhere it's
not really good day
because she's late she's white and just
like one here
she's natural mean like hook straight
from heaven man
who she really looks like yeah sister
you kept two kids did let it out babe
it's 11 o'clock
and Jenny's hungry I got our chick-fil-a
salad earlier tonight now she wants well
I'll show you guys she wants Denny's
there's this picture of waffles that
keeps popping up at the hospital I don't
know if it's on a paper a TV or what
she's like waffles just sounds so good
to me right now and I'm more than happy
to get that for her because first of all
she deserves it second of all with Noah
she like lost her appetite she just
wasn't hungry that often and it was that
way for like a couple weeks she says
that she had a little postpartum
depression with Noah and she was like
never diagnosed she definitely had like
a little bit of the baby blues so I'm
happy that she has an appetite happy to
get her waffles she deserves it even on
a normal day and I'm gonna go get some
of those right now
oh my gosh hey you just have to stare at
her like a million times a day cuz she's
constantly changing - it's just crazy
sometimes she looks like Jen sometimes
she looks like me sometimes she looks
like nobody
if Christie's hat that she made her
honor right now this is also a blanket
that she made just keeping her warm
monitoring her right now let's see
pretty hungry right now - Grand Slam
burger or whatever it's like a breakfast
burger and then I got Jen her
strawberries and her waffle syrup
there's some eggs and bacon - we're a
little breakfast party just made my
girls that's crazy
we should be sleeping Joe that says
whenever you should best I had to try to
feed her though some what was awake in
it girl thank you girl best husband ever
goes and get you waffles at which I was
at 11:45 at night look at her if you
deserve where we go I'm excited
is it part of breastfeeding like -
uh-huh yeah like you have to top
calories are you like you're basically
giving calories yes you yes that's true
so we gonna keep you fed for a while
another burn calories breastfeeding baby
okay it's chipped so it's like you can't
work out but you can dress me Yeah right
but just look at that little peanut girl
she sews breastfeeding is going pretty
good she latches on but she just doesn't
want to nurse for like a super long time
but she's still eating so the nurse
isn't worried right it's like that's
like weird with no it was really hard
just because you've never done it before
I had never done it before so it's a
little bit of this time to fall
I'm so excited thanks babe just wrapping
it up with the Oh TV we got the nice
onesie I showed you the Hat got a little
baby girl we have a baby girl we have a
baby girl oh my goodness we're gonna get
some sleep
calling this vlog it for that thank you
for all your support it was a really
good day you guys are awesome
our family is great our friends are
great you guys are great to support the
love the prayers the encouragement just
everything you guys make us feel just
like it's there's no words today was one
of the greatest days of our lives it's
up there and all those other greatest
days of our lives
you guys actually made it even better
just like with all that kind words and
love so thank you I'm so cute yes you
are
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood you know baby sister
got you a gift do you want to see what
she got you
