no what do you think
good morning good morning good morning
Hey oh yeah oh we're actually gonna get
ready to go tell time a little bit cuz
last Wednesday after all the time I got
some contractions so I'm hoping that if
I go again get more contractions well I
got I doubt it I'm just taking in
peasants looks like it's gonna rain it
feels like I am like over 40 weeks it
feels like I've passed my due date like
10 times but I'm still not even due
until Thursday so we have a few days
guys yesterday we were like on a walk
and at the Bark any wouldn't drink any
water and it was hot out some kind of
like what do I do it or just wait until
he tells me he's thirsty like maybe he's
just not thirsty but I mean he'll drink
juice like any time of the day you know
so long people don't like water and I
don't want him to be my basket and my
sister and dad hate water they had to
have flavor in their water but I just
that's just it's just hassle I just want
to build a drink some water when we're
outside so if you have any tips or
tricks or if you're kidding I'll do the
same thing let me know if it's just a
phase and maybe they'll start drinking
water again the summer I wanted took
really hot I don't know I not just the
cutest face you've ever seen also if
you're on Twitter
stop asking where the baby is that's
clearly she's to Aniyah I'm wondering
the same thing you guys are all
wondering and if anything I'm 20 times a
hundred times more anxious than your
she's still at sighs guys I technically
I'm not due till this week so on that
note let's do some squats you need some
squats this so why it's got like this
oh come on you're doing the Medeco so
nice to squints I hate doing squats ah
they hurt my dear sweet friend Jenny or
Oh Sam grew up with her husband Aaron
with home sauce in Chicago their whole
lives and I became really good friends
with his wife Jenny and she okay so she
has a little business this is her little
her little card to descent isn't that so
pretty this card I left locked and if
she's gotten really into like watercolor
um the past year or two and like she's
always been very crafty like one of the
most happy people I know and always
making fun things and she just sent me
the most beautiful prints for Penelope
look at how beautiful that is and then
she sent this a aren't those so pretty
I'm just obsessed I cannot believe how
gorgeous this is look at this uh I just
want to go find a beautiful frame for
that right now I'm just I love it so
much Jenny thank you so so much
okay so I kind of thought that it would
be a little bit bigger it's kind of
small and like roll your hips on it
right nothing good what cuz uh
let's go to the gym a lot of you've
recommended sitting on a yoga ball I
want to get one because I've heard
they're pretty comfortable just to sit
on for working and things there's one in
our little gym so you can go down some
that dizzy oh my goodness you're gonna
hurt yourself
well that's work I don't know guys I
feel like they are also improving the
toasty cheez-its they keep getting
better and better and more tasty look at
those oh yeah I've been looking at
videos on YouTube about how to induce
labor without exercise ball my ball is
definitely small so I guess like really
my hips and knees should be level so
this ball is a little small if you can't
tell and when I sit on it it gets even
smaller so I think I'm gonna have to
have Sam pick me up one from like al
Sporting Goods or something and just
return this one look what the cat
dragged in this sexy like a man
David popped by for a little visit I'm
just been hanging out with joggers you
know dunno hey helmet helmet please
knowing that shirt seriously shrink
already put the 3t and it looks like it
shrink Wow storage board we've been
hiding the storage forward because it's
very tiring to bend over and help him
with the Storch board especially for me
being due this week so we pulled it out
some Stephens here to break his back for
no it's the worst he's standing with his
with his right foot on the back of the
board and he's pushing with his left so
that way when he does learn how to hop
on the board so once he gets used to it
you can have his left foot on the board
is right like that's how like that's how
like good skaters huh all right awesome
C's a newbie I means more comfortable to
have your sister like your strong leg on
the board so you can bounce better right
and you'll push with your weaker leg
yeah
yeah I'm goofy wait am I see but I want
to push like this and then put this foot
on Wow
so we got the medicine balls inflated
know has been helping bounce you runs he
really wants to be a part of everything
and I feel like I got so emotionally
drained the other night like I was so
ready to have the baby and emotionally
preparing myself I know that makes me
sound like a wimp because I'm not even
though I'm pushing but like I love Jen
and Noah and my family so much that my
heart just like it's really invested in
everything
and sometimes I feel like I feel like
feelings your emotions can really affect
physiologically how you feel right so
when you're happy you feel good your
body feels well unless you're like super
sick or something
but I feel like your mind can make you
sick sometimes okay here come in I'm see
you you wanted to see my lap now you
don't want you oh no I just wanted my
chair okay yeah you can say what you
want to say oh wait oh yeah hmm the
play-doh you play this oh yeah no it's
down here the cameras down here it's a
great time here see do you see how it's
ther there yeah I play with your
play-doh yeah yeah yeah yeah this one
yeah was that fun - uh what's that is
that for a baby sister we haven't taken
it down yet I kind of like it we'll take
it down soon though
that's her baby sister eh yeah it's cool
you can touch it just don't pull it down
okay
so anyways I just got I almost feel like
I felt anxiety or like stress for the
first time ever
Jen thinks I had an anxiety attack
because the same way who's describing to
me is how I usually feel after I have
like a anxiety
I really thank well I'm not that's not
like who right and necessarily because I
mean actually very positive my back not
that I wasn't feeling positive I was for
any positive about everything but I just
got like super stressed out after those
I don't know or it could have been I ate
something I don't know I wasn't feeling
well maybe I was sick I even have this
is kind of gross you it don't close your
eyes if you don't like this actually I
won't show you I'm really big like
canker sore here and it's like yeah it's
usually stress-induced so I feel like a
big baby because I got Jen over here
he's like ready to push a baby and I'm
just like stress cuz I just wanna have a
baby one way better today but we really
needed like a day off yesterday to just
relax take everything in we didn't post
the vlog yesterday and it was good just
to be as a family I'm feeling good again
how about you not that I was weird no I
think I don't know what it was maybe a
bug quick bug maybe the animals gave me
something Noah or was like aftermath of
CVX not sure feeling much better
we slept a lot I think I've been getting
like eight hours of sleep which is great
for me so one thing I'm really excited
about today that will get my mind off of
all of this is opening day for the
Cubbies we've documented this the past
two years so this is our third opening
day on a blog every year I say the same
thing this might be our year that's how
you think of things as a Cubs fan might
be our year actually last year I was
like it's not gonna be our year but this
might actually be our year not gonna do
it no this might be our year dude hey
hold on
hey Chicago what do you say here we go
people I got my Cub Sox on Dexter
Fowler's on third base ball has begun
and we just struck out if gonna can't be
well in your back was hurting to that
back pain are back labor for both baby
first run of the season
yeah I hope there is a lot of that this
year
Cubs one nine to zero not gonna say what
that means because I don't want to jinx
anything
how are you feeling back isn't a lot of
pain he said still could be back later
maybe so another day and today's April
4th
tomorrow's April 5th each day I'm like
April 5th that's a good birthday Jen's
mom will be here on Wednesday so we're
almost there as far as that goes
that's nice I just want us to be waiting
here forever and your mom sitting here
we're all just like sitting there and I
just like the only thing the only thing
no but yeah we just keep waiting there
you go I can't predict anything we're
having fun we're excited
I keep wondering what you look like if
you just finally put the car seat in
ahead that's true we still have the car
seat everything is ready to cut for the
car seat so it means right there ready
to grab but we don't have it like in
latched in so let's do that tomorrow
final step I said that in another vlog
this will be the final step shows that
we're ready alright that's it for today
we'll see what happens tomorrow could be
a crazy day we really don't know what
tomorrow could be like just kind of fun
and exciting I'll see you guys then
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood sup dude what do you
guys know
