as you can tell Jen's kind of upset
about that no it's just confusing let
you get attractions and they can
completely stop when they feel like when
you're already dilated and they feel so
like real like those are legit
contractions
it's Saturday I'm still pregnant barely
barely but doojoon Dejan are over and
they actually pulled up when I was about
to go shopping and he decided to go with
me which was very nice so they wouldn't
let me pick up anything and then I woke
up from a nap curling dejan for like the
past half an hour and now the realize if
she comes if she comes oh yeah I talked
to him on without we got it Mary panics
call at 2:44 a.m.
hi students family Dejan hung up stay
homeless amigos
we're gonna be parents tomorrow but I
was having some major contractions and
thought I was about to have a baby
but alas April April Fool's PJ got me
good last night cuz I thought I was
having a baby today she's gonna eat she
it was really mean cuz it was like from
11 o'clock 11:00 to 4:00 a.m. like full
contractions four to five minutes apart
and pretty painful and then they just
stopped just like that just like that
they stopped I'm like guess I'll go to
sleep now I've had a baby and I haven't
had any contractions today just cramping
so that's cool we praying it forever
he likes that book it's such a nice day
we go outside you're gonna dance Noah
are you gonna hide from juju fee little
flirt oh you and daddy are matching
today Noah
your shirt's did dad plan that I think
the song you should play is mister steal
yo girl who's your IV right now hey are
you having juju today is the most
beautiful day that we have had in months
absolutely the most beautiful day
weather's perfect it might be a little
on the chilly side for some people like
people from California that's immediate
feels so good and we are playing at the
park having fun hey dude I know nose
making new friends there eating fake ice
cream this is a very intense slide okay
go for it
let's see it Wow he starts really
learned about yeah friction so someone's
pushing me down are you ready to go home
for Mom oh oh TD we got nowhere rock and
it's your boobies yeah we also have the
same shirt on today we've had the
gracious help of once you guys ship name
now Dan doesn't like that name what's
your official ship name okay it's just
Julian date hon jewel jewels and day huh
yeah what's it here without me film we
got a document that's great meal we have
these our vegetable noodles is that like
something you eat often we have some
very nice pasta what kind of is that
like egg pasta or all possible eggs egg
noodles and then we have daehan over
here G pooping the shrimp basically yes
that's a cleaning shrimp isn't take the
show off and get the poop out we eating
good tonight
really today tonight both were kind of
like mentally fatigued after last night
and they really help
you know no and now they're cooking us
dinner are we wearing the same shirt oh
you hate the Garrett today so the past
24 hours have been quite the tango and
so how I would describe it about 24
hours ago from almost now Jen started to
feel some major contractions and around
2:00 a.m. they really picked up and
that's when we were like whoa
these are some serious contractions
maybe we should start timing him so we
started time him and Jen was having like
big ones and the kind of a little one
and then a big one and they were even
like about five minutes apart and when
that happened last time when Noah was
born that's when we went to the hospital
about 10 ish minutes apart right now I
lost the rest of something you know it's
going quickly looks like this guy's made
me joining us in the next 24 hours out
of 727 sound for a birthday I mean a
sick 6:37 a big time we're heading to
the hospital my contractions are about
five minutes apart now I have like a
really big one every 10 minutes and then
I have like another one in between that
but it's not as bad
when the hospital see what happens
hopefully they keep us you know when
you're in labor that's for sure you do
you are you're not you'll know you'll
definitely know are you in labor we're
gonna have us all the barber baby ready
for this ready you ready to have a baby
we were like okay they're close together
let's go to the hospital we went to the
hospital and they kept us there and I
almost feel like if this was our first
baby we would have gone to the hospital
right mm-hmm
I almost feel like the same thing would
have happened like they put you on the
pitocin ever and ever
they probably right since I'm already
three I probably would've been a four
getting there I think I'm probably a
four oh I'm hoping I'm at least a four I
mean those contractions were terrible
but they probably would have kept me and
just had the baby today but I wanted to
see how far I could go and that they
stopped so honestly naturally it really
wasn't the time right so we thought last
night we're like this is it baby time
like it's happening we're going like
this is exactly how it was it Noah so I
even tweeted out of those like our
county contractions like we'll see what
happens and then I tweeted out and as I
said are you said babe don't say that
because then they'll stop
sure enough 30 minutes to an hour later
they stopped they stopped that's okay
but it was kind of it would've been
crazy
never been with nuts had we gone to the
hospital last night I know it's just I
guess that's just how it is
mm-hmm emotionally I feel kind of
drained today because I feel like we
both in our minds thought last night was
it yeah like butterflies Jenna's in some
pain we were both just like getting
really excited and then today it was
just like oh and how have you felt today
nothing I felt zero contractions today
zero just tired
as you can tell Jen's kind of upset
about that no it's just confusing let
you get attractions and they can
completely stop when they feel like when
you're already dilated and they feel so
like real like those are legit
contractions that's I'm like so confused
as a guy it's hard for me to relate
exactly how she feels only because like
you've been carrying this baby for
almost a year okay nine months that is
three months short of a year for those
of you that didn't know that and it's
crazy to think about because we told so
many people at CVX live you've been
pregnant with the same baby at two CFX
lives two of the same YouTube convention
like that will never happen again
probably because I don't think they'll
be that close together but it's just
such a long process and so then when you
once you get to this part you're like
alright I'm like there you know it's
it's safe to have the baby like let's do
it
I know a lot of you guys were pretty
excited today like on Twitter and stuff
and yeah you guys have shown so much
love turns us these past couple days
which honestly has really helped I feel
like yes I don't want anyone get too
excited oh I just can't wait like open
Jarett my phone for five hours like yeah
guys I've been waiting nine months I
know how you feel but a little more yeah
basically if any of you are super
excited just imagine that times a
million that's pretty much how Jen's
feeling right now and then me - a couple
of just because I like I haven't been
carrying the baby before so you deserve
to be even more excited but I mean I was
nervous last night I was like oh gosh is
this really happening but I started to
get butterflies I was like here we go
this is it so that's kind of an update
on what happened last night we didn't
film anything happening with the
contractions it was super late it was
dark it was like 3:00 a.m. with the
lights out we're just kind of sitting
here and I realized like I'll do a
better job when we do field ejections
again because like although that's not
the most entertaining thing it's cool
it's really fun to look back at yeah
you know mm-hmm so instead of telling we
will do more showing ya next time we did
have a good day today though and Celine
Dion we're over like the whole day and
helped out so much with Noah because I
was so drained so they they entertained
a lot yeah we we were there with them
yeah but honestly like they really took
charge
picking up Noah we went to the grocery
store why he was holding him the whole
time
Dana and Julie went to the grocery store
with me and made sure I didn't lift
anything they made us dinner I mean we
were there with them but like it really
was a relaxing day so yeah that's where
we are right now tomorrow we will see
what happens I think we're both
optimistic but also not going to get too
excited yeah I'm talking way too much
Jen is the one that feels more emotion
about this she's gonna come what she
wants to come really that's what it
comes down to when the baby's ready the
baby comes no matter what you do yeah
so whenever she's ready to come I can't
believe it's like right here I know it's
just it is like skating like whenever
the conjectures like holy cow like I
remember when Noah was born
and I thought in that moment it's gonna
be a while and here we are again right
it's exciting it's exciting it's crazy
that's what's going on it's about
midnight hopefully we can get some good
rest if Noah sleeps in like you did
today we'll get about eight hours of
sleep which would be phenomenal
I think it'll happen this week I just
don't know yeah
there does your mom's also coming on
Wednesday so if it if that's the day it
just might be perfect you know anyways
thank you guys for thinking of us thank
you for your prayers
thank you for your tweets for the
comments and for all the love definitely
I mean I don't want to say real owners
we have so many like family members that
are away from us yeah so sometimes you
guys really do feel like family having
that many people caring and thinking
about us it's pretty pretty incredible
right lot of prayers going out to you
Jen so much because it's
there's no reason this weakens felt like
these last couple days have felt like
way longer than they did with them Noah
for some reason like I feel like I'm
already like past my due date
well you're not it's true it's kind of
got a little too excited right we can't
wait to meet her so padam Bunya where
you're watching weight-loss shows
tonight we watched Creed and then we
watched fit too fat to fit and we're
like when the babies when we have the
baby after that we're gonna work out
together yeah you know cuz it's good to
have a partner and I
I could lose like ten fifteen alright
see you guys tomorrow love you up peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood okay Shawn yeah oh
look at how proud he is of himself yeah
he made me film him by the way places
conference is on they nose got wild man
today
