is that so cool you got him don't
squeeze too tight just something soft
gentle okay that's a baby okay guys I am
here at the salon to get my massage and
I'm so I've been cleaning all morning
and just getting a lot done around the
house so that way I'd be extra like
tired well he's my bio mixer store so I
could just really appreciate this
massage and I'm just so excited I have
not had a massage like this since my mom
would massage just because she was a
massage therapist or what she got our
thighs and her shoulders and had to stop
we used to get like Sunday massages and
they were like the best thing of life
besides the one this past weekend this
is like my first like legit go into a
salon and have a massage I'm pretty sure
I'm excited let's see how it goes
hopefully I come out like this
that was the best thing of life I was
like seriously trying not to fall asleep
and then I'm pretty sure I fell asleep a
few times but oh my goodness I'm so
relaxed I feel like I just want to like
just keep closing my eyes and go back to
sleep I'm so happy right now
happy Friday we are on our way to baby
animal days where it's a late start
though pretty crowded - yes this kind of
credit last year we went last year and
you don't really didn't care for any of
the animals you a little isn't like nine
month old yeah but he was just kind of
like I think you'll enjoy it more this
time oh yeah me too
I think you'll really enjoy I don't
think I want to touch the animals but I
say do you think he'll actually pet any
of them I feel like 30s kindness care I
don't think he'll touch you but I hold
the baby chick maybe are the bunnies or
were they there's also bears but they're
like bad for the Bears and they just
like sit on these bears you excited I
think I like pointing at although I
think you'll like seeing them a lot if
anything it'll be educational because I
remember last time their reindeer their
horses and he it's everything he loves
so we'll try and you know teach them to
say the words go or whatever thing is
maybe count a couple animals because we
like counting right now
yeah are you excited yeah let's go see
um guys I just think this is like the
most beautiful view right here and Logan
whenever I see that I'm like holy cow
it's beautiful look yeah which one's the
mama horse know which one's mom no
that's a baby
there's the mommy yeah over there this
is so cool at first animal sighting
horses somewhere in there there's a baby
cow somewhere in there I like around the
side
no it's gonna try and pet him we'll see
if he's scared or dodge oh he's coming
for it
- Rob Dyrdek's mini-horse hey well
general was Rob Dyrdek's mini-horse cold
was it's called mini-horse that one just
looks so mad angry I'm scared of that
one there was one blog race that
actually won a mini horse I think it was
last April Fool's actually plastic rules
I got an email saying I won a mini horse
yeah I can't remember a clothing company
geez this guy is just so mad he hates me
too daddy
so you cheese to Daddy see ya they
sleeping look it says ear hey did you
like that yeah look let's get going
let's keep going this is a film that's a
huge bear line that is not worth it we
win and it was it's not worth it but you
can't even touch the very line of last
room Hey look who's here we saw the
bunnies sitting on those that's what
we're gonna go see he's a Dutch Shepherd
border collie
last year we met bunny rabbits no I had
zero interest yes a little this year
we'll see if you actually don't yeah he
seems a little apprehensive about a hold
of money yeah is that cool yeah
that's not funny yeah
I hope Noah is as nice to Penelope is he
has been to these animals he's actually
been really good so far he loves him I
do do you love these
it was in this very spot right here that
last year that old lady hit on me they
weren't here then you went home to take
Nova down for a nap but this lady came
up to me and she was like checking my
picture and she was like what did she
say here's the clip of what happened
I know right
it's okay
she is going hi chicken the chickens
baby that's a baby check them have to be
sitting down do you want to go sit down
Wow is that so cool got him don't
squeeze too tight
just something soft gentle okay that's a
baby oh he's too enamored by all of them
I think there's too many he knows these
stormtroopers on this place shirts nice
whoa he's sleeping
oh my don't poke him that's so nice you
see the duck Noah impaired in
good job whoa
Pettis Bobby say hi oh that's so nice
this lamb sheeps what is it called /
full house that loss of words is
provided by Paul Mitchell no do you want
to touch it okay tenth time we have
applied an sanitizer
matingcall
really
and the winner of best costume design
that baby animal days goes to the
peacock it's quite the move right there
with every meal we asked will this be
the meal that induces labor over ya know
are you using your chopsticks
who is that who's here actually tell him
that today show me what you've learned
starting to coast more oh I was
wondering if these things actually
worked but he is progressing yeah sure
nough time he's three he for sure will
be able to ride a bike by the time it's
the end of the summer maybe they're
gonna be coasting on it a lot more Jimmy
hey welcome contractions
we're in Penelope's room right now this
is her bed oh congestion yeah what is
the best thing I can do when you have
contractions hold your hand act like
nothing's happening dance put shows in
the iPad really yeah what can i what's
the best thing for me to do because as a
husband and something that loves you
dearly sometimes I like I don't know
what to do you got it okay
I want to do crazy cleaning mode tonight
- I cleaned the toilets and
yeah that's how we spend our Friday
night cleaning hey I was like do you
wanna watch the end of the were your
Celtics game it's just funny though
because Dione and Julie will dance I
mean thanks to the Huey goes up to like
adult stuff Oh
tricks up the sleeve okay thank you no
it's like you don't say how are those
right now we're just like doing boring
stuff that we have to do there's a lot
of pink and I know we've mentioned this
maybe previously well first of all this
bed frame Wow okay we have figured that
out look at all of these clothes and the
crazy thing is is like we have not
really like we haven't throw I'm not
bleeding I just cut myself from the box
box box cut Oh anyways
most of these were like donated and
gifted to us Todd you gave us a ton and
then siblings friends family it's I can
see this dress my sister gave us okay so
that was one time I said there's a vlog
it was called like no one needs a sister
uh-huh I was soon after he was born that
was the dress we got in case we didn't
know if it was boy or girl here's what
the drawers are like stuff to the
onesies no cute cat onesie the crazy
thing is I just feel so grateful because
like oh my gosh I don't remember buying
like any of this feels like our friends
just like our family yeah I mean it's
like people just take care of us and I'm
extremely grateful that's kind of like a
cool way to recycle things it's like I
don't feel we throwing away any baby
clothes we just give them away because
there's always someone else that we're
gonna use them exactly more on the story
recycle your baby clothes help someone
out
who was so cute this outfit right here
it's funny because I feel like that's
one you'd wear Irene got the shorts too
but like the top with these shoes I mean
come on
oh that box could hurts Here I am
complaining about box cuts as my wife
has parts of her body literally opening
up entered George Clooney Jeff hey red
there I just shaved so I'm 16 years old
again Jenna's still feeling contractions
but she's actually asleep right now and
resting which is good with Noah's birth
John and I were just so tired it took
literally 24 hours from when the
contractions were really picking up to
when we were holding the baby
we barely slept so I'm trying to take a
different approach than like Jen you
gotta sleep I gotta sleep we don't know
what day it's gonna be but let's try and
be well-rested which probably won't be
the case but at least it's worth a try
right tomorrow should be a pretty
laid-back day taking care of Jen and
know as much as I can and we'll see what
happens this weekend you never know I'll
see you guys then base
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood because he's really
cute eating his watermelon out of this
bowl and I didn't have to show you guys
he loves watermelon uh-oh
