uh-huh okay hello Sam Angelica
this is dr. spunk your OBGYN we are
calling in regards to the blood work we
had taken out last week we wanted to
inform you that the glucose levels work
well and the baby is healthy as well as
a mother
we're excited to have you in next week
to give birth and bring this little baby
into the world we do however need to
inform you that the baby that you'll be
having um you're actually going to be
having a boy
you have a very healthy baby boy
congratulations again we are sorry and
good morning great world welcome to San
kebab oh hello there hopefully this
works out I'm testing something new
today and not saying I'm always gonna do
this but we do have multiple cameras and
it's fun to switch it up be kind of a
crazy day jen has gotten she just did so
much this morning like we said before
even ten o'clock like I slept in because
I was up super late working on things
I slept in till about 10:00 which was
amazing I wake up everything is done car
vacuumed house cleaned just like all
these little things I'm like what oh
yeah the dresser is built with Noah Noah
did you wait did you build the dresser
did you with mom no was it all mom you
helped No
so anyways it was all like done and I
was like holy crap the baby must be
almost here if she was able to get all
that done they've been skateboarding
today I've had all these different like
phone calls and meetings and just little
things I had to do yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah wait wait we call this the lawn
mower what for the motorboat yeah we're
waiting for Tyler dude why don't tow
blurs have patience know so anyways
we're waiting for Tyler right now I'm
gonna let Jen rest for the next couple
hours I'm gonna take note to the Fun
Park which will probably be more fun for
me because I actually like doing that
kind of stuff we're gonna go shoot hoops
play some of the games spend about 10
bucks for an hour or two of fun yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah what a motorboat its
back which we call the motorboat oh you
don't be on camera okay we're just
waiting for Taylor right now and then
we're gonna go
hopefully Jen's laying down tomorrow she
has a massage which I think will get a
really relaxed and kind of like ready
for everything
yeah dude I'm so sorry it's okay I'm
gonna turn the camera off I know you
don't want to be on I'm sorry all right
Calla hurry up the motorboat is going
off Oh welcome Wow welcome to my vlog
thanks man
it's good to be here your quality is
improved Thank You tribe Tyler approved
I think it's good have you used it like
this yet have you checked our footage is
the audio good yeah that's cool
I think Kenan cameras are way different
I know I've won a shoot on a cannon but
I don't have one so cannon you know
where to you know to reach me there we
go okay where's your focus ring oh yeah
I like it because it's light yeah it's
so much lighter than mine I feel like I
could just like go quickly like go
hiking with that yeah it's super light
this is almost lighter than my my small
one my point and shoot yeah it's like a
small brick all right we're pumped yeah
heck yeah boy oh yeah
so I just went and paid for like the
place we live you know and the lady at
the front desk was like would you like
some candy for your not your son right
and I was like wow that's that's my son
yeah I'm about to have to Wow second I'm
about to barely dad's can't wear hats in
the sculpture
that's some tough competition today you
gotta hit it dude don't let it go in
don't let it go in the goal okay Oh
uncle
oh it's 2:00 to 3:00 it's on his side
it's on his side
oh look at that it oh we got Jonathan
caves and Patrick Kane in one package
here ladies and gentlemen oh look at
that swipe Oh and drive Tyler has scored
once more yes the birthday boy his arms
do not extend that far hi guys past few
days I've tested our patience I'm really
excited for massage tomorrow very
excited
swishes a couples massage see ya
wouldn't do we should where's our
babymoon why didn't we take one be like
we said we were mom gets here early
baby's still not here I mean you we need
to go out maybe we should go out
maybe we should we need to get a
babysitter we do I love Noah with all my
heart as do i and even when you test my
patience I love him as do i he is really
testing your patience today
yeah just leaving I've never seen
someone so angry and so restrictive to
get into the car yeah I don't want to
give me a napkin yeah here you go
what I said no because that we need our
God as artists so mainly dirt and we
need the water table and some activities
and we need a shock collar zapping when
he goes too far I want more turkey
chicken and potatoes it's time to talk
he's on a brilliant opportunity stretch
when he turns when he turns - that's
yeah I think he's on track yeah oh no oh
oh my gosh I love him to death
it's just one of those these past few
days have been
that's hot and the worst part is like we
can tag team at most the time which most
parents can't do you know that shout out
to all you stay-at-home dads
stay-at-home moms I have I want chicken
school kids and sometimes you have to
like Turkey or you can't even tag-team
it right I don't know how I said it
before I don't know how you guys do I
guess I mean it's hard it's hard just in
the parent exams here like we're so
spoiled we are and that makes it harder
sometimes because I feel like sometimes
you feel bad if like you have a hard day
because you're like wow I have my wife
for me
maybe that's why I know so crazy it's
like every father knew we could handle
the coolest kid in the world
because we both be here to handle it I
gave him a lot he's good he's and no
hats at the table baby I put right there
he really loves her history chicken um
yeah yeah and the funny thing is like
I've been extra like cautious of his
feelings just through like reading
comments to like like he is still a baby
he really is so I've been very cautious
so much I just look Haggard I'm extra
cautious to make sure like like I cuddle
him a lot but even with all the extra
cuddles he's still been very trying
today I was just talking and then we
feel better right I think we need just
mentally prepare for that we're gonna
have to soon we'll see I don't know it
could just be terrible too
eighteen months are you already in
you're terrible duelist Oh someone just
took a baby kicking my seat my mom says
that she thinks that eighteen months to
24 months that's like the hardest period
mountains out there what do you think
yeah we disagree I don't know whatever
it is this age has been the most
difficult it really has but it's like we
when we do but we tried to get out every
day and do some fun stuff with Noah like
whether to being outside or going just
getting out of the house basically and
like being interactive with him and
usually he's a lot happier on those days
it's frustrating when you try and do
something really fun right he's like and
then he's still great but think about
how many kids do you think I'm a disc
you obese how many times do you think go
to Disneyland and Disney World and are
just like the worst right so it's just
like it's a kid thing it is and it's
just age thing and Tyler was in the car
with me he's like isn't it weird you've
like like isn't it weird you've switched
roles we're like you're no longer the
one that's being reprimanded our life
you know
I'm like on the other end now I give
instead of receive right you know like
management right
it's just crazy right it is crazy and
it's really hard and rough cuz means him
we're both both very empathetic people
especially Sam like he we really care
about other people's feelings especially
our child
so we try to make sure he's happy having
a fun day but well after dinner let's
all have a group hug yeah I think we
need to have a group hug after dinner
the little turd nugget
himself the cutest little turd nugget
I've ever seen hey what do you have a
new towel a skateboard in the car even
though today was rough do you still love
us
oh look
hey I'm you looking at yourself oh no
bad bad angle no no what hey do you
still love mommy and daddy yeah did you
have a good day today
yeah do you have a better day tomorrow
yeah you got your car and your
skateboard you know mommy and daddy love
you hey
yeah
as marks
booty booty booty booty rockin
everywhere
Oh pity throwing all my balls probably
please hold
when I came here last time I got three
1000 sin a row 1515
