three two one wait looks like there's
already seven people here welcome guys
we are streaming live from my phone on
YouTube this is our first live stream in
a couple weeks I like to do them like
every week but this is our first one and
two weeks two or three weeks that's up
Christian Bowens little DP and Elise
Alexa what's up Alexa it's been a while
Adrian and Elise Sydney Alexandra hello
hello everybody hello how are we today
we're good
we are currently babysitting we got four
kids right now wait if you really think
about we have five it is I can't see
what the temperature is 60 degrees
outside it's 60 degrees here feels so
cold I feel like such a baby we're
wearing a jacket we're gonna food truck
Friday tomorrow probably I would have to
guess not but I don't know got Jen out
here how are we doing are we good
babysitters little guy that's our third
child
what's up son I'm just kidding we got
friends right here what happened to the
hoop house Jen feeling painful and Jen
oh the streams lagging how you feeling
today
big baby what's up Ariel stars
interesting their first light a video
there's one thing that Jen's
told me a lot that you haven't blogged
about you've had a lot of like acid
reflux oh yeah that's what I meant to
mention the other day my 25 week update
I'm getting asked to reflux so baby's
hairs growing so yeah yeah Wow okay I
don't like it here cuz all of our kids
have been born with hair yeah no what
kind of lost is PJ kept all hers yeah
uh-huh oh I hear some screaming I'm
gonna stay out here right now for kids
uh yeah things are going well 25 weeks
we are already like a mullet feels like
we're in the homestretch cuz I feel like
it will come up on us very quickly and
we gotta start planning out the nursery
I guess we're gonna get another crib so
we'll have two cribs and we need to get
another dresser we kind of go with the
IKEA it's nice at last a long time and
it's pretty cheap don't blink don't
blink okay my first live video what the
wait they start from the beginning
what's up Aramis Gayle okay what's up
homie whoa dude when did you start doing
this David are you showing off no wha
Shay carefully you don't have a helmet
on
uh oh there you go gotta be good
babysitting your mom might see this
later
nice did he just hit a baseball
it's yeah guys I might do live streaming
on my twitch tonight I went to a
documentary last night though with my
cousins why are they saying four kids
because we have four kids here and yeah
clickbait clickbait clickbait no you're
only gonna have three right now
I went to a cycling documentary called
mammal men middle-aged men in lycra
it's about middle-aged men that cycle
were in their spandex that made me want
to like start cycling a lot I have a
nice pretty decent bike like a hybrid
but I don't I've been running the past
couple days and stuff I just don't like
it it doesn't feel good like I feel good
after but like I feel like it's bad on
my knees maybe I should just go to the
trails I know we've got four kids
tonight we'll eat we've got a food truck
Friday what are we doing tomorrow night
we're gonna Konami and Jen Saturday
afternoon are going to a baseball game
together very relaxing this going to
events like that is so fun but it'll be
nice to go get that so pack I took my
took my dad yesterday no I was trying to
push someone else it skippered my dad
said he's gonna try and get a six-pack
he said well actually can it be a four
pack I said no it can't be a six that's
not a six pack it's like what about a
two pack I was like dad that's not a six
pack so well our kid Noah is happy time
sharing PJ were you at peppa pig go
nationals
what's that pepper um the kids are fed
Jenna I haven't eaten yet we got to eat
something
what are you guys up to you though
tonight what is it say Thursday Thursday
what do you guys doing
hey I want to be fluent if someone else
has that they said they watched a video
from the past when Noah was born like
teaching our kids Spanish and I've tried
to teach Noah some words but he doesn't
have like a lot of interest in it like
Jen would have to start singing or
speaking it with me family dinner every
Thursday is that like with your extended
family or just homework how do you think
your Hawk season will end up I don't
think I'll end up that well well I
people are like hoping they're bad I
feel like so we get a better pick all
the in-laws that's cool this is my first
vid stream I've watched in over a year
so much has changed it's crazy for real
honestly like we life's been moving
really fast cleaning and organizing
negative 35 here in Canada is that
negative 35 Fahrenheit that's so cold
it's crazy that 60 here just after being
so hot does feel freezing but when it's
cold and it hit 60 you're like ooh this
feels warm but here if it's cold two
weeks of midterms relaxing dinner now
and just relaxing that's cool how did
midterms go when you guys released new
merch I'd like to do some sorry I'm like
feel like I'm really close to the camera
trying to read everything learning
Japanese no let me go let me get another
angle that's sweet we need to get like a
blower for all this stuff to collect it
or rake probably a rake I think we could
borrow Elliot's or maybe
whoa okay let's see maybe hey Noah try
putting your foot so you're putting your
foot way in the back try putting it more
like in the middle or okay all I know
it's way too cold in the Netherlands hi
Sydney whoa good job that was good now
start back I don't know if they saw the
cheer start back are you are you done
Livia come watch I just did something a
bud
usually just stares I mean he's a good
kid yeah like he'll just like oh yeah so
we went out to breakfast or lunch with
some of my cousins from California and
we had seen him in a while
they said that PJ now reminded them a
lot of Noah when we Annette went out to
lunch once because PJ is kind of crazy
guys is that normal like to almost to
wild self and this like does not want to
sit still
etc and Noah's really like that and
we're like okay okay just got to get to
like three and a half better behavior
because PJ is she's a handful guess she
is a handful extra emotional - what do
you guys want to watch something what's
this
Umizoomi which one has purple wings No
then how to make mangu probably the
Dominican restaurant we found has mangu
did he poop I love you come over here so
we don't get any let me know when you're
done okay I don't want to catch any of
the the poop ah
let's talk until Jen's done what's the
girl's name was Olivia ever come to
Canada yeah yeah yeah that's sort of so
we set from uriens there so the girl
Noah kissed uh I think when we first
moved - yes I think so let's see
visit Houston Boat Show baby bump I'll
show again he's you go to the dr one day
on vacation we would definitely go right
now like this month but the there's the
risk of like Zika virus I don't think we
would get it but we just don't want to
risk it baby name reveal soon yeah for
sure we're gonna do a video I talked to
Jenn we're gonna write a bunch of the
names that we like down and share with
you guys and we won't say which name we
like the most or which names and then
you guys can just kind of like guess and
share your opinion although I don't
think we'll be swayed if one name is not
like so thoughts I'm Yankees destroying
the Cubs in the World Series this here
huh it's impossible we got to the World
Series again I'd be happy we don't want
to get this read but how many kids do I
want right now only three will evaluate
guys that's a lot a lot of kids real
fast do we have a name we have a name
Jenna and I have a name that we both
really like that we've agreed
is it for sure final not yet Winter
Olympics USA won the women's hockey will
this be your last if I had to guess I
would say no but we'll see how you know
mentally health-wise having a babies no
joke
for a woman supporting financially but
if I had to guess I would say there's
like a there could be like a big gap and
then like one last one I don't know
we'll see show the kids I was hanging
out with the room but Jenna's changing a
diaper right now so not a good time but
in like a couple minutes as soon as I
get the go-ahead
how do you deal with stress that's a
good question I was thinking about that
today cuz I was like dang I kind of like
certain things definitely give me stress
and I try to relax like before bed go to
bed like not feeling stressed I've
noticed like when I was at the
documentary last night I was like I feel
so relaxed so I think anything that can
make you kind of escape is that bad I
love my reality but it just feels good
like books sometimes movies TV shows and
spending time I think like Saturday when
Jen and I go on our little date together
that'll be really relaxing the kids are
doing great PJ's been doing a lot better
are you as been in the same hospital as
before no because we've moved to Arizona
so we'll actually be in the same
hospital I think that Monica and Elliot
were in which is really nice can you do
videos more in depth about your mission
I know it was for your church but those
were of us who don't know much about the
Mormon faith yeah I could could do
something like that maybe that kind of
Sunday or something I'd like a bunch of
photos and videos well
if Jen's done favorite youtuber right
now Sean have in silence oh we're good
what is that a hugger
or a tackle yeah he's playing something
where would you live next we want to
live here guys we were looking at a
place to buy a house
oh they wanted to see your bum or
someone Sunday I think they just got
here a lot yeah moving a lot yesterday
and last night
like kicking whenever you laid out yep
saying our count is 30 right now got a
lot of receipts and medicine we had DJ
on this in a in a biotic oh the caps are
moving on
that's scary luckily it's high out of
reach still it's she's actually doing a
better anything don't you think a lot
better than yesterday for the first time
she doesn't seem like she's like sick
yes I mean like Jen needs a heracleo I
stepped in that yeah we uh we clean up
every day but then it's just like it
Sears Sears morning hits I mean we got
you know no his backpack from school
today markers the Hat sweater his wallet
you know I think things just pile up
quickly but yeah we could always do
better
Jenny rock star I'm 16 weeks with my
second and get exhausted
I feel like you're like more powerful
than ever
no this time I'm Way more tired I'm
taking up almost every day it's great
it's fair to show the watch right now
I'm actually I've been watching
nine-one-one seen that okay where it's
like no name no it's called 9-1-1 and
like they call in and it's like the
operator and it's the girl from the lady
from nashville no it's not real yeah
from Nashville anyway I really like her
so I've been trying out the show I don't
know I've watched a few episodes and I
was watching the resident but the
residents kind of a little too cheesy I
don't know I'm still I'm watching a
little bit of it and I'm watching
BJ's a sensitive soul right now I was an
avid Grey's Anatomy fan watched it a lot
and then I just I couldn't keep up
couldn't keep up I am behind on the
sucess I'm still in season one of this
is s I haven't gotten hook line & sinker
into that one yet like everyone makes me
cry and I don't feel like crying all the
time I know it's an amazing show and the
actors are amazing in that show kids are
taking pictures each other I watched a
couple episodes like a doctor I didn't
love it I liked it I don't know it was
alright I think I need to give it
another chance
let's see sorry maybe race I haven't so
amazing race in a very long time
let's see you guys are nice hi from
Hawaii Hawaii it's Paris trip for two
weeks we are so behind on Survivor I
started that's one season is this most
recent oh yeah because our Sam's
cousin's wife one hurt her cousin one
the cowboy guy that Sam's cousin's
cousin hi for Mississippi ray hi from
Scotland guys so cool hi from New York
wow these are all over it right now
that's so cool
yeah what are my kids favorite TV shows
are Bubble Guppies number one fave right
now we just DVR all the episodes um
paw Patrol top wing and shimmer and
China's are probably like their
favorites um they'd probably watch more
Disney Channel but we don't have decent
chance let's see - Morocco that's so
cool um what we have four children on
our house right now because we are
babysitting currently for our friend we
do like a switch every month so one week
and she takes my kids for a couple hours
so today when I can one date and then
the next weekend I take her kids for a
couple hours so then you don't have to
always pay for a babysitter it's kind of
Awesome
so they're out to dinner correctly your
parents I'm from Phoenix hello I've
already tired I took a nap today guys
speak Spanish Jenn I don't speak Spanish
I wish hola como estas okay but do you
miss that
so I wasn't nobody misses out Illinois
yeah oh no their comments are going too
fast
simplices parents good boy ain't
cravings yes my number-one craving this
pregnancy I drink a little but if you
had a cactus cooler do you like orange
soda
get yourself a cactus cooler because
they're so good what's for dinner
tonight I still don't know I just fed
all the kids Dino nuggets that was easy
and that's the one I need a pharaoh what
we want to eat for dinner usually I do
just one dinner but with certain
circumstances we just kind of change
things up a bit I studied art Sam
studied business in college some want to
know when she saw something she has to
finish it bang bang yeah so she's not
starting something just so she'll be
responsible if I were you and I wasn't
sure I'd be like oh yeah but it's also
you know like you need a little breather
after each project you do know that once
that yours is in my backup we get her a
little guy from my backpack Oh is your
good um many good books I've been
reading I just started a new book but
and it's it's a it's a really good
storyline but there's been some
inappropriate scenes that I'm like why
did you throw in the book with that I'm
fine if there's like like romance but
sometimes I take a little too far but
it's like about witches and stuff it was
really cool series I can't really it's
called uprooted I want to say
in there oh no it's in her bed do you
beg sorry operated I think is what I'm
reading or no but something something by
someone know that you gave me no back I
don't know I've never read a book from
her but it had great reviews so I was to
try it
I can't from my Kindle it was just here
oh there it is yes there's so many good
stories with a ruining with too much of
that stuff and I'm fine with like
kissing but when they like when there's
a few too many descriptive words I'm
like damn it so I don't know if I'll
read another one from her it's called
uprooted but there's been two scenes
that I have don't approve of anyway I
read let's see
I haven't finished so I read throne of
glass series I haven't read the newest
one yet so I'm gonna read that one soon
people were saying that yeah there's
there's a couple one here I don't know I
need some books
I'm gonna read oh this girl it might
just be at my church she read this book
called cinder she really likes that I'm
gonna try to read that one yeah let's go
play upstairs okay
we don't want to just not at dinner and
everything said we don't want to just
lost even gonna play upstairs Jen you
read any dystopian theme books she does
what's your favorite dystopian theme
book well my all-time favorite would be
divergent but we're going upstairs yeah
we gotta go PJ baby
how does portal is there compared to
Chicago it's exactly the same I think
don't you I think it's the same I think
it tastes exactly the same um I've heard
that the ones in Chicago are nearly the
same but I think the one here is the
same poor little monkey because you
spoil her you would not believe how many
times I put that girl to timeout you
would not believe I think that's the
thing like you don't see on the blogs
disciplinary as much maybe you do I
don't know oh that girls in timeout like
24/7 and then she behaves better but
she's very she's you know she's she's
all me too I love her she's my girl hi
buddy let's go play ups you want to go
play upstairs well we're gonna go play
with them the Brandon aquiline you can
send her to me I can't I love her too
much to send her away
no it's a it's a good thing kids sleep
at night so you can hit sometimes so you
can hit reset she says that just at the
age yeah that's what I was saying before
is that we're out with our cousins night
Oh PJs just like Noah was at that age
and now
was behaving and being nice like holding
he was having a conversation telling him
about a school day etc I was just part
of it we were talking about how like if
you could don't get me wrong I love the
baby face to me now is like awesome
babies do like nothing
the one-and-a-half to like three to me
has it seems like the hardest so it
would be nice if he could just skip that
and go straight to three that's we were
talking about with our cousins heard
they were saying I was like yeah that'd
be really cool but then you'd miss out
on all the all those precious moments
and also all the struggle I was never so
sad when my son stopped napping missed
the reset button yeah
and luckily so I'm usually here in p/j
naps and I've been making sure that I
can help out with anything so Jen can
rest you I think if I wasn't here at the
house and on days where I'm not know was
really good to just sit next to her and
do an activity so she can close her eyes
for a couple of minutes anyways
all right guys it's time to play thank
you guys for hanging out with us look at
this that just happened
I'm going to help babysit Oh
now so maybe I'll make dinner for me
engine let's see people I said a
teenager there's other worse teeth yeah
I could see it I could see that but I
feel like I can't imagine teenagers
being harder than like the beginning
years I understand that's probably not a
debate can you film when you make dinner
right now live-streaming I don't know
what I'm gonna make it it is harder
someone said it's harder probably a
different kind of hard right it's all
hard just being a parent in general
right even once your kids get older I
think about like my parents and like
when we were like meat like cuz you get
meaner the older you get I feel like
when a toddlers says something to you
they're just a little kid when if I said
something to my mom were dead that was
mean that's like really mean you know
that has to hurt more that would be
really hard
the other great pants thank you thank
you thank you
honestly this is the easiest time Wow
has anyone ever told you that you
resemble deep for the
bachelor/bachelorette yes the funny time
is last time i retweeted something about
that someone was like getting mad at me
not mad at me if it was like like you da
what I don't know why I was like I don't
say that I went to church the first day
and there were like six people in a
group that kept saying that is it hard
being parents is it hard being parents
with wait is it hard being parent with
those kids oh yeah
know that I don't think being a parent
does that hurt anymore I think the
initial when we first became parents was
a lot harder because you go from like
being really selfish and about yourself
to then giving up everything almost and
now it's like trying to find that
balance because you do need to have time
for yourself you know
nah we love our kids so much wouldn't
have it any other way guys would not
have it any other way
Jamie I finally caught a live stream on
the computer on iPad iPhone you can't
comment yes you can I see your comments
you remember Trevor and Karen they gave
you a shot like four years ago
I do remember them they were Facebook
friends and stuff I think it was Karen's
birthday the other day I think you grow
and mature these kid for sure and you
get more tired the aging is real guys
now I feel I feel good going into this
next one if so when are you doing a name
reveal yeah we will
I like I said we're gonna post a video
very soon where we discussed like the
names we like and then you guys can like
joke around yes Avery I remember you I
told your mum be from like this has been
going for four years and I know you're
one of the ear originals how often do we
spend time with family a lot of family
time a lot how do I think PJ will handle
the new baby I think she'll do well I'm
sure there will be some the sainted
third child artist
I've heard that too i I think PJ will be
more helpful than we realized what's up
with Lizbeth favorite hot sauce is
actually flavorful and not just hot I
like the zombie apocalypse but it's
really hot but I actually like the
flavor I've noticed that I like habanero
hot sauce is I liked the dirty dicks it
was like fruity a little wild I actually
heard everything after this we kids
about the same I think the hardest thing
about after two kids is like when we go
places
because then you're like you know
watching a lot but to me now the baby
phase is like really easy I obviously
don't breastfeed but they don't move so
I think the moving difference when
you're like out and stuff except does
your baby number three
our guys like use you boy girl boy you
got me hooked on hot ones hot ones are
so fun I need to watch the latest ones
all right guys 30 minutes livestream
things are getting crazy I'm gonna go
play and hope you guys had fun watching
this I always enjoy it I know it's not
maybe as high of quality or anything but
I just enjoy the interaction and I
appreciate you guys and how nice you are
and hope you guys enjoy as well Lauren
what's up I'm ending and hi everybody
say bye peace day spider-man we got
peppa pig spider-man oh look at this guy
Minnie Mouse
what do you need with Minnie Mouse well
you guys are way more entertaining than
me way more entertaining by Jen can I
come in all right Jen bye kids bye
what a fun nice guys real it doesn't get
it does not get much better that is a
mess that I will welcome and then they
can clean up all right I'm gonna go make
dinner fish
