well since I updated Twitter about me
having some contractions they stopped so
I'm not updating Twitter until I'm in
the hospital I don't know I mean I hope
there's some progress because that will
be a little disappointing it's not right
I bet there's something I really hope so
I'm no doctor but my prediction is that
there was some hey guys we just went and
had some dinner and now we are where we
Noah
oh look we're with dad I'm not there's
no mountains like this yeah cuz no
mountains it's no snow-capped mountains
there's something that I wanted to
capture earlier this winter looks
beautiful already does it what's that
mean wow it's going so fun for you oh
it's like over the highway now huh oh
where you go
oh no no just a little bit ago got back
from toddler time
are you going to throw it to you like a
baseball
good job to make everything into a sport
one throw it again he looked so bad last
night as you can tell from my purple
eyes actually I have those every day and
I feel like the sun's like tanning me
here then I said like feeling really
crampy while I was there like chasing
after Noah he didn't he only hit one
little boy which was a success in my
eyes because there are a lot of kids
there today a lot of kids so I felt so
bad but luckily a little boys mom was so
so so nice
cuz you worry sometimes the mom
sometimes when their kid hits another
kid the mom isn't and I systematic but
luckily she was really nice so I
appreciated that because I always feel
so bad it's just like she was saying
she's like it's just a lot of
stimulation don't worry about it and
it's true when there's so many kids in
one place they're so stimulated and they
get so hyper off of each other's energy
and they all just go crazy but Titan was
really fun today they did it differently
this time instead of little stations in
one room which was awesome so they could
just like go to whatever station they
wanted to so I thought that was great
and kept Noah's attention a lot longer
than talk to him normally does I think
you know reading a book anyway I started
feeling pretty crummy while he was on
the jungle gym I think part of it I'm
hungry and part of it was just like just
started feeling really yucky and it's
still going on so it was really funny in
the car ride home my mom calls like are
you labor and I was like I don't think
so but I was just thinking I might be
well my intuition isn't always on spot
but I just feel like I needed to call
you to see if you were in labor and I
was like mom that's so funny anyway
Apple Oh an apple to try the caterpillar
book show me how many strawberries can
you count them one
two three four four strawberries
yeah if I just hurt those plums so we're
gonna read some stories and I'm gonna
see if these pains pick up or decrease
my appointment is today but until 4:00
yes that is an apple good that's Apple
this dude is so determined to skateboard
by himself like just keeps trying he's
done the splits he's falling off it good
thing he has that helmet on bb-8 is
protecting him ready okay now pedal oh
so it's going all right but it's just
crazy how much determination and the
tenacity everything that he has I'm not
being Twitter until him in the hospital
people like getting too excited right
like I said specifically that he had an
appointment today right you do and you
know he felt contractions all right
yeah and I like I have a walking around
Noah and stuff and so now I can't feel
yucky again but not that's not that like
I'm not like yelling out in pain and
it's not consistent so I don't know I'm
gonna hope there's some progress because
that will be a little disappointing all
right I bet there's some I really hope
so I'm no doctor but my prediction is
that there was some I mean standing on
my feet and walking around CVX all
weekend and having no progress would
just be like surprising to me so we'll
see I'm on my way right now say I'm
gonna drop me off and then go hit up
Tyler and do something with Noah to get
him out of the house it's actually kind
of warm out right now high 46
okay
Tyler's with us now - I'm gonna go ride
yeah hop on show us how it's done let's
see hey nice dude nice sounds good hi oh
oh really yeah hurts so bad probably
push me do me oh gosh good dad so yeah
this is a little progress but I mean he
didn't seem like he wasn't like Oh see
you soon no I mean I have an appointment
for next week oh boy but he's like you
know maybe this check will get
contractions going but
not see you next week you're saying
after next week we'll see where I'm at
then scheduled induction for a week
later like so it'd be 41 weeks yeah just
like well he said he's like well how do
you feel about like going over and I'm
like it's fine like I went over with no
I'm gonna the front just to go on my own
before he says okay so if I don't go on
my own next week well you want
everything through the weekend
you wanna you want everything to be
healthy right let's not force anything
you know yeah obviously like she's
healthy right now but you never want to
like put anyone it right so he said next
week I don't think you'll go a week over
no we won't be a week he doesn't induced
me like that Monday that next Monday I
turned the camera on me but I'm driving
so I'm just had my elbow up with no I
feel like there wasn't any progress
until very close to his due date right
so I don't think it over
no I know I hope I don't go over
okay I mean I was never this far with no
either
I only ever said one and I'm working at
a three so something you never know oh
hi hi people have stayed at like four
per week okay time to read a book before
bed one apple count the 1 1 2 pairs 1 2
3 plums
cut the plums 1 1 2 3 there you go
that's a good night to everyone Noah oh
yeah do a caterpillar yeah okay let's
put this kind of bed
no can you can you kneel for purse can
you kneel for bears running kneel for
prayer cats meow I think session
packages for baby Penelope first one is
from my cousin Jamie oh the best baby
booties there are on her so did she make
these yeah I'm pretty sure she may miss
me washed and dried that machine and
ain't nobody got time for hand washing
you ready to see these I may have peaked
already can I just couldn't help myself
look duck feet
they're so good look at that
they're so cute that's like those
details I know it smells really good
that's amazing
Thank You Jamie Thank You Jamie my
little baby girl
well that's gonna route babe no I just
the card dear Simek wait first first
first oh this is painted by our niece
Darby well I don't know that hard yeah
it's on the back of here oh this is
painted by Burt are a derby so my niece
did that painted it yeah happy baby
a few notes on what I sent
this is when you know people are like
great people and great moms and whatever
uh-huh
she said that these booties could be how
they can be washed and dried and
Christie's saying the same thing with
some of this gray I don't know
so amazing first you sent us quite a few
co and Christian post a vlog today that
we weren't on yet I think it was this
stuff you what it is oh by the way these
are all made by her oh it's soft yeah
take that to the hospital
oh she might have to wear that in the
hospital foreheads small enough little
beauties Oh purple strings
oh those are cute I saw a picture of
these on her Instagram was like oh those
are cute I wonder if they're for PJ time
does it take today every one of these
objects Christine oh my gosh look at
those oh they're so cute
oh she made a blanket oh wow I love that
I was like oh my god it smells too but
Maddie's house smell I smell a hotel
yard art took a yarn store wow that is
beautiful
Wow Kristy that's so pretty love it love
that nice oh this is her friend shoe
company oh yeah oh this is these are the
shoes that were on her on hers the
picture of her thumbnail oh my gosh
those are so cute
what size they are oh five those are so
cute although therefore no I think this
reading she said that me fella
she says Big Brother slippers for him
I love those or he's gonna hate him I
don't know if he'll he has never felt
that yarn texture on Oh cute yes very
cute sandals oh and there's something
for know oh man
she said the face masks she dressed up
as ray look at that storage mask and
Pippa just put that to baka went on
storage oh he's gonna love it and
there's a bb-8 one and there's some bb-8
ones this when he makes it
good morning Noah glad bb-8 and some
stickers look at that wow he's gonna
love that one we just want a skateboard
we should start your group stickers we
took them out try to skateboard and
that's all I wanted for like this escape
or do you know you couldn't really yeah
I just wonder how much do all of that
well you can text your sister nods
thank you seriously I'm so cute moment
it's a pretty cute excited thanks
Christy and Jamie
everything's so cute and soft and little
now let's just get this baby out of my
body so she can yeah where are these
things Jenny wants keeps telling me to
unleash the tricks up my sleeve
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood wait wait I'm just
saying like I've been having a few
contractions this evening but nothing
like to say I'm one into labor so I'm
like okay let's have a baby on the last
day of our time is it although it works
there's no way you're gonna go a week
over I don't think these guys know
jinxing it no I'm just saying let's just
get this baby out now and something is
holding him back and I need to figure
out what's holding him back what's
holding you back
oh yeah you said you don't want a march
baby I've changed my mind last time with
Noah
we were already trying to tricks up the
sleeves and this week
