hi oh yeah attaching the burner on
remember yeah yeah that's nuts no no
thank you hey you so my good people when
you have a baby there are
responsibilities some for mother some
for father in the first couple weeks
it's actually really hard to have like a
good meal you find yourself eating out a
lot buying things sometimes there's
those good Samaritans that bring over a
meal and you're like I love you you're
amazing but I'm going to try something
else out today that I think might be a
huge help on the babies here didn't I
always love using our crock-pot slow
cooker we've done like chicken you just
put salt on it it's delicious different
recipes this one is a new one that we're
trying today let's see you can you see
what it says there lemon herb chicken
okay now there's let's see there's
actually a picture what its gonna look
like right there I believed a home
cooked it's like a couple months ago
didn't get an invite thanks day huh so
I'm gonna cook it myself today because
the good people at the crockpot brand
was like yo you want to try this out and
I was like yes please I think this will
be the perfect thing when the baby's
here so there's two different options on
how you can cook it there's like four
hours or eight hours I always the slow
cooking extra slow i should say eight
hours this was actually shipped to our
front door in a Styrofoam container it
had dry ice in it which is actually
pretty cool it reminds me of my Cub
Scout Boy Scout days those little
Halloween parties you'd go to and inside
I'm unboxing this right now okay we have
green beans some beautiful rice and
chicken which appears to be marinated
already so on the instructions it says
that i should put to the vegetables in
the fridge and then i'm gonna throw this
in the slow cooker cook it this is all
going to take like a couple minutes tops
and then by tonight I'll have a
delicious meal waiting for us kind of
makes me look like the best husband in
the world and the best cook so we also
love our new fridge baby dr. pepper and
then literally all I have to do
is open this i think i need to add water
to I've actually never cooked this
before it says add poor and crafts but
slow cooker add one cup of cold water
this is raw chicken so I need to be
careful with my hands and then it
actually smells really good already one
cup of water then i'm going to select
eight hours hello put the lid on and i'm
ready to go i put the other vegetables
in the fridge and then it says 30
minutes prior to serving I just need to
take those out remove lid stir open
Metro pouch place the stuff in there for
30 minutes cook on high I'll be ready to
go best chef in the world that was
exactly about one minute of prep time
then adding the other vegetables will
probably another minute plating it
that's like 2-3 minutes total for this
entire meal so stay tuned because we'll
eat our meal later I'll show you
everything and do an honest taste test
you guys know how we like to film our
food pretty excited oh yes I just made
dinner already
hi it's in your hand what do you have
let's torch elbow that's Winston storch
somehow mixed up toys this past weekend
anyway um hey you're nice and cute now
since you said you never saw my tweets
but some of you may have not been my all
day um so my tweets that here's a bit of
a naughty man today we kind of naughty
this morning we kind of a not good boy
this morning you're much better now
though huh but he was having a fussy day
morning here was like okay let's just go
to with the worms he was a good helper
this morning and help me start pjs
dresser yeah but then that kind of got
better oh that's good something else go
get your shoes go get your sneakers
we're gonna go to the animals okay so I
was like okay that's little whore huh
here's to the laws of energy today a lot
of energy today I don't know where this
all came from I think it's because he's
been cooped up because the snow he just
wants to get outside and he can't get
her cell but that were the worms he was
the kid that uh what's hitting all the
other kids unfortunately you wouldn't
guess it by looking at this huh you
wouldn't get it yes yes hmm oh yeah a
vast or turn her shirt huh gay yes
torching you're handing I've got about
ten store children
ground over there too we're gonna go see
the animals okay hey I rest it with me
anyway it was a it was an interesting
morning because my hormones i would you
just like to have the segment to
yourself there you go okay we'll just
talk to everyone okay what would you say
said hi hi say how's it going hey I'm
Noah you say I have lots of energy hey
and I like to have a fun oh I love
storch do you love storch hey yes oh
sorry say i wish the sun was out so I
could play outside yeah hey you know
we're gonna go see the animals instead
hey yes you look so big right now he
knows where the cats are
here they are huh hey hi Katie we got
some new caps I'm gonna spread out easy
hi get your bag yeah you can't like a
big boy good job kirkland let me see let
me see the tricks here's my I'm gonna
spin do 180 ready good job now this time
I'm gonna jump from my hands in the air
we are jumping right in the next ring my
next trick here it is oh haha next ready
don't scuff up my walls whoa is it the
next trick sleepy time good job yeah
that was great oh I've out here knuckles
beautiful smells delicious all right so
it's dinner time we just added the
ingredients 30 minutes before dinnertime
so that I could cook up get all together
stirred it up made it all nice and
pretty know what take a big bite how is
it can you take a big bite how is it big
bite yummy yummy do you like it oh yes
how's yours I haven't taken a bite yet
good actually really like it I was just
pleading mine making it look all nice I
actually got some avocado that i'm
adding cuz i like to eat avocado with
rice I'm not doing so hot yeah I think
no oh yum and he knows better with this
food taste test first by another first
bite without avocado gotta get the full
taste master chefs down mm-hmm has more
flavor than I thought hmmm a show oh
there's good jack as this is first time
ever angry means mm-hmm you're there
can't you swim that huh but you so like
him huh you love chicken and rice yeah
yeah I don't know what you're saying but
I completely agree mom is beautiful if
you guys want to try this out there's
actually a link in the description you
can go check out crock-pot cuisine we
have a special deal if you click on the
link it will be connected automatically
if you buy two meals you'll get ten
dollars off those meals if you get more
than two meals and get to on dollars up
that too this is the first one that I've
tried it's very good super easy I'm
definitely gonna buy more stock up
probably get like five or six boxes of
different ones and then just have them
in the freezer ready to go on those
tough days and we have fun i'll be here
and it's just like you know having a
baby's tough it is and mom doesn't like
to cook always before or after baby you
have anything else you wanna say yeah
water with ice oh yeah
so if you guys want to try it out you
can get ten dollars off an order of two
meals or more just click on the link in
the description it'll add it
automatically to your order I really
enjoy it now we need it with some
avocado as well am i doing up with da a
boy in tampa when provecho ah just got
back from my basketball I've been
feeling that Jen's building stuff
hi what you stress away from me you mean
tell power yes yeah no no I helped me
out this morning what I don't I've only
just put it together so I Penelope is
the key can you see a movie yeah uh no
yeah he stole it I know mira mira este
baile a grander than an M&M ant ant ant
ant women less of that tomorrow Jen you
have another appointment so I would be
your 39 week appointment right 39 weeks
you're 39 weeks right now oh man we were
just saying that like soon we're just
like laying here cuddling and I was like
soon we're gonna have like another
little person laying here next to us
homewares I feel like she is so big I
saw she's gonna be over eight pounds
she's just hidden look there she's like
just everywhere I just I don't you don't
I don't know it's weird you seem smaller
now than you were with Noah I agree but
I think she's I don't remember it that
well and and like your tummy has gotten
bigger lately like in the past week but
honestly my lower back like I feel
there's so much in my back really that's
so weird she's like in your back yeah
like I feel her so much like that's why
I lower back is awesome and so much pain
I feel they're all the way down here
yeah well I won't show where you feel
her but yeah
big oh man 1919 39 week appointment
tomorrow I think you're a little over
the minute it's probably like 39 weeks
in a day and then I called and I meant
to have this scheduled for when we did
the surprise baby shower but they
couldn't fit her in the direct time slot
I set up a prenatal mature it's called
pregnancy massage or an outside and
Jen's gonna go on friday and go into
this think tomorrow will find out and
then hopefully like friday kind of like
sets you up you feel good it's a good
rip next week my mom comes holy cow next
week is her due date yeah what if your
mom's here for a week and then she
doesn't come nothing because they
induced our friend a week after yeah but
no was only two days over and is she
gonna here with your second plus I have
a couple tricks up my sleeve should I
rinse tomorrow like I don't know oh gosh
I can't wait to eat it too much to do I
carry to meet her I can't wait either
but we have a lot to do still we're
always gonna feel that way you feel like
wait for the rest of your life and then
yeah I mean your car she's not even in
the car let's put it in come on let's do
it tomorrow go clean the car yeah
tomorrow gonna clean the car out from
our trip and put the car seat in and
I'll see you guys then come help us two
car seats in the car oh I know it's been
acting different again and we both kind
of feel like he knows it's getting very
attached lately and you kind of acts
like more like a baby sometimes just
like to get our attention but I'll have
a good time it would be a good
transition I'm already planning really
fun things for me and him to do and then
we'll make sure you do fun things
together to and we'll do stuff together
even though like I've had to do a lot of
discipline lately we have extra cuddles
like we cuddle on a couch and we had
cuddles tonight and I've been making
sure to give him lots of hugs I said
tonight I don't know if he understand
the motion and pain and he's very
confuse it but then when I was kind of
crying
he came up and started rubbing my back
yeah it was true OCS mouth can reach if
you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood oh I just
got a text from my friend Liz and it
really caught me off guard today in
Tyler send me hate all right after two I
didn't have my phone for like 20 minutes
and I came back to it and soon after
just found myself my in my face my hands
and just weeping just crying I don't I
really don't cry often like since Jen
and I have been married she always jokes
about it that I've probably cried like
3-4 times and this could be the fifth
and it's because our good friend Chris
passed away today Chris was one of the
best people that I've ever seen on the
internet when the most supportive people
he was a friend to so many and you can
already see how many lives he's affected
just by the tweets and people thinking
about him today I can't remember a time
where Chris wasn't watching our vlogs we
share the same birthday May tenth he
even gave me a Chipotle gift card for my
birthday one year I remember one time I
was in the tricks in store and he
ordered something and I saw his name
there and I was like okay I gotta get
him back so I wanted got a gift card and
stuck it in his envelope so he could
have a present on his birthday too and
he just cash he was just fully
supportive of so many bloggers so many
people that watch vloggers just anyone
involved in YouTube he was there for
them I was streaming on Twitch just a
couple days ago and we were talking we
were chatting and just catching up and
just like that
really makes you appreciate every day I
think I'm extra emotional because we're
expecting someone to enter our lives in
but it's really sad I don't know if
there's youtube in heaven but Chris we
love you man thank you for everything
you did for so many people especially us
