oh my god cry today is March 28th and it
snowed outside it's actually snowing
right now
I don't know if you guys can see it hold
on understand still my eyes twitching
like crazy it hasn't stopped for like
the past hour hold on money trying keep
it still you see that I usually only
happens when I'm like super stressed out
which I don't really feel I don't really
feel stressed out there's so much to do
I feel that stressed out plus time it
really hit me like a night switch like
that I was taking computer science
classes like three years ago and I just
had like these huge projects and I was
staring at the computer working on them
and coding and it was just like always
like buh buh buh buh buh I do it turned
up hopefully it goes away actually I
could sleep last night good morning
friend oh this morning has been very
relaxed and nice knowa husband very
happy and has not tried to escape the
house he's happy to be home I asked him
know what okay he's distracted dancing
it was such a fun weekend there's
nothing quite like your own bed
you don't mean like traveling is so fun
but then you have that first night back
home and you're like okay it's good to
be home this kid got some play-doh from
the Easter Bunny huh it's a blue that
blue he got blue and orange play-doh
from the Easter Bunny and I told him
last night that we play with it today
and so Sam went to go help unload the
trailer with all the boys and then he'll
be back later it's a no makeup don't
even brush your hair day for us huh look
I was kind of worried that he was still
too young for play-doh but we played
with that taller time and he loved it it
says for two-year-old so I'm like he's
almost two maybe we'll try it and I
think so far so good yeah yeah mom's
gonna play that one too want me to play
with some play-doh okay what are you
gonna build
it matches your shirt and he just likes
the texture pushing it around like this
was just open and you can tell it's like
so fresh and squishy although I hate the
smell of play-doh not gonna lie but so
squishy
you go Sam a little play-doh montage for
you just had some fun music now see if I
can build up horse or something to build
an animal huh yeah wish I built
I'm gonna build a horse cuz my worst
class in school was 3d art and that's
like building things with your hands and
obviously that 3d terrible I'm still
terrible at it
like my dinosaur ah
it's terrible died you like your daddy
to her oh well she's she's who's she
there's no mouth yeah I shouldn't have
put even ears mouth no not your mouth
it's yucky
does it taste very good well trust me
truck made in a pitcher would you get
two small eggs so many eggs are yummy
look guys accidentally made a garlic
clove thing doesn't kind of get garlic
look what you make that's okay yep
beautiful color sir look at this what is
going on what is the snow why Wow
so I'd say no I had a pretty good Easter
we had a really fun day he cut an Easter
basket from Santa practically before we
let the Easter Bunny told us that we
were have an Easter egg hunt and then we
came home or like where was it so he
actually set it up today and now we're
gonna go hunt for eggs did you know what
to do like sure
show me your storage basket okay on your
mark get set go okay go you can go you
can go let's go look you see an egg you
gotta put in your basket you see any
what put it in your basket put it in
your storage basket okay put them all in
your basket
yeah I think I see one that's a little
too high for you maybe to see the Easter
Bunny thinks you're taller than you
really are
okay let's go get the other ones she
thinks superheroes - oh right where you
get your favorite stuff the ice with it
okay let's keep looking around it's
actually the perfect activity first
snowy day I'm actually glad the Easter
Bunny forgot to lay them out before
leaving for CVX live because I think
they somebody was there oh yes I saw the
Easter Bunny there was just boom can you
see any others good job dude good job
okay if there's any you can't reach you
just show me no grab him for you do you
see any by like the basketball hoop he's
in pretty good actually I don't know why
we're even helping him what about behind
you no what no what look what's that oh
oh you god yeah you gotta jump up and
get it can you say please say please dad
no not cheese please dad please dad okay
what do you say do you say thank you
okay game yeah 5 you're doing so good to
you dang looks like the Easter Bunny
spilled all over the stairs you can put
them in your basket you don't have to
hold them all on your hand do you want
mommy to hold your basket and then you
just take them to her just do this like
every day ain't called the Easter Bunny
just on a scavenger hunt every day and
then there's like activities for each
day in the egg I found one these are
bunnies like I'm the dangerous head
probably got the monetary huh oh good
well thanks for one kid get it thank you
so no check go to your bathroom go to
your bathroom the bathroom pass take you
missed it do we get them all okay should
we go see what's inside these are pretty
awesome though yeah there's a girl
superhero
I think dude superheroes remember those
yes dear that is did you look okay what
is this our first dating Easter and I
put them in your basket right yeah oh
okay I saved um I saved all this stuff
from dating gosh I think you know I
usually don't know so let's see we'd
been we met in February
yes this was like a month or so after we
have been dating when do when do you
save stuff with somebody who only been
dating for a month
I saved everything so what are those
those are little sings Jen did an Easter
basket for me this is the egg well they
were actually in different eggs and then
I saved one egg and then read what some
of those are so general our focus is our
children of course each other too but
you know something like Easter dinner
okay that's gum you can't shoot them so
you wrote a bunch of different papers
yeah it's like inside jokes ah yeah
there's just how you felt about me
okay read some of them and me so I'm
pretty sure these are so I thought these
were as cheesy as guten Gouda mmm good
but they made me think of you do you
like karate because your body's kicking
it's fired by the three ninjas this is
den hitting on me when we're dating
do you think these are so cheesy oh my
gosh did I hurt when you fell from
heaven it into my heart
hahaha super cheesy I wrote that God
make great team that was a that was
something that Jim said to me we were
sitting on the steps one night just
talking that she liked to mean with all
seriousness said we really make a good
team
we make a great team laughing at me and
I was so embarrassed I know baby babe
wait babe babe wait babe come back I
just want to tell you I'm really digging
you well in the eggs area - sorry I'm
like leaning back so I can pull these up
I found the original seeds that you
threw me on Mardi Gras
no like I had him in a box I had the egg
and some other things so that's how it
Jen and I really met she threw me Rodney
got beads and a Mardi Gras party that
she was lunching well that's how we
really I was like this girl might like
me we started talking and I even have
the Easter letter you wrote me that day
you'd have to read it out loud but it's
uh there's a lot of you read a lot to me
that day these are the butterflies that
are constantly in my stomach says
something like you're the peanut butter
to my jelly yep you're the peanut butter
to my jelly ha ha I still do lots of ha
ha dad six years ago six years ago okay
I don't wait corny and can be sometimes
ridiculous but we just make a great team
you make me smile non-stop I just love
being with you
I've never played the Easter Bunny
before I thought it'd be fun for you oh
not too much but I hope you like your
basket you know it's full of cheese I
hope you have a wonderful Easter
does he love Jenica this is heart love
always Wow well that's kind of like nuts
hang love it's like did we say what did
we say love I don't think at that point
yeah all right Noah what do you think is
that fun yeah you like all those eggs I
have a lot of cards that Sam has given
me I see yours - oh my there's
eggs and they're cracking up all right
let's put him back in here oh yeah no
that's how you were born things that we
were like dancing to their high let's be
careful with those you don't wanna choke
yourself Noah just said here and it's
mr. Feldman so what am i filming show me
what you got
tell me about it no one has found my
keys and he's he's locking my car Wow
what is that Keys a car yep there you go
now lock it gotta lock the car Storch
are you Stuart Wow do it again oh here
put it back nighttime shenanigans now
mom easy storage
Jesus nap tenant what no no one needs us
to stretch Oh say I am Stuart we
rehearsed yeah okay go Oh
Eddie I am Stewart okay I'm gonna bring
the camera on you and then you say I am
stork I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be
good you better believe it I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'll be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that I'm just come on train for
Tough Mudder tribe Tyler
come on Jeff Devin Tough Mudder you got
a grunt that scraps it's like there's
it's a garbage bag of styrofoam
resent ladies anything on shank we
believe it makes the trophies I tried
this you went to kiss your lips and
yelling what oh yeah hey hey come here
look let me give you a kiss I need some
lipstick come here give me go give me a
kiss
hey MA okay hey yes well a beautiful
family is mom small and be relaxed
