good morning sweet world we're coming to
you live from CVX so we're going to go
hang out with sam and jen and some
awesome youtubers peace this critter and
in two ways nelly delivery or just
relaxing
CVX live de dos and the last day crazy
we can like flew by so fast how you
feeling babe it's only ten-thirty in the
morning and we're ready for naps we're
tired I fell asleep like 945 last night
so now we're gonna head in just go to
the green room for a while get this kid
some energy out running around he's just
not handling the hotel life very well
I've seen rubberband balls it's like a
rubber band folder no seriously if you
drop it was nice listen this ready okay
don't don't like it okay listen you can
hear the thud it's like it's that crazy
ball is it a crazy ball big ball they're
doing a video for Stewart is a stewart
video
texted me this morning and everybody
shut up like an hour late sorry are you
dancing to the music are you pushing
that big boulder push you to Ali hi I'm
ending up I keep going like this come
out Penelope come here you can do it
yeah she's gonna be the one to coax her
out you know it'll be a leak at just
like you know your two people right now
it's better to be one I'm definitely
ready to just be supper for bodies you
you're definitely ready to have two
children no you that fast having dudes
me go crazy so what are you gonna do
when Penelope finally gets here then um
probably have a meltdown but he's crying
and she's crying at the same time haha
maybe I was the last kid too and I was
number two my poor parents tell me oh
god I cried non-stop until I was two
years old they were like maybe she's
like you know deficient in something
maybe you have colic or something no
smells but not great anymore so that's
good not right now I'm not ever the fact
that it's so plays loud here and I don't
like it and I'm gonna dress the white
foam heat is it over here oh yeah
there's a clear everything right here
and I'm ready there your mountains are
beautiful you job but your weather is
freezing Oh hugs Noah hey can you
introduce yourself I tell you how to
shake hands today you introduce yourself
or remember introduce yourself Noah
no crushing towers and go chic towers
hint hey I taught him how to shake hands
today six hours him you shake Shay see
into there you go see why he's like nope
I like they never do for your head back
on uh Jen signing autographs enters
tummy you say hi to your buddies yeah go
kick the ball big kick oh all right
Jen's getting a massage this could end
in two ways Natalie delivery or just
relax anyway hey Goren he's your first
massage ever know my mom is massages
okay that's not linger we had a good
trip
well let you enjoy it here behind the
scenes of the live stream Tyler oh is
that trap Tyler the kid Jordana its air
max day and well what is this tyler
this is bianca she is officially in our
vlog she read us a note % in fear my
number one progress you have to read the
rest can't just stop there genomite she
might start crying just read this out
loud she start your own YouTube I'm just
like me Oh started your own youtube
channel youtube channel because of us
what what's your youtube channel Keeping
Up with the Keeping Up with bianca so if
you guys want to keep up with bianca you
can go find her channel the channel
it's fun oh you can plug something you
want to bug something I'll put my camera
dad impromptu impromptu dance party to
log in it everyone this is michael Dave
he was sad that you were here David's
head is growing back he wanted to see
you David King internet he watches your
channel they sure your home right now he
wishes he were here next year damn
probably babe this is math he came to
michael bay film if you wanted to meet
you at the student video but you had
already left John man we gotta skate yes
we come down no they will come up and
you get lucky to have a stadium Logan
metrics yeah oh it's a straight day
pretation coming uh sure yeah whoa I
like that CVX live dance guys I just
want to say that jenna is the best
they're taking a little bump picture
right now honestly I feel like jazz
makes like when she meets it because
she's just like always so excited and
its really who she is guys
all right name was stabbed too ilike
your tricks and hats they're pretty cool
Star Wars hat storage storage stickers
oh my goodness it's not a lot but people
thank you guys good to see you guys
again we saw him last year alas there's
a next time and a lot of people are
being forced to admit rekindled haha for
year two he takes like here too yeah
firstly enacted our photo
I couldn't lift my leg as high I know
later strike yeah you know what once
she's out next year yeah
we will be back again I got to get you
guys on the blog this guy's stealin my
thunder alright so my favorite people
that I've met here
practically family grew up in the same
place reppin my shirts mom I feel like
you'd be best friends are there just
saying she's the best mom the most fun
you would you guys remind me of each
other so we're going to take a picture
walk that red carpet again oh let's go
dance and make out on that carpet oh
yeah girl Oh get it get it get it
there we go you should check out J house
we talked about how
it's we're here thanks Jenna guy gargan
victim awash I just was here games like
I wanna give a call this afternoon
like again work
lovely
Peppa through timer on the middle haha
so good to see you I'm just gonna film
you awkwardly now it's safe to say that
Noah's been a pretty spoiled here at CVX
live with many starches Star Wars what
do you say Noah we need you you you say
thank you
whoo
day
I can't work hi Haley thank you for
helping out you've been amazing kaylee
is expecting a baby as you guys know
Matt her husband Jen's rather is working
the booth matt is probably sold poor
shirts or anything than anyone else here
okay right now he's talking to clinch
this TV Noah who's his eyes at your
storage board
that's you
get on babe
that's a wrap CVX it's over not crazy
and now we're going to dinner because
it's like 640 this child has not even
he's a very bad mood because you hope
not have keep riding his skateboard too
much Mickey did you have a good time
babe get fun fancy that's great at least
24 hours before the baby please okay yes
I know now Sam just needs a couple days
to recuperate and then and the baby can
come I'm okay with that Oh compromise
hold it you can hold it you can hold it
you just can't write it in the parking
lot of it uh we just could not get in
one of those yes which the storage bored
anyway I think we're gonna be with
everyone later because they won't went
to the virtual reality think the blazer
tag or something how am I sure and so
we're gonna go get dinner before and
have a good night we're gonna have fun
Hayley leaves later which is really sad
but when we try to hang about them of
course she goes and I had these peeps we
had a great time especially meeting all
of you guys it was so wonderful I really
puts things into perspective cuz I
forget that people watch stuff and then
I'm like oh my god I should just lose my
mind how wonderful you guys are we're
all so nice we'll talk more about that
later and so it goes another day
how I was a fast elevator I in the girls
uh Jenny know we're back in the hotel
hopefully now is going to sleep and
hopefully Jenna's resting as well
because it's been a very exhausting
weekend every bit worth of it worth it
but I'm ready to hibernate for a couple
hours only Noah was here because i think
i just saw storage I yes storage
Noah
dang I'm just staring at us I know so
like a goodbye of every every goodbye oh
wait what oh wow Haley's leaving and we
are surrounded by everyone as I found
this so um Wow get a broom to redo it
okay was that dramatic enough anybody I
love you so you in May you bum cnl
that's too far away down this way for
the words I'm actually the answer this I
love you my rose give the rose to my
Leonardo wait what's his name in the
show Oh jack thank you I do think you're
the rose to my Jack are you from what's
he gonna go over great if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood okay you
have to find your basket no I know to
try and find your Easter Bunny basket
