look through this crack you can see the
wild shaycarl speaking to this morning
his guests there's also a giant ship
right here welcome CVX day one look look
oh my gosh see that
there's a much better view before I was
behind its most like a rubber back here
rubber tires Jen there's free massages
here what no way
naina love you bad gift awaits Oh baby
says it's ready no it's just for energy
my body's ready it'll happen oh so they
know the pressure points I think that
might be a myth is that true
okay well better keep my honor all right
guys I'm taking you on a quick tour
under the dr. pepper sign click your
feet two times and you'll end up at the
chickens booth here it is look a this is
a cool background snapshot Tyler
actually designed that it looks like one
of those like movie premiere you know
when you take pictures in front of them
imagine this is where like the meetups
will be will actually be here from 12:00
to 5:00 tomorrow as well so if you guys
are in the area you should come by and
say hi hey I've got the booth seen the
tricks in the real tricks I've got the
booth here there's Matt some signs hats
shirts Jack ila do
did you know there's massages upstairs
all the way from Boston up you're on the
blog hello she came all the way from
Boston had many delays and tutus and
there's some tights match might be on
backwards that's amazing
Noah can you say thank you yes this is
what bringing your one or two year old
three-year-old to youtube convention is
like is it guys this is the real life
chasing
all right these guys have been hugging
for the past 30 seconds no I think that
hug is long enough I think that's long
enough one more hug oh he's like putting
his head on the shoulder all right
that's good that's good that's good good
hugs taking the stairs
women eat concrete okay
Noah's down for a nap we think maybe
almost heylia was nice enough to go take
him back to hotel and now we have a
meetup for
for hours so if you get tired you better
take it break down party see a couple
people already you guys are super nice a
lot of presents and gifts for Penelope
it's kind of overwhelming super creative
here we go
I told you the gifts have been like out
of this world and creative this one is
for noah obviously and then one for pj
guys we have a Samak shirt siding what's
your name
look at this this is the first shirt
sanika shirt I've seen here at CVX live
pretty awesome ah Aaron's mom's here
and then I do a pan over and find Aaron
Mountain Aaron's mom dishes and his mom
as the best guys if you haven't had the
chance to meet Aaron's mom you kind of
missing out on life Polly instagramming
and right now
she's so proud of her son we all we're
all proud of Aaron and John sighting
Black is my favorite of them kind of
wearing all black right now I actually
brought my shirt I should have worn it
maybe I should wear it tomorrow
Pittsburgh you guys it was
how many buses did you take were they
like nice buses they have jeebies never
again was it worth it
Tyler was one of the highlights of my
CVX live experience last year and Tyler
has a channel now on YouTube he loves
you too what's the channel if anyone
wants to go watch it Tyler like it or
not Tyler like it or not so if you guys
want to go check it out seriously and
you know I actually had the same shoes
no I had these shoes that last CVX so
he's like the best so senior exclam has
been slightly different this year
because I feel like we've had more
people visiting from across the country
and I was getting tweets from them and
they were sending me tweets on the train
they actually took a train all the way
from Massachusetts to get
and I've always wanted to be something
like that so it's kind of fun to get
updates from them I don't know if I even
treated you guys back but I was looking
at all of them so when they came up I
was like I already know everything about
you guys and plus she's wearing a shirt
so it's really nice to meet you guys
nose back with us J just woke up Jen
still pregnant Amy's here Amy and Tyson
what's up guys got a salmon good shirt
we just found out they're having a baby
this is the vlog I mentioned a couple of
weeks ago you know what it's not natural
for an almost two year old to go to
events like this and enjoy it so we
still got to live life so we playing a
little bit of bowl outside whoo for the
most part no has been really good today
he's had his moments like if he was if
he really enjoyed these YouTube
conventions I'd be a little worried I'd
be like what's wrong with you that's not
normal for a toddler like yourself
no we really want some camera here get
some strawberry in your face
this is my first trip to camper today
sigh babe he's gonna taking the lead on
filming today which has been wonderful
filming chasing Mela that kids been a
little a little while today we just got
them eating we're gonna go eat with
everyone but just going crazy and needs
needed food so they watch our vlog hey
guys nice to meet you in the parking lot
and anyway we're gonna this wild man
into bed they were so lovely and took no
for an app which we could not have met
all of you lovely people with Noah I
think around just dance dude thanks I
want to see Carl and ginger dance hip
hop so bad I think they were
live-streaming it though I think it
might be on Twitter I want to see so
good what what what what
yeah yes time hey I love you oh it was a
great day now for all words beat I'm
ready to sleep for ever heard but it was
all worth it to hug you little cute
people to people you Sam now he's not
even done it's like he wants to go home
in her ass but he's got anyway see you
later
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
