good morning guys
hey coming to see you okay see you where
those Dortch come on Bobby
I was sitting there eating breakfast
with Noah on the couch why is mine I was
sitting here eating cereal with Noah and
I got the worst shooting with like worse
pain in my side if I like you like a
side cramp like when you're running too
much oh my gosh it hurts so bad
it was just like lingering there in like
my side and my back and then it like
stopped after a while and then came back
and stopped now I have another cramp and
it's like it's like here it's like a
side ache so I don't think it's
contractions because I feel it here on
my side and in that side of my back
it's the weirdest thing because I'm like
it can't be contractions right because
uh I feel a little bit down here I don't
know it's like you think going through
it already you would know automatically
what contractions are gonna feel like
but the beginning of contractions you're
always confused because you're like well
is this it
because one's that consistent then you
know then you know you're in labor so
it's like what the beginning fees is a
waiver
oh my goodness no baby don't leave mom
come here
you want us to kill the ants we're
getting ready to see the ex today and I
don't want to be going into labor right
ii unless it's actual labor like i don't
want to drive all the way down there and
have to turn back around
a little on edge
sorry we had a bit of an ant fiasco and
anyway so now the the cramp is kind of
gone i don't know we're supposed to
leave today guys and i
like a little nervous cuz I feel like
I'm gonna get all the way down there and
have to go way back
although I probably want that's just
what you find you want to show them gay
skateboard - yeah we're all packed up
though and I'm packed up that no packed
up I've got my hospital bag pack just in
case so we'll see I mean I don't think I
don't think I'll need it I think we'll
be okay
why is my chin all red Sam's going down
early cuz he needs to help with the
booth and help post with social media
stuff for the trixin account to get
everyone pumped for this weekend and so
I'm driving myself and Noah down this
afternoon after his nap because if we go
down with Sam he won't have a place to
nap and he'll just be running wild and
wreaking havoc when they're trying to
work I'm gonna wait to see the eggs did
you find a little seat for blue dog yeah
do you see water and mountains I like
where you put in no it just said look
mom look and showed me that he cuddles
but it's true we are on our way to see
the ex I'm really excited to see you
while they drive okay two hours two
hours what I have found though is on
Twitter some people have been tweeting
me I've seen people coming from like New
York the UK Pittsburgh Planes Trains
automobiles buses buses everything guys
cray but in a good way so we're really
excited hopefully uh
take that someone stays happy right wait
wait wait
TC there's a big lake no do you see any
clouds that time yeah yeah naughty trees
you see any trees yeah see any cars
outside you see car
there's none on that side yet so he see
that oh he's gone he's gonna get let me
gone again let me see if I can find him
quite the laugh you've got going hello
hello hello hello we made it to wait
where you going I come back here ah
welcome to the hotel room this is where
you'll be sleeping for the next couple
of nights and you keep trying to leave
oh there's the bathroom perfect thing is
just I believe Oh some pull-ups or
acrobatics you can wash your hands nice
very nice
there's me hello hello we made it to our
drive ready for me thank you
what is in here ah water Snickers and
cookies excuse me that was like I'm
gonna go run around uh yeah this is our
room quick room tour is over already
looking good Jen what do you think high
ceiling cool I got the nice part yeah
he's trying to get out right now
all right let's go run around two hours
in the car was long enough Matt and
Hayley are actually gonna be staying
with us as well get in there
I'd say tall people so sleeping in what
is it's like a full bed yeah because of
us three oh I can't wait to cuddle you
gotta get that energy out gotta get that
energy out gotta get that energy out
gotta get that energy out and pinned up
all day to our car right after a nap
struggle is real for the table uh
this is the best part about CVX live
we're all sharing a room how many people
we have in here one two three four five
six seven eight plus Hailey and Matt ten
people two beds
hey Noah what do you think
party we gonna sleep tonight okay I
guess that this is what you call love
applying the Tanner chili pregnant
woman's legs cuz she can barely reach
him no are you ready to go party yeah
you're gonna dance yeah you and hear the
music you kinda look like you're going
to church yeah agent Rosenberg hello all
right we made it
it's Thursday night there's like a
little get-together party thing I'm not
really sure what's going on but we're
already back it seems like yesterday
were here for CVX live there's actually
like eight months ago and now it's
happening all over again
so pretty cool there's day on in this
girlfriend this seems to be with a life
at the party is on the
opposites know they're matching older
man to I think yeah I said this is where
the life of the birdies CVX live first
time here havin fun yeah I saw
try to get a picture look who it is
we're going to be Fallon I don't know
hey do you see away
check this out though there's a little
tricks inside ah dang it
he likes it a lot down below this
tellers first time having squirt I
introduced teller to all the good things
in life including hailey actually was
there are you the hill here it was ie
years ago paid in damn is the co-founder
of tricky clothing and his YouTube
channel is full of life style and
fashion videos Rudy the fashionista did
you see what our is this no I'm sure I
didn't right thank you guys looking for
fashion he learned about shoes I sent
you today yeah yeah I do sales and okay
anyway yes editing we're in the party
room right now having a great night
Noah's finally asleep he had a little
too much candy I think everyone in this
room you know a piece of candy so poor
guy he'll definitely get a good nap
tomorrow everyone's walking around
but I got some fun snacks I got Storch
fruit snacks doesn't have that much
sugar in it and then I went by the rule
that if it's the last item in the store
it's got to be good this was the last
bag of olive oil and herbs so yep party
room
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get bad understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
thought I'm just look through this crack
you can see the wild shaycarl
