given hugs to mom yeah you ready go
downstairs wha-what are you bet too good
you can I really took a hit week
appointment yeah only one today but it's
good I don't wait all day and we'll find
out if things have progressed so we go
downstairs okay where's storch Jimmy
starch we're c-3po where's Chewbacca oh
yeah there is I was gonna say yeah let
me hold her she leave them up here bring
em down gender hey okay guys I'm on my
way to the doctors check on baby sister
um see if there's any progress I want
there to be progress but I took like I
said last night I'm going back and forth
because I want my baby here but I want
to see you guys at CVX so we'll see what
the doctor has set has stuff does that
have to say and I will let you know
after what happened hey who's coming
over to play ah whoo ah jo
no progress none zero everything's the
same please I urge is uh I'm fine with
and I'm not buying clothes it is your
boy or girl jenna face is just like this
I Buckethead yeah this guy's progressed
yeah yeah just blend out of you do a
back foot really wow your hair is so we
will be at CVX even if we had progressed
doctor said vows that we were good to go
this weekend um because he has patients
that live that far away I guess which I
didn't realize so um yeah we will be at
CVS so look I unless I go into labor
naturally by today but that's not gonna
happen oh you excited as you're saying
I'm torn I'm just torn I want this baby
to be here but I want me a bucket head
hey buck ahead you have anything to say
are you excited to see everyone this
weekend yeah huh yeah you're silly yeah
what are you doing in there no I where'd
you go you just have a little nap in
there
wanna be hilarious if you actually fell
asleep in there I would die what are you
doing oh hi hi I was making fun of the
Elven I put him in today because he just
ridiculous these pants are high waters
his shirt is stretched out and too short
but uh I'm trying to keep its other like
this stuff that I'm to wear this weekend
nice I told him to wear that huh Noah
hey who's coming over to play aah whoo
aah jo are you excited yeah I'm gonna
show me a new house yeah you should wear
all your toys are no well we'll see when
he gets here okay you excited yeah yeah
that is dad in you on my phone huh are
you excited for tail yeah I have a
popsicle the good this kid just took the
longest nap and like forever it was like
over three hours long like over three
hours i'm pretty sure cuz we put him
down a little early cuz that the days
just felt like it's going pretty slow
today I'm like oh my gosh is only 12 so
put him down like 12 20 ish doing up to
like 340 Navy 330 my gosh it was crazy
so he's feeling good huh you feel good
after that nap yeah so he got a little
fruit pop em and to come over while we
wait for tail I'm talk to you to get
here so we're excited are you excited
yeah thank you think tell ya tell they
haven't seen any place yet so we're
really excited for them to come up now
all we've gotta do I just have like one
more load of laundry and then need a
pack for CVX because we have nothing
packed and I should probably pack a
hospital bag just in case
although I don't think I'll need it I
think I'll be fine honestly I feel like
I'm gonna go full term I'll probably go
over over 40 weeks I wouldn't be
surprised with this baby comes out ten
pounds nine ten pounds no I hope not
nine not ten top um Vanessa she they
have a trying to call the everafters we
met them at a couple YouTube conventions
and I just love her she's due at the
same time as me but she is already
measuring almost 42 weeks and I'm like
oh my gosh babies measuring like nine
pounds six ounces are like girl oh girl
I'm I'll be praying for you and your
type she's so petite who tied to the
whole body to get that baby out there
having a girl too so it's really
exciting anyway uh we're stop rambling
we're gonna we're gonna wait for the
crew to get here i might clean up a
little bit of this mess oh I forgot
though one more thing via Noah he helped
me stuff is a little bookshelf it's
smaller than I thought it would be I
thought the pockets were on both sides
there's only pockets on one side and the
pockets aren't very deep or wide I was
saying the Vela wider so if you have a
lot of books it's not the bookshelf for
you it will be nice I know that okay
let's rinse your hands off okay it'll be
nice for now like well uh he's gonna my
phone I think I'll stab you it's good
for now with the amount of books we have
I've put all here's like paperback books
like just down there and all his dr
seuss paper back up there and that's all
just hard books so it works out it just
won't last very long I don't know what
we're going to do later on who's he know
what sir even you've been begging to
come over you're finally here how's it
feel welcome welcome sir yeah I won't
take your shoes off and check them off
right there no look who's here
dad Oh desi welcome welcome neighbors
and somehow this Russell that's is too
scary know what can you flex can you
flex your muscles Noah can he flexing
like tayo tayo shown Ohio flex muscles
No somehow these children end up with no
shirts on is scary face everybody to
know where did you go are you try to put
your shirt on or off hey the crazy thing
is no I has two white hairy tell others
black bear and they wake her no actually
looks really fair next to him though
that's true ava is terrified of Sam
she's currently hiding over there yeah I
want her to okay Amy you can go play now
he's upstairs go play now strong come
I'd like the constipated yeah I see I
you guys such big muscles
come on in come this way come to mom
over here Devin Taylor screams lot more
than a blue screen this is a Delia Kraus
no joke ninja face this is why our child
is violent Sam this is why our child is
violent oh my can oh he is a like things
on his face either oh my gosh no look at
mom come show me your ninja face oh yeah
I'm in Genoa hey you ninja go get dad go
get dad hey ninja Noah be like me ninja
hey he's bringing a pyre hahaha he did
on purpose help you come here there you
go harness we protect the family you've
gonna fight crime yeah that way and just
tie the long sleeve once around listen
you are they with a legit a master
trainer okay no I tell show me come here
Noah comes in by tail show me your nigga
show me your muscles Noah sure
alright your ninja your ninja sensei is
getting ready love your tail Ninja
Turtles oh gosh yes look hilarious this
is what sameness frenzies to do in high
school and I am joking there's video
evidence of it what please so sitting
here in genesis house her new house and
i'm feeling kind of sad because we're no
longer neighbors and our neighbors I
think he's my one thinks he's a spy oh
and my neighbors a spy I see so
secretive hopefully he doesn't watch
that thing before want a human leak is
your own wall hi no other to snack here
she just like he ran outside snacks we
are here with our favorite tribe the
tribe of Tyler glad you're back and this
tribe is a all these people they love
buffs and I don't have one I even bought
a series Sam yeah anyway we are about to
watch other tribes particular event full
weight Jamie oh I screams damn has I've
told you I eaten one yesterday one today
dan said I like the caramel we're
watching survivor we just had fun
watching old YouTube videos we tend to
do that with these two for some reason I
don't know why oh and now we're watching
survivor and I still have to pack for
see the exit epoch fili take the
Cardinals know once I pack it's kind of
sad once I pack unpacked from good know
what are you leaving from feel like on
Sunday
yes a turd a night wait okay you're
leaving on Sunday well technically it's
it's it's like midnight midnight what
yeah oh no that's kind of sex Authority
once day I know I felt like when I got
here I was like oh I have all the time
in the world now there's already like
down to like two or three days is that's
so depressing no I with you till one man
is a long time no sobs almost April
hoping I'd have my baby so she could be
here and the baby was born but that
didn't happen clearly what was there may
be in Cincinnati ha ha ha I'll be a
little scary don't believe I'm not me
airplane yeah your make a lot of fly me
Alec superfight she's only because they
don't want to have to it help you give
birth on the airplane yeah what why not
oh my god because it's not august okay
because it always one of those august
eight then I could freaking give birth
on air pillow me both up why don't you
pick on me Wow cuz it's so easy fun
night watching survivor Jen just fell
asleep afterwards yeah got my bus
tomorrow we are headed down to CVX live
it doesn't actually start tomorrow it
starts on Friday and then it goes on to
Saturday but we have to set up some
things we're going John no baby yet but
continue to keep you guys updated on
things best way to find updates like if
we don't post basically I don't think
right out of the baby this weekend but
when the baby is on its way there's a
good chance like there will be a day
without a vlog and stuff because like
that's very low on my priorities I'm all
about being there for Jen for our family
so the best way to get updates would
probably be on Twitter Instagram last
time we were posting like some pictures
in the hospital we were like really
excited on Instagram and stuff
you know love people don't have twitter
yeah just happens today so like if you
don't see if vlog come back oh my gosh
they're having a baby I'll let you guys
know for sure when it's happening like
will post a picture of the hospital or
something and then you guys will know
two weeks left yeah like today I was
like County I was like wait we actually
soft two weeks left it's just like you
started to progress earlier than before
so I was like oh man you never know I
never know our friends Karen and Zack
had a baby today she's super cute and
then CVX live this weekend if you guys
are in the utah area or idaho or want to
drive out it's in orem that was the
chair not me you can come see us there
will be there and it'll be a lot of fun
so yeah I think CVX live com there's
still tickets you guys and check it out
you can find this well probably most
likely just be it the tricks and booth I
love yeah that's right that I got
official meetup is so kind of my take
noah swimming too we have been swimming
in a while see how you're doing the
voice Johnny be off to grab one do we
know when that fits him buried somewhere
laughter look anyway so we'll see you
guys tomorrow we're excited should be
fine peace if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that I'm just errands
literally about to buy the same outfit
that he's wearing right now there's
nothing about that Mark Zuckerberg most
goes oh my gosh you guys have seen the
ring movie VHS did I don't know why that
does that sometimes
