ah it's the birthday boy is the birthday
boy double chin is life right there can
I might be a good read
rachel is a now Noah's personal head had
plowed ahead holder he keeps falling
these person goes buckle so my arm
you're hung looks like a little spider
lake I just holding it small head up
yeah I'm currently on our way to Salt
Lake for Sunday rich at least I
we just probably make a day of it so
like celebrate Tyler's birthday
just have some fun 22 and he's feeling
feeling 22
I would have Sam give him twenty two
spankings round five Lu ten of trying to
get his head to proper blue dog's leg
yes when the wind rage what to win it's
a win as i said the window well do you
like that bad know what do you want to
do want to toddler bed do you like that
one big comfy how do you like your crib
oh you like that one huh good made at
ikea this is our first stop of the Tyler
and Courtney you've everybody's on here
birthday celebration these two look at
the same from the back Noah has Sam's
legs and his little calf that had the
same calf muscles that's when they were
shorts and shoes jordan at the same time
they look for singing oh we're checking
in
ah yes the birthday boy happy birthday
to you happy birthday we're at IKEA
ah yes the birthday boy ah the birthday
boy here comes the birthday girl we're
um we're giving you twenty two spankings
this evening so preparing about cheeks
oh yeah in his birthday suit just
kidding what oh so who you say happy
birthday laughing thanks Haley gonna hug
oh ha ha ha ha come on let's go walk
this me
your life
if he Leah had no one ever thank you oh
well if you watch them from the back
they had the same legs the same calves
yeah so they look the same when they're
both were no shoes and stuff it's
hilarious and their shorts don't they
half of the same legs that's good look
at the little muscles he has the same
muscle okay we're leaving with way too
much stuff but necessary well be stuff
bad stuff mom stuff this is us stuff and
Tyler stuff mostly Tyler stuff hi what
who is that fun yeah well I'll help her
who's been a little sass we got a sassy
helper today Rachel so you're asleep
pushing the cart we're gonna head kid me
sad we got to get off that's fine
ah yes we're here with the birthday boy
and Genoa and myself but the boy was
this acute Genoa
dude you guys are so hahaha I just love
it sprays everywhere happy birthday
that's the one you wanted right
I was I sister joint amala for you
silly the comedian
you're small right this is the community
you can see changed
yeah yeah that's when you wanted the
white one I'm so sad you guys this has
been running for 23 seconds oh where the
airport saying goodbye to Ray yeah I'm
love I'm really upset with this one my
sister so imagine you're here I don't
want to go oh I'll see him for weeks for
weeks before we shut down thank you for
everything goodbyes are the worst really
sad that she's going but I'm really
happy she was here gonna mr. soon for
weeks Rach only four weeks really
excited to see her again I realize we
haven't really blog too much today we're
here at the apple store with the
birthday boy abson birthday boy 80
different times look what I got going to
try this weekend what is that like it's
okay big rock okay self-tanner but if
you come out like orange Oh today you
know like today your way oh yeah Jen and
I both wore shorts and like short sleeve
stuff today because there's 70 degrees
I probably could it be some of that too
this is pretty cool at the apple store
they now sell the phantom for people
like showing up to a friends wow I feel
like a lot an episode of Friends of you
guys just because you're all too would
you guess I'm not getting this I wish I
oh wow the bamboo Tyler's getting a for
you olloclip before 11 lens Noah found
the drone Julius and maybe a forward
from the first birthday that but he say
the big day boy yeah we'll fight
tomorrow you wanna fight tomorrow ok
who's getting pretty tired coastal a
time / bedtime so whoever sleeps in the
car I feel bad
making absolutely clear places actually
gotta call you back sometimes you're
fine anything for the birthday boy so
yes they think of anything these days a
smart duck peer pressure oh let's get
there what do you want the smart duck oh
it's bb-8 oh yes happy birthday 27th
birthday thank you 27 kills he's really
only 22 he's really only trying to they
just bought him this way he really no
you're not you can really hit the fan we
have to take pictures of all our eyes
now haha it was like a realist grossest
penis pictures ever taste like all right
I do it do it do it should I get this to
pony for knowing the bb-8 good evening
van mocha um it's like eleven o'clock at
night I love lemon actually make a wish
and I've decided to build stuff I don't
really want to I'm tired my feet are
swollen we walked around a lot today the
most i've walked around and like you oh
thank you I'm trying to get this done
this is my and my end table I've never
had my own end table oh let's say today
was a very fun day he was a great
besides I wouldn't jump my sister off
that was very depressing so it was a
good days and ikea nobody waits for the
date night and ikea right i did it i
couldn't figure out this one little part
i don't think it's like really necessary
it's this little part for some reason i
cannot i cannot figure this out so say
I'm gonna have to do that for me I'm
gonna go to bed now let's make sure I
thought I would get done faster
his like shelf I mean bookshelf but I
don't think I can do it yeah second
night here good night see you later
finished product it wasn't my first
choice but I like it it was more
affordable than the first choice which
is all that matters right
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood ah so
I think it's a little big to be a
bedside table I probably should have
gotten something not so tall that's a
tables usually go up like half way like
oh they're Sam's little one and there's
my Range Rovers bedside table oh well it
has some nice deep drawers a nice little
section up here like so uh yeah it's
gonna have to do I'm just gonna be
playing here and what visited was like
all the way up here it's okay though
it'll be good it'll work out it just
looks kind of funny
