what do you think Jen is the fingerling
monkey worth the hype
hey it was a trick for you guys I don't
know if anyone that's any of you have
ever tried this but my kids love yogurt
and they love cereal so one day I just
combined it because we were out of milk
so I put the zero in the yogurt and now
it's one of the favorite breakfasts just
kind of random Bowl two for bottom there
yogurt cereal I'm today I'm having an
actual nutritious breakfast peanut
butter with banana all these pregnant
women on YouTube is talking about peanut
butter banana toast and then this
morning say I want that I made myself
some what I had I was gonna mention with
my little 14 week update mini update my
number one craving has been apples I
really love apples right now actually I
loved apples last week too so I guess
like just second trimester in the store
we go to they sell like these mini ones
and I call in a huge bag and so I just
buy those because I Kickstarter easier
for the kids to finish they're really
good for me too
I really just want fruit I crave fruit
all the time that's what both with all
my pregnancy they've really craved fruit
although I must say this pregnancy I
have not gotten not one milkshake which
I'm very proud of myself because I ate
milkshakes at almost every night yeah
which is no surprise how much they like
ice cream today has been an eBay day for
me I've been selling a lot of things
things I'm not using trying to make that
money to cover the cost for all my
giveaways I just want you guys to know
that my giveaways are not sponsored by
anybody I'm just doing it and it's a
little more expensive than maybe I'd
anticipated because we're giving away
some expensive things so just trying to
cover costs just feel like shipping and
things and just Christmas you know you
know I am with eBay I like to get my
things up
I like to sell things that I'm not using
should I keep doing the giveaways on
Instagram I feel like it's like unfair
to Twitter and YouTube will do why not
here should I do it on here yeah well do
one on here this is not sponsor yes
apparently there's one item that is
super hot and hard to get this year and
luckily it's not crazy expensive never
heard of it maybe they're just hyping it
maybe companies pay the media to hype up
their product make it the thing cuz last
year it was Hatcher moles right and this
here it's fingerling monkeys I've been
trying to help you guys out
those of you that are looking for this
item for your friends family kids
whoever I posted to restock links and I
know some of you guys were able to get
it uh so yeah we'll give it one away in
this vlog this is how we'll do it
comment your favorite gift fad gift like
fad can be Pokemon I guess pokemon cards
pogs whatever beanie babies post your
favorite one that you've experienced in
your lifetime in the comments and I'll
pick someone I think we should test this
out and see if it's actually worth it
though and you got to be careful there's
knockoff versions online but this is the
real deal okay
so let's give our real review of this if
this is even worth it
okay guys do you see this what is that a
monkey thing because apparently it's
like the monkeys that you know you can
have as pets or some people are those
pets obviously having a monkey's of pets
probably not the best idea I think
there's only one but we have a little
playground for it to plan let's see if
it's actually worth it okay okay I think
these things retail for $14.99 and I've
seen them on eBay for like 50 is it
worth $50 is it worth
I'm kind of excited to see what the hype
is okay let's do an unboxing so we got
the one that comes with the playground
packaging haircut kind of awesome wow
it's so weird it goes on your finger
yeah looks this looks weird yeah it is
kind of weird this is such a random twin
I'm building the playground it came in a
couple pieces not too bad kind of cheap
off doesn't feel like it's like snapping
in yeah I don't feel like it snapping in
oh there we go it's nothing that ones it
should snap in yeah I don't shake him so
much oh okay so uh here's the monkey
it's on my finger I'm not sure what the
monkey does don't shake it and he'll
move hello mr. monkey this is swing yeah
for you just like having a place but I
swear like I've seen him like climb on
it and stuff so you definitely have to
look at the instructions on things so
they can do blow air kisses to your
monkey your monkey will kiss you back
alright I'm here with Noah we're gonna
test some of these things out
clap once or twice watch a monkey around
just clap twice oh now he wants to kiss
you tap your monkeys head for fun
reactions pet your monkeys head your
monkey will show you love oh he likes
that person hold both sensors of sensors
on his head for a silly surprise hang
your monkey upside down and explore your
monkey silly side cradle your monkey for
sleepy reactions are you trying to feed
him food oh yeah I've seen them food
what's his name do you know what his
name is
it's Boris oh you're gonna be such a
good big sister you practising with the
monkey we busted out another end because
someone doesn't really understand
sharing yet while the other one is very
good at it but because she's only one
and a half so we got a purple one - uh
easy to get out of the packaging matches
PJ's dress I was hoping you'd only get
that one but we still have one to give
away
yeah what do you think so far Noah is it
a cool toy mama called the doctor and
the doctor said no
jumping on the bed so on a scale of one
to ten of kids enjoyment I give it a
nine
I mean they definitely love it more than
other things they've seen them play with
okay so it brings out some interesting
humor
PJ insisted that her monkey wear her
diaper but it was way too big so I she
was screaming so I made the monkey a
diaper and she'll probably rip it off
she'll probably rip it off in 0.5
seconds see the baby the baby has a
diaper now like like a baby's underwear
it's already prepping for our Christmas
Eve program which I knew you buy until
Christmas Eve we record the test today
which is the next day and after 12 hours
with it what do you think Jen is the
fingerling monkey worth the hype yes yes
only because it's been entertaining
for these two they've actually really
enjoyed it although for this age no
because she gets frustrated putting the
monkey on things she can't do it by
herself but Noah loves it yeah it is for
ages five and up it says in the box
do you like the monkey you know I like
it yeah pretty cool PJ do you like the
monkey oh yeah I would say it's
definitely worth the $15 hype $14.99 if
you can get it for retail definitely
worth it
$50 nah now you could see that sometimes
it wasn't as responsive and it's it's
not like cheaply made but it's
definitely $15 it's a 10 $15 base so
there you have it a little different
today but it was kind of fun to dive in
and check out today's oh they bad gift
of the year this was not sponsored but
you know we just live in hope you guys
enjoyed it I'm gonna go post this we'll
see us tomorrow peace
