hey guys today's gonna be a good day
remember how I said I have a lot of
surprises for tomorrow
yeah Jen has no idea Sam strikes again I
need a new name I'm no longer Santa hey
surprise number one three three Oh
what's up surprise number two
Oh David got his hair cut surprise
number three
so we're hijacking
Jen's baby shower well it's a surprise
so we're going to the house right now I
think to help Sam set up just kind of
the shower today is a really good day
I'm really excited we keeping a secret
for a very long time I haven't really
told many people about this jen is an
amazing person she deserves everything
in this world and more but she works
hard for it and she never expects things
like she for example a baby shower jen
has said nothing to me during this whole
pregnancy about having a baby shower and
I know what the second baby
you know it might not be as common but
since we are having a girl I thought
it'd be fun plus it's just good for her
to see her friends so I messaged some of
her friends her cousins and her sister
actually and I was like hey let's do
this let's have a surprise baby shower
and today I feel so comfortable look at
me and dunkey are going for girls
shopping trash yeah girl to girl
good afternoon girl afternoon and we're
really excited to be together I'm just
gonna hold your hand while you're on the
stairs really funny the funniest part
was it wasn't even really system that
returned really
she's never driven here in the utah land
pretty simple though it's like I'd be
ready right I know it took me like five
years to understand the grid not even
joke there's like not street names it's
like I know isn't that weird
yeah it was really hard for me it makes
slow down those children not looking uh
you know whoa salad
you know I don't think he would deny
that I'm the best driver either so like
soya because I backed into a building
one time yeah same with me I like barely
hit a pole and Sam forever things on the
horse yeah I really honestly I don't I
don't like driving that much I'm sorry
the boy was like Jenny never drive since
always driving you okay and I'm like
because I get like really bad Road
hypnosis when I'm driving bad what road
hypnosis who ever heard that no I call
it road rage this is when you fall it's
like if you get really like higher
opposite opposite Haley gets fired up
and I get really tired when I Drive so
here we are at the mall about to spend a
lovely afternoon together
Haley's supposed to be trying to vlog
today and we'll see how it goes in the
car
SD represent
it wouldn't be a party without a little
bit to play it's the nice have you
filmed
Oh oh my gosh I'm in shock
I'm in shock Kirino let me see your
muscles
do some push-ups in that pink top you
have a girl right
you'll be doing like December right
September yeah let's see if you sneak
some more cupcake and there's a little
muscle oh yeah is that taste good Noah
that sugar tastes good no whoa okay okay
that's enough good say what do you think
mom is sugar sugar mom the season is
changing same history
are you just wired back up
I'm just emotionally exhausted by
emotional happy emotions I'm just so
shocked that Sam did that I'm I'm not
shocked that he'd thought like to do
something nice like that
I'm just shocked that that all happened
today like what what just happened today
my freaking sister's here and my brother
well he lives here in Milan yeah I just
can't
I'm just like so grateful I just cried
cried I walked in and cried and then I
walked in this on my sister and cried
even harder you'd walk in and be
surprised and then the extra surprises
like Rachel being me - oh my gosh
I'm just like shocked it was such a
great day seeing everyone some of those
friends for a long time now we don't
have to go there I sure want some french
toast
so yeah let's go it was so fun
number one husband I've never had a
surprise birthday party and secretly
always want more surprise birthday party
you know but a surprise baby shower is
like even better it is for sure if we
should hide or not so everybody
so great it was so fun
I'm so happy and grateful nobody even
got my sister spoiled Noah and same with
my cousin look at all this stuff I just
can't even believe I can't even believe
it all like my friend got me dr. pepper
and hot cheetos okay that's um Kelly
thank you so cute I love it all just so
happy right now
oh my gosh Spice Girls okay my life
sprays this on right now I'm a heaven
buys I was scary face for Halloween once
we were Danny a column for my only like
the dark navy yark babies
hey you we make me to dance to this
every weekend right at the mall all we
turns 10 seconds just dance we did like
the same thing but now a Spice Girls we
choreographed every sign of Hercules we
did that we had lots of concerts all
right Jen's going over all the the
spoils I missed out on all this I was
outside with Noah which I'm glad I
didn't want to be here in the moment now
they're washing all the clothes before
the baby wears it is that like normal or
something has wooden hips I think we
need a box spring yeah yeah okay I see
it's definitely a one person bed at this
point you guys can't see how fluids are
this
I thought the frame would be like the
frame that we had before I got this
great notes it's for a California keen
even if it's but there's like our last
spring had bars across and this one
doesn't
okay good to know we're getting ready
for all our visitors we have to get a
box spring or some work bars of support
otherwise you think in the bed I just
still cannot believe the day I just had
like I I can't even put into words I
like amazing that was like I can't
believe Sam and my girlfriends did all
of that for me like I just wasn't
I just wasn't planning on having people
kept and like are you having a baby sure
I have I wasn't planning on having one
because none of my friends and family
lived by each other it's my second baby
you know and so I was just like probably
won't have which is totally fine like I
didn't mind not having one so for him to
like plan all of that and get all of my
friends here and my family here all my
cousins were here it was just I just
couldn't help but burst into tears
like literally burst into tears like I
could still cry like I looked back at
the footage and I just wanted to cry
again because it was just so thoughtful
and so kind and just so wonderful of him
to do especially in with us having such
a busy time we've had a really busy
month so I'm just so grateful just love
him so much he really does so much for
me and for our family and planning fun
stuff for me so I can relax and have fun
with my friends like and so he's I'd
double the stress trying to plan
everything and I had no idea so I'm like
you know getting on him to get his stuff
done well he's like trying to do this
nice elaborate party for me
felt so bad but man it was just how was
it so fun such a great day just I'm so
grateful so many friends and family
could come like I was just like what the
like where did you all come from I was
shocked
everyone kept this secret so well like
no one blabbed it at all but I love you
Sam
so grateful for you thank you for
throwing me a baby shower was so nice
just excited now I'm even more excited
for this baby to come just like okay
yeah everyone's excited now let's do it
but so about two weeks so everyone's
wondering when the baby's due her due
date is April 7th so well see we'll see
if she goes to her due dates she very
well could just go straight to her due
date so yes and if she comes early I
know a lot people were wondering like if
she came now would we still be at CVX
and we would not so if she comes before
any time before CVX we will not be there
we still have a few things to get done
around the house a few things to do by I
think on Monday
Rachel leaves late Monday so I think we
might make it a day and just be in Salt
Lake or something and get some stuff
from Ikea that we meet and some other
whatnot so maybe we'll see what happens
another thing I cannot believe you flew
my sister out here to surprise me B my
sister like my sister's had very
stressful month stress for a couple
weeks and then I've had stuff of a
couple weeks so I was just like I wish
we could be together like this whole
past week I'm like Missy like wish we
could be together and all this stuff and
she like knew that she was gonna be here
and I had no idea and I just burst into
tears I was just so shocked I was like
wait how did you get here
when did you get here so it was it's so
fun I'm so glad that she can be here and
yeah it's just I could I could just keep
going but I won't bore you with my
blabbing because this is a four-minute
clip over four minute clip
anyways I'm not sure what else is gonna
happen tonight
we've just got all cleaned up downstairs
got some laundry going and yeah now
we're just gonna relax and Mitchell
probably just sit on my bed and watch
YouTube together what we like to do it
was a great day I hope you guys had a
great day too
today was one for the books for me yeah
I could start crying again so I'm good
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood nice day represent
you because Utah sucks such a little
cheesy laugh out here
