tomorrow I have a really big big
surprise Jenny won't even see it coming
good morning everybody
it's Friday and Haley's here in town and
I'm so happy and no one's so happy isn't
that amazing
but I'm really excited to see here today
something really really send me over
here I'm actually getting ready in the
Milligan know some lunch and then go to
my appointment yeah are you saying it's
sunny today it's sunny today yay that's
just trash there's no answer right now
thank goodness but yeah it should be fun
day it's pretty cold out even though
it's so nice I don't care as long as
there's Sun out it makes my day like a
hundred times better
honestly I officially have all the
laundry for for penny except for I just
got this little Bop cover I didn't have
them with Noah on my poppy and I don't
realize how much he'd spit up on it and
kind of like stained it a little bit so
it's like yeah actually I should get a
cover it's time how do you think's for
cleaning up did you're such a good
helper man cleaning up the ground after
lunch good morning sweet world today is
a great day feeling good the reality of
having another child is setting in each
and every day
I feel like it's been a really fast
pregnancy and I don't really feel like
we've like hyped it up you know we just
kind of like have been live in our lives
and and now it just seems like it's
getting closer and closer I don't know
no and I just had a great one she had
some yogi right Jeff some gnocchi
gnocchi and then I actually got him some
Fritos as well thanks for helping clean
up dude now we're watching a little bit
of March Madness basketball we're gonna
take a nap my voice is gonna crack like
I'm going through puberty again this was
the Freitas we had classic ranch I'm not
like a plain Freitas guy but Jen got me
those so do you like watching basketball
yeah that's pretty fun huh we were out
to dinner the other night and just like
Firehouse Subs and this little kid he
was probably about 6 7 8 years old
ran up to his dad and he was like dad
dad I know what we could do tonight is
that was like what wait yeah yeah he was
like dad yeah I know we can do today we
can fill out our brackets I heard it was
like oh dude one day we're gonna fill
out our brackets together ok the thing
though with Noah is like he doesn't know
which team is what he just cheers for
every basket which you know that's the
greatest kind of fit
he just loves everyone okay we're gonna
watch a little bit and then take a nap
okay
Noah's favorite thing right now is also
ice do you like ice is there ice in
there ice yeah it's a good way to get
them to drink water will just make you a
nice yeah nice so question of the day do
you like ice in your drinks Aaron Lafite
no no ice average amount of ice hey dude
are you ready for a nap already you want
to go upstairs take a nap okay well I
guess I'll be watching the Michigan
State game alone but hey if he wants to
take a nap right now a couple minutes
early that's okay let's go
I'm not crying but I'm very sad
shut up the Middle Tennessee for
humbling my soul for those of you that
don't know I'm a diner at Michigan State
fan and Utah State fan school I went to
and we just lost whenever you think it's
your year it's not that's why the Cubs
season scares the crap out of me
we've gotta say this kid is getting so
good at riding his little bike truck huh
he's getting better at just sitting you
see it don't blame you see it cool come
on let's keep going hi this boy had a
good nap and we had good rest and now
Tyler and Haley are gonna come over huh
are you excited to see Haley
me too whoa it went to goal and it's
still flying I don't think this will
help curb stepping group step in anyone
don't think I'll help much
and now it's giving us a story and I'd
like the young things were so weird oh
my gosh his face literally like are you
serious yeah hey Noah just walked over
to a stroller and got in and said he was
ready to go I guess we're going all
right chef fun
Geoff fun Oh guys good afternoon
everybody we went to the park and we
were playing outside with Tyler and
Haley for a while and now we decide
because Noah was not ready to go to come
inside nice little tension yes it's
great birth control for them and now
we're up on campus to just fly the drone
around so you guys can actually see some
footage cuz we've just been flying it
around our house campus and now and
inner fire house or some things pizza
this time have sex it's such a beautiful
day excited to fly this what do you see
a bird is a bird
good bird same tree tree huh yeah it
doesn't fly it up in the sky
there it goes and she's off and so is it
just still freaking out that you can
like watch it without watching it now do
you feel like you stopped to look at it
stay over here know what I see right
there okay you got your hands in your
pocket and your hood on I love that you
put your hands in their pockets now it's
so cute yeah it's so cute I can't handle
though he put his hand in his pocket
it's search
it's so cute you're so cute okay see
right bye dad don't go any further Noah
stay right there
no I keep yelling his name Hey
dad there is no I refuse to sip I mean
he chose de Haan inhaling wouldn't
matter it's always bad at their parents
today was not like no it's not like us
today hey you're being it's right now no
no no you're not
shaggy yeah
Paul Anka Tarot is supposed to be my
child
you just try Mike sit on top of day on
hello Journal
no if you want to go to the dance with
being on
you say dance tonight yeah
ringleader this is the Montana pizza I
got it an honor of day hon and it has
Cool Ranch Doritos on it man
exert the dust you can actually see him
like that right there let's pull her in
straight out and like usual Tyler and
Noah are the same not backed meal no do
you want some cheese on yours - oh yeah
tell me when
ud a single day huh stay on your car
shaking calm down there
we're finally piecing like two words
together right know what I know I know
what seriously
you literally just like hi dad Ted what
do you want issues no that's not that's
nothing that's trash I know what they
love you cuz it had mom well that has
been a favorite today we love you they
love you dad I love you ah hey I just
walked in to Sam's really ghetto I'm
vlogging right now guys so if you want
to be in the vlog I'm gonna put put it
on the chat look at this though I'm
streaming games and I'm floating in my
game you see that green screens in the
whole time you were yeah I was like
who's this hottest oh here's all my
people and you never saw oh is Jen gonna
play what's up good so look at everyone
watching the stream now you have to
watch the vlog and you can see what it
looks like in your life because it's
kind of hilarious and you know oh you
guys are saying hello again this is my
setup I just need to get a better mic
cuz how was my clicking it sounds like
so annoying huh no hello oh that's fun I
just did a stream it's me guys it was
fun to talk play games I'm mad on their
errand day on Jen joined us there's just
a good time I once like my youtube
channel out there I'm gonna start doing
live streams on there as well not just
like video games but just fun streams
you know tomorrow
big big surprise a really big surprise
in fact the surprise is like happening
right now didn't even see it coming
it's gonna be good you'll see you guys
that I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be
good you better believe it I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood welcome back to
snapchat st. Patrick's Day it was
yesterday open your mouth
