hey Noah are you gonna be a co-captain
today would be flying Wow
with it Wow fly
what is that why you say copter do
airplanes now doctors your eyes eyes are
like people are like what happened to
the Nick bird where's the bird footage
well months ago I think I've talked
about this in life briefly
the nerf bird had a little incident and
it wasn't even like bad it just failed
to function correctly no bird
malfunction Yeah right right someone
from DJI and the motors completely
burned like it was I was on the ground
and the motors kept going and they
burned out and like melted the frame of
the body which shouldn't have happened
yeah so I took the DGI employee at fight
fair and now look at us now we're flying
it's sweet guys you ready to fly your
advert 2.0 2.0 we have upgraded to the
2.0 version yes
these look bigger and thicker they might
be it's a this one can go a lot faster
it's a bird I sent it to be super gentle
gentle gentle but I'm most excited about
is your appointment that you're about to
go to yeah I am I'm about to go to my 37
week appointment and they're gonna check
the moon for dilation and I've been
super anxious but only because I've had
a lot of cramping lately and a lot of
practices work so I'm just curious and I
feel like I've had actual contractions
like little ones like menstrual type
cramps but I've had some in my lower
abdomen and my whole stomach so that's
not like okay I'm curious if those
really are nothing if they're just more
braxton-hicks and if I have not pressed
it all or if I have a little bit so
we'll see I'll let you guys know
guys this is weird they just won't stop
god
yo what's up guys these are known as
newest friends they just came over and
we started saying hi and touching them
and stuff on what to rename them to have
a good name for him okay guys so I just
I just got out of my doctor's
appointment and I'm 1 and 1/2
centimeters and 70% of face so whoo
honestly I've learned that that really
means nothing I could be there until his
due date or I'm thinking no until her
due date so but it's it's nice it's nice
to have some progress instead of just oh
you're nothing
oh that's cool I thought I was kind of
hoping I was at least something because
I've had so many Braxton Hicks and like
menstral touch cramping so I was like
he's gotta be some sort of contraction
but yeah I'm excited
we'll see how next week goes cuz now I
see him every week I just told Sam
there's progress which is good but my
doctor also said so you make you look
small but you're measuring right on so
he's like the news I said Nick how tall
I am and then I told him that Noah was 9
pounds and he's like yeah so like she
could be eight pounds you know like even
though I look smaller and even than I
did with know what she's just sitting in
there like really far I guess like back
more the side she could but she could
very well be a good size baby touch with
them for like an hour and a half and
it's cold it's like 37 37 degrees come
here dude what's wrong come here
come talk to us let's use our words
let's talk what's wrong you wanna go
back outside huh yeah and then we'll
take a nap and then we'll go outside
again okay yeah and then I told them
that no nine pounds so Oh someone need
to know let's go have lunch and a nap we
needed to get warmer dang it where's the
summer spring at least actually sprinkle
sugar voiceover this is spring in Utah
snow and it was so hard to decide they
have so many cute cute things right now
I almost came out with bows and two
blankets but I refrained and I got one
blanket because I've been in a little
bit of spending lately
and I got this one isn't it so pretty I
love because it's kind of like
watercolor II and really delicate and so
cute I almost I almost got this like
poppy poppy one that had like bright red
flowers but then I just I just really
loved this one I almost got both but I
refrained guys I did because really no I
only ever really use that one little
ones I was like cause and things like
that yeah I'm really excited I feel like
like deja vu I remember walking out of a
store with Noah swaddle blankets and now
I'm walking in a store with Penelope's
so I'm really excited I'll probably back
to the store because they have a lot of
really cute boats and I'll probably end
up getting another blanket but I did
refrain because my mom gets blanket and
Julie gave us blankets so we have a lot
of blankets right now so I'm like okay
Jen you just need one they are teaching
Noah wrestling moves okay that one
really good well switch with your legs
forward boom ready like they hum bring
up swing them forward now swing them
forward yeah okay
Oh get him no jump on him show him who's
boss he's gonna start wrestling soon
gymnastics in wrestling is a great
foundation for a young child to learn
because of the inflexibility don't
prepare him for a future sports on hey
Boston no your arms not your hips your
arms look at look at his arms okay yeah
good job two three
good job more 555 more ready okay what
good job
you know those are workout something I
guess it's been a pretty relaxed day I
went and ran my errands then came back
every time you get your cervix checked I
feel like you should get really crampy
anyway I just - like won't stop these
cramp like it's just like one long cramp
that just like hasn't like fully gone
away well I'm sitting or standing or
walking it's just it's felt worse that
this passed like maybe hour - so I'm
like I don't think I'm going into labor
I think I'm just cramping because they
checked my cervix but just like uh
there's just neck there's been no relief
I just am so uncomfortable today I
you've been a good boy huh first half
the day not so good second half good huh
you watching dude perfect your favorite
videos and you got what is that what's
in there oh I see yeah ice water he
refuses to drink any water unless it has
ice in it it has to have ice in it now
so I mean some people be like Oh am I
going to labor but I don't think I am I
think I'm just having back sex
unfortunately but this one's just really
uncomfortable and I just want to take my
pants off and I can't because all the
boys are coming for dinner I said we'd
cook dinner at my house if they'd help
Sam hang my drapes food food works - bye
boys who's on your shirt ah starch Lucy
Chom Chom Chom your shirt
what's George writing what's he riding a
bike you say bike my sweater you guys
we've made progress can you babysit your
kisses are you excited to meet baby
sister he's finally getting it I'm back
I was like oh yeah this water will help
me feel better it did it like relieve
the like the cramp penis for like a
second and then just now I had like a
legit contraction and I think about to
have another one I can't tell how chic
moves like Noah did my contractions so
uncomfortable but I was legit saying
like ow that's really uncomfortable guys
this is
just won't stop doc nice George pressure
so I can't tell if it's just like I'm
feeling pressure or that last one was
like legit contraction so I felt relief
and it stops but I've just been like now
I'm just crampy it's weird I'll keep you
posted if anything fun happens I doubt
it but you never know
let's hope not because I still need to
wash the car seat and wash her clothing
and yeah I'm home right now I'm kind of
a crazy day I was a dad stay-at-home dad
this morning and then now we're making
dinner Noah
how was your dinner is it good
we have a special dinner going on
tonight because we are putting the
curtains up and so to celebrate that I
went and got real bacon this is real
bacon real baby okay like real bacon
from a pig is like from the deli got the
pepper bacon extra thick eggs got some
burgers hashbrowns avocado we're doing
like things what do you call it
Oh burgers bacon slam burger so we got
it Denny's that one night after the
tricks and ladies night out so we're
gonna try and replicate that and make it
for for about 1/4 of the cost
1/8 of the cost a 1/16 looks like coffee
eight burgers dude
eight burgers I have 60 Reese's of bacon
and a five-pound bag of hashbrowns and
it costs less than 20 bucks
so we eaten Janette oh man compliments I
can't take the only thing I could take
credit for is buying the ingredients
Dejan kick this up himself look at this
ash brown bacon burger double burger
Wow freaking out excited like do laundry
then they stopped me which makes sense
like just getting mom not coming but
just remember I sit down standing up in
more comfortable sitting down I start to
this has to be at least 13 under
galleries oh yeah this is a as Aaron
described a burrito of a burger look at
Aaron walking I'm going to try and
attempt to take a bite out of this probs
to the chef
wearing two gents apron we gotta get
that far dude please hold on with your
classroom dollars waiting a listen
they got beginning from a mouth it
really takes to tender meat with the egg
yolk mixed with that bacon grease you
notice people usually take really small
bites
right because he takes huge bite of any
touches his mouth you got you got a
little something some right here baby
well look at that Jen check it off the
list
yep Thank You Aaron for your assistance
I'm sweating this was that yeah this
took three monkeys to build this is way
harder than I thought it was gonna be oh
no what who's on your curtain who is
that yeah you got c-3po and Stuart
it's a family event tonight
I thought we also have behind this the
blackout curtains so yeah kind of had a
little life hack going on right here we
got this little we have the regular
circles and then we added these so we
have two curtains cameras currently live
streaming off of his drone this is so
cool weird
Wow we could do live streams on YouTube
from the drone pregnant the truffle
shuffle yeah yeah oh yeah I think about
the busted up guys we're vlogging live
guys are all on the live stream right
now what's up what's up I mean you're on
the blog sorry well it's confusing okay
here you go Mitch as if this fails we
all experience it together
it's too loud too loud babe
no more no more no more
okay by the end of this video you are
now caught up with our current life
we're not a day behind I patched up
being together sorry if that was
confusing I also just posted a photo and
I said you know it's baby time when
Jen's wearing her swag swag swag swag
swag shake that thunder shirt comes up
why she has that shirt it's another
story I've been washing clothes getting
all ready a little baby hangers ought to
show you all the baby clothes that are
hung up in the closet I went in there
and I opened it up and likes all the
dresses and stuff and I was like oh so
cute
uh to summarize how things are going
here last night as we cleaned up put the
bookshelf together I look over I see Jen
vacuuming the stove because it just made
more sense okay so I gotta dump that
crap on the ground and then the ants
come see it was a good idea she's never
done that before her best ideas come
well she's nesting at peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understand peace part 3 hi guys
Courtney here it's been a really rough
day with my son no wow the dog are you a
dog they're fun we're talking with you
next you gotta tell me you gotta talk
use your words dude yeah
