good morning guys
I just got back from Zumba a little
while ago and now I'm just I was just
getting ready was taking over typical
arms to pull the tail I was going to
show you like kind of four weeks later
that I've gotten my lash extensions I
was supposed to get my three a three
week fell on Monday the girl was
completely booked because the girl that
originally did mine got surgery so she's
out for a couple weeks and so the other
girl has been taking off her clients and
stuff for while she's gone sorry I'm
like out of breath getting winded being
pregnant these days and so she didn't
have any room until fright this Friday
so I'm gonna go fill this Friday that
would be almost four weeks cuz Monday
would be the four week like a month
later so I wanted to show you what they
look like four weeks later um as you can
tell this I shed faster than this this I
still looks pretty good this size pretty
sparse especially towards the end I mean
you can't really tell I still love them
I think it's great I think it's awesome
like look how long they lasted and
honestly I feel like they would have
lasted even longer if I hadn't messed
with them what messed with them messed
with them so much that first week I kind
of was a little went a little crazy and
kind of messed with them a little too
much and well like the past like a week
or so when they've been falling out I do
see my eyelash attached to them but
doesn't really freak me out I'm kind of
like oh shoot like learning me hey guys
just to stick new ones on - but there
are there I still have my eyelashes in
there so I'll show you what they look
like on Friday
guys I think I might actually still just
get the volume ones but just tell her
not as thick like I don't want them to
be so dramatic because I was talking to
Aspen from Ashman and Parker and she has
the new ash extensions for I don't like
maybe a year or something I don't even
know and she was originally getting
classic and then there's just this past
time would you have to Marie put on she
got volume and says she loves them so
much more because her softer and
are really stuff like I can't even feel
them so I'm kind of I don't know if I
want to get classic nap I especially had
the volume ones in single full or maybe
like two to alash instead of like four
because it's like four lashes on one but
we'll see we'll see how it goes I'm
really excited to get them redone it
really is such a time-saver you guys
like I can do like if I were to put on
face makeup right now like doing my
foundation powder bronzer and blush
literally takes like two minutes maybe
it's that less although today I don't
even really feel like putting that on
and I feel okay about it because I have
some sort of eyelashes on anyway I just
thought I would update you guys on that
Sam took no with him to Walmart because
Sam likes to get out and move his body
when he's been inside also storage light
thanks to my cousin Jordan um she gave
this to me Oh like when we were living
next door to each other
I thought Noah was afraid of the dark
but Hooters time I sleep regression but
she did give me her extra nightlight and
I never used it because Noah was fine
after that like after that next week or
whatever but now since he's kind of just
doesn't like being alone
he likes to have some light like yes
I've the door cracked with a little
light and so I was like oh I have that
nightlight for my cousin this everyone
is storage storage light it kind of
works out perfectly because when it
looks it's like the same shade as a
stormtrooper so no one really believes
that it's his storage light also look at
this cute thing I got this little basket
I got from Walmart isn't that fun cool
house decor for you guys I've always
wanted like a wicker basket or something
to hold all the blankets but then I saw
this it's all technically the laundry
basket but I think it's cute I like the
blue and it has straps oh that's kind of
nice if I want to like just move it out
of the way what else can I show you okay
we are deciding on a table this week as
well I can show you my curtain rod it's
kind of cute it's got this cute little
Bali thing that's like really pretty
it's pretend the light
I think it'll go well with the curtains
we got and I had picked these curtains
out not realizing that they're very
similar to our shower our shower thing
but I like I like the blue shade so
anyway samseong so now it's time to go
to wiggle arms so wild
very nice job it was eyes you show me it
was eyes show me no my sandals came and
only one of the five doesn't fit but I
have to return unfortunately I really
like to and then one I can't decide if I
actually want to keep this black pair
can't decide I like like it or if I want
a different black pair but I love these
jellies are so comfy they're so cute
love these and love these these are a
little tight here but I think they'll
stretch a little bit and these oh really
cute too and they tie in the front yay
these are the ones that don't fit we're
really cute though the head like a
little wedge all the way across but I
don't know I just throw too big one size
too big
unfortunately that's okay he's trying to
hold the ball and kick it he was he's
been using just one finger close you did
it once
hila he he got a Storch stormtrooper
ball yesterday and he's literally played
with it non-stop we play soccer about
five times a day which is great so we've
been up for a little while from this nap
and now we had some people getting the
sprinklers in our house and now are in
our front yard and now we're gonna go
get out for a bit even though it's
snowing again it's been snowing on the
fall day it's not sticking thank
goodness hmm no whoa no that's been
throwing spirals hey nothing working and
we've been playing with balls and
watching cartoons hey hey can you show
the camera what's on your shirt who is
that Dortch way it went blurry it went
blurry come back come show me come show
me again
what is it answers oh gosh you probably
could no I do you like your stored shirt
do you like your stored shirt it's just
ah no you don't throw that mom it's a
good start
it's ours you two are trouble when
you're together you two are trouble
no one ever stops laughing wins with
dads but it's trouble
no no one gives no I work out quite like
that
whoa life is moving fast it's happening
so fast I can't believe we're almost to
that point we're milk like the
expiration date is past the due date
like we're almost there we're like a
week away from being there and that's
when you know that like things are
happening I told Jen the other day I
just was like driving in the car just
staring off into space you know just
kind of thinking you know when he drives
sometimes and you're like a good driver
and driving safe and then you get
somewhere near like wow I didn't even
think about that because I was thinking
about something else I was just thinking
about how much we love Noah and we're
about to invite someone else into this
world to be a part of our family that
we're gonna love just as much and I'm
just like I've mentioned this before
like over a year ago and it was boring
how does that work how does that happen
I know I'm gonna like it's gonna happen
you know obviously but I'm just like so
excited because that little dude has
brought so much joy to our lives and
it's just unbelievable that we're having
another one any week any day there's a
lot going on in preparation for that
we're actually a day behind a vlog so we
have a whole another day of vlog footage
that we haven't posted yet it's in order
so you guys aren't missing out on
anything but I do need to edit that
right now as well so that we can all
catch up and by the time that the baby's
here we will be in current day Jen maybe
won't admit how much in nesting mode she
is but like she has flipped the switch
and it's like it's odd that girl does
not stop it's happening guys
it could really happen EJ any day
I'm not as nervous this time I was very
nervous with Noah I'm really not that
nervous this time I'm excited kind of
scared I guess because I know how much
it will change our lives again
we've kind of gotten more comfortable
with being parents with Noah but I'm so
excited I'll see you guys tomorrow
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood
