today is March 14th and it's snowing
outside Oh in fact it's coming down like
sideways earlier today we went to the
store and it was just like coming out
like crazy
it's begun I've started organizing I was
kind of getting worried today like oh my
gosh I need to get some more like
newborn things because I wasn't sure how
much I had but taunting pretty much
covered it for me this is literally a
whole stack of newborn 023 three months
three to six months a whole bunch of
dresses and some really cute boys so I'm
not gonna worry about that anymore she's
got plenty of clothes hey and her now
today no work baby sister where's maybe
sister no no where's baby sister no
worries baby sister no no don't stand
all about that where's baby sister k
show what point do you sister yeah he
finally by vitac sisters in mommy's
belly do you love babies yeah are you
excited to meet your sister at lunch
today oh now he's like Oh hold me mom
how lunch today he's like really excited
about it I know he's like yeah your body
and then we wanted to say this is a baby
uh-huh yeah that's a little classy for
her huh Oh for babies and struts her
baby sister buddy and then um for
Georgia the baby sister to ya go into
little pink enamel wasn't it say oh and
then he wanted to he was enjoying
watching birth videos with me oh my
goodness i'm including his own I said
this is what's good Mama's gonna have a
baby like this and he he was enjoying it
early so he's getting there I feel like
I want to start this laundry but I'm
don't want to until I have the disparate
this I could just put it away so uh yeah
I don't know I don't know we're getting
there this was a good first step though
I think getting the clothes out I guess
that's good now I'm going to take no
with me to get out of the house because
he's been cooped up today and return
freaking whole box of stuff to old navy
kind of sad no none of it fit guys
none of it's that all the dresses were
too short still even in tall they're too
short for like oh but without your belly
even seems like well without your belly
but there's some things I can just tell
will still be way too sure about the ads
like at least two to three inches yeah
but not not really though like but it's
still still gonna be too short I just
know it I might get back online and get
like a one-act larger size and see but
just everything's too short so and then
as anyone take know with me to down east
and try to look at tables again if he's
doing well um uh where's no one daddy
don't pull okay just be soft wave just
wave to them yeah
look which animal do want to look at
next which one's next
noise the birds again
looky here
you see anything look look at a turtle
do you like that turtle Wow I know huh
look she's gonna show you an animal one
competitor show you a guinea pig do you
want to say hello look you better take
this
he's one finger you want touch it's like
uh no it's like nah nothing but it had
it with one hand
yeah no I got it no not feeling it
anyway though okay so no what was really
great when I went to return all the
clothes to old navy I do think I
pictured a few things I saw in there
then probably go back online and just
get a larger size and then long and
hopefully that'll work um but I did it
Fred today I did keep the pair of
overalls to see if I could make those
work later cuz i really want them anyway
um my shoe still have not come down
hopefully they come they should be going
this week so I'll show you all of those
when i get them i actually all the
dresses like i told you i would just
because none of them end up working but
he was really great i I brought looks
like some puffs for him to eat while i
was returning everything which was a
brilliant idea i'm gonna do that again
and since he was such a good boy i'm
like i asked him if he wanted to go that
see that see the animals until we went
down to petsmart luckily all the stores
are right next to each other and he just
loves out and I saw em again and she was
so nice and let us duh touched a guinea
pig it was so cute but no wasn't really
into it I didn't think he would be super
into the guinea pig touching he did put
the one little finger which was fun but
he just loves looking at all of them so
that's what is good to see you again am
thanks so much for letting us pet your
guinea pigs pigs are so funny there's
such a random little creature aren't
they yes all animals are kind of random
in a way was it fun seeing the animals
you like that store don't you it's like
it's usually going to the zoo in a way
hey look it's like animals everywhere
it's awesome isn't noni different cuz
he's never been to a zoo so I mean
nothing else are just a little bigger at
the zoo but this is great especially to
get out on a rainy day and now I think
since he's still in a good mood we're
gonna make a quick trip to walmart took
i'm a few things for the baby if I can
just get those out of the way like gripe
water and just like a small thing of
diapers before we get a big pack from UM
from sam's club cuz i'm not sure how big
she's gonna be I don't know how long
she'll be in newborn diapers or not
because i had noah and he was so big i
keep thinking like yeah she's gonna be
big but I'm smaller like my belly is
really a lot smaller and I'm do I'm 36
I'm full term this week
so I think maybe maybe she'll be a
sudden POW baby I don't know we shall
see so I don't want to go like crazy and
buy a bunch of like diapers and things
when I don't know what size she's
hopping she's gonna be so i think i'm
just being like one box a newborn or
something and then get some gripe water
another pass see how Noah huh yeah
another pass ii for her and some like
baby lotions and i think we'll be good
ready you make good boy yeah cuz you are
a good boy huh oh yeah you're telling a
room where we went it Did you touch a
guinea pig yeah that cool hey you're
cute couple ladies stopped and said it's
so cute I said he is and he knows it and
he gets away with a lot but you do when
you don't huh they say I'm a good boy
I'm a good boy Pat hey what are you
doing over here ah there's ants are you
cleaning them all up Noah other ants are
they called Noah what's a call ah what
is it whoa okay whoa poop Noah likes
finding every individual tiny behinds
utila and accept the way he pronounces
it it kind of leaves off the N and the
tea and it's uh sounds like that sounds
like a naughty word but you're helping
out right you clean it up all the ants
don't see you a couple yeah see two
right there you gotta get those to get
those guys wanna kill them all and have
them die get him hi boys they like sued
make sure your help man haha
my friend Oh dejan texted me and said
Sam record the bachelor watch it with me
and I said only if you're bringing me a
milkshake but I said small and he
brought me a ginormous one so uh the
baby's I'm guy needs to be well fed so
like this so I told in how I only watch
it if I had chocolate because uh I
haven't seen any of this season and nor
do I care to watch wow this tonight and
we just talked about that trick what was
that tweet really oh gosh okay give me
one other Ted is cute right it's good
but it's hilarious no it's hilarious no
I'm sure she loved it yeah it's just
funny I'll take daytime would i choose
juju over the other two girls so yeah it
was good Rico suave over there
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
there's no Tyler Ennis hair this is how
we're gonna dance at Tyler's wedding
yeah and this is all during sandstorm by
the way no I'm daehan's obsessed with
picking up tyler a Britney Spears
earpiece we're closed down everybody oh
oh
this is a preview of June guys as a
premium June as a person heads up this
is going down in a couple months oh I
feel great about that I think it's
hilarious oh right yes girlfriend
