No
hey ieave me a cool dude the rest of the
guys everyone's wearing sunglasses shout
out to all the people out there that
give you love God Gary dryers dress
we're currently driving down to Salt
Lake to go to reality now invention
we're going do something didn't you so
really excited this is known as worst
soccer game after sporting event really
I went to the Mets game right just King
I like a baseball game okay we'll see
how he does we can tell you see softer
he's really excited so hopefully he
actually enjoys it
go crazy fill that because he's probably
not gonna have a nap whoa Hey ladies you
excited she suckered yeah you seem a
little tired but I'm watching an app
like pregnancy craving our first dance
we just ate pizza really alone my pride
true and it's never been it's never
tasted so good as it did today please
whispered is this very here we're just
kind of knows that traffic you will
arrive at 104 p.m.
back on our home turf is where we used
to live eventually went to two different
movies here the which was it Hulu Mary's
called meet the Mormons and now we went
to the operation underground railroad
movie that's here our rescue anyways hey
no I say hi yeah fine
look at this cute little couple already
a is there any no you need to they have
a park for the all the kids that go to
the game there's a lot of kids in Utah
it's pretty cool
know what let's eat
oh my goodness no cool
so happy today to be outside buy a $20
you pack like sweet I'm glad for 11
bucks so exciting
No
No
seriously
I feel like we're in like the student
section in a way
you just passed out when we went to
Trader Joe's so everyone else is in
Trader Joe's getting stuff geppu LA and
in and out if it's really what they say
Noah can I see the stickers on your face
show me okay cool cool dude did some
food
Oh before I do anything
oh yeah my stick round from dinner oh oh
oh it's over here
did you have fun today yeah we had a
great day today
hey I was kind of I wasn't worried about
how things would go but I was like I was
I was curious I was like I would know I
do now at a sporting event or even kind
of to sit there then I thought about all
the things that happen there how it
might be fun
so when Tyler said hey T should we go to
the real silly game I was like let's do
it like I want to go I want Jen to go
I want know to go on the whole family to
go I think it was a success I think we
everything went well no was a great
little boy today he's way happier way
happier definitely jiff fun today Noah
he's not wine no idea fun yeah he likes
see another airplane and see is good in
the car I mean a lot Wow I'll start kid
today so we had a really good time
because that and it was kind of a good
moment I was just sitting there holding
him and thinking wow this is what life's
all about
soon I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be
good you better believe it I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood
