Oh
phase three of room completion another
back to donate a lot of jerseys for my
mission in things oh hello are you
wearing my jersey because my Dominicans
look at there's a Dominican flag on the
side it's pretty awesome oh yeah you
like all my jerseys thank you phase
three jen i'm almost done i'm cleaning
this is ten nine ten years of clothes
maybe more you think about it probably
like 11 12 years of clothes I'm so proud
of them burger it's just hard to say
invited to some things some of the
memories I just like this shirt this is
a gift from jen that she gave me we were
dating she went to yellowstone and made
me that shirt and I just don't have to
throw it away are you putting more
jerseys on mm-hmm a scourge Sam has ever
done whoa whoa whoa whoa Jersey boy get
it Jersey boy oh this Jersey that Noah's
wearing was I was your first Jersey oh
yeah there's one of those fisheries they
forgot how old are you 45 is that the
one the girl in class pooped on oh look
at that see that's crazy though saved a
couple jerseys like mine you wore that
as wait how old r you again does no
imagery school aren't you school is that
like nine probably 10 less person aight
so nary look at and now know was wearing
it it was like I mean on school like
that would be the sweetest Jersey ever I
know it's crazy so that's something of
course we do not get rid up yes that's a
keeper especially this guy right now
your keeper oh I'm like a lot of people
but and not like i'ma let you me gave me
this is she's huge happy cute where did
we get house yeah Elia we did that was a
fun trip we should oh ok we weren't
vlogging then were we we've tapped so we
should we should
to find pictures of our trip to the
dominican there's the top videos yeah
I'm just trying to find those if you
guys are interested in that's a oh
that's a classic ask daddy Oh g98 NBA
Finals hat oh gee right here not it's
not very cute hat though unfortunately
classic classic but not cute oh my
introducing the one and on me know oh
you guys look so cool same coming with a
beating you know came in with his hat
and jersey on yes gonna climb up hard
that's kinda slippery wanna yeah ya did
that he can't even see that with his hat
on his nose pads on his eyes yeah what's
up before it was introducing the one and
only no wha Wow tada tada Hey look at
him wait look at mom show mom oh yeah so
yesterday and today we received a
package from Sam sister Lindsey look it
it's all wrapped cute for Penelope and
like the package literally said to
Penelope Anderson which was kind of
weird thank you Pastor real and we got
such a package from Christy with a bunch
of stuff in there as well so we're gonna
you like to go through this step Oh was
like spicy this yeah yeah it's almost
dinnertime and they're eating a party
sparty watching Big Ten Tournament right
now with my boy folders booster seat
over here he's excited oh you lose
yourself between those legs we can do
that oh okay pick it up so anyway I'm
gonna go through some of the stuff I
think Christy sent some of Papa's old
stuff
look I love this jacket when Pippa hat
is it is so cute and some cute pant I'll
just pull everything out and then just
hear the little clothes that she sent
that were pit buys that are so cute look
at this so cute love it and then I think
I know Pippa put these in here or crispy
did but I think these are for I want so
therefore okay the problem for Penelope
when she's older but I think Noah's
going to love them right now no I i well
okay because no is always putting on our
shoes so I could see Chrissy like being
like I'm gonna put these in for Noah I
know he'll love them okay he wants him
right now he loves me on both Sam in my
shoes and when we were at home we react
with the warm for something you want to
put on little plastic shoes but that's
it with his shoes on so I'm sure they're
eventually for Penelope but he look at
he's gonna have a heyday with those
right now I know Chrissy was probably
thinking of both of them enjoying those
shoes she also want to explain what
these are Sam yeah so we have so many
home videos from growing up we used to
record everything we did even playing
games like game night lead vlog every
weeks oh the VHS and and kiss that is
everything that we recorded and I'm
actually going to send that to a company
and have them digitize it for us I'm
kind of like the baby video so then we
can have all these you know forever yes
3gs and a whole bunch of defects that's
me awesome to see so many that's how
much footage so if we find anything that
we like will definitely share with you
guys and it'd be fun to like look back
at it ok I think gentlemen eat chips I
haven't loved watching your home I have
no home videos because i wish i had them
videos of myself to see like at that age
so I'm glad that Sam has some videos I
think there's videos will be somewhere
but i think it's like this and my dad
just hasn't been able to digitize them
or maybe they just I don't know if
there's any of me I think correct me if
I'm wrong mom or dad like I think our
camcorder broker something
I'm not really sure so that's really fun
we're excited to see what is on those
tapes because i think i've seen all of
Sam's home video tapes that they have
right now I think we are dating I
watched most of them oh those are each
one of those is like a sad movie hm yeah
I know I know I'm excited thanks Kristi
for all the cute stuff and the videos
were really excited to get those made
and for PJ to wear these cute clothes
and no it's excited for these shoes okay
and then this one is from Lindsay's
family for Penelope versus a week to
open it I don't know let's open it here
no let's just take the string off and
you can open it let's see what the card
says for spell it says Penelope you
can't wait to meet you we love you
already look uncle Nate aunt Lindsay
violet Daphne's house enable oh right
random with you seeing that I could
picture Lindsey like singing that while
he was expecting it ok no it's gonna
open it for his sister ah it looks cute
it looks ok take bigger trunks babe
bigger trucks already pull the clothes
out Oh
whoa baby clothes resistor oh look at
that strawberry dress with little
bloomers oh oh that's so cool oh my gosh
those pants look at these pants they're
like boho like this onesie oh my
goodness i just adore dream girl clothes
and boy clothes amigos oh look at this
onesie you guys look at oh yeah it's
nice Oh mom out did themselves look at
this little animal giraffe once oh my
gosh that is so cute I really cannot get
over oh when the one you doing child
excuse me you can't get over these pants
that all of these things it's so funny
Lindsey knows me so well because I would
have bought every single one of these
things in the store myself don't you
think yeah oh yeah i literally would
have Natalie too she nailed it thank you
guys I am excited for sister you say wow
look yeah I'll flamingo Wow zebras and
monkeys look there's a monkey oh wow so
fancy oh he was doing so well walking in
those I'm not sure if you can support
that and all your bowl stuff I know he's
weren't like a bulls jersey cuz they
don't know by now right yeah we tell him
what's going on yeah we uh as you guys
saw we're kind of give a date on a hard
time and just for fun cuz usually this
day hun giving the hard time he gives
Tyler for your time a lot of the time
and Aaron yeah he's gonna be that
forever time I guess ah yes I don't we
play and then today he thinks that Jen's
and labor who does and we have it
touches a favor
we have denied that she's in labor and
Sam thinks is just cursing me and now
I'm not gonna go into labor for a
forever oh he's taking a picture right
now him holding a baby he's gonna that
sits below p is he gonna say he I feel
like the Cap'n should be my daughter
don't you say I love the smell your baby
but cuz I big yeah because this is just
the show's day hunts character that is
he was messaging Jericho's like dude I'm
gonna get back I gotta get back I gotta
take care of Noah cuz he was no watch
Noah like the guys can't do it we love
you day I'm sigh good guy oh yeah yeah
heels are hard to walk in son they're
very hard maybe if we took your socks
off oh there you go it is bull JC like
look I got in one fight me oh it's so
funny look he's like okay I'm ready to
sit in my chair now I've got my jersey
I've got warts on and I've got my high
heels what's up everybody it's me this
is noah and this is the newest show let
me go yeah
no loves you perfect so you pretty much
love doing this ready I don't know this
is what's up guys this is the dad shot
didn't even write pig n poke it through
I'm gonna make her shot oh I missed a
mess it up this is the pregnant
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood patella
camera we try to then say this is the
so-and-so shot Oh from the ground oh no
shop oh yeah wow really kisses everyone
the shadow on the job oh hey
