good morning good morning it's a
beautiful day in the neighborhood that I
can't stand it
hey careful Stuart starch starch starch
hey no wait sit down real quick why do
you love stormtroopers so much why do
you love them so much that's faith you
sit facing me
why do you like stormtroopers so much
you guys I swear I don't have black eyes
I've been going to bed so early like I
literally at like 10 o'clock every night
like before 11:00 and I still have
purple eyes it's crazy
anyway why do you like torches so much
when do we do that
I don't I don't really know but he just
really loves them and so we've been here
on Amazon and there's this plush Storch
that I think I need to email over to
Easter Bunny oh you still a boy but
there's also like cute little toddler
backpacks have starches on them and then
I found this okay and here I'm like oh
yeah we're trying to not let him you
know be involved a store just so much
but it's all he talks about you guys
it's all he talks about store store
store touch touch and I just thought
there's not much I can do see you here
right now in do him storage storage he
even brought his book up here and picked
out the page that has the storages
anyway we didn't watch the show we don't
really watch torches yesterday that oh
did you find some cars but look I found
this on Amazon and I'm like kind of
dying what happened
what'd you do did you hurt your hand
does it need a kiss cuz we're handy the
kiss lately he's been having me give his
Howie's kisses look I found a mr. Potato
Head storage guys I don't know if he's
too young though I don't know it's like
you'd really understand like what you do
with mr. Potato Head but they're like
really fun I don't know if I ever owned
a mr. Potato Head so seriously like it's
so cool I think you would love it I
don't know I'm gonna see what Sam thinks
before I go to the Easter Bunny and uh
put my requests that I was finding these
little sports board books cuz he really
loves football yes he's really into
scorches sports and skateboards
I'm trying to find like they found these
little skateboard books but I don't know
if he'd actually read them we'll see he
really loves airplanes right now too but
he says Storch the most out of
everything
during the day oh did you spill water
are those from the bathtub Oh indeed
gotta clean up this no no no no no we
got gonna tell would I get top yeah
that's a Julie
daehan's Julie and also Logan Julie just
from Julie you know who you are
she we've met Julie a few times that
she's coming to the store and she's just
got no water here look at this look at
how much thought and effort went into
this welcome to the sweet world okay
good
cut out all this get anxious isn't it
opening no no I already got his own gift
okay what's in there pull that pull out
all the papers this bag is so cute
decision I do know this is not for you
buddy
but make sure you put on the guys you
can look inside Oh should know this huge
little Henry hugglemonster that actually
seems a little paw patrol the little
pack pack play packs and the little
coloring pages that only they're like
magic color oh no I'm saying though she
made her blankets
oh and burp cos it looks like oh oh burp
rugs yeah these are so pretty oh my gosh
Wow Wow it's a for baby sister
yeah this topic is so cute look my mom
actually made one these to invite they
crochet the outside they're so pretty
hold on I want to see what this fabric
is what the some are thank you
well no one likes football do you like
this join up borrow this open this one
too oh oh this night sleepers oh they're
purple Tyler they're purple their new
boys like this size like I guess she'll
be smaller it's crunch a sec I know it's
crazy
Thank You Julie oh my gosh I can't get
over how sort of it's honest they're so
pretty oh look at the other side huh
excuse me thank you
I know you know how to say the word say
thank you say thank you say thank you
and just uh the boys are over and Aaron
just felt the baby moving inside my body
I know our you know older when she's
brand new but obviously it's used to
hold them when they're brand new
collision lay there in your lap I'm
gonna give her to you right after she
eats oh she so she burps I'm you are not
immediately properly like
oh there goes Tyler wait let's spin them
faster we're all in a driveway drinking
Capri Suns and like jetting different
about us now than when we were kids
we're hanging out in the driveway
watching the computer no no don't barf
remember Aaron barfing is bad oh you see
the skateboard you close man she's got
really fast let's see how many one two
three oh look at there and go look at
there and go I got him halfway up this
today and I was like oh gosh freaks me
out I tell them that he has to tell me
when he wants to go on it but he but he
doesn't
you know climb up wow it's hot he's made
a short sleeve shirt okay what up peeps
so after the park we went excited to go
to have a lobe I wanted to go see David
and support David at his new work
establishment right so we just paid him
a visit had a good time yes at his
request well we did film but it's not
really sure it unless he gives us
permission which at this point he hasn't
so out of respect to him are not gonna
post the secret club but if he ever does
give us permission
he's just brand new and cheering for him
where is he where is he like where did
he go and look around for what he's
working whatever he's doing so for him
and this new working venture his new job
he's got so fun and now we're all right
so it's been a pretty busy day today we
had a long meeting after that I mean it
was like two to three hours we headed
back I was like guys it's a beautiful
day today why'd you guys come over we'll
go hang out at the park taking over
there because he loves it we had some
fun and then I took a picture of Aaron
this one right here on
this little mini Segway let's go to
things and basically I told him that he
should put the caption as my son because
de Haan always tries to act like Noah is
his son and I just thought it'd be
hilarious especially cuz des hommes out
of town right now and he really can't do
anything about it then after we went and
saw David tonight we started thinking
and were like hey we could do a lot to
mess with de onde right now so what
we're doing right now is actually uh
recreating one of daehan's Instagram
photos we just put no to bed and we're
putting it together right now and we're
gonna post it at de anza like the time
that I always post pictures so now
there's usually the one that takes all
the photos setting up the shot this was
the exact place where I was taken and
like anything that serious it's just
it's funny to see how daehan's reacting
because you guys take this kind of
seriously sometimes and it's just really
funny for Aaron his roommate to kind of
joke about it so he's wearing daehan's
Jordans Aaron is respecting the shoes
he's like all worried taking the steps
of like do you know I wore those this
week it's not a big deal oh my gosh if I
didn't know better let's date huh people
might not people might not even know
that's you like it's so good people
might not know it's you
it's good to have certain people in your
life that you joke like this with it's
good I hope you guys have relationships
like this in your life as well it's all
about this is the one we're going with
oh my goodness 8:47 and the picture is
up I'm going to predict the date on the
link because then people are going to go
and see you Dan's gonna comment in the
next three minutes I'm predicting and
he's gonna say Wow
Erin hurries me Ike sent us a text like
that predicting air right now
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you bad understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
ah the first response is in Aaron if
you're wearing my Chicago ones I swear
and you spoke to Aaron with me as a bit
I guess guess what they are my Chicago
Wentz
