Jen says that she is going into labor
she's joking
but she has been feeling contractions
don't look guys remember this egg okay
remember this right here hey guys so I
didn't really explain what was happening
today so I took Noah to taller time in a
minute with my friend Tara we've been
told a long time Noah is forcing Tara to
go down the slides with him
there he goes oh and there's teryn MJ
he's making them go with them hey MJ
music good job good job
beautiful beautiful music beautiful
music ready
I remember to finally pull my camera out
with Tara this is my friends here we've
known each other a long time yeah we
first got married yeah newlyweds yeah
we're the same more together and now we
have babies together and she just moved
back to Logan little while ago so now we
play together with the babies together
we play mom look at MJ MJ no and she
plugs her family too yeah Petersen peeps
give them D hug goodbye oh I get em d
hug goodbye oh that's nice that's a visa
no I use lately has been a attach to
whoever's playing on the jungle gym
yesterday our friends
where are the park with us I'm so nice
out and one of them was on the
playground come on now you're stuck yeah
I can go with me and today it was Tara
yeah I was stuck going down the slide
totally
well and you're going to free you
whatever that class is tonight something
crazy all insanity yeah cuz I'm insane
thing yeah yeah oh that is good
I know I know this baby's out yes trying
to find a friend but then it just never
had no but really I promise to actually
work a CIA helicopter take a dog and a
squirrel squirrel helicopter airplane
let's go
no but really that would be so sad let's
do it guys cute more of them this summer
we have to pool a lot I don't know why
it took us so long to like reconnect but
we did and now we'll be hanging out a
lot more cuz we just have so much fun
together it's like like you said it's
more of a mom playdate than a child
playdate cuz we just chat the entire
time and usually a lot like we usually
lose track of time and then like oh we
gotta go have lunch and stuff so funny
she uh she hates that I used that word
shoutout she's like we just do it for
fun you didn't have to do that and I'm
like I know but it's fun it's fun you
know and it's so much more common these
days like no different than when our
parents took the camcorder you know so
it's fun that we have all these memories
and she wanted to do that too and have
memories of her little boy growing up
and he is the cutest little boy ever so
if you guys really are interested you
should go look at their channel because
they are so cute and fun what we hang
out with a lot with them this summer
anyway now I'm at my friend Stacy's
house um she just had her little boy
Tyler a few weeks ago but we all got
sick so I couldn't see the baby and I
didn't want to like get any of them sick
or anything now I finally feel like okay
I'm not contagious I've had this for
like way too long already
and it's pretty much gone now and Noah's
not sick so sick and I'll buy didn't
bring no I kind of just wanted this to
time to be selfish and have like my own
hangout day with Stacy here a couple
hours well no I slept so I went to get
jealous or upset with me holding the new
baby or anything and I can just I just
wanted to sit there and hold this new
fresh baby from heaven
welcome Sam to the vlog it's me this is
my guest star on the blog Sam first time
on the vlog just wanting to say hello
I love Jenica so much I love Noah so
much and I love bunnelby
confession I love my customers and we
have them in our freezer
we have them every day Machida Mon I
probably have fun today yeah doing
something it's like the perfect snack my
pregnant I don't crave I haven't been
craving peanut butter at all oh good
yeah that's true no one's not a big
peanut butter jelly guy yet he doesn't
care for people in jelly only on a rare
occasion I love peanut butter and jelly
as a kid you support the team oh I don't
want to learn I don't want I don't want
him to learn bad things dad teaches you
bad things no no whoa because this huh
that's it the world I know but you said
the word a little bit sugar a little bit
of this look what I just found
good what do you think of these um
trooper and will Star Wars like some
curtains you see has all the different
characters there's a storage on there
and you can sleep in temples hanging out
I think you'll enjoyed them a lot more
when it's actually hung up I know I beat
all those shirts decide what I kind of
want
I think we're leaning more toward the
star wars room but I'm kind of nervous
like when he gets a big book like this
summer yeah oh look at oh look yeah you
have a paw patrol blanket huh you do
who is that Sehun only care for he
doesn't care for plush things I think
your don't care if it were Storch plush
storage that's what we say for
stormtrooper this is how people in a
mission in the Dominican Republic ate
the other a little bit some rice fan was
really wanting fried rice and avocado
for dinner commune five ministers rice
and avocado right that's all I wanted
today would you so he cooked us up some
rice cut some avocado
come on how you eating it are you eating
it yeah you're right oh that was such a
good bite is that good is dad a good
cook
oh yeah answer that oh it's so good he
can't even write needs a roof on Warren
here videos of this oh my gosh you guys
look so cute no grab the pillows no just
be the biggest smiley face ever there's
mommy now she can see yes oh wow that's
a pretty good for you smooth chilling in
there let's watch the video before okay
bye
I don't think I could crawl in there I
think I might wreck the fort father-son
blog so cute with will do perfect video
you got a mohawk look at that mohawk
hair
special numbers before bed we just
learned how to do push-ups the correct
push-up that's not the precipitate you
you just dude some yoga
like blinking now let's see we go up on
your tippy toes
this is how prayer looked tonight no not
climbing on his back do plank Noah he's
trying to grip on you can't get you yeah
he's slipping he's trying he's trying to
grip on his feet in your pants like his
feet into your pants you bum crack oh
there we go
okay give me show them for babe okay
ready okay Noah's turn no sir no just
the plank push-up just the plank just
just skip and stay there no no not
push-ups no push-ups before like this
like this do that
no just be clear I never showed him that
no even he was doing them good though
the point do a plank like Daddy like
daddy now trying try that
oh where she's trying to climb up you
right now okay you put them in the in
the form babe just on your toes
where does there you go there you go
there you go there you go that's what he
doing just thing there in a plank and
then you do push-ups oh wow those will
be my favorite push-ups forever there
you go that is bad influence
Jen says that she is going into labor
she's joking but she has been feeling
contractions Braxton Hicks that's what
they're called right I'm not gonna
position Bellevue baby I'll just get
here I'm gonna come back over here I
just gave dad a back massage and I'm
thinking maybe it's good it'd be good to
get a pregnancy massage yeah last time
remember we talked about last time
you're pregnant I was like you should
get one and hey we're here again I'll
find it Tommy
I did check hold on next week really
just really hoping that like oh yeah I
don't want or something really you said
to earlier today yeah the week checkup
start starting a week from today on
Wednesday we really should get
everything collected and cleaned yeah
I'm ready yep I think tomorrow yeah
because tonight I was sitting there I
was like what if Jen's water did break
what if we did have a baby tonight we're
ready but we're not as ready as we could
be you know I mean yeah exactly
all right oh my god vaso episode manana
let's do it Wow that Amos Spanish
remember when Noah was in the womb he
spoke Spanish I don't know what does
Penelope speak well you talk at all put
it oh well oh mama estoy aqui Hey
time for bed see his mom wise piece
why don't you tomorrow oh that's every
bed all right temper better like an hour
carrot if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you bad understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
that understood I have a surprise for
Jen that she almost found today
don't if you look I'll be very
disappointed don't look guys remember
this egg okay remember this right here
okay I'll bring it up it's a surprise
for Jen don't look don't you dare look
