Monica Elliott are over and we're having
dinner tonight and we're making photo
Rican food we made with a little girl
again
oh yeah oh yeah happy Sunday we haven't
started the vlog yet today we went to
church this morning have a great time I
have little church meeting after church
and then I actually took a really good
nap today which was the first time all I
did not at all last week
Sam's over cooking dinner together also
this is the new norm for when a monican
Elliot come over PJ becomes too baby
are you the baby are you a baby yeah she
says yeah she has to look like it
perfectly covering her like this and
just to have a posse and she has to have
the visor up here silly silly
a good morning ish you know we cleaned
up the toy room didn't we
we're currently doing a craft we watched
the Santa Claus movie after we cleaned
the whole toilet to just kind of chill
because craziness just it's like on and
off it's like light switch you know it's
like crazy not pretty like meaning that
children's behavior right now we're
having a good good moment Noah is
painting his Christmas trees and PJ went
down for a nap nicely which I was so
grateful for she was so tired today
Christmas trees like this one's a nice
paint oh and I and I try and eat them
what anyway we're making Christmas trees
now PJ is down for her nap didn't go
down she went down without a fuss which
is the first time in two full weeks that
she has gone down like this this well so
I'm so grateful we kind of make it fun
now going to bed like we race to bed and
we say ready set go and she says go
every time and that I do this stuff for
her desk I'm hoping that's working big
wow I love it
my mini up makeup for pie right yeah
we've gotta see what's at the store and
yeah and know what do you want to get PJ
for Christmas peek-a-ru but you and of
course your dancing unicorn don't she
know her bed
no dude yeah knock she has a pink
stuffed unicorn animal okay okay make a
grand green green jar a green star okay
make a green star love it love it
should give the picture to Harold give
him some Christmas cheer
we should YouTube a video on how to make
proper snowflakes huh when daddy gets
back maybe watch a video now and then
when Dad gets back we can try with a new
paper hang them up on the wall yeah
where do you want to put them on the
Christmas tree on the wall by elf bye
bye Harold on that wall yeah we should
tape him up to that wall over there ok
we finished painting no with have a
little bit of screen time this is still
sleeping I just got done tidying up down
here
because like I've said already party at
my house tomorrow for white elephant
gift for my young woman picked up the
toys that were left down here tied up
the kitchen so I'm gonna sit down for
this last half hour waiting for Sam to
get home hey you go on some errands he's
giving some more paper so we can make a
few more snowflakes and some kids others
for no because we don't have kids
scissors yeah he usually just does
scissor stuff like at school or whatever
but I figured at the time we get some
too so you can practice at home also I
don't even know how many days till
Christmas my kids just keep changing the
numbers but we're really excited I think
the kids are gonna be so excited when
family gets here so they have people to
hang out with and play with and cousin
Riker is coming and just so many people
you guys it's crazy how many people
let's see 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 10 or 11
people are coming to stay at my house
for Christmas it's gonna be crazy and a
lot of fun and it'll be nice because my
kids will be super entertained for the
duration of my family stay also don't
know if you guys have noticed this super
chapped lip going on it's turned into
like a blister it's so chapped I woke up
when I was like how it hurts so bad and
yeah my chapped lip is like out of this
world right
so I thought about that just then we
broke out our Japanese candy hall from
my friend Amy and we're eating snacks
because nobody wanted to treat but these
seem sour I don't know don't try it
waiting around I like strawberry good
mmm
weird
I don't got chewy it's a bubble gum
oh yeah look super sour flavor three
peach bubblegum but it's not with sour
tastes really good though that's wonder
daddy I'm scared
no it's good good my mouth it's good
it's my mouth just shoo it's weird looks
it like melts into like gum she just
came at me and she said dad I'm just
getting chocolate cookies whoa
watch.watch what feel it's so weird and
like it's really soft
I'm sorry mm-hmm that's really good it's
like Turk is that cool this might be my
hurry come over right I know it's good
gone really good did you chew it did you
swallow it
yeah you don't swallow it it's gum you
chew it you can't do gum yet guys yeah
we've made it to the store and watch
this video somebody who's calling right
now it's my dad hi dad say hired to the
vlog
dad hey we're supposed to be buying for
a sissy night you do you just love
minecraft right now your favorite so
we're here to find a present for PJ
though you're looking at things for
yourself well that didn't go well
we actually left without getting
something for Penelope but Noah did
point some things out so I think I'll
just go back and get it myself because
we're getting to the point where he
started one of things for himself and I
was like that's not what this is about
I'll have him help me wrap the present
once I get back with it I had this weird
occurrence though at Target but this guy
started to try and talk to us and he was
being very very friendly and I thought
it was just normal people stuff cuz I
was great friendly person he kept like
shaking my hand and stuff and then
Allison he wanted me to work with them
and I was like hey that's gonna and then
if I worked with him in the next three
years I wouldn't have to work a day of
my life ever again huh George Clooney
Jeff hey guys I was like I'm very happy
with what I'm doing right now thank you
though
the third shirt I've worn this vlog I
think this is a shirt that I just got
today check it out Arizona with an alien
Timmy ham sloth created this he's an
artist
in Arizona we have yet to meet I wanted
to go to one of his pop-up shops but it
was the same time that I was flying in
or someone was flying in so it didn't
really work out but I ordered some of
his merch pretty cool just wanted to
show you guys because I was pretty
excited to get it today I also got this
stormtrooper with this floral pattern
here's a cactus that's cool I got this
on Black Friday so it's very excited for
her to go I've been a little more
stressed out and busier than I had
anticipated this month and then also I
was like oh yeah I need to set up our
health insurance and I'm trying to do a
couple that there's there's a couple
different options this year it's
definitely critical especially when
we're having a baby
I think I talked about this last year
sometimes
getting health insurance it almost feels
like you're gambling like how hurt am I
gonna be this year my don't pay this
much of that much but when you're having
a baby it's it's a lot easier I guess to
anticipate the costs which are high even
with insurance generally Jenna's was
very helpful though the past couple days
have done a lot of different activities
and had fun and I've been able to
accomplish a lot of things I wanted to
show you guys something before in
today's vlog this this was actually
something that we bought I think it's a
nostalgic Christmas tree and it is
nostalgic because this is what my
grandma had does anyone else have one of
these as a kid or something like this
I'm trying to find this switch that is
this is so much nostalgia to me and I'm
so glad that we bought one I should
probably turn that off before putting it
back up but I don't want to drop it
decorated this cactus though which is
kind of my favorite lights we need to
start prepping games and activities from
the families here I really want to do
that siren rap game but if you guys have
any holiday games or traditions that you
guys like post them in the comments and
we'll do them and we'll film them and
it'll be a good time last minute my
rambling the hot wing challenge as long
as I can get enough people as in Jen's
family as in her brothers they'd better
not chicken out I think it sounded
unleash it we're gonna do it hot ones ha
I'm ready I have not tasted the hottest
one because I want to taste it for the
challenge all right we love you guys
thanks for your support we'll see has
them all peace
