who's here Oh who's running he's running
told you right now who is that
haha
oh my I missed all I missed most of the
screaming she's very happy to have tail
at the park we decided that if it's nice
that we're not doing Park Tuesdays
instead of library Tuesdays cuz so nice
out and they're crazy kids libraries and
it's just it's just too crowded for
children who don't want to sit and read
no it doesn't love to sit and read all
the time so where's the park it's nice
out it's a little colder than I thought
it'd be but very good soon I was like
whoa good job he's so happy I'm right
tell-tale I'm tired
today's been a good day I went to Zumba
this morning it's getting a lot harder
guys it's like I'm gonna winded and
jumping is just not my friend like
jumping up and down like oh oh but it
was good it felt good to move my body
and then came back and since it was nice
out took Noah to the park I met the
tails family you know I ate it going
down a slide into the the woodchips and
I'm all over his face he's okay and then
we came home and had a late lunch and
now he's going down for he just went
down for a kind of a late nap so now I'm
just cleaning up before I sit down
because I am I need to sit down my
body's telling me sit down I feel like
recently I felt like I was so low like
yesterday at toddler time one was like
oh I can't like you're doing a month I
was like oh yeah I carry kind of low but
then when I got home I was like wait she
kind of feels higher she feels higher
all of a sudden like like up here she's
a little bit more up here now and I
don't feel so just like flat
here than all belly down here it's kind
of I feel like she's up more she's still
head down but I feel like my belly's
like bigger up here now so I don't feel
as low cuz usually it's just like oh
whoa so I guess I'm really not as well
with I think I feel like I'm higher with
Penelope don't know with no I I don't
know anyway I feel like all of a sudden
I'm just like whoa like popped out here
a lot fun Dave
punch me break how many of you guys are
on spring break right now and if you are
why I look like I have a black eye was
it like makeup didn't know what hit me
in the face I don't know
Susie lose we have a black eye though
gosh what did I do
Wow this pregnancy brain thing it's like
my mind is not slowing down right now
okay how if you guys are on spring break
right now and if so did any of you go on
vacation or on holiday or take a fun
trip somewhere what are you guys doing
or maybe just vegging out at home
because that's what I usually that's
what we did a lot on summer breaks we'll
just be nice to sit and not have the
thing about homework so all right let's
see the progress oh yeah we're going in
right now been outside for a while Oh
show me show me the progress let's see
how you're doing
there you go cruisin do you do two feet
Oh high kicks high kicks high kicks do
you feel there you go that's good I got
to turn it you learn how to lean with it
there we go high kicks high kicks Oh
we're cruising were cruising now workers
in two feet two feet two feet two feet
two feet
bb8 you're the man welcome to the block
this morning this girl right here I kind
of turned around it I would be a bad
weatherman
she went and worked out less than one
month until you're having a baby
some people don't work out at all I just
I don't know I wake up to jennifer
working out that much especially well
being pregnant Noah got his workout in
today we've been scootering a ton
running around are you hiding behind the
couch goose I'm gonna try and clean up
the room a little bit more yesterday Jen
said to me to clean up his clothes and
things which is true so I think I'm
gonna do it right now yeah I went on a
couple errands when you move into a
place that's brand new you have to get a
trash can and a recycling can and so got
that figured out kind of today they're
just gonna drop it off on our lawn place
is like impossible to find I also have
Bowl night tonight
which is really good for me good workout
although I was playing like three times
a week at one point and then when we had
Noah yeah two to three times a week in
Logan and then we moved to Salt Lake
I didn't play at all and I gained
probably like 20 pounds and now I'm
stuck with it and now I'm trying to get
it back it's that dad wait no way the
thing is about Jen and I said it to her
last night I was like you're not fat
like you just have a baby there you know
sometimes I feel like you feel like
you're like oh my gosh just baby just
the baby stomach in the birthing hips
whatever I think you look beautiful whoa
what are we looking at hmm oh wait who
is that Noah who's that on your shirt
yeah what's that guy's name his name's
uh who is it starts with it starts like
this remember chase that chase
yeah yeah that's chase he's acting a
little shy
you having a good day today what else
you want to do today before you go to
bed doing a dance at all okay what else
anything else do you want to clean up
all of dads boxes yeah you guys are
watching that right after his net yeah I
think I mentioned the vlog before this
my new office area so we have four
bedrooms and one of them is this this is
where I get all my tricks and stuff fun
editing photos posting things working on
videos ideas emails etc there's also
where I edit all the vlogs currently
it's pretty fun set up I enjoy it this
bed will probably also be in here I just
need to clean up these boxes and then
move the desk back over now so I got my
shoes put away there's some of my shoes
somebody guys probably want me to go
through and show you what those are I
don't have as many shoes as I used to
I actually got rid of a bunch of men
sold some and I don't even think that's
all the shoes that I had right now I
think I'm missing a couple to most
people that's really like Wow way too
many shoes but uh these are the ones I
put a basketball in right now I got
these for 30 bucks from Foot Locker
clearance they're a Derrick Rose shoe
got the Chicago flag right there but
yeah I can go through some of these if
you guys want to go through two phases
of clothes right now I am first well we
were packing I went through stuff and
donated a bunch of David and also to
Goodwill
I'm going through again and going and
seeing if I can donate some more yeah
maybe give some more to David because
David has been wearing my clothes lately
Jen's always giving me a hard time I've
pretty much held on to all my clothes
since high school because I just feel
like I would wear him again but some
things let's face it I'll probably never
wear again because I'm getting too old
and I was like 160 pounds then almost
week 36 and I'm just ready to have my
body back house ball night dude good
exercise I really need to work out my I
was thinking like driving on the way
home I was like I should just stick now
into the gym and then she do for them in
the morning because they can't a lot of
people at the gym like the best loops in
the morning when you go where Oh at
that's what's kept ya know there's never
there's only ever like maybe like one
person knife see whatever right actually
just get a membership with humans are
good and just anything you should you
can work out yeah like on Tuesdays
that's like the pinnacle of how I feel
yes oh great oh I like someone in some
mornings some mornings there's classes
on the gym but not all the time not all
the time though yeah people are saying
the acid reflux thing usually means that
the baby's growing hair you know that's
heartburn that's like the same thing
kind of but it's not acid reflux with
Noah and he didn't have like looking
back you'd have a ton of hair right hair
not everybody had a ton of hair he's
boring but not a ton I remember my first
hair are 11 and then Joel's kids they
come up with a ton of hair okay but
either have hair you don't anymore and
the writer and then you little hair
right
sanim like Galan mo dude you're saying
like a long like two seconds ago
lawnmower
who is that sounded like girl oh I can
lift a car up by myself fair oh boy
but he was like waiver use and you're
like my stuff all by myself can't get
over this ham
he's like forehead line of Baldy were
brown and man you got that LeBron
haircut they're like it's going back
farther and farther Oh bless you I keep
finding these little hairs everywhere
he's really balding are you said to the
kitten you can't just look too much he
did not say a thing
are you my mother you said to Ben no
said the hen the hen was not his mother
so the baby bird went on hey buddy cool
shoes dude look at those are you look so
Paul's right now
but I never my heartburn like my acid
reflux is here it's not like in my heart
burn area like people when they get
heartburn it hurts our chest doesn't it
there's this acid reflux is here here's
a question do you think Penelope will be
blown up they're like the same route as
no actual will be born I they're not
very much I don't think like assume that
like the same enough maybe question
number two if she comes out olive like
more like Noah she can come out very
fair and not have any hair
come on bald like you could give you a
bulb uh question number two do you think
she'll get the col de sac hair oh gosh
after I'm gonna say yes difficult oh
yeah I don't have the cola Secor yeah
yeah so you won't be ugly cute like Noah
was it's so not cute it's cute right
look you back oh my gosh no I he was
like it was like no hair here oh it's so
funny it was funny he was cute
and now he's a big boy who's afraid of
the dark somebody somehow he's afraid of
the dark right now more of the dirt just
not being alone yes doesn't like being
alone cuz he's fine he's fine
using this period like
in the dark during its naps or anything
or even know it's just he loves you I
know he just doesn't like being alone
these days so we put it in the night
light in his room tonight yeah and Jen
said this is a stormtrooper light and
then he was able make him brave and
Bucky I tell him there's nothing to be
afraid of and like I try not to even
talk about being like afraid so it's not
really a thought for him but please just
see that he likes to have fun he likes
to party oh yeah I got really excited
today because I started to think about
all the babies entering the world yes
like too much how much our friend
Karen's gonna have a baby the weeks our
friend Steph's having a baby in a window
than us and then us and Kourtney and
then Kourtney met Haley met in healio
many people oh my gosh so bad that's
actually well what are you having ruff
you what would you say I said I'm
getting it wrong well it does not mean
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you that understood I
just turn it off wait say hi again
hi rough boy
