hey did you get dad's good book
okay well you're away where I was like
oh you mentioned i went to tow a lot of
time and then here are the clips from
toddler time we're tracing bodies today
and he's all about the tracing the body
part oh and oh you're tracing yourself
now good job color it in we should color
your shoes and stuff down here no no no
not your actual shoes the paper good
good job be colored in his face a little
bit and I want half of another body over
good job from another color okay are you
go dance now okay see ya
oh here he comes aside to Jon those cat
shirt cuz he refused to wear any other
shirt today he just wanted the cat shirt
today
huh we're gonna make gonna make
something cool push it push your good
stuff like a pile
not that let's show his outfit he's OOTD
that he picked out himself his elbow TD
to get pizza cat from Aaron's mom he
picked out why himself today well we
were away Sam can i watch her enjoy him
I'm so happy we were so nervous that
they weren't gonna fit yeah we were
there actually three inches on the
website did to their 30 but they're
actually 27 inches wide oh my gosh I'm
so happy are you gonna drive my hat I'm
so excited yeah I took out one of these
poles so this fits a little better oh
it's a good idea sonali's can open it up
ready to do some laundry oh it's
actually there's water in there yeah
didn't they tested it I'm so excited in
there Noah I'll get in there don't be
under Gander that's been know what we
don't climb in washer and dryers we got
to talk about safety yes me well sir
this is not a toy not why this is for
washing clothes dangerous these are moms
moms toys not Noah toys your squirrel
colored on or anything like that do you
have my hat for me get dad's head out of
there no okay no you're good eppley
there's a lock on here so they kids
there's a child lock so kids can come in
mr. Connolly that's nice and luckily he
can't open these doors either and this
so this door whilst now stay shed thank
you let's go Wow cool but I'm very
excited we didn't even have to take the
door off high five we did it I'm so
happy so now I get to do with 50 loads
of laundry today cuz it's been building
up for the past how many weeks since we
moved
but no it was a really good point to
other time we had a good time huh you
thirsty oh what Oh what do you want tell
me yeah you've to tell us what's that
are you hungry you want lunch drop food
y'all something to drink once you want
juic e i spelled it yes is how to spell
hey what do you want hey what do you
want in here okay what do you want
babies accounting hey a yogurt oh ok ok
please yeah yogurt yeah oh oh oh joke
you say thank you oh yeah I see you
every day happy birthday to you are you
there I can't hear you can you hear me
right dude this is your first ever
responds I think oh that's spicy hey
don't expect this sort of thing every
day but yeah we haven't me this on again
on it you've had sips of like my
strawberry that limeades left which is
spicy would your spicy please never had
his own little described on its back to
a kid and I spicy but the straw they
gave us it's huge here's a good job you
see the guys first time working uh-huh
you know we had some trouble with our
order it's whatever so I was just like
all right big Strauss is fine I don't
know I want to give him confidence like
it anyway I was like thank you you have
a great day
do you like it maybe he won't ever want
so maybe he'll be like your uh what was
his name year old mission companion who
oh yeah let the soda GI my mission
really really good guy he would take
soda and like put in the fridge like
shake it up trying make it flat and then
he would drink it don't shake it don't
shake it though buns with us partner you
too that's what I love about soda don't
shake it baby I was about the ding dong
good you got to keep the brothers in
death oh hey your mug oh please miss
your tail we came for a surprise visit
yeah oh he came for a surprise visit
hold right now you just like cruising
around by yourself yeah woo you're
outside with I'm not thanking your big
kid yeah side with your mom yeah oh I
see her I see you look no I go get in go
run around we came to play with tail for
a minute okay we practice and uncle
block Douglas yuh we having some balls
tricks and boys or girls cuz a
girlfriend inside I had girlfriends Te'o
has a magic trick for everyone explain
it please sir here you got put your hand
see where they look for I'm gonna say
well I her hat okay trusty assistant has
his hat on hi my eyes are closed Europe
my eyes are still closed Oh what God the
Pharrell hat word is your ball go where
to go ah look at AO back at it again
with the paw Patrol sucks no we're back
at it again with the skateboarding what
uh let's see you gonna do some tricks
yeah he jump Noah what's up baby I'm bag
on snapchat never feel better watch this
beginning of this yeah nice stormtrooper
don't good job dance around dance around
hugs right you're so true that gives
hugs like this look at Stargate handle
is everybody wha chu 3 did you did
you did you did you have my vaca mom hug
my mom hurry it ends with a hug for mom
hug mom free ah thank you to complete
180 from the other strum treated at
and show that which is this seriously
we're trying to in a try and move away
from straight fingers for a little bit
but hark Saul he says all day long porch
door / butch all day like it's so rough
anything up on the TV turn around easy
it's worse than that he like nice
stormtrooper nails nice stormtrooper no
no no seemed a very nice structure Oh
China huh yes on your cactus dancing
storm drillers rest assured well it
keeps falling off of them are you Smitty
once he's trained by himself sick if you
get his eyes as yours okay it's gonna
make you sick maybe you can clean it up
every sick yeah that's pinning it up hey
how're you doing how you feel de deudas
really easily really yeah like we're
under I don't they could ever do that
yeah good job Noah there you go there
you go since you can't find his actual
strong trooper though he just carries
around I have no idea i also have no
idea where it is like he put it some
words in a box or something um he
carries around the little gun now like
the Stormtrooper gun so now he's just
like
oh oh you need a bad yeah that kid does
me the back he's been playing all day
hey raise your eyebrows hey how did he
get up there what's the matter he's
going on Oh guys I dropped my dang phone
in the toilet today I always forget that
my phones in my back pocket and many
times it's all I'm like the floor of the
toilet like the floor of the bathroom I
cop niggas or I like catch it right once
led to fall today landed right in the
water oh that's why I stuck it in rice
for like most of the day I haven't been
on my phone and the sound doesn't work
so I'm hoping if I just shut it off and
have it in rice overnight like all night
long maybe it'll work but I don't think
it's going to I feel like the damage has
been done I pulled it out really fast I
swear I just need to not own a phone
because I have cracked so many of these
screens I have the worst luck I just
needed like getting otterbox case
something just really ugly and bulky Sam
just expects it now these days you know
like well don't worry Jenna he'll be
fine it's not like just like normal
klutzy gen to just break every phone
break every dish we owned being pregnant
makes it worse but being comes with my
phone is just an everyday thing but it
was fun was doing four loads of laundry
I'd only know how many loads of laundry
I did by did quite a few and it was
awesome and my like my washer and dryer
make music what like they like kind of
like dddd let me turn them on and then
they play like a full song
they're done because I can't really hear
them back because ring like the bat
closet downstairs but they'll play like
yeah I don't even know I don't remember
the song is but Mike oh sweet they're
done or they're like close to being done
so that's kind of cool Tim's a good day
we went and surprised that we have a
little surprise visit at tails house for
Noah and thao to play for a few minutes
before dinner I've never had heartburn I
don't know what heartburn feels like
acid reflux just sits here like right
here it just feels like fire in my
throat just like acid there's someone
like I wish I could just kind of I
almost wish I could just like throw it
up and just be done with it but I've
taken so many tums anything IE it
started when I had those I kind of
finish the rest of the bag of M&MS today
and then I've had acid reflux ever sent
some like I'm gonna cool it on the candy
and sugar hmm that's why I don't know
where Sam is
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood let me
just throw away my popsicle stick while
I'm getting up um we also found out we
can hang a curtain rod so we won't have
to have our bookshelf and box in front
of our sliding glass door and worse not
only fun I want to get that done this
week and um we need to get Sam going on
i'm packing you off his clothes because
he has a lot of clothes to attack
