I look half-ass I was asleep does my
falling asleep every night like the nine
o'clock okay on the couch which is good
because you don't get enough sleep and i
don't think i ever do i met in the blog
sometimes a night goodness i need to get
more sleep because my eyes are just so
that's cuz someone's a night owl both
not look very good together we need to
get our sleep this is as you're watching
this vlog today there is one month is it
a seven tomorrow oh my gosh but today
watching oh gosh one month until the
duke and you know so she'll come on
there actually is exactly cuz this is go
time when my gosh oh gosh I've got a
little anxious
it's usually tell me that the making
scared no eyes the food no I'm like
that's good this house are dashed I'm
become a drill sergeant Jen don't forget
we're gonna shake in the washer and
dryer tomorrow yeah I traded I'm saying
this to get points I traded a washer and
dryer instead of going to spring
training for the Cubs right Jen you
didn't train it was a joint decision we
both really wanted to go to Arizona this
week so we can just see some friends go
to cub spring training get some nice
warm weather going to portillos but then
you buy a washer and dryer and it's like
maybe wishes the plane tickets you know
like keep it somewhat of a budget and
live within our means and not just like
be crazy so what's up my crazy you can
be it comes to having a budget up i'm
recording hi happy sunday how was church
how was church today best has been in a
while it's pretty good we didn't do full
three hours of inertia he actually went
with Jen for an hour I think next week
he'll do better even better Jeff fun at
church today it's it's so interesting
every time we show up to church as soon
as we walk in look at the pictures Jesus
I got something you learned a long time
ago in it just like sticks with a mini
constantly says it in stitches we never
like tell like that Jesus he just goes
up as like it's Jesus Jesus yeah did you
have fun some people give you some
stickers yeah you flirtin with people
nice women who are sitting next to me
yeah I'll take this moment to just shout
out anyone at church airport public
areas they have patience for people with
kids I appreciate you too sometimes when
you're too quiet setting it could be a
little tough but wouldn't have any other
way so i would say sundays are always
hard for us to vlog sometimes because we
wake up we try and get ready for church
on time today no actually took a nap in
the morning
right then we try and get Noah fed that
we try to get in church when we get back
from church or usually should be super
hungry it's like usually pretty late
Sammy that I think I'm coming up with
excuses but its just oh yeah we got lost
on our way to church sometime somehow
hahaha anyways it's usually just like a
hectic day for some reason we don't
really walk much of it either because we
don't really blog a church and you know
I've been kind of hard I've always
thought about maybe taking Sundays off
but we'll see we could always just have
some days where we talk like this this
is usually when we do q and A's sure big
things that have happened though today
that I'm really excited about and almost
cried about Oh number one we woke up
seeing that Charles and Ali are engaged
maybe so happy we watch that video the
other in bed and we're okay Oh amazing
them they are just they're such good
people every single moment that we've
spent with them it's always been good
it's been really fun they've been so
nice to us I just feel so good to see
them happy I'm sure when people are
happy it makes you happy how many times
can we say happy we're so happy i'm just
so i'm happy i we watch that and you're
just both just like yes we were like
high-fiving gen screaming crying is
great welcome sir hey it's pouring rain
it's kinda raining a lot yeah he's
asleep issues there yeah we have a whole
closet flying go hang that up oh yeah
uncle Bumi's here Nova uncle poopies
here look is here hey welcome welcome Oh
house this is crazy isn't it crazy I was
brand new testament you would be the
type person when it's pouring out to be
wearing gym shorts and flip flop that's
why you are football your socks don't
get wet get soggy that's cool it smells
so good that smells bloody lip imam
where do i go where no ago no gosh he's
up ah hey it's a bedtime whoa anything
drooling on your head right now secondly
just want to give a shout out to Amy and
Tyson waters I just watched your video
you guys are pregnant I'm telling you oh
why people haven't seen yet
congratulations I wanted to talk about
it no you can oh no I think it's fine go
for I was really that is in the comments
now and stuff so I'd love that was
another moment tonight where I was like
man find it life is good there's some
days that are just phenomenal nothing we
got pretty good day to think we did he's
a good night world what is this like
daddy son acrobatics for bed is Chuck
he's a good night world it was our next
rig ready let's do our next chick Oh
crafted hip hey do your forward roll you
do it so well do your somersault Noah
not the splits merciless right no having
to do a somersault ah
Oh shoma somersault Jason results
somehow push ups oh can you push ups do
push-ups miss Bishop sir quite hilarious
it's a great push up well do it away
from Daddy not into daddy good job do it
one more time that's the split summers
up Go Go Go momentum hey one good taller
time tomorrow fungal taller time
tomorrow we haven't gotten about tanks
gonna go tomorrow morning Kate want to
go to mom that'd be good cuz we gonna
watch your daughter sing that song get
him out of there see momentum there you
go oh the other thing I wanted to
mention before we wrap this up and thank
you for watching this today a little
Sunday chitchat our neighbors have been
awesome yes we've had neighbors come
over come out of their way I did not
think I real thing when neighbors going
knock on other neighbors doors I don't
know I thought I was just movies it's
because I've never lived in like a house
it's it's hard sometimes you know to
make the transition into living in a new
place and then going to church and
there's all new people because that's we
went to a different building and
everyone was so gracious and nice to us
are one of our neighbors that lives
behind us came over and brought over an
entire plate of monkey bread yeah and it
was delicious we've just had somebody
ever seen gosh like hello to us go other
way to say hi nicely know a lot hey oh
my gosh he was a little crazy man and
relieved study with me cuz you didn't
want to stay in our shoot by himself I
wish I had the camera cuz I want any
mother / today everyone's like in the
hallway and they're all i can noah and
everyone's like oh my gosh so cute like
i was like talking and laughing I looked
at any points of you guys dad has
stickers all over his face no yeah no
they're all over his face like peeling
off and all over she's like yeah look
someone had fun so I'm definitely
getting stickers for church I'm just
like closing my eyes right now why are
you closing your eyes you ready say
prayers okay Oh charms okay didn't you
like me okay oh you like that so funny
cuz you want off this ice close okay
okay okay are you gonna say it say
thankful for this be thankful for church
thankful for mommy and daddy um I just
watch it glows in the dark it does we're
changing the heat by reacting like the
light like the electricity's up I don't
know why you're doing that electricity's
night Hey hi you're cute thanks guys
tell which I love my refrigerator all
right thank you tried to save me oh dang
it my husband uh the fridge is pretty
nice to you are you one of those people
that love a pliant like are literally in
love with other objects like you want to
kiss this right now I do that so much
but I'll just stick with hugging not
kissing what was there anything else
going on today I just feel heaven I just
never feel generally oh really I'm just
so grateful I feel like sometimes
transitioning into a new like ward
building especially it can be difficult
but for like the most comfortable
already in this one then I haven't a
long time yeah I Roger like this is
definitely a good place for us women
right really good people sleep everybody
guys have that we're neighbors going
knock on your door to actually bring
over the question of the day hey Dad a
neighbor introduced go other way to be
nice to you and bring you baked goods
extra points is it was monkey bread
extra points if that monkey bread was
cooked in a Dutch oven wow that's good
fancy give up in the mountains we fire
we have
a month to get ready this is it final
questions a lot of people been asking I
think we should make a video to Penelope
like we made for Noah Oh some ideas for
that and slashed I get all emotional I
start getting his uh or his start
getting her room set up you know I don't
have noah give his thoughts and we also
need to get everything that we have
planned for Noah as far as the baby goes
set ya goin cuz this is go time when my
gosh oh gosh I just got a little anxious
hahaha sooo beer fest yeah oh boy we
will sleep because we don't get enough
of it when we should see us tomorrow
thanks for the Sun in chitchat it's good
chitchat peace love you
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I hope I
wash and dryer fit tomorrow oh yeah
that's the other thing I was washing
washing I was measuring the space today
and I'm not sure if it's gonna fit and
I'm not that big
