like it no no is that cat tickling you
yeah oh yeah be nice it's the neighbor
cat we came over to just read over it
sat with us
oh are you excited for my nice Derby
just one of the reason why I love her
she's embraced our entire family and she
just loves him
are you know what good morning guys I'm
in my office right now
oh do we hit pause yeah thank you there
we go
this kind of my setup right now it's
just evolving and beginning but we're
watching storm trooper videos right now
because that is Noah's absolute favorite
thing to watch storm troopers he's
obsessed
right can you see storm trooper Stuart
that's insane storm trooper he's a Star
Wars Star Wars
oh it's candy Johnson it's gonna hit
yeah he's obsessive this and it's
intense I am too Derby if you're
watching this we love you
way to go she was trying to get into
like different high schools and things
in Europe who's here Noah he just got so
excited to dejan it's been a couple days
hey who is this you know dude you want
to match dad see my shirt see my shirt
okay oh you get one too that was yours
no put it on yeah you think yeah let's
take your shirt off
yeah buddy perfect fit you look so good
oh let's see you pose comes your mom you
can be all shy comes your mom look look
up why are you being all shy look at
your shirt this is much dad yeah
does that shirt give you special jumping
powers oh yeah do peace signs yeah pose
up for oh like this it's a new thing for
ya there you go
peace peace of street like this what
about this one you deal with the shotgun
like that we're back outside enjoying
the nice sunshine and fresh air and no
jacket so great back on the scooter
enjoy the nice weather while we can
sam says might snow on Sunday I hope not
how I really hope not you saying day hon
hey hon hon come play with me
where you going where are you going okay
I'm all zoomed in on you now oh look
there he is he was yelling yeah there
we were back with our cat friends yes
they are so cute too
and they're so nice they're so nice
which is awesome sometimes yeah gentle
gentle they become friends with the one
that doesn't like know as much go see
that one hi hi kiss no crazy boy
no is so cute soft soft soft gentle
gentle she's chasing bugs
Leonard Leonard run around okay no no
the cat would be terrified to thank this
guy you just look at look at the kids
giving him cuddles oh airplane yeah he's
starting to spot the very high high ones
oh you like that cat oh I know oh no
where they got it I want it yeah do you
like that Kitty oh she's gonna get you
so cute okay so no is asleep upstairs
Sam's editing and working upstairs and
I've just been I have been on my phone
well it didn't so nice out with me and I
went to the park and then we were
playing out Friday plump kitties and
since he's gone down have been on my
phone online shopping
you know I don't buy stuff online
because it's really scary for me because
my proportions like my torsos really
long but my legs are kind of just
regular I would say um so it's really I
get nervous shopping online but I was
watching the Sam sisters at Christie's
vlog and she was like if you want to get
stuff for summer get it now because
things will go and then I'll just be
hoochie stuff and it's so true so I went
online and went to Old Navy because just
curious if they've have more online than
they do the store they have way more
online so I just bought a bunch of like
summer dresses because last bit gets
really hot here in this summer like high
80s 90s you know like sometimes in the
hundreds and last summer I was like
dying of heat and sweat it was so hot
being in like jeans and like jean shorts
I don't even have that many pairs of
jean shorts so like I was in jeans a lot
and it was really hot until this summer
I was like for this summer everything
that I want more dresses I want to like
build up where like summer dresses out
just casual summer dresses um
and Old Navy actually has a lot right
now and um what's awesome is that they
have the tall option because since my
torso so long dresses usually ride up
because they are long here and then they
like stop way above my knee and I like
my dress is to go to my knee or even
below my knee um so I got a bunch who
took to try to see if they'll work I
mean I can't really try them on right
now because I'm still pregnant but like
you know hey even if like some of them
might work while I'm pregnant maybe I'll
wear them now but I've heard to mention
when the shoes and like the clothes and
stuff come in I'll do like a little I'll
show you guys what they got basically
we're with uncle poopy we came to take
some pics of knowing this cool new shirt
huh which launched today on our Shay's
birthday and
whoa Oh try again dragon oh hey hey hey
hey wait wait wait there's a street you
go wait for daddy to bring it to you
okay why you gotta ruin my funk guys
David now where you work so they can no
fook we got a cool new job they actually
they actually said cuz I mentioned
something about like a little bit of
everything to my boss he was like well
that's really cool but just like he
basically was like don't tell anybody
where well blur your face out so they
don't know who are serving us turn
around now you have the most perfect
little boy handprint yeah he's getting
better at that thing Indian food
one of our favorites I love getting
chicken tikka masala I get it extra
spicy Jenny loves butter chicken she was
extra saucy yes and tonight it's like
the best cuz it's saw CJ yes oh my gosh
and it was so saucy to me right but I'm
so happy because I just loved the naan
with the sauce and no one really likes
guilty that we were eating out a lot
because when we moved we did eat out a
lot because that's what we're doing so
we cooked all this week mm-hmm and now
we're treating ourselves on a nice
little Friday night know what do you
love Indian food yeah no just kids you
sleep snuck a bite or two before the
prayer we do the prayer as its ending he
looks up he goes hmm
okay well blow blow on it we'd like
someone out there if you had a good
recipe feel like chicken tikka masala I
don't even know if renounce it right let
us know cuz I love it
the spicier the better know this ah the
aftermath did you eat it all you are the
best eater in the world and you did it
by yourself Superman
he also said today that like his hair is
getting so much thicker like yours which
brings up another question we are
getting closer to having the baby we
need to start talking about like wait
link not in this vlog color wise color
here I brought here belly this catches
it always give it all over your lips and
face do you look like a little kid with
a cool a mustache funny Jenna's gonna
help yeah you got some rice on your face
we'll talk about guesses very soon
why some you like a little like
spreadsheet or something I think still
to this day I think my favorite thing
about the house though I actually love
upstairs I love everything about it but
sitting here sitting here still with you
guys a little dinners it's just a so
relaxing it's like my dream it's been so
relaxed very relaxing good job dude
thanks for being a part of that we
couldn't have done it without you
carrot if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
