I think that was a draft noise make
sounds like a go big yeah sometimes you
just feel that way as a parent right
right I'm not the only one right I feel
and who cries and I feel like a terrible
parent are you doing
it's a beautiful day in the night but
gosh I like I can only take 59 degrees
it feels like it's 70 80 money to the
park okay my little scooter babe let's
go to the park yeah I see a hoop yeah
let's go let's go it's getting better oh
good the ultimate most ultimate
distraction for children rocks oh my
goodness this kid we have not made it
very far because there's just too many
rocks everywhere that he wants to throw
into the bottom of the stroller and yes
I'm pushing an empty stroller because I
know I'm going to end up caring either
carrying that back or him back from the
park I was like okay let's bring astral
I know how far this park is good job
you're doing so great he's really
getting the hang of it good keep going
he's so muddy and dirty already yeah
let's keep going this way and just like
that I'm very happy to have my stroller
with me I knew this exactly what
happened luckily as scooters really
light it's like maybe five pounds if
that so it's cute seeing little bb-8 in
my stroller just me and my main man
sharing some capri suns cheers cheers
dude we measure the park well it's so
nice out today I just can't even believe
it we've got some nice little kids
they're probably like five and they
wanted to play with him so grateful for
the pack I love bigger kids oh yeah the
dogs are coming over to play huh sounds
nice you got to play with some kids for
a couple minutes the sama is waiting for
the blinds guy to come because he's been
selling our blinds today he was supposed
to come out 11 didn't show up until like
one when Noah had a nap and then were
like oh can you come back after his nap
now so that was just a lull annoying but
hopefully they get installed soon huh I
can't get over how warm it where'd it go
I don't know the airplane went bye-bye
he finds every airplane this guy I can't
believe how nice it is out here it
seriously feels so warm and so amazing
and I just can't believe it makes me so
happy today started off a little rocky
you know it's just one of those days
where you needed to just let out let the
waterworks go I was feeling very
pregnant and emotional this morning so
that was fun not just some of those days
you just feel like a bad parent you
don't I mean it just gets to you you're
like I hate disciplining my kid but like
when he is naughty gatsby discipline and
it makes me feel like the mean parent
and so it just kind of got to me today
it's all good we're good we're having a
much better afternoon he had a really
good nap I had a nice little sit-down
and relaxation minute it's just yeah
sometimes you just feel that way as a
parent right right I'm not the only one
right nothing line who cries and I feel
like a terrible parent would you feel
like the mean parent so yeah we're we're
feeling but I think we're all feeling
better now poor Sam we were driving to
lunch to just me to cry and i just
thought i would like yes I just need to
cry for a minute just feeling very
pregnant and emotional let's see if I
can zoom it ah you scared me oh my gosh
hey turd oh gosh he needs his feet back
up try again bud yeah try again
gravity and physics man Sam I've noticed
the older we get the more dizzy we get
on certain things okay hang on real
tight Noah oh gosh babe I don't want him
to fall whoa oh gosh yeah oh you're
strong oh he's like laughing instead of
crying I can't if he likes that okay
hold on really tight whoa hang on hahaha
here's another airplane every single
airplane he has to stop this guy's
content playing jacks ok big you much
today thank you no thumbs up a peace
sign that's pretty good does he do this
just use thumbs up like that yeah that
then do this huh just thumbs up like
that hey thumbs up thumbs up he just
looks so big today Sam was just saying
like oh wow he's actually just playing
in bing calm because he's got what he
wanted he had dinner he died in a row
it's been a little off walls lately we
still haven't looked at our kitchen deal
with it that we want to buy because the
minute we step in the store it's just
like wow he's like I've never seen
Dragon Ball Z but because he does that
yeah just like yeah I kind of explained
today how we've all been feeling good
today what's good no very good today for
the most part mom just wasn't as great
today I think it for good for the
morning time yeah what oh wow good job
are you concerned about you it's good to
cry you know you're connecting with your
emotions quite a lot happy when it's
like mama true you know right this is
tough right so this morning was
definitely my mom defeated good no yeah
I thought I felt much better after I got
my cry out it was you were like trying
to suppress the crime I think you just
like yes I well I just covered haha that
right I'm falling like I go to my
sharing never know good boy she's right
little anyway right let it all out the
mom yeah but we're good now mom got it
out and now she's been much happier
today okay so I'm just gonna answer a
couple of questions that i was i was
like skimming through some of the
comments from today's video and first
off fun fact what it says one panel it
really means just one panel by two by
two of these I've got no blackout
curtains and I was like Sam comes up
he's like I think this is a little small
and because i had only gotten one I
didn't realize only came with one show a
picture just one not two I like to look
at the pictures anyway that's not has
nothing to do it the questions I'm about
to answer a lot of people in the
comments were saying Jen I think the
whatever you built is upside down I
think it's upside down but guys the
thing is this whole whole frame the
whole frame of this structure came
completely built so I think they
something upside down or like the whole
thing is just off like I can't even
screw the like the main screws into the
top of it but it's all good we called
them and they are going to send us a new
one they but of course they were out of
them this is the last one in the store
so that I or dress a new one so it's not
going to be here for a few weeks sorry I
always look my viewfinder it's because
our cameras stinks at focusing sometimes
I can never tell so I like check to see
if I'm still focused oh my eyelash
extensions a lot of viewers have had
some questions about them i love them i
love that they've kind of they look a
little bit more not so ba-ba-boom nexus
thing that quite a bit over the the
first two weeks won't week and a half I
guess I don't know um I really like them
i think i'm still gonna try I just want
to see like pictures are the difference
of the volume verse the classic lash um
because I do I like them like this like
this thickness I do like him though they
make getting ready like I can do my make
up less than five minutes showering so
getting them wet I was nervous and she's
like no you like just not in the first
24 hours you don't get them wet but then
like you're supposed to like just live
life how you're supposed to live life
like they're gonna fall out when they
fall out no matter what your lashes are
gonna fall out no matter what cuz they
have a cycle as well um honestly what
I've seen these come out very rarely
have they been attached to my actual
eyelash only a few have that I've seen
actually seen have had my eyelashes on
them so it's like I haven't really been
worried about that she says it's good to
get them wet to make sure they're clean
because you don't want like build up
like dirt buildup and stuff because
that's like really bad this I is
shedding faster than this is shedding
which is only thing that bothers me
because I feel like it's a little OCD
I've been like I want them to fall out
evenly but it's not a big deal I think
they're worth it I love it they save me
so much time and um yes
alright pretty much hate my life right
now took a break from the unpacking and
I drove up here for matrix video we're
playing paintball today and I am NOT
ready to get your hands on the head I'm
not excited about it so I've only been I
think once it was outside it really
didn't hurt that much that day because i
was running pants no jacket but today I
don't trust any of these people I'm so
some do you look like a night if you can
just shoot him but you don't have to
like take them down if you're cute
clothes there's no no for those called
bayonets I'm good they're not thoughts
um just when you're gonna get shot right
like right here waiting for a stupid
well here's your going to do so just so
that way i don't necessarily mean this
but i want people to know where where
you are and chowders do cuz in your
camera get to it's like that's what will
be honest thought I single i'm scared i
have that gonna be not that hard to not
choose
now I'm real excited for today of the
great challenges it's like we I think we
all know if they're gonna suck it like
this is like it was a regular day we
wouldn't choose to do this but might as
well make a fun right listen high
adrenaline pumping right now we're
putting on layers this is my second
hoodie and I have a t-shirt and a button
up shirt under that I have four layers
on top three layers on bottom and fast
shoes tied tight I will not admit how
many old lady red shirt right now yeah I
don't want to say lately I'm like for
everyone shoots final thoughts so let's
get great right now what are you doing
oh my gosh I don't know whose idea this
was hopefully the video turns out the
concept is pretty good the pain we're
about to experience hopefully it uh
hopefully the fun outweighs the pain
this is my voice we're all right I've
been shot in the head I've been shot in
the arm you guys want the arm too yeah
the head shot hurt the most yeah there's
like a little like like my arms not that
bad it don't like someone just like kind
of flicked me like I got some cool but
yeah little sweating a ton what and so
far it's one to one teams are me Derek
Aaron and Casey versus shade Logan dejan
and Danny and they're like crazy like
shays may be shootin like a mile a
minute hey costume change also change
mr. banana we lost last game so I gotta
it's obviously the out free edge even
shipping free us trying my scheme yeah I
gots frigged smacked right ahead he's
all like just straight across itself
the islands of them together that we
assume one right and it's gonna come out
on chase as they yeah okay wait blue
shooters ready I see this oh so what
makes it so worth it Oh asked me to your
product shots again bro play ball or
clearance katsudon the nexus over my
feet if that was day honey I got hit
I've been foot so sit up and then just
screw back
go smiley face I rushed on to my baby
girl here well no Aaron had to get their
need is a Russian yeah baby but I Elsa
it's good to get back to you yeah nice
i'm not sure if everyone went out to eat
or what so the team's you guys heard it
before okay it was me Derek Casey and
Aaron vs Shay dejan Logan and Danny who
do you think won who do you think did
better that's hard i would say you big
Lizzie yes i think we played for
official games and it was technically
222 but the last game my gun jammed and
katie ran out of ammo and so they had
two people left to meet you had two
people left on me like give up because
she didn't have a mouth they like and
the game or whatever so second of a time
yeah but if you guys want to see some
very even you think so anyways the video
that we're making i think is coming out
on friday not positive but it should be
soon it's me quick turn around its kind
of four shades birthday so it'll be kind
of fun also I was like wearing tons of
layers this was one shot i took can you
see it in the camera yep de haan ji
we're gonna be a Bruin come shoot you
with a paint buffer have a neck once but
my hoodie saved me well that wasn't like
I hit you know if you get hit in the
neck it's like holy worst thing in the
world I remember when we went yet when
her younger and this kid got shot in the
neck and I oh that's so bad for him
because you have like no protection i
think i could see the the spot in your
head no you can't it's like a my hair
paintballing man something is wrong why
do people enjoy that I think I could
enjoy everyone so well it was like the
my adrenaline was like seriously like I
don't know if I could do it going but
it's yeah kind of intense my brother's
you should just enjoy like here a shop
for a shot with metal airsoft BB's of
course i miss yep I missed every time
and they got me everything
timer right in the back of it ah and
they just wanted to do I would always
say that like Oh a shot for Schurrle
because they knew we'd miss and that
they'd hit us evening brothers watch
your house tour you want everything to
be unpacked I feel like we should just
do it this week maybe it'll be a
surprise house to her surprise here's
the house to her yeah I think we should
do it even if we're not completely open
right just to kind of show where
everything is those four bucks away from
the perfect is never be perfect right
and then once we do get Penelope's room
kind of figured out to then we'll just
do our own little anything about that
and honestly we're probably not gonna
decorate that much we don't we didn't
decorate nose room that much but because
I'm really decorate I know I do too but
it's because I want to decorate I don't
know it's hard for me to commit when
you're talking about it's her from utica
mix I've always wanted like paint balls
and dis the sticker things we can't with
your red pink we don't have to paint
walls and put stickers make it fun and
then I know we should put some pictures
look nobody i just write Noah's room oh
yeah I affect everything was good I saw
um my doctor was busy so I saw a
different doctor and everything's good
listen to heartbeat and she sounded
great and then I go back in two weeks
and that's when they start checking for
a dilation I'll be full term in two
weeks 37 weeks Wow which is crazy so I
really want everything in its place
awesome yo you ready everything ready I
feel like we made good progress is
bestest pregnancy ever we were only out
there too and this one's been like whoa
yeah crazy well I'm a fast unpacker I
like to get things done and someone
likes to take our time a little bit more
sure that's true anyway we hope you guys
have a fun day fun night and we'll see
you tomorrow peace
Garrett if you choose soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
