what's up guys special bonus video today
no do you know what a bonus video is so
that's just the cutest face I've ever
seen in my whole life we like to do q
and A's we like to do q and A's and we
also like to talk to you guys it's been
a while since we've just randomly called
people like we used to do that sometimes
I think it's been like a year so today
we are going to call some people we just
watched a video by luvu whether these
robot people that they made and they
kind of like scare people because they
move they look like mannequins it's kind
of like the mannequin scare prank yeah
but they're actually mannequins they
move and then if you interact with it
like if you give it a high-five a fist
pound hug it and all these people like
come out and they throw a party and it's
a cool little video that they made up
I'll put a link in the description so
you guys can go check that out anyways
we are going to actually use oovoo to
call people right now I sent out a tweet
with our name our name on oovoo is Sam
Akua me samoh Kofi how do you want to
watch another one and what you guys have
added us so we're gonna call people
individually maybe we'll do a group chat
as well you can do like up to 10 people
in the same call we might try that but
as far as like asking questions it might
get a little crazy if we do that so I'm
gonna try and record some of this on the
screen we'll see how it goes and it
should be fun I always like this you
ready to help yeah yeah okay okay login
real quick whoa whoa whoa 60 friends
already on oovoo let's watch human brain
can we call someone someone whoa I don't
know how long Noah last 1000 calling
good morning yes hello you're from the
UK yeah I'm good oh it's crazy witness
what time is it there right now I'm
healthy dozen I'm not half a little ha
11 oh you're saying she's across the
world Noah that's crazy high side up I
just like assume I saw your tweets and I
was like I just jumped a bit
ha ha ha ha dinner if you remember me by
companies on your own video all ages ago
saying Sam Jen I think a baby is pinned
in oh yeah geez everyone in the function
e pan yes I kidding me took my dream
yeah it means to come to the UK we were
thinking like it was a possibility of
this summer no no no no there might be a
little too crazy this summer maybe next
year yeah it's really nice little to use
yeah we dating that beside me that and
she look like and then I just watch
anyway it was a magic taki won't cost
someone else yeah oh it's kind of fun
that five members to learn it again ok
let's go someone else okay we should
call now calling at me and she's not
picking up much comic a true yo Chicago
Pete's rule what's up what's up can you
do you have a voice honored oh are you
in sheer in Illinois yeah what is your
favorite thing about Illinois food
sports anything Porcello oh sweet damn I
easy hi he's loved and calling people
right now yeah he's loving this do you
know where that is oh yeah really all
right go Cubs go Blackhawks go bulls go
bears go Chicago Oh what up what up girl
oh you're in the car see how you know
what oh look at he's wearing your pajama
pants hahaha are you driving right now
Oh
oh okay are you lying oh sweet should
call someone else yeah are you having
fun I wasn't sure if you'd have fun at
first I wasn't gonna make it okay what
up brother what up what up it's the KC
Todd hall from the UK the man that wears
tricks in that guy I mean dude you're
just like Trixie you you are tricks in
UK right now it's literally everywhere
well I'm gonna put you full screen well
there we go and then you go to casa oh
my gosh do you you're awesome wait why
are you sideways working your sideways
right now how do I make you not sideways
oh there we go oh there we go yeah I'd
say hi hi DJ hi Nina wave he's he's so
curious about this it's like how are
people talking or a screen hello well
we're doing a reverse Q&A instead of you
asking us questions we're gonna ask you
a question what is your favorite food in
the UK pasta what kind of pasta yeah
impossible any spaghetti meatballs
that's what tribe Tyler loves oh yeah
yeah but you should say like uh what's
the chicken place nando's or something
what no way Oh what can I feel like
everyone from the UK just talks about
Nando's yeah oh yeah cheeky Nando's
that's exactly what they say got a
feminist you guys are wait like your
accents just make you so much cooler
than us seriously oh yeah I just
actually just talking like but I'm
telling Casey after our that what
I think so strong they go accidents I
barista oh really and that's what we
think about you I know my gosh you guys
sounds so much cooler than us yo what up
girl oh no you're kidding are you look
at she's wearing a Star Wars shirt no I
she has a star wars on look a fan
what's up girl no love Star Wars Kings
your shirt like it's a Star Wars look
Irish shirt Star Wars yeah these guys
that I name is nothing to him a badass
stormtrooper on it oh dude we're doing a
reverse Q&A for asking you questions oh
no the saying hi now oh the question we
have for you is what is your favorite
Star Wars movie good oh my whoa bb-8 so
the newest one I guess that's good no I
actually think that's my favorite now
right I was kind of like critical a bit
at first but I actually think it's my
picture thanks bb-8 to do you like bb-8
yeah do you like storm troopers yeah
yeah yeah yeah but you kind of like
mesmerized by this storm I really do
when we're call we're gonna get like a
ton of people into it and have a quick
party and then we'll have to do this
again another day cuz i have a little
bit too much fun doing this oh what's
that noise oh oh hello oh hello oh my
gosh oh now we have like a ton of people
in here shout out to oovoo for helping
us get connected with you guys I was
super fun we're gonna have to continue
to call people I liked how easy it was
to add you guys on there you guys can
still add us if you want to our name is
Sam Akua pee CEE now just PE yeah Sammy
koeppe like Sammy Sam
Jenica Noah and Penelope and will
continue to call you guys I know we
didn't get to call everyone that added
us so we'll continue to call you guys
throughout the week throughout the
months and it was pretty cool that's fun
it's fun it was fun doing reverse Q&A
yeah I would be like learning about you
guys yeah I was like wait you guys know
enough about us we need to ask you guys
more questions so thanks everyone that
entered and will call more of you if you
want to check out that video with the
robot little prank mannequin robot prank
click on the link in description and
thanks for watching this video is just a
bonus video for you guys see you guys
tomorrow or you can go watch the block
base by
