some kind of like freaking out a little
bit I guess I am kind of in going into
like okay let's get this done like
nesting mode like
good morning or is it good afternoon now
oh you want me hey let me help you get
nature all sitting at the kitchen table
which means Noah well this isn't gonna
be our kitchen table for like good we're
actually at this upstairs in that little
nook area Noah is stealing people's food
though that's something that we are
learning there's a thing now that we sit
together as a family eat lunch this
morning has been kind of crazy
the hot water heater wasn't working last
night it was trying to work on that we
got it fixed
we had internet now and it is have our
TV set up cause like right yeah well
this is our TV right now it's actually
my computer monitor the TV's upstairs we
need to get a little console to put it
David's kind of inherited a lot of our
first marriage things things that we
bought and now he has them even if some
of them aren't that good he's happy to
take my man's junk is another man's
treasure what do you think of the new
house Noah do you like it yeah do you
like your sandwich yeah
unpacking today we got to try and get a
thing for the TV to actually have it
down here slowly unpacking it slowly
unpacking not pushing Jenna too much
sure we've already had our first spill
yes what floors everywhere yeah it was
just water which is good and it wasn't
Noah it feels good though
like I'm incredibly happy aren't you
yeah yeah yeah you hear the truck
there's a garbage truck we can go look
in the window in a second you can watch
him
lets you see bikes just explore a new
neighborhood this one hasn't hot at work
editing the vlog he's made it into a
montage that's I almost cried I have two
hours of footage over the last three
days but yes let's check two different
parts my first time could give me my
little kitchen cuz it's kicking legenda
kicking I don't run the song
I don't know she I don't know we're
doing tacos because I had only a limited
amount of time at the store today with
Noah before he really ran wild you want
to try to go to down east sam says that
there are some awesome kitchen tables
there so check those out I wasn't with
him they want me to see them before we
go that's a good angle before we make a
decision
please upload the vlog now this is our
first dinner together as a family it's
kind of falling apart because we've been
sitting here for 20 minutes now and
we've all eaten
can we see your bean beard though can
you show us our bean beard that's the
food you're eating where's your face
where's your lips lips no lips mouth
sorry bath all right should we show
everything cuz you actually know where
everything is that you have known for a
while
where's your eyes ears mouth teeth
tongue Johnny
yeah bit about that's mean where is your
eyes where's your arms where's your
hands where's your fingers fingers no
you here is that up this is your fingers
what are you like where is your beard
though didn't IRA good
no we're gonna we're gonna get a shoe
thing on the car we are we are to step
back from scene but I haven't been in a
week cause all the moving and sicknesses
I'm still a little sick but it felt good
to move my body it's getting a little
harder like my belly I can feel this
getting like a little heavier and
tightens up you know when you work out
with me I only have a month left guys a
month okay a month in a week basically
five weeks left
well then you chop some banana and now
I'm gonna take Noah to the library for a
little Tahoe time hopefully tails are
because I've been telling you know that
tails gonna be there and I texted
touching like you better be there cuz
I've been telling Noah the tails gonna
be an action are you excited
see ya that's how he wasn't I'll talk to
you in the parking lot you know stay
here yeah let's go find him okay who's
that Noah who's in there who's in there
you should have just heard him he was
like yeah mr. cheering good cheer every
time I turn the day cam run he's not
cheering whoa go the stairs back up the
stairs unless you can climb up there I
don't think you can you can do it you
could do it like sprinting so uh the
library did not last more than half the
court so we are currently at the park
oh gosh TAS on the camera I knew he's
gonna come over with an evil scary face
so Thao was just browsing YouTube and
came across an Easter Bunny video but it
was an evil Easter Bunny video and the
Easter Bunny was what like pat mccrory
face and like big teeth like scary and
then he was like say like like the
Easter Bunny go play go play oh gosh it
was like super creepy and this is here
to grieve and no baby can you go up the
stairs and go up the stairs and now hey
uh you scarred for life I think I think
most of the kids at the library today
we're having a rough day I think there
was just kids crying everywhere
screaming everywhere freaking out so uh
yeah as soon as it warms up I don't
think we're gonna be doing the library
anymore you tell me old enough to just
sit there and read some books obviously
not okay so maybe when this sick
whoa careful careful careful whoa whoa
parkour parkour tayo
Oh kid these children Noah also freaked
out getting him in back into the car
because he thought we were going home
and when it listened to me what I said
we are going to play the tayo so he
fought me on the car seat and that is
like my least favorite thing that he
could do you know he's in that I guess
my sister Lois saying that oh oh you
okay
whoa brush off brush it off
special ops you okay that kids when
they're between 18 and 24 months just
start hitting for no reason she says she
has lots of friends with kids that do
that or they don't want to share and no
one's definitely hitting for no reason
I'm not sure so it's just that it's just
the age she's in right now and I take
that I take the hitting for no reason
over him fighting me in the car seat I
can't stay hook the car seat riding whoa
oh dude careful I don't want any sticks
jab in your hands
careful okay one jump be careful you got
laying on those feet or else you're
gonna hurt yourself
go whoa
and then another time well back at it
again in the driveway it's really nice
out today oh good job
Oh Cheers yes we brought some trucks out
yeah you see some birds or something
yeah yeah you owe the airplane I see it
wow that's a big airplane flying really
low I don't think you Finn there like
that anymore dude no no come here dad
has something for you seriously away I
came right here in town is closing yeah
so everything is like up to 50% off no
uh and I got the last are you serious oh
my gosh he's been watching kids on
scooters all afternoon
oh my gosh that's such a good that's
nice there's only 30 bucks seriously and
they have like gas it was so bad because
they had bikes I'm like oh my bikes for
that how'd you go get one right after
his birthday a bike oh training wheels
were just like other stuff in my cache
you're going to capitalize doesn't
restore it we'll need some scissors
those are other stuff in there like
tables yeah
fairly like baseless yeah and like a ton
of stormtrooper stuff oh really
watch stormtrooper like an animal
something like little ones like a little
oh really
you can sleep it where the Ivan Inca
horse cahoots with the Easter bunnies
with sword that's it oh my gosh are you
so excited
wow you got a push with your foot kind
of push the ground with your foot like
this push this you go
there you go there you go see you got it
oh we blinding it was scooter but oh
let's Taylor but he is falls over on it
this is a three wheeler wow that's a
nice scooter dad got you push it with
your foot use your foot
yeah is really nice oh good job Hey look
at push with your foot good try good try
push there you go there you go there you
go
good good
oh my goodness fix it give me a five
push push push
there we go are you already doing tricks
doing dude trick
oh yeah bunnyhop you somebody good job
buddy I swear we have the worst luck
when it comes to buying furniture and
building it for those of you I've been
around since before Noah was born you
know I went crazy over that freaking
blew over like our blue dresser but it
turns out that they had screwed a part
in wrong or like they missed a hole or
something was just off I wish I was
going insane for like four or five days
straight and guess what we bought this
really cute new TV stand and they're
supposed to be holes you see how there's
holes over here pull them outside and
holes on this side it's that way you can
put the little you know the little
drawer things in well I go to do the
other side there's hold on this side but
there's no holes on this side until the
very bottom come on by the way seems to
me really mad they built this maybe they
put this freaking door on wrong - my
gosh everything's wrong with this thing
okay I think we need a new one that's
gonna bother me so bad this is seriously
gonna bother me oh my gosh so bad does
that bother anyone else or is it just me
seriously when you invest money into
something I mean even though he got a
good price and it was on sale I want
what I paid for
I want one paid for and I didn't pay for
a broken door and things that are wrong
so I was realizing it kind of hit me
that like Oh
I only have basically a month to get
ready for this baby and some kind of
like freaking out a little bit I guess I
am kind of in going into like okay let's
get this done like nesting mode like
okay we need to buy pj a dresser we need
to get the rooms organized me there's
like finished I'm packing everything now
that everything that needs to be inside
is inside we need to like move the
bookshop but there's just you know I
still have time it'll get done
like okay I'll be good
you better believe it
you thought a person
