um excited that I keep hearing releases
and they know it's just like new house
losses
well good morning guys someone woke up
in a good mood today
we've all I feel like coming downstairs
with him that like today is gonna be an
okay day so far knock on wood but he's I
think he's feeling a lot better
the first thing I asked was like did you
have fun last night with Uncle David and
he was like Nadia said yes and just so
cute
uncle poopy is now officially uh when
he's not working and I'm gonna have some
more dudes night with this guy so since
he was so great
someone got hooked up this morning feel
it'll juice some berry some yogurt all
things that can be thrown away because I
packed up all of our utensils and bowls
and cups which are last night sleeping
here though which was kind of weird Sam
spent his last night sleeping here on
those floor he's just going to try to
sneak out I guess he just fell asleep
and so he had no blankets and no pillow
if you Raquel is coming over today
yeah we still flood it's officially
officially moving day who knows I'm
excited it's weird I don't know why I'm
nervous because in this new house we're
having a new baby so it's kind of crazy
hey I love you need some berries yeah
did you have fun at dudes night out oh
yeah dude did you have fun with Uncle
David yeah entail
do you eat pizza yeah
I could hear you it's beautiful
and now we're just gonna load up that
truck then roll on out to our new place
look at these cute socks I got last
night at the tricks and party they're so
cute
I think I've woven pair it's the brand
and their little apples and they're so
bright and fun hey Ava
where's the button she loves it it's so
muddy it matches your outfit to you yeah
a cool girl mine right it's almost like
it's summer playing soccer
they played this every single day this
summer didn't they
nope
the last soccer session while we live
here
can you pimp the good soft soft soft
sorry Harley I'm sure you won't miss
Noah very much so pretty this is my best
friend for 20 years now and she's never
been to Logan she's never been to Logan
no are you still itchy are you excited
are you free oh yeah it's really really
nice to you he's bigger the last time
you saw him Rocky has never been to
Logan and I thought all my time here
because she never had a chance now that
she's a flight attendant she lowers it
so like sometimes so
she's finally able to come so I'm
finally able to show her where I went to
school loves being cranky he wants to
get out and she can see where we are to
where we went to see a little short tour
where we went to school for the last uh
too many to many years six years five
years who's counting we're done now
that's all guys how do you like it rock
you went to USC so you can't really
compare the two that's true
don't running on the mountains 2000
years I'm ready to eat I have no clue
what's going on right now
but we are going to
see I'll miss you next time I'll be a
big brother all thanks for driving out
21 20 or 20 years 20 years
yeah seriously that's 21 meters 20 you
probably not even that tall drive safe I
love you I haven't had the camera today
I have been pushing lifting moving
building collapsing taking down yeah so
basically all day thank you for
understanding why I didn't post a vlog
yesterday and the day before I'm just
trying to make sure my family has
somewhere to lay down and sleep we just
put Noah's bed together it's 10 o'clock
I think you went to bed of like 9
usually goes a bit at 7:30 and then our
pets not even put together so yeah I
gotta get that well and you kind of
figure out something else and maybe
impairment yeah yes
and last time I was pregnant we moved we
had all of our family who just packed us
yep Oh crazy
yeah well crazy but had some good help I
didn't get to film it Aaron Derek super
nice came out and helped and then we
here we got David we have to be
officially moved out
our old place by tomorrow and there's
still some stuff just like loose items
around that I need to put boxes I need
to get our food I need to get our TV
what else there's a rocking chair in
there still and maybe a couple other
things so I have tonight and tomorrow
morning to get that done ah it's gonna
be feel it's gonna feel good though cuz
I feel like this place already feels
like more homey than it was ten minutes
ago yeah it's kind of big we're gonna
decide whether to put the bookshelf
there or like somewhere here or even
upstairs so and then our kitchen tables
kind of all that's true David and Sam
went back to the old place but we're
here who are in the new place and I you
guys I got my kitchen unpacked like last
time when we moved up here thankfully
Bree and Derek and all of them were over
to help with some pack or likes like
bring everything into the house and then
Bree was like let's just unload your
kitchen so she like did it all for me
and it was amazing I just love that girl
anyway I was able to do it like she's
like fine come over even get last night
she was at the Trix and he's actually I
can come over this weekend help you pack
the kitchen and go that stuff done cuz
kitchen stuff is just like annoying I
was able to do it I was like like I got
rid of a few things gave David a few
things that we just don't use and I
would like walked in the kitchen when I
first saw the kitchen I was like oh no
there's not as much storage as our old
place it seemed but what's different is
that these cabinets are actually wider
and so I can fit more in them lengthwise
like I can just like fit multiple things
on like one shelf like cups animal I
mean I like all the plates and so that's
really nice and now is actually like
this is the only unlike downstairs
storage like I thought place they
haven't had those swivel ones which was
nice but these are actually like a lot
bigger and like deeper shelving so I was
able to fit all like the things that we
don't really use often like in there I
can find
place first most for baking staff here
take some like odds and ends that is
like a kind of random like having a
shelf there but I was able to make it
all work and it's just it's great yeah I
love that there's two of these like side
cabinets there's only one at the old
place and I used it for X pices of stuff
that since there's two that's nice like
the storage actually works better here
than our old place and it's just so like
open and big oh my gosh I just I feel
like I feel good being here because you
know like sometimes you're nervous and
they're like ah just the right decision
I feel like this is the right decision
this year anyway that's awesome so glad
we got that I got the kitchen done I
thought like I knew just do like just
get something done tonight to feel more
productive like since moving so much
today I'm so grateful on all the boys
David and Aaron and Derek even came by
and helped so I'm so grateful so the
thing I hate is like being here by
myself it's like we have no blinds up
and it's kind of creepy oh also look
what I got I kinda know a little booster
and it folds up which is super nice and
pretty sure it folds up it should fold
up and you can swipe it down I'm real
happy about that a different call out if
I got creation about
I keep hearing noises and they know it's
just like Newhouse boys's gosh
Aaron you scared the freaking daylights
out of me
I was like filming I was like okay this
recording I'm so scared that's what is
gonna be hilarious for some time I was
like seriously about to cry I was so
scared oh my gosh thank goodness it was
just Aaron and Ashley I was seriously
about to cry take no joke
gender builder can she build it gender
builder yes she can
gender builder is back nesting jen is
gender is gonna be back until the baby's
here I have a feeling it's gonna be
great
look at this organization it's like the
perfect fit for that space oh my gosh
you guys don't even know how happy this
makes me
I was able to talk to his toys all in
the bins organized but it really like
wasn't hard to to put together it was
pretty easy and there's a little space
behind I'm just gonna hide baby baby
baby toys back there for a while until
the baby comes miss April to play with
them and then it will mix and me won't
add some baby toys here anyway all I can
think about is how happy this makes me
all of these toys were basically in this
one bin so as I would have put some of
his books and little play mat and things
and crayons and stuff in there so that
worked out nice his puzzles I don't love
them on the floor but whatever and then
he still has his bob ball pit
his little ball bucket and yeah day two
I knew how still crazy to say house like
this is a house yeah it's the lighting
is pretty good like in the morning comes
in Lacey and whoa whoa do you like the
new place yeah you found your bouncy
balls to a closet I think Jen showed
this last night when we got here
nesting Jen the Builder came out and
built Noah this little toy thing we were
really worried about him we were like
wow this movie was really affecting him
more than we thought yeah so he woke up
and he came down here and he's loving it
you up in this place
I didn't know where the camera was but
when he's like oh yeah yeah for those of
you that didn't hear that or speak
Spanish I'm sure like happy
oh thanks to you for the bouncy balls oh
oh oh well we still have some more work
to do today
yeah I gotta go clean up a little bit at
the house and I just kind of finished
moving the last little pieces and
today's technically the day that we need
to be out by I got to return the u-haul
there's just a couple little things that
I need to get done movie are off yeah
basically you have your coat on let's go
all right let's go we gotta go back to
the whole place get some work done real
quick whoa huh I don't think I've logged
from the u-haul truck yet it's always a
must today is the last day that we were
moving our stuff it's kind of taken
three days because we've had to split it
up with different events and things
going on I feel really good that we've
already started to unpack a lot of
things and we're just kind of doing the
final touches doing the one last Drive
in the u-haul some things I've noticed
about the you all that looks like an ear
this says to shift from Park depress
brake pedal well if you don't know how
to do that already
pehle shouldnt be driving a car or
u-haul and then this is kind of just to
me cuz it says to get best miles per
gallon to stay in the green but there's
like little slivers of green as well
I'm missing my sombrero we're present
either threw it away or it's packed I'm
go with maybe she threw it away
I'm moving sombrero that's might miss
this whole time if I add that out at
specialist eager powers its 220 am I
think we're officially done moving out
and this is it
this is it I always get kind of
emotional because we've had so many
memories here and the people that are
about to move in they just have no idea
well unless they watch the box hey buddy
hey sis your new home just where you
live now this carpet feels a little bit
differently
does she new home it's really crazy
though since we started vlogging we've
lived in four different places for
different places is that right four and
we've only been blogging for two years
that possible right oh that's terrible
even the Christmas lights are down I
mean come on it's so sad and depressing
in here each place holds different
memories for us and as we move on I'm
like how are we gonna
what's next like how's life can get even
better than what we just experienced in
that place and then it surprises us
didn't I felt like this was the right
place to live last year and I think we
definitely made the right decision we're
gonna miss it but it's time to move on
move on to bigger and better things and
grow with our family see you guys
tomorrow
peace
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
