okay alright everybody look at this CD
all that most beautiful women I've ever
seen
it's moving and packing day and normally
I would be really you know what's
excited about that but this is how I
feel we hear Sam singing and we want to
come borrow my child for the day because
he's a rotten today we were just talk
what in the world
I mean scimitar is talking about it and
it's like sickness plus moving plus new
baby coming plus almost two years old
all at the same time and almost two
means terrible twos oh my gosh he's been
terrible today save us save us he looks
cute but underneath this is a sour boy
today we're still just packing up almost
got Allah this is like all the rustic
kitchen stuff I did go through my
Tupperware last night so I got those all
matched up which was excellent and I got
almost all the plates and cups and
everything to the way it's hard on
moving week because if you want to pack
everything but then it's like but I need
that stuff still include some clothes on
and go outside play silly boy show me
your stormtrooper you say stormtrooper
what do you call that guy super good
stormtrooper do you like your
stormtrooper is your best friend
hey Sally boy last night I let him sleep
with storm trooper to keep him company
but he still looked up has sucked on his
ground for three days in a row moving
day moving is always stressful
this isn't me complaining this is just
me talking about the situation my life
as it currently is happening wouldn't
have it any other way
Janice 34 plus weeks pregnant Noah is a
toddler with never-ending energy that
combination plus moving it's just it's
tough it's intense I also thought most
people were gonna be able to help out
today but apparently everyone's very
busy with the events that are happening
tonight so I was able to get ahold of
David we're gonna go get the truck right
now start loading things up I did make
some trips last night my biggest focus
is alleviating all stress on Jenica and
Noah because safety health family is
most important I'm kind of stressed out
I look tired
I'm happy though I've also been sleeping
on Noah's floor for the past three
nights there's a lot of different
variables which may be affecting him to
wake up in the middle of the night he
keeps waking up at like 2 or 3 and then
I wake up again it's about 2 or 3 times
a night it could be the antibiotics he's
on it could be night terrors it could be
the defense's that we're moving that
things are happening I mean there's so
many different things so I can't really
pinpoint it right now gosh it sounds
like I'm complaining I'm not trying to
complain I'm just exist talking about
how I feel right now
it's good this is a this is the decision
we made we could have stayed here I had
bad internet and kind of not really
loved where we're at like living right
now but we made the choice so you live
with the consequences the positives and
negatives you know our decision we'll
get it done we'll get it done I hate
when I'm watching vlogs and it's I feel
like people are like hiding their true
emotions and feelings some I'm opening
up to you guys right now today is
interesting boxes on boxes on boxes
that's currently moving the u-haul to
backup and David that they're helping Oh
David's filming and I was watching he
wanted to go out there but it's kind of
cold now partially gotten ready for
trick soon ladies night out tonight
right
I hadn't turn out I was like I really
wanted but whatever make do and you only
have good snapping whoa no one wants to
be in on all the action yeah I love a
guy who can lift a box right are you in
on the action I always have bad myself
me too oh very nice very nice packing he
didn't want to stay inside while
everyone was moving stuff outside so
we're outside now and since I can't lift
anything up I'm just chasing him around
we're outside for a good hour hour and a
half this morning playing with tayo so
that was fun but my mind's just not been
here today
is it just me or do most guys not used
like their hands to look for something
they just like they'll just like look
around if they don't see it they're like
oh I can't find it
oh gosh strong guy watch out Noah and
there's that happened with David worth
like did you walk all the way into the
closet
no hilarious
all right we're on our way to ladies
night
that's on the right setting hello I'm a
lady for the night
yes that'll be like doing the lady stuff
yeah he's just doing some
behind-the-scenes stuff so we're excited
should be a fun night doesn't just look
beautiful c√¥te d OTD outfit look I've
been wearing like jewelry and like yeah
really I'm not really worried jewelry
like these bracelets I've had they're
like you know like bridal shower or like
bridesmaid gifts and I never reward them
but I'm wearing them he's nice and Sam
gave me buy one of these ones quite a
bit yeah sure I've been wearing it she
looks great I'm gonna give you guys a
look at her outfit she does even look
pregnant
yes are you kidding me I don't even look
pregnant look at that chocolate but I am
wearing my maternity pants and we'll see
how that goes tonight Soho I imagine
button them already but that's okay I've
got a hair time just in case be fun
night night I'm excited me a lot of
people with yeah I get I always get a
little like nervous and this is your
night Jen it's ladies night and the
feelings man oh yes it's late
Oh Oh like removing like my whole body
is sorry I know yeah Sam's new thought
the boxes know something's going on he's
just he's not having it like they're
packing up his toys his balls I thought
she was something you're just screaming
like no you just won them all out of the
box but baby there we just snuck out
luckily you tail was outside like Tay
was playing with no right now and kind
of distracting him and uncle David and
Noah's been really like an Uncle David
today and I'm playing with him a lot so
it's been good that he's been at our
house helping us move quite a bit today
so we kind of snuck out while they were
playing outside we're gonna order them a
pizza and hope they have a good night
let's do this okay
all right everybody look at this CD all
that most beautiful women I've ever seen
oh those pants and those shoes give you
a little thing oh yeah little holes in
your pant that make some trendy right
Hank it's lucky everything in here looks
beautiful we were just talking about the
ombre pineapples like seriously it's so
cute I just want to set that in my house
and then eat it
even unbraid pineapple everything looks
so pretty the girls did such a good job
look at all these treats tree table
looks so pretty
Oh cookies swag bags look at this
balloons and glitter pink so pink makeup
over there
the
boy
so cleansing everyone's and I everyone's
you know and I haven't film but there
were tons and tons of people ladies
night there's another guy here it's good
they are from Texas
Sarah I'm sorry Tyler he had a business
meeting right in Salt Lake and then they
were able to make it down here that's
like the perfect timing
pretty awesome it was such a fun night
breathe and Carly looks so beautiful in
here
and now it's over a little ladies man no
you did I was like oh no don't forget
there are such cute girls
there's an awkwardly film you oh yeah
taking it from davon taking it from de
oranges it's Erin's friend
oh it's Aran's fiance i wish i blonde
hair so I could do fun stuff like that
washes out no I can eat you good all the
time and look at you she just had a baby
are you kidding me right now are you
kidding me right now
Jenica you're my best friend I'm like it
just melted away can that that happen to
me too she's really good right now I'm
the baby
this is the dance tonight my favorite
thing to do in Britain is the pregnant
belly dance and I just had it today
that's it oh gosh
being pregnant does not look fancy but
there's little jaysus in there right now
so guys it's a special occasion because
jen is joining us at Denny's and
someone's getting pulled over quickly
this is what we ordered see that you've
Dan and I got the same thing
guys just did like a whole little wave
roll like there's a wave go through your
stomach it was such a fun night girls
night or tricks and ladies night out
treat yo'self
was a success I had such a great time
meeting new people and just having adult
conversations that didn't involve the
word poop or diapers or you know it was
fun it was really good to see old
friends and make new friends Sam had a
great time by yourself
he's been very stressed today so it was
fun for him to do stress treat himself
do what dirty doctor peppa and it was a
good night all around Carly and Bri did
such an awesome job it looked beautiful
and all the treats were delicious and
the drinks were delicious and the swag
bags were awesome it was so nice to meet
those of you who were there we're just
gonna end the vlog here we have lots of
packing to do I mean sorry not packing
lots of loading to do tomorrow but I
really let my investor Raquel she's been
in the fogs um oh my class
Noah's first Halloween oh right what I
told her I was pregnant right so she has
another layover cuz she's a five tenant
and so she's actually has such a long
layover she's enough to drive up and see
us tomorrow and so she'll probably help
me impac wouldn't make her help go back
and um it'll be really fun to see her so
yeah I'm excited I'm excited to just be
moved already it would be fun this is
all marshes our last night babe in this
house but yes let us know if you're
gonna go at CVX live and let us know if
you had a good time a ladies night if
you were there and if you like ice cream
okay see you guys tomorrow see you
tomorrow see you tomorrow bye oh my gosh
should I not recording any of that
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you bad understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understand I don't know because
I push the record button announcer
Gordon Murray Jack
