relay waitthere's effects and stuff let
me tweet this out
sure I'm gonna go I'm gonna try and find
my other scissors create a post oh cool
come join cuz I have never done this
before
come join let's see okay I shared that
there's nothing for Twitter if we
disappeared for a second cuz I was going
it made me go to Twitter what's up
everybody we are going to do a little
live vlog thing today we saved activity
got the whole family here so today you
guys will see this tomorrow when we post
the video but they made Christmas trees
and we started to do snowflakes you know
those like ones that you just take the
paper you start cutting making them cool
we're done
I feel like Jen's trying to take these
to the next level right now yeah so we
had square ones now we're going for
difference I'm gonna try and find some
scissors we have a few pairs of scissors
we got Noah some preschool scissors and
we've been trying to teach them safety
scissors safety for like the past 30
minutes still isn't really grasping it
but we thought we'd do a little
livestream with you guys especially
because I don't know I don't do we
record a lot yesterday I'm not sure we
usually don't record a ton on Sunday but
we did have a fun time I wish I had like
a holder for my phone oh did someone
spill water here
that looks nice okay are you gonna make
one okay scissor safety remember I said
hey safety first
guys Oh shout-out to my parents out
there today has actually been a pretty
good but some days oh that's why this
isn't a good idea
this is uh we're an hour from bedtime
doing an activity and we're doing it
live this is usually where we just kind
of wind down okay
hey what's up Ian shout out to the og
members when you guys coming back to
Cali they're going to Cali I'm not sure
any giveaways tonight I posted on
Twitter or Instagram the winner of the
NES I did it on a story and I thought
maybe it'd be fun to do another one
because I still need to do the remaining
ones okay I'm gonna sit down for a
second sorry about last night
what happened last thing I'm gonna flip
the camera so you guys can see what's
going on I cut triangles
so what's the what's the strategy here
Jen no with like the paper because
you're not doing a radio well you wanna
give us a little walkthrough from the
beginning you can you cut the rectangle
okay so this is a square that's folded
in half so Jen with those scissors he
has there's a little white piece that
can flip out and then he can cut easier
I think guys I'm sorry about my lack of
Instagram winners and giveaways I I had
an obligation to some companies and
brands and typically like the rules are
you're not allowed to when you sign an
agreement you're not supposed to post
about other like products that same day
and I think the giveaway is my like I
could maybe so but I just didn't want to
mess that up you know I'm saying so hold
on hold I need to get a haircut tomorrow
oddly enough annual baby well I
apologize for saying sorry about last
night
okay so let me show you guys it's called
team ten update nothing guys hey I can
help you - what's my name say my name it
a that's my name PJ there you go what do
you say you say thank you
maybe yeah it's a little hard huh
they're not cutting well can you help
with that cause you did it all right
when I took the camera off just be
careful don't cut your fingers okay
those are pretty dull like not dull
scissors but just they were for ages 3
and up we're still gonna practice good
scissors safety huh okay let's see what
Jen's down let's see these cuts let's
see what do you got there buddy yeah
that's okay well let's pull some of
these out okay so we have some work it
snowflake holes I know it can you say
cut it out yeah sorry are you good boy
I'm a bad boy great cutting what do you
say say please okay what do you say now
what do you say now PJ do you say thank
you so what should we do with the
snowflakes no oh where should we put
them on the lights should we hang them
around the whole house no wait Wow
someone said pretty come on are you
gonna put them on the window you can
hang them Emily says hang them on the
ceiling
really pretty if it would like glue it
PJ wants to color every day yeah hey
guys
yeah you're doing so well in that
pointillism oh you want your own piece
of paper buddy Jimmy get your own guys
we'll put this picture in the next
giveaway this will be part of it or
maybe we should add this to like the art
one like when your our pieces are things
Jenna Merry Christmas red Z Reds
Ashley what's going on I wanted to get
my nice camera and have like a really
proper livestream tonight but we're just
going off mobile my mobile phone so
thank you guys for being here
get a whiteboard and you can erase we
actually have one have you been watching
so ever yeah I'm behind I haven't seen
any we didn't finish last season no I
don't remember once I know you need to
watch those I am NOT watched any TV for
the past how many months I don't haven't
been watching anything like watch
Bitcoin go up and down that's reality do
you there I'm just trying to get you a
house baby I'm trying to get you that
splash pad baby I'm trying it wouldn't
what did you lose something you wanted
it in the house
I'm trying to get you that that kid
share with that white trip baby I
thought you wanted like white cabinets
or something
I like our house right now I think
that's happy right here I don't like the
color of this house
and we're not gonna paint it what we got
there Noah let's see show me show me
whoo that looks like oh that looks like
Oddie ribbit that's part of it right oh
yeah you're pulling those off doesn't
say that looks like kind of like a
snowflake I touch in my mouth okay
which color is baby can you say hey PJ
can you say yellow can you say blue
where's the blue one which one's blue
here you hand me the blue one good job
that's yellow
no one's red can you say blue oh yeah
you said yellow again that's blue that
is a crazy one let's put that one in
your room Josh Smith says that she
misses tail and we're just facetiming
them I think this guy misses him too Oh
No let's get you your own piece of paper
okay she wants to do her own she's been
doing a good job
Linda far yeah I'm in labor watching
this Wow breathe take us with you to
throughout the labor will be your birth
coach push
orange not yellow orange reporting as he
says he says he is sassy where'd it go
hey did you want me to flip it around
Sam are you in Danny's football league
yes I am I am winning right now my
playoff matchup think Danny's gonna lose
Avery grace HQ tonight oh we got HQ in
ten minute time we might have to end
this in ten minutes guys
I missed today earlier it wasn't working
and then I was at the store or I was
dropping things off the mail I get paid
in Bitcoin and it's doubled in five days
heck yes
that is awesome that's cool that your
work buzzer there's a lot of jokes about
that like I'm giving my son one Bitcoin
for Christmas and then they talk about
like the price fluctuating and yeah guys
nothing I don't like about this house -
I'm only four centimeters it was I was
doing Christmas Eve holy cow I think
it's better that you're that the baby's
coming now I mean as long as everything
goes all right but Jen's brother was
born on Christmas night this is orange I
can't say orange hey baby don't scream
okay any new merch soon sassy grow up
guys you guys don't even know the half
of it the half of it she is the cutest
little sassy girl but this girl is sassy
whoo it's funny we jinxed ourselves she
was very very calm and just easygoing so
when like ten months
until she developed her brain she's like
I'm gonna make my own decisions I
haven't the queen of the castle
I don't like Diet Coke but my I have
five of these left over from one my mom
is here and we don't have anything else
I've had a gallon of water today so I
don't think just makes me feel hungry
Murch I actually I've been wanting to do
like a cactus something and I really
wanted to do a collab or collaboration
with Timmy Hamm I am sloth his stuff is
amazing but I just don't know if he does
that kind of stuff
he's just a super talented artist and
his merch is really cool I think my I
ordered some shirts from him and I think
they'll be here tomorrow so I'll show
you guys them and if you guys like I
made me give you something I told you
I'm Black Friday they just took like a
couple I kept this with Christmas
lights yes okay buddy how's it going
you're doing really good with those my
brother thirty gifted are my brother
gifted our brother went acclaim for his
winning back when it was even worth you
showing me there it is what color is
that yo little you guys know the good
morning sweet world shirts are actually
still available yeah like there's still
a site that you can go and get them on I
just don't think I put the link in the
description anymore like I went on the
other day and there's like four that had
been bought recently I was like
I think it just likes cutting paper yeah
Sam do you hold Bitcoin or do you come
and go hi I'm in it a minute in the long
run I uh it's been it's been good to me
thus far let's just say that it's been
good to me well you guys are doing a
good job I'm not doing anything except
film hey no what's your favorite animal
horses yeah
PJ what's your favorite animal Oh are
you putting in that in your mouth hey
baby DJ don't eat that I do not like the
way that experts talk about Bitcoin yeah
I know it's uh my ass what what do you
want for Christmas buddy top wings are
you trying to remember the other things
seems like you want the paw patrol set
the most that you keep talking about
that have you been good at that said you
think good today hey DJ hey no no no no
no baby guys you've already helped him
out a couple times tonight
we've already had time out a couple of
times tonight uh-huh you don't want it I
don't want to time out on on the live
stream
that said go what oh my so someone
commented and said that you should do a
heart on one of them just be like a half
a heart or would it be a see how would
you do that I'll just try and do
something someone said let's see Vanessa
said John I'm sorry I'm sorry hope your
day got better this guy's what was I
gonna say it wasn't a seasick thing
oh we're currently deciding whether
we're gonna go to the do the Polar
Express thing this week
there's only let's see it's like a kind
of a long drive and it's kind of
expensive and I was looking at the
reviews and I'm like how my kids old
enough to enjoy this yet
I think Noah definitely would PJ
obviously wouldn't even remember it but
the ride is at 7:30 which is 30 minutes
and that's usually when I go to bed so
we're like personally like we would love
to do it do it it's so worth it someone
said so worth it oh really
I didn't know that they went until
they're like we would've bought up a lot
of people are saying we should still do
it we'll see there's only like two days
left to their that they are available
for so we'll go check it out
one I'm so proud of myself it's
embarrassing okay try the heart now oh
thanks that excuse me guys mmm coughing
we've been turning on the heat at night
and so like the past couple mornings
I've been waking up with a just like
congested more died coke which I don't
like gender-reveal like second week of
January first week in January
others are appointment I thought was
like Janine ten it fit six we need a
look at our calendars favorite Nadeau
sauce I love the extra extra hot they
actually sell it here at the grocery
store and I just finished a bottle the
other day well paper only baby we got
this yeah and that it comes on but this
table is like perfect for having kids
yeah I love it
hey can I flip the paper around so we
can get some color on the other side is
that okay okay let's look this this way
ready
I need color on that side okay dinosaur
snowflake HQ is starting soon it is if
you guys were looking
let's see HQ is only for the Apple if
you guys have a code and you want
someone to use it you can post it here I
have like I have a hundred or 97 3 likes
a 97 in Jenna's zero cut Oh cut half a
heart on the folded side but you cut it
are you folding into fourths oh well
someone Sarah though Sarah the Lions
gave me another extra life I don't need
a hundred lives I know I was like I want
Jen to get some wives should we uh ug be
in the house underground bloggers what's
up is that she the chat it's that big
see what's on guys oh I've been wanting
to livestream doing HQ but I'm on my my
iPhone right now so I can't do that I
could play on Jen's phone oh she doesn't
have any okay wait someone so when you
Jen what's your coat
uh-oh miss hey Missy hey PJ
Thank You Jen where's your phone I could
play live HQ someone use your coat with
your code Jenna Caray gennaker a
someone's easy Mike oh there's my dad
hi dad oh I can't see him he just
commented he said very nice well you
ready to papa someone else oh okay
probably just said hi hi Papa pig you
wanna say hi to pop off
okay guys I got a Jen's gone someone use
your code it's someone you download the
app on Apple as App Store HQ trivia code
Jenica ray-ray is an r AE Jenica je and
an i ka ra e she is heroics for lives
I want to cheer it on Twitter Jen yeah
but if we're gonna play we're gonna play
well we live she generally says a poem
you did I like the music
we're gonna play trivia play trivia
telly ray
Missy you have a fly in here excuse me
excuse me excuse me
Oh Avery may coming through with the
extra life for Jam Avery may Thank You
Avery may guys I might have to put this
down for a second okay come here baby
okay you hold this real quick PJ and she
wanted to knock all the straps onto the
craft
hey you're bumpy you can hit the button
so tired
do I look tired look these bad look how
purple my eyes are Thank You Rosie Posie
SABS Claire lady paint in a CKD a focus
Rebecca Allie Alexa Allison it's easier
with just one eye yes Alexis and Ashley
I like to Kate Khairy Malek Aaron okay
oh okay you know it looks amazing babe
beautiful snowflake
it looks great so I'm gonna pull any of
the science I don't know yeah yeah well
if I can maybe it looks great I like it
buddy
ha oh no oh no it's okay he's in the
comments guests have a new trivia I
don't have the kids I don't really care
but honestly just a baby that's calmer
than both of my kids
all right here shake your mop shake your
hair out
no Brock so ding Jen you got a
protection you got three swipes
Liam thanks guys
Jamie Compton oh wait oh I just turned
shimmer in China and so look at who's
behind me just chilling me you should
burn some more I got one shimmer and
shine this guy's have you ever played h
cube playing together tonight so the
problem is is like if i ask you guys the
question you're not gonna be able to hit
you in time
extra pressure tonight guys H queues are
not on answer but they're gonna make it
oh yeah from winning Oh Zoe Zoe okay
careful though you don't want to cut
your finger okay try cutting it just
normal any baby name ideas when every
time I don't know it's all we know if
it's Berger
Vanessa Banda Vanessa Banda then you
have seven ex-wives Jim Ben Wow
standard echo play cards as video cards
not including whom Joker's baby 52 cards
not including the Joker's what you mean
they don't want to stay up my nose I
just discovered one nostrils bigger than
the other guys it's a problem
come on Lombardo no thanks guys make
another snowflake Jay found out which
magazine among others dang it the
obvious is like jeans I said that guys
I've never gotten the second Savage
Khushi oh this is your phone - I was
right guys I should host this because
pumpkin and yucca are all indigenous to
this region
no I don't say I you he said that he
pronounced it wrong I said North America
cuz I ain't yuca in the Caribbean yes
yes North America turn up baby let's go
let's go oh why didn't we say Jane Jenna
was so obvious I know up from the bottom
third or fourth ah fourth
I said fourth sorry I said fourth
because it's definitely not blow exactly
cats like third God before we let's turn
out baby let's go 37,000 left if only we
still had our extra life for saying Jane
oh that's one where you want to be
sitting in front I keyboard never use
the tab key
yes I've used the tab key if you haven't
used the techie you're not an adult
who makes the perfumes for Gwen
Stefani's fashion label Chanel Cody Haku
blue lava I said pavo's everything Cody
I should just wait cause I feel like the
chat yes you're what's important in my
life come here
ho ho thank you thank you hey give me a
kiss let's go play okay let's go play we
gotta get ready for ya okay well guys I
tell them tomorrow we should live stream
playing trivia HQ trivia that was fun I
don't know if it was actually fun it was
fun for me that was the worst we've done
in a while last night with 1,500 what
was it 15,000 we got to like question
nine or ten okay I'm gonna play a little
minecraft with this guy cuz we're gonna
go upstairs in 15 minutes
thank you guys for hanging out with us
let's go over the snowflakes one more
time
that's your favorite I like it I like
him
excuse me anyways thank you guys for
stopping by that was pretty fun and
great fhe project that's what's up dad
it was activity
it was activity use my promo code go buy
crypto currencies I was kidding
and we will see you guys
PJ wanna say anything else say bye
PJ say bye say bye I love you mmm
yes I love you too
