it's 220 am I think we're officially
done moving out and this is it this is
it I always get kind of emotional
because we've had so many memories here
and the people that are about to move in
they just have no idea well unless they
watch the box hey buddy hey sis your new
home just where you live now this carpet
feels a little bit differently there's
your new home ah ha ha ha ha riously
pride hi Jake a new house let's compete
come on mr. headstone takes me stupid
hoe come on we're easing the perfect
pose come on let's go what a game okey
okey
what what whoa
all because she wants the ball the balls
get him to walk back about first
birthday slam dunk hazel-e good oh my
gosh oh
well like I don't want this mom everyone
now this my hip in the series days every
time I really doesn't mean egg ative
Gary well put your mask on to Noah
you teaching them all the right dance
moves this way not to oh thanks I think
you guys are cute friends
can you saying girl the raft again don't
see this one okay yeah
here's my song wait go let's go let's go
let's go no whoa stand up his face is so
excited right now good morning and
goodbye wall pictures our first of all
we ever decorated in our five years of
marriage okay back in when I stopped
taking little trips over to the house I
think it's starting to hit Sammy's
getting really sad and it's really sad
to leave this place we really enjoyed
living here don't be I feel like you're
on good yo gabba gabba donut dance come
on everybody which hands up crap them
together Shay gigs just don't dance
they're Donuts dude don't dance and then
why do i do the donut show me the donut
dance yeah student don't date don't
dance work them galleries all you gotta
do the dance for at least seven hours to
work it all still donut things do you
don't know need days look Barry I don't
know they're so little I know what a
passion fruit is like do you know what
the insides like yeah it's all bit like
the seeds for me Wow do you look at you
don't try it see that's fruit and
different kind of juice has different
names in the Dominican it was genola
Pacino logis wasn't fastest route let's
get a little spoon probably not very
bright on a sour huh oh yeah little sour
you need like some sugar on it or
something where's getting some fresh air
and some Sun where we go pick up our
house key I'm really excited Sam went to
go do all the house stuff you know gas
and all that jazz well come here come by
mom
come my mom I can see it up here look
come on come stand by me Hey look up
there look up you see it way up high you
see it yeah it's a little bright huh
it's happening Jeff it's happening it's
happening the Cubs you're gonna win the
World Series me there's nothing would
they're gonna be jinxed the turd knock
on wood you're doing too good to it uh
what are we on Jen what are we doing we
are all the way to get the keys to our
new house right here Oh guys welcome to
our new home that's crazy feels weird to
me still yeah that's really weird
there's some memories America oh please
no its like before removing in salt lake
house think of all the memories that we
had there mm-hmm no learning to crawl
bringing a baby home yeah I was like I
mean I've even more memories than that
ain't no way through his first birthday
birthday walking running jumping
throwing phillippe yeah nella p he is
tired he's been outside for like two
hours is that nice you look a little
worm but we'll make another year of
memories here yeah fella people be born
in this house
most memories here Halloween you want to
go this is home this is home this is it
this is where you live now maybe what's
everything is in here not anticipate
this FML right I just really really like
this refrigerator it's so big oh my
goodness it's huge oh man I'm actually
like I was a funny angle I don't want to
look at the camera though because i am
driving I'm kind of stressed out today
I'm not gonna lie there's a lot going on
I've been on errands all day making sure
all our utilities were set up internet
TV power gas garbage you name it but
it's all done it's all done
there's just so many different little
intricate parts that you have to take
care of in order to move and it stinks
why do we do this so often why do we do
this to ourselves I don't know it's
maybe almost like we're like our
families growing and we need more space
whose idea was that it's uh yeah moving
is never fun roll it snap i think the
most enjoyable move will be when we
decide where we're gonna actually stay
for a while like we decide to buy a
house that will actually be stressful
too but i think it'll be a little bit I
don't know more rewarding i guess but
now we're super excited to get into this
new place i think i'm mainly stressed
out because i care about other people's
feelings especially those i love the
most like Jenna Noah and I'm pretty much
fully responsible for this move and
making sure that Jen stays safe Penelope
stays safe and healthy stops a nova and
also noah you know my mom's told me
stories about people moving and kids
it scares you so yeah I'm just trying to
make sure everyone's safe and healthy
and so it kind of stresses me out
slightly but it's good to you know
acknowledge that it would be probably
abnormal if I wasn't stressed out right
now sorry just said to get through the
traffic circle oh yeah anyways kind of
stressed out but I feel good I feel like
we're making the right decision Noah so
far probably feels totally off because
we're moving I don't think we really
anticipated how much that would affect
him but it definitely is he's kind of
senses something's going on so it's good
though I was about to say soon we'll
just be able to relax that's so far from
the truth oh man our lives are about to
be turned upside down again there's
nothing that turns your life upside down
more well in my experience than having a
kid it is absolutely the craziest thing
and that is coming up soon too so it's
exciting this past year was the fastest
year of our lives without a doubt and I
just know the next one's getting even
faster and that's probably what old
people mean when they say oh man time
flies we're not getting any younger
ultimately though most importantly I am
so grateful that we even have this
opportunity to be able to kind of move
into a nicer I was a nicer but like
bigger place to fit our family and now
it's like not everyone gets that luxury
and it's something I'm super super
grateful about oh I'm home and I was
really excited to see me that's the best
part of my day hey hey hey wait wait are
you excited to see me hey yeah he's like
hey are you gonna miss Noah no oh you
wanna hold it yeah
okay okay hmm you wanna get this off
your chest these two three four leave us
me I'm gonna make an award you 10 lb
okay you asked me you asked me what's up
I got girlfriend you have a girlfriend
hey blue life I got my wife eats Grove
it reggae married and get hotels whoa
wow okay what's your girlfriend's name
Hayley Hayley wings did you seem I think
you're a little too young for even a
girlfriend nope nope I did go over oh
you got older how old are you oh no you
got to your shoes I hey don't know but
you she's on dude when you do it Oh
gonna miss you I'm gonna miss being your
neighbor I'll still see you though okay
I feel like we were like right oh my god
you guys are we do another city I know
anything you'll never eat if you're
chill soon I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good you better believe it I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good get that
understood I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good you better believe it I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good get that
understood okay all right everybody look
at that CD oh that must be 24 man I've
ever seen
