genna's are saying that that funny mommy
and pain that Penelope cheats or near
armor right there hey gentlemen
good morning everyone
we're starting our day outside getting
fresh air I'm going for a walk because
we woke up not so happy again
already I can tell that could be a
trying day
we haven't been so happy today that did
find one of tayos cars can you show me
yeah that's pretty cool huh what do you
see
he's determined to find every last piece
of snow and straw what didn't sleep so
great last night he kept waking up he's
really woke up like to something to 2:30
until I was just gonna go in there and
sit in the rocking chair until we fell
back asleep Sam being the best guy that
he is and me being pregnant even if I
wasn't pregnant he would have offered to
go in there instead of me but he went in
and laid on the ground and slept next to
no the entire night after he's asleep
but I fell asleep in there so yeah are
you driving it on the neck whoa
well here we go at least this snow's a
little cleaner and not even five minutes
later from the last clip we are in the
tub I could get him to come inside or
stay inside really he was fine coming in
but then when I realized when he
realized like what we're not going back
at home you got a little upset with me
so uh what's if you like to walk in my
shoes Oh
what if you like to jump in my shoes
Hoffman is moving with the toddler oh
now you got different shoes on I'm
guessing you want to jump in those two
okay oh it's kind of morbid
I mean he's so adventurous I hope he
doesn't ever be
but let's go to keep the doors locked I
couldn't find him like two seconds he
ran downstairs and then like 30 seconds
went by and I was like no I little too
quiet so I walked downstairs and I see
the garage door handle opening and
closing and the dressers closed all
Taniya walks in holding a whole packet
of juice oh now you have a referee's
their coaches challenge flag in another
shoe this guy he just finds everything
are your health has circular knobs
though if you can't open them yeah
that's a lot don't figure it out I don't
know it's taking a little while but I
think you'll figure it out pretty fast
well that happens here throw this
challenge that challenge that call by
mom challenge I'd be like I can open up
anything go yeah he challenged me boy
that's true he couldn't say no so I
suggested we go out and then Sam
suggested her and I said yeah and then
he said let's get the guys to go cuz
Tyler has never been to Herms and
everyone is always saying Tyler you
would love it because Herms is kind of
like in the you know in the anyways the
old word for hipster so I don't care I
don't
I mean I love the food so you say Herms
I say yes wait wait your first
impression your eyelashes on fleek no
prisoners are her
my smell right it's an old diner but
like what it look like it's a trendy
little diner oh yes a few moments later
wait uh what'd you just do
I got a hat it's a cool hat you just
bought a hat from Herms Sam you bought a
hat it's cool it's trendy its trendy can
you wear it with your white sunglasses
though then he just started saying some
but white asses so now I think I have to
hello
he wants your hat oh okay okay I think
that's so cool you're here at the my
work done for the day it's about 5:20
Jen's about to go painters for the
churches no not paint but I'm just need
to find some more pants because I've
been wearing the same to play the pants
this entire pregnancy plus a pair of
leggings once in a while when I get a
favorite pair of pants I wear the heck
out of those pants because they're just
so comfy and nice that's the question of
the day how many times keyword pants
frequently I watch them whenever I'm
doing the laundry I take that back I
think I think I'm one of these pants is
like the third time I warning
since I'd watch them come bail maybe
they're not dirty why not
and supergirls it you got there all by
yourself
how about me I don't arrive you should
be the one happening okay we are left
with some stuff I just returned teasing
my side but I got this cute little top
that has like a floral print that might
wear this weekend not sure or two CVX
I'm not really positive get I gotta have
any black pants like Bing it cuz black
you know you feel slim in black I know
that's that's my next thing it's just
it's hard to know your size when you're
pregnant because it kind of correlate
right it's true so I got a different
pair I kind of not roll them to kind of
have some like pairs on in which I don't
usually like but my clothes a cute pair
of shoes I can I'll try it and if I
don't I'll just return and then I got
this other little it's like a light blue
checkered it ties around the waist high
post blouse as well I might even wear
this weekend or to CVS new bra yes so
got that I know can we sing more bouncy
balls I think this kid is owned about
fifty bouncy balls since moving 11
that's the only thing that will keep him
happy chasing bouncy balls around the
mall and honestly when you have a sick
kid he do most of the time cuz they
don't like so much uh screaming you can
handle ah yeah it's a little past dinner
time so we all give a little angry at
this time 6:20 and it's light out
yes famous
you got bouncy ball huh what do you see
show me your bouncy balls whoa that
looks pretty cool what other one do you
have
show me your third one where's that
third one show me the last one yeah wow
those are pretty cool Jen was just
saying that is that funny mommy and pain
that Penelope cheats or near armor right
there hey gentle nose but keeps me hurt
so bad
all right there yeah I could feel
something so like bulge out let's see if
me back sit down
no it's no as a coloring on one of our
moving boxes right now having some good
times oh wait oh someone in your belly
to do a baby in your belly we still need
to go over this I need to go over this
big baby a big brother saying hey we
mentioned it before there's a couple
things that we want to do before the
baby's here they kind of prepare him for
it and we should talk about that one of
these days we're gonna give him his own
little baby doll to feed mommies feeding
mm-hmm and to be friends with no can you
know what can you say purple though
buddy colors like his stances and
positions are hilarious to me I think
you want to work out no can you say
purple anyways Jen says that this
feeling is more painful as far as
pushing goes like on her tummy than
anything no I did stabbing me with an
elbow or anything maybe once well but
that was like in the cars ago I just
remember you can always like oh my
sciatic nerve yeah which you haven't had
that at all yeah okay see you stomach oh
oh my sciatica doing that and then today
and the Kirby just pulling up in the
garage and she's like oh
someone took their elbow and like oh
well you do have a little person inside
a tiny little sharp elbow I don't know
or knee or foot or something
lean its me like one of those pictures
really thing and it's coming out of the
foot that's what you said yesterday very
show my stomach
what kind of you said mentioned you like
everyone saying I was small pregnancy
brain poop though choose a book with
silly rhymes oh I think we did that
amen
this is all we were dating this was on
our first dates we crashed a wedding it
was really funny yeah I was in recommend
angels landing
I wasn't died in st. George Nate didn't
back oh you just get tired he act make
it sound like you're falling from the
sorry I was like very behind and other
girls were just like powering up and I'm
like how are you not tired are you
selling trying to impress the guys like
I'm dying here this is Chicago oh my
team at domestic my family hears it was
their first date yeah they're married
now and they've a kid a baby that was
born the same day as no a year later
this was in Chicago when you're visiting
for the first time my family yeah I
remember Christmas Chris was grilling me
at that dinner cover that about what
she's like have you guys had a thing
yeah well you guys argued about I should
know that our dirty secrets it was
hilarious
I like to keep that between us that was
up in search tower that stuff still at
the house Cubs game football right here
so far oh yeah oh there's me oh my
mission what's up guys we've got boxes I
got my clothes packed I gave some
clothes to David I'm also getting rid of
some clothes except for my purple polo
shoes packed bathrooms packed with the
stuff in the closet like this stuff we
just grabbed it all hangers easy so I
got some cheese I got a pack I feel
pretty good
tomorrow's gonna be a big day of packing
the cool thing about just like moving
across town is you don't have to make
sure it all fits in one u-haul or budget
or ever moving truck you can do multiple
trips in the truck in the car we can
start moving things over tomorrow so
good enough to like pack the pictures on
the wall all nice we could just grab a
bunch put them in the car take them over
kind of save some time for us plus like
we said before we don't even have to
clean the whole place ourselves some fun
comments from the vlog today gen William
something that was said to me as a camp
counselor that I took to heart is that
there are no bad days only good days and
growth days because we learned something
on every one of those days ever these
days I butchered that no those days Sara
suggested that we put the basketball
hoop outside in the backyard which is
good it's a little too cool right now
but I'll be perfect when it gets warmer
a lot of good suggestions about the
couch we were kind of worried about that
somebody else had looked at Pinterest
others said it was like a divider so
that makes me feel better
other people said there was a full moon
yesterday and that's why kids were
cranky maybe that is true we used to do
comment of the day I think maybe six
months ago a year ago I'm not sure I'd
like to read more comments we don't need
to have a comment of the day but I'd
like to read more of you guys comments
in the vlogs because it definitely adds
to it we read what you guys say I try to
respond to things when I'm on the
computer and if it weren't for you guys
like this wouldn't be the same we
wouldn't be able to do all these things
you guys definitely are a huge support
to us so unless we're doing that more
okay those are fun we take your advice
we read it sometimes we laugh sometimes
you cry people make fun of us what -
what sorry singing I'm gonna chalk that
one up to pregnancy brain - nine - nine
sometimes general seeing something and I
just like my name is tomorrow we're
gonna get key to the place we're gonna
start moving things over
it's gonna be good hopefully it's a
flawless move and what you guys do just
don't come over and help us you need to
get it over with in like two minutes
good night peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood oh what's that
these are haunted corn maze oh my gosh
football covering a pumpkin together
your head for memory
I just know say I know Sam had so much
luscious hair because he did must do
