I think this room right here will be
Penelope's we're gonna put her room
probably close to ours is gonna be it
fine
good morning everyone good morning
peekaboo she's moving right now I don't
know if you know that oh no he wants to
just push my belly button in
he saw he's in there hey was that maybe
sister oh then he shows his belly cuz
that's where his baby sister hates isn't
she's in his belly let's have a quick
interview real quick Noah you are 19
months old
that was a big bite big bite I have a
little bit of how'd you drop a noodle I
can go get it you having some
blueberries a little bit of mac and
cheese for lunch
do you love to eat whoa that's a big
bite show us the big bite whoa
oh good job keeping it over the table
hey let me see Japanese okay good job
yeah get that looks we got to get that
home oh okay
are you excited to be a big brother hey
maybe you should use your fork use your
fork we use your fork to eat it yeah
that's better
yeah big big bite let's see a big bite
Wow look at the determination oh it's a
big bite yep that is a big bite oh man
Oh any nails it this interview is not
going to what we'll have to do another
one later I just want everyone to see
that I am wearing this is high school
Sam that's true I would always wear
whatever this was underneath gosh that
makes me seem like a interesting person
instead I'm keeping my polos I'm just
keeping whatever just keep you one of
them they're all like a medium and size
custom fit this one's even medium let me
show you
almost you wear that this summer yeah
yeah where can you wear that to CVX live
meet up with some Jordans welcome oh he
has a copy everything Sam does can you
guys this do it we are currently on the
way to our new house to take a little
peek because we haven't actually been
inside of it yet move it inside a
different one though it's the same same
model book flipped yeah so to see the
actual one that we're gonna be going
into three please I'm in the place we
live right now the master bedroom is
just so big and it's so long and the
vents are poorly placed like our bed is
over the heater and air conditioning and
it just kind of like stinks I was
worried I was like I remember to fit our
stuff in the next bedroom but this one's
actually pretty nice here's the closet
let me show you yes yes closet space
walk-in closet it's nice you come out
here you got two windows so there's a
lot of light that comes in and I feel
like the video doesn't do it justice and
you like people to stand there this is
actually a pretty big room like I'm
still walking through it the bathroom is
a ton smaller but that's fine I guess
it's fine for me hopefully it's okay
with Jen she's not big but I think this
room right here will be Penelope's we're
gonna put her room probably close to
ours
zoomy it kind of excited I'm excited to
decorate this I feel like I feel like we
need to decorate it this time nose room
isn't that well decorated I mean we're
just kind of like trying to get by get
the necessities I think it'd be fun to
have a nice little room for her to come
home to I can't wait to move in I can't
wait to move in I can't wait to
Nawal please yeah be good in here
no it's kind of another time he's like
what the heck is this place yeah you
having a hard time okay I won't throw
I'll touch it
we're kind of worried this is the family
room we're kind of worried about the
couch situation because we what we love
is that there's this open sir we're kind
of worried about like the couch
placement but we're excited about the
kitchen cuz it's very open for us where
we can have a nice place to sit and eat
from the fridge is pretty good too yes
or no choice in there there's also like
a nice place upstairs well we'll figure
it all out
but that would be nice yeah yeah this
place is probably a couple hundred
square feet bigger than the one we're in
right now maybe 500 I'm not sure fine
that dramatic but it feels good it to be
better for visitors to come stay with us
family and like Jen said I mean this
area right here to have a kitchen table
and sitting area he'll be so nice we're
gonna have guests even just coming over
to play board games and things alright
let's go you're not having fun let's go
dude I'm sorry
won't we go home yeah let's go put your
shoes in you're just having a rough day
and sometimes I wonder if it's a sinus
infection kick it in cuz a year ago from
today I had the worst sinus infection of
my life maybe the only sinus infection
I've ever had for my head hurt for a
week straight I could not function and
sometimes I wonder if like he's on his
antibiotics right I wonder if that's
what's going on - you know because
sometimes he's just like oh my dude do
your head hurt
we still kind of that language barrier
between us no uh I would say no is still
sobering up kids are born and they're
kind of like then they slowly you know
become more coherent there's a big
garage this is like the next step for
our life done
it's crazy well my kind of tiny I'm
pretty big that shirt just oh dude I'm
pretty large and in charge over here
look at this
whoa yeah we might be able to start
moving things over here as soon as
tomorrow although we might just wait
till Thursday hurry wait Freddie Freddie
every feeling this is gonna happen a lot
during the summer you're gonna want to
go outside which is another plus well we
got a yard well you only go to the potty
downstairs that's another plus bathroom
downstairs which for some reason our
place doesn't currently have every time
he says he has to go the bathroom we've
been running and that big garage
yeah isn't me awesome oh yeah it's
definitely bigger definitely bigger cool
so sneak peek of the downstairs so you
guys will see the upstairs when we move
in right Jen I thought you know Charlie
can show parts of the officers but
there's more bedrooms a little nice
Reading area a little nook fun fact
Jen looks beautiful second fun fact Noah
takes medicine like a champ he spit out
the food he was eating so you could take
the medicine
it's kind of weird something you have to
force your kids to do you we just went
to Sam's Club really quick we love
getting rotisserie chicken there it's
only five bucks which feeds the whole
family plus the neighbors David if he's
hungry
and he was kind of like off the wall
he's just been kind of like really
cranky today
and like I said before I think it's a
combination I'm not feeling well and
just you know we made them do kind of
adult stuff today
which every kid has to do you know I got
I kind of gotta suck it up sometimes but
he takes medicine way better than most
adults it's like oh that's cool dude
you're a champ when it comes to medicine
this like smells like cotton candy or
bubble than like disco I hate that stuff
mom I'm sorry I know I was terrible as a
kid I resent it it's the only bad thing
is they're like we're not to make sure
all the medicines like hit him like yeah
seriously the freakin combination
because he's like medicine oh yeah go
fight crime
hey no no go fight fight some crime go
fight them crime go fight some crime
babe it was so funny when he was
fighting crime with his mascot no he
thinks of YouTube videos playing ball
night
oh no is very happy a little crooked now
he's very happy idea was over he's been
not so happy today really hasn't even
felt that long the day but mentally been
a long day no one has been in I think
this was one of the worst days Noah has
acted like he's just been the second
half of the day the morning he was it
wasn't that bad say half the day he was
just not happy and so I'm pretty sure
it's because he's not feeling well
I'm gonna I'm gonna say it that and not
because he just feel like being a little
nasty but man he put me through the
wringer tonight I just kept taking the
breaths I'm really you know I'm really
proud of the way that I handled all the
situations sometimes you know like when
your kid just hits you for no reason you
want to be like ah why did you do I know
but I didn't I didn't like freak out
I've been really working on like
thinking before I act
especially with Noah because I don't
want to ever retaliate in a poor way I
want to be able to collect my thoughts
before I discipline him
so there's been a lot of it's been a day
full of learning patience and
understanding my son a little bit better
so I'm I'm really proud of that I mean
it wasn't anyone's finest day you know
like when when you're disciplining your
kid all day it's like it takes it out of
you like you feel like a failure that
day you know I know all your parents
have been there at one point or the
other you know even if you're like
responding well to the things the
situation's and you're not overreacting
you still just feel like okay what did
what am I doing wrong here know like can
I be handling this situation any
differently but really today I don't
think there was any other way to handle
the situations
he's just so sick that he just can't
even think straight today besides no
foul mood it was awesome we're really
excited I think going to going to the
house and seeing the inside and
everything was like okay we can do this
we can move it'll be exciting I'll be
good a new layout I think it won't feel
as cluttered in here in the new place
cuz it's just the layout better so
that'll be really nice and we're looking
for to that I'm just not I just hate
that our couch goes the wrong way but
what can you do whatever I may have like
just trimmed a little bit off the top
which is terrible
I probably shouldn't because now it'll
probably fall out faster which is
terrible but I just couldn't I couldn't
handle it back there just because I'm
just a more natural daytime person and
so that's when this is more nighttime
and uh but I do like having them they I
did my makeup and literally like a
minute today I put on foundation I even
did a bit of eyebrow today and it was so
fast and I was like oh my gosh it's
amazing especially being a mom
especially with Noah being so cranky
today I was like wow that was fast
so that's amazing and um like sleeping
was fine that I didn't like wake up like
in like freaked out like I was not my
face or anything like it was great um so
I'm definitely like looking forward to
doing it again
I'm gonna keep doing it I'm just gonna
make sure I'm really clear next time so
it's good kind of like because a lot of
you have said that you're interested in
this so it's good that you can see kind
of my experience and change it for your
experience you know what I mean like it
was definitely my fault like I should
have been much more clear about what I
had wanted because the she is so sweet
this girl you guys should go the last
studio there there's such nice girls
there let me go back there I'm gonna
keep going back there because it's just
it was awesome and she was so so sweet
and so I it really was my bad like I
should have been like oh this is what I
want this is this and this is my bad so
we're gonna have some sassy girl people
kept saying oh it's sassy Jen we're
gonna have some sassy Jen eyes for a
couple weeks and then we'll see what
happens next house bomb right good hit
some shots you know had a good time you
got a good workout I played for two and
a half hours yeah some sweaty guys smell
great it smell like Marc Jacobs mixed
with a little sweat packed up a lot of
the kitchen is really look like it but a
lot of the cupboards are empty now Oh
where's the hoop gonna go for now to a
closet okay that's gonna go maybe on the
side of the couch yeah about for special
occasions what do you think the hell if
it on the side of the couch see look at
us we're deciding things right now yeah
because our couch is the wrong couch for
the space but that's the only thing
that's off we're really excited so we're
getting we're getting things done slowly
but surely it'll start feeling more
empty once we take all the pictures down
we're kind of just don't really want to
I cried today I took the pictures and
Sam's gonna cry when he shakes the
lights down yeah it was a good night got
some got to sit down for a minute and
calm our brains and hopefully tomorrow
is a better day for Noah that we're all
feeling good so we're excited see you
tomorrow
you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood wait cranberry
seeker clip hey that's really good juice
