hello help hello there welcome welcome
to our vlog this could be your first
time you've seen our faces hopefully you
don't hate them
we shave to the doctor right now but
they're pretty
because Noah's had a really bad cough
lately and you know he acts like himself
most of the time but then there's other
days where he's just like and I like to
fix it for you we are responsible for
your well-being way to my doctor yes
yeah so we'll keep you posted after we
get out okay Jenna we did a little tag
team sometimes when Jenna Mary together
with Noah it's like he acts worse
there's some probably psychological
study behind that but Jenna took him to
the doctor real quick and then I went to
the grocery store actually got a little
surprise for Noah if he was a good boy
and also something for Jenna sasch
Penelope so hopefully everything is
going on right I'm picking them up right
now it only took a couple minutes so
that's good
we should I picked that up from lodgings
hello cameras on Wow hey man there's
something so Noah has either the
beginning suitors or the tail end stages
of a science infection and he called it
bronchiolitis I'm not sure if that's the
same thing is Vaughn kindness so he gets
to be on an antibiotic for 10 days to
really just nip it in the bud I guess
these things can last a long time I told
Jen when some when I was in high school
I had a cough for like an entire year I
don't know why did it go the doctor for
that but you know when I'm senior in
high school or junior whenever I was
you're just like the free spirit free
spirit in Assassins to pull a eating
free spirit I saw this I just couldn't I
just couldn't help that story so there's
a good one today
was good what did I get you
there's a bits of baseball Hot Wheels
car can you say thank you being a good
boy at the doctor
although Jen said just like me she
rewarded for everything good he does
because they know always respect your
award
oh yeah excellently said gentlemen of
this morning I was like a drink oh yeah
we've been getting kind of used to say
that but he does not get treats with me
all the time
not never does so I mean going poop is a
treat for Noah yeah
is that cool you say thanks to dad I
mean open it the whole time we were in
there once know where dad is
the doctor did say that his ears were
good he hadn't been pulling on the Sun
it was an ear infection and he agreed
that it was not an ear infection and
that there's no fluid in his lungs so
it's not pneumonia which was like my
biggest worry why didn't really think so
double good things just some other
nasties nip it in the butt what we need
to your car show me your car do you like
it see the baseball Oh coz there's a
baseball on it I was like Noah's gonna
love that do you love it yeah that cool
he wanted to wear this shirt he's
wearing it because there's a best fall
on it and he wants sports it was so
funny he came downstairs and that had
been on previously when I went to change
it the little square of whatever was on
TV usually stays there when you're
flipping through the guide or whatever
and I gonna watch this and he kept
shaking his head no to all the cartoons
and kept point in a sports center like
seriously you want to watch SportsCenter
right now this kid has gotten very
sneaky sneaky when we blessed the food
we always fold our arms and he's sitting
over here with his arms folded sneakin
raspberries are you sneaky sneaky yeah
though
this is probably one of Noah's favorite
meals eggs berries and cucumber right
okay guys here's the before out here my
eyelash appointment Samm only wants me
to try to film during but I might get to
shot and I know I'm gonna be laying this
my eyes closed so I'll try but I'm not
gonna make promises so you might just
see the after excited I think we know
who the favorite is Jen he is very upset
that you're not here very for some
reason I mean I don't get it it's not
like you're beautiful and the best mom
ever
mom he just had been wanting to go the
garage door opening it closing it hoping
that your car will magically appear
there and I just wants to set the window
he's gone
ma'am 2,000 years late here's the after
there are a lot longer and thicker than
I thought they would be but they sent
out fast I guess it's kind of a good
thing but I like it I need to I need to
do it in daylight lighting did you miss
me do you miss you getting something
done she'll be at home really soon
let's see daylight life's better I feel
like I'm going to like the prom or
something you can see my eyes from a
mile away now does it look like I'm
there yeah they are my eyes are the tape
was kind of a little painful just cause
my eyes aren't used to having like my
lower lids take down
so that is kind of like Oh irritated
from the tape but she was so nice
hi look at his face right now I missed
you
pretty evident is the favorite are you
kidding me cuz I never wear dad dad dad
did he really cry yes he was screaming
and crying for like a good 30 45 minutes
what are you doing just like mom you
stay at the door just pointing seriously
that's really open it again no and then
we had to go up to the window in the
bedroom so I can hold him way to go up
to the window in the bedroom and just
sit there and stare that much and like
I'm it's gonna take a little getting
excited have no eyelashes you know I
have eyelashes yeah it's like a Germanic
yeah it's a lot it's a little more
dramatic than I thought it'd be but they
don't last forever
okay so figured out why I was like these
are so much more dramatic than I thought
then I was like planning on getting or
thought I was getting um because I had
originally chosen a class it's called
classic or volume and originally chosen
classic and and she had didn't volume so
I was like oh that's why they're like
really like
ba-ba-boom they're really pretty I might
go a little bit more classic next just
as I see the difference and if I like
one or the other better
this is that I'm just not used to it I
don't think um or anything like so I
just feel fancy hopefully they're not
too over-the-top for me
I'm not used to something so like wow
okay posted I really like them so far um
it just takes some getting used to
I'm not sure if I'll I don't know if
I'll go volume again next time we're
just do classic we'll see three it looks
like a little much like I'm a pageant
queen or something but they're pretty
we'll see how they go in the next in the
next couple weeks and if they like them
out a little bit or whatever and maybe
I'll just get more of a classic fixed
I'm a little more natural natural good
thing Sam was even like whoa come on I
thought you're getting grandpa or Papa
which one
give two we'll see how they go what do
you guys think a little much or just
enough I feel like maybe a little much
what we've been talking about on that
day huh
daehan's came over and we were supposed
to film something yeah without me
knowing your fingers a little sore dan
always comes over without telling us Lee
wants to film some yes as soon as we
want to film something I've seen their
jegos at the door what should we do I
just woke up and it freaked me out okay
now we've been talking about that and
then Dae Han decided to you want to have
our touch yeah I'm just talking about
future plans where we're gonna be in a
couple years
yeah we've been talking buds
relationship relationships we gave Dan
wants all this cuz he athletes and I
told them that all right right right
kids because I was saying I don't want
to be in old Paree he doesn't want even
old parents so he was saying boom boom
boom and boom and I was like dad I think
for kids and diapers no not that quick I
would say like you say boom if you had
high school in a sophomore in high
school I think that's like perfect right
because they can still associate
like I feel like you do yeah two years
is like perfect okay
Jase yeah JS JS wait wait hundred days
JS JS JS j ey z no you're not calling
Jesse I already decided I will have a
name jay-z that done else can color
where does it even come from
PJ James oh my gosh people I started my
son and then everyone took it from Noah
I called though of my son first and I
was like oh ho calling my son no no
that's what I called Noah Aaron calls
them that Tyler called them that
everyone calls him that just you three
the funny thing is guys so many people
comment on pictures and stuff and
they're like oh no it's just like
actually as a little kid I actually had
a passion the only reason but I date on
has more shoes is because he influenced
me
Noah's just his the style he's growing I
feel like I pushed my not push he's
gained some of my some of my gonna have
10 children Matt 10 I want carry maybe
for now for that boy helmet all boys I
think four is a good number
yeah cuz I want a decently big family I
wouldn't put a preference on gender but
I would like boys and so I told dejan
that he's gonna have all girls okay
I wanted for show or I wanted em boy
that's true well there was a little
pressure to have for us to have boys
you're the last Anderson sound sisters
and that's true that's true you only
have sisters to you look at a boy I hope
so
a little mixed Asian baby babies because
I like my baby's gonna be so cute I feel
like I have it I have a type of girl I
mean - I wouldn't say that I would say
Dan likes blonde blue-eyed girls you're
not gonna marry outside of your type
yeah I'm not gonna that's a great way to
say I'm not gonna marry outside of my
type I hope they do and then I'm gonna
go back to this and like I'm gonna give
a toast at your wedding can be like
choose me
I don't I don't date out of my type so
my kids are gonna be little mixed Asian
babies and they're gonna be really cute
exactly but we got some time I forget
all the time that these guys are so much
younger than me it's funny you got my
baby - baby you're not a baby anymore
you mean 28 you know almost two years
away from being 30 how's that feel
that's a field day so close it's a pity
- kids beautiful wife I'm happy oh
that's great what you what you feel
about your life right now oh I think I
saved that be almost me third yeah I'm
five years away I realize with your eyes
no no they're too much I like them like
I've decided that I would like something
a little more natural
yes how do you feel about your life
right now I love my life right now I'm
so grateful I can be home that Sam can
be home well let you know he called me
dad the other day no we did because it
hello
weaving on the couch like there
you're gonna talking did that does
Jennifer get off the couch it's because
Denon all these comes over when Noah's
napping so I'm taking a nap myself or
it's nighttime and I'm on the couch guys
nice hard work yeah yeah glad things are
going don't really know where things are
going but uh we're gonna figure it out
everyone daehan's inc any less weird
 that's perfect thanks for watching
you guys please comment on how Noah
isn't kamini he's my son people didn't
understand the house Salmons and your
phone as the other debt knows other guys
whose Noah's other dad the same as the
first he's technically the other day I
don't even want to think about that's
just weirding me out
it doesn't have to be like that Jenny if
you think of it later to me I like that
brother husbands ill no no yeah no it's
my son
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you bad understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that I'm just secret clip we are
accepting applications today Aaron at
CVX live oh yeah all right so I think
I'm bringing a girl down a CVX live so
we need someone for Aaron James jo7 at
gmail.com if you'd like to do Aaron
Tagus J go to G's applications and we're
very excited so we're gonna have like a
YouTube bachelor so be ready
Oh that'd be hilarious
