thirty four weeks
hi this is how we do a Q&A right tell
people privately
so yesterday have you watched the vlog
we couldn't find the camera it was a
joint thing that's a joint thing also
Noah was really not feeling well it just
was kind of a crummy day an incoming day
we took no-one to the doctor today which
we will see tomorrow and we'll keep you
guys updated on that my nose is actually
itchy right now I swear make sure nice
way so we're gonna do a quick Q&A some
great questions that you guys have
tweeted us let's go Wally Rodriguez
loeli loeli loeli Rodriguez said hey
when your wife is in labor who's gonna
watch your son when you're on your way
to the hospital
good question well we're just gonna
leave him at home right depending on the
wind is fine when she comes my mom is
coming the day before her due date
so she's pops Lumiere but if she comes
before her due date before my mom's here
then we're gonna have to have one of the
guys or David or someone and whoever's
not working Hannon slack
who
tweets and comments says if you got your
dream number of children how many would
you have you Benjen right now we're
about to have to yeah I'd say for
probably I think me fax is completely
daunting like you know or just lay off
or Jana it says do you think Penelope
will have Sam's color on is for Jen's
close your eyes look like mine are kind
of a grayish blueish green depending on
what color I'm wearing blue Jen's are
brown no is our Brown Jen's are green I
kind of hope she has blue eyes
I think she's never had but I think she
loves brown dominates in all shades of
everything I want to know what happened
he got brown well she's an FBI man all
right
I'm guessing blue what anna says what
will you miss most about your current
place when you tale right people are
concerned about that they're like you
never knew see what happen - what's the
neighbor boy they have a little neighbor
boy I think we'll see him a ton we still
well cuz we're imagine I noticed the
pool uh-huh probably bit the park
whenever we come to the Parker pool will
be with tail cuz we saw people here
friends and family so we'll be here
often
and we it was accurate now so we'll have
tail come to us as well yeah definitely
once it warms up the thing is is like
koa no I haven't hung out a ton as it is
because it's been so cold today I was
like a little kick to the cold and no it
just tends to get really cold so sick
they haven't been able to see as much
each other as much as they used to
anyways but we will definitely miss that
it's like we'd wake up open the door go
outside the doors open earlier than that
yeah this place I'm Brenda says what are
you most excited about with the new
house decor Wi-Fi and when are we going
to see it so you answer it on then I'll
insert um I think one of things I miss
about is having a dining area
with wood floor so we can have got Noel
booster seat came today I'm gonna get it
and I'm really excited for that and to
have a toy closet yeah I think we need a
bigger kitchen table right nice to
finally get cheap on and then Wi-Fi for
his stage I'm excited to have Wi-Fi
because I'm so sick of leaving table and
it is so annoying it takes forever just
the process so I just got the internet
ordered we're good to go the speeds
should be pretty good and that also
means bringing back some live streams
yeah we were just kind of like starting
to get into that where we're live
streaming like playing games and things
and I want to do more than just like
video games I think it'd be fun to do
like a survivor livestream like it's
forever watching anyone that's watching
you know various things like that yeah
I'm excited about the Wi-Fi but with the
corn stuff it takes us a while to start
decorating no we're gonna do this stuff
though we have better and better we
decorate more and more every single time
it's red so we'll see what's a patek
this is an interesting question from
Hello or CeCe I've seen your comments
often on the blogs how long into the
relationship was Jen introduced to high
school Sam nice girl Sam I'm trying to
figure out if that's like my nerdy side
or yeah one of our first dates recording
you or any without your sweet 16 video
that Christian me maybe really yeah
which I just found oh you found it Oh
guys that's like a video all it is the
most embarrassing video of my life that
is yeah like if someone wanted to
blackmail me that's like it's fun that
is the moment of my life rather this
felt fully secure about myself I think
every sixteen-year-old
oh I'm back in the day
ten years of lacquer 20 I don't know
straight away then right away I think oh
he's been himself with me yeah he's
never liked him that's right that was 40
whenever you're dating my mom and dad
and sisters said genic is great because
you truly yourself house like all
police' says what some advice you can
give for young couples and relationships
what's something that is important for
both to agree on advice I feel like
we're still a young couple so it's hard
to give think I'm a team the advice I
would give would you like the most
successful relationships you know it's
not like that you're identical or
exactly like but there's that common
ground of bullies you know for us I
think that's that we both emphasized
family we wanted to have happy families
that were together forever and so I feel
like coming together on a common ground
you know that's it's super important I
mean you don't have to be your
personalities don't have to be the same
but I feel like you have to be vocal
communicate well your goals
communication and like let each other
know what you both want to do with your
lives right and kind of come to
agreement that like yeah you want to do
it listen but let's do it right I mean
you might take awhile like I'm still
working on my communication skills
nothing has gotten better yeah hey we
could dive into like that kind of
questions forever
a lot of people are like you guys seem
to have a good relationship like what's
the secret but I think
because we try and communicate with
every single day go to bed happy not mad
at each other and we both you know we're
a united front especially has become
become parents
that's person age me and Noah versus
Jen's or Jenna Noah Jenna and I'll be
versus me it's us versus the kids right
and always you can't beat us Noah
we're always MGS meg says what
personality trait does Noah hat from
each question well I think he has just
Sam's personality
as a whole but Sam now not Sam as Noah's
age we both say where did this kid come
from we don't feel like he's like an
either of us
what is like just fun you just only want
to have fun and dancing around and play
like it's a lot like you have a good
time he definitely tries to be like me
make sure I'm a good example but you
know I don't know that's hard like still
forming right I think I mean the easy
answer is as your artistic ability
colors kind of he's a very loving sassy
- we're still thinking about yeah what
do you guess that way I don't know Noah
hippity duda Jenna says you seem to know
a bit about theater and the heights and
Hamilton are there any other shows you
enjoy side note I've had to go I've been
forced to go to both of us my whole life
it's kind of funny because that was one
thing that we were like Oh going to
watch scooter things because that was
how it was my family I was with those
watcher I was the participator I came
although he should have so it's her
favorite pictures boy I haven't seen
that many honestly I'm always a weekend
and what more sauce it has it's in
business I really I didn't really like
you like wicked climaxed English at the
intermission for me and I was just like
after that I was like whatever is later
Disney Hercules special starring my
sister back in 2000
last question we can do more of these I
like answer this question Caesar fun
Emily says when will baby Penelope be
born I don't know because I was very off
last time with Noah so I just don't know
about kind of finish my from hoping
she'll come forward I'm gonna say I hope
I don't get bored
today's question of the day for you guys
when do you think PJ low D born dude a
is April 7th
what's your guess we're getting closer
we're within a month a Navajo snake what
do you think and then I mean you can
have bragging rights when it actually
happens and I'll go back and see if it's
true but you can't change your answer
because I'll see when you posted it okay
my name if you enjoyed this question and
answer we will continue to do more in
the future we appreciate you accepting
this for today's vlog considering we
connect been vlogging camera yesterday
and it was just all around kind of
blessed day look you're getting update
on that tomorrow if we took note of the
doctor already today eyelashes done and
I'm about to break my foot we'll see you
guys tomorrow
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood 34 weeks see she
looks really low take a bullet
