if you're watching this on Sunday I'm
sorry it's so late couldn't find the
camera couldn't think of where it was
and pregnancy brain it pregnancy rain it
so here is the vlog what's daddy want
this is repeat your order sir those
wendy's mcdonald's hello mcdonald yeah
ibex one big chicken at sweet and sour
but all over my body sneak peek at the
house
no snows go away go away snow it's
really coming down out there mr. when
we're outside the snow was practically
gone off the grass and now there's
another three inches of snow oh man it's
like in the beginning you following2
you're like oh yes there's no it's okay
in love it snow comes no and I won't
know Oh what someone honked their horn
didn't a little curiosity so cute so
funny I feel like he's already coming up
the stage like the four-year-old
three-year-old for old age like but why
why what's that because that's what's
that we're at the park against moto g
out and playing in the snow Sam said
that he's gonna come and join us he's
just eating something and then become
Pope no at the park I really hate the
week before you're supposed to move
because uh I feel like I need everything
done now even though i still have
technically a week I just hate feeling
antsy and anxious Sam thinks I'm nesting
but I'm really just in packing mode
nesting mode will come when we unpack
and they're like oh let's get everything
washed or maybe I'll do this you know so
ah did you find wood chips fun just ride
back rub your hands together yeah there
you go you make a snowball
you getting tired Wow yeah you like the
park and you did such a great job down
that slide Oh your hands are very wet
moved into his complex a year ago and he
was just crawling a whole year it's
crazy that we've been here a year back
and loved him for a year was I that feel
nice i'm your head you're probably cold
yeah this could get so hot whenever I
take his snow clothes off he's like
sweating underneath even if it's like
freezing out so he's gonna be really hot
under those snow clothes with it Sun out
today keep going whoo kagan jump off
hahaha goodness you get air are you a
side shot of that okay you didn't jump
again
haha good jump dad I talked to Danny
back how are you see something back to
him your name hello yay hi dad what's at
the turkey call lately they don't
interfere all's to know today we play we
play hide and go seek and if you can't
find me I do a little oh hey toddlers
are at the fun park he can climb a
little rope park now with them of that
with the mini book it so there's holes
are smaller oh my goodness no huh all
right you don't help the holes are small
and you can climb up and climb down
what's daddy one please repeat your
order sir this is Wendy McDonald
McDonald hello McDonald yeah I bet one
big chicken to the back at sweet and
sour but all over my body right away sir
thank you all be off the quarter I don't
mcdonald's
hey
okay we're at yogurtland smartest idea
we ever had was the sample cups no it
was just all about that life jen shows
we got I got Lumia
was that foster banana foster work on
topic screen with
strawberries Reese's Pieces Oreos Lisa's
nilla wafers cookie dough Paul Jones
idea cuz she's pregnant I have chocolate
milkshake banana foster gummy bears
berries cheesecake bites cookie dough
strawberries a little salted with heath
bar tell us about yours I have a waffle
cone I I barely have any ice cream it's
all kandy there's no ice cream in there
it is just a bowl of candy kungfu panda
tell us about yours was it good yeah
it's good uh sneak peek sneak peek at
the house snake big step dick oh look at
you little baby oh what's going on show
me
is it cool no it's been wanting to go on
it but he's like too afraid all of a
sudden ready haha he loves it David just
wants the footage of him with no because
he thinks it's cute
good job okay like my hands were just
around his hips so like she I had him
but I'm a month like I wasn't touching
he was just like balancing on ya hey hot
stuff I told you need this kid
skateboarding last but Thomas to haha is
that fine Noah yeah he knuckles boom
coolest uncle ever go do it again before
it gets too late stand on it get your
feet up on ok remember what I told you
want your feet a little bit wide
instructor David yo whoa stand up his
face is so excited right now that's good
job bend your knees a little bit you got
this good job no keep your hands on it I
know no keep your hands on him my hands
are you're going into the slush hands on
him
yes you do again you doing so good Wow
No is that so awesome good his face
right now so good you did it oh my
goodness all by yourself yeah that's so
awesome double high-five come on double
high-five yep doesn't reach I I think we
have cabin fever I'm so ready for summer
and spring I'm sick of the winter I was
like so excited probably about a month
ago and like Jen said I'm done with it I
think we might actually go somewhere
warm briefly before the baby's here
after we moved just to kind of you know
one last hurrah it's light until six now
ah that's true it's lighter later now oh
I was gonna say saying oh yeah we're
gonna film a quick Q&A right now for the
vlog for tomorrow if you have a question
for one of us send me a tweet my twitter
handle my twitter handles right here
send it to us and we're gonna answer
about five six maybe seven questions all
right so yes tomorrow peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood we've
a lot of memories at this house its kind
of sad to move
