oh wow I look like a nice Caucasian male
oh boy here we are on our way to
gymnastics this morning
I actually woke up before Noah cuz I
don't think I'm like I don't know how I
was like oh shoot mastix because it was
really sunny it's that thought we had
missed it because he's kind of staying
up a little bit later so he's been
sleeping in just like a half-hour hour
longer it sounds kind of a little
worried we had missed it but we did it
we're on our way I'm going
I sure hate roundabouts Sam's not with
us has someone might have stayed up a
little late trying to get some shoes off
the black market I'm just kidding half
the black market but he was a very late
day on trying to get shoes so I don't
know if he did or didn't get them I
texted him from the bedroom
I like 2:00 in the morning come to bed
and then woke up to his sex saying I
think about a parent London Anna I think
I've got a pair in some walls I don't
even know so we'll see if you actually
did get a pair we're gonna go gymnastics
you excited yeah you want to hold that
you eat it I don't know what you want
okay I'll take your water alright let's
go I don't know how much we'll be able
to film by myself cuz I've got to kind
of help him so we'll see well we're
already back 15 pick
hey girlie back in the foam pit can you
get out can you get out of the foam pit
now I come out good job you strong end
up again
wow this jumping has improved
dramatically since two heaps of cover
yeah that's tiring huh maybe we'll start
on the other end but that's okay hang
from it good can you go through the hoop
jump Oh got your bum no don't feel like
it that's okay it's kind of small
schools good jumps and there's like
push-ups or something dude you do big
jump again how is gymnastics did you
have fun look at me look oh boy Jeff I
love gymnastics today gymnastics was
good I think you had more fun last time
just cuz whoo-hoo Sam was there I'm just
really I think Newseum are both really
overwhelmed with everything that we have
to get done he's really over all this
work stuff and then moving stuff and I'm
just really grateful we don't have to
clean but it's like I just feel like we
have so much stuff to pack and organize
the one of the one I know the number one
thing I'm dreading is okay not number
one but like tie up on the list
Tupperware I feel like half of my
Tupperware just disappears I can never
find a lid and then we buy more and then
the same thing just happened I keep
losing Tupperware so I just need to sit
in there and find the lid to the bowl I
might have to do it tonight one knows
asleep because he will just go all in
there thank you for sharing a ball with
me we move literally in a week we will
be in our new place and I'm kind of just
freaking sorry camera space and
done it's just a daunting task for a far
us right now but we will do it no way
guess what
I yeah you some shoes just like daddy's
when open up member daddy's shoes you
want to open them use it back okay well
spring in this this child's already
gonna be hooked to shoes my kindergarten
but look it look it put it all right
look through the same you get to match
dad did you smell yours
yes melon even put him on oh my gosh kid
look so cute
okay he has too much swagger already oh
it's cold out here
yeah boy
we just can't get over how cute this he
was even posing we had no luck yucky way
to bribe him with some candy but it was
worth the bribery let's take a picture
he's like okay hey so candy first a will
give in yet although I know candy works
we just took a quick stop sure the guys
know shoes
oh wow I look like a nice Caucasian male
my name is No
then I went to the supermarket get some
food for dinner to cook up success she
would get it done and now they have
coconut syrup so we're getting dinner
groceries last time I was here they
didn't have any and now they do
I think sir you don't help me heavy oh
okay do you that's that's so heavy
holding up by himself and now we're
eating guacamole which is one of my
favorite things and without me even
showing Noah he instinctively after
finishing his chips filled with
guacamole he's like oh well these these
pieces I just now this this welcome oh I
can't get with a chip I'm gonna use my
finger which personally enough is
exactly that I kind of like doing do
whenever he finishes any type of like
like dip if it's really good hummus used
to always do it with spicy hummus oh
yeah things you'd always clean it out
with this guacamole you like it's so
good and you're just like oh man I just
want a little bit more I know it just
instinctively it's like I'll use my
little finger we both look down and
we're like just like his daddy the lid
is worth that you got that extra
guacamole
it was asleep Jen is falling asleep I'm
kind of falling asleep I had an
interesting experience last night trying
to get some sneakers I was on the phone
and okay well I hope it all works out
yeah
more importantly we found a new type of
our flavored candy isn't as if I can't
speak favorite candy
we love hi choose we've loved them for
years today when we're at the storage
and was like I think I see it different
flavor fight you sure enough sour hi
choose and this is all that we have left
lemon grapefruit is definitely my
favorite lime is definitely Jen's
favorite the lemon are delicious as well
if you love hi choose you need to find
the sour ones that's true they're not
like sour but the flavors are different
maybe it's just like cuz it's different
flavors than what they usually have but
I think they're delicious let me just
say Jen eight-plus mom best mom in the
world I was disappointed that I go to
gymnastics today I was so tired and Jen
saw me as a hopeless cause probably just
let me sleep and then I was like gosh
why are you gonna take note of
gymnastics cuz you're pregnant and stuff
I felt terrible I felt terrible when I
woke up today I was like wait we gotta
go gymnastics and she's like I just got
back I was like like a failure of a dad
I'm not missing next week I want you to
spend all night with people from the UK
this girl on her toes every single day
playing packing I think Jenna's entering
nesting mode nesting mo Jen is coming
back done the Builder will be back next
week Jen also has a crush on what's the
guy's name
very good god Barry John has a crush on
you fall asleep too
anyways more packing tomorrow we are
moving very soon we got a good idea get
some things we guess start planning for
like a big boy bed bed for Noah though
that won't be right now we have to start
decorating and planning for the baby's
room we also have there's that woman
there's the treat yourself night next
next week you're getting your eye lashes
done I feel if there's just a million
little like tiny things that are
happening plus the big thing of moving
but either excited let's go to sleep
yeah I'm tired
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
