mom mommy mommy give me some water
please Oh mommy I'm hungry I see no okay
so just looks like me yeah so creepy hi
can you say hi Noah Oh can you see I do
I look like I have you look like a
monkey with anything showing oh oh oh my
gosh that is so creepy good morning them
i'll add he playing educational games
with Arthur yes we are well Vince my mom
plays on many watches anybody likes them
I have a meeting to go to it's raining
this morning now it's snowing I thought
I was about to get warm I'll see you
guys in a minute bye dad bye
bye
my Jordan give me house got my white
cement forest oh so I wasn't until
tomorrow to show you this but uh I got a
pair and I actually got a pic for Noah
and they get here tomorrow we're just
gonna walk around like this no look at
me we're just gonna walk around like
this right yeah and then no insisted on
putting on his his green glows to be
like dad and they started running around
jumping it's you know how i can use
outfits a little bag you today he looks
like a little gangsta baby oh good yeah
nod your head oh yeah oh yeah some
tricks so I didn't film anything at the
meeting I film driving up to it and then
like didn't film anything we're gonna do
right now though is we're gonna go to
home depot we're gonna go get some boxes
and we're gonna start packing because we
move next week next week and I move in a
week we are moving in a week which it's
crazy sounds like here's your Christmas
surely like strong other Christmas
lights up yeah I was like yeah we move
and then they'll probably stay down
we'll decide I honestly at night it's
kind of nice when it's dark about
different idea that what for instead of
having those lights I have another idea
oh you do no time to work so you have to
see the house again yeah all the way
though we've never actually been in this
house so that's true it's like identical
when we looked at there are many parts
of this house that I feel like I like
better but that house is that's a
veteran areas like I don't feel like
it's just like oh this one's suede which
sunday night you think I mean well we'll
talk we'll go more into it once we
actually move yeah I like those shoes a
lot Sam and then we go boom and then we
did we do that up oh no one made it with
Daddy list hahahaha daddy miss but Noah
made it wish we could turn back time
I just started dancing this is how you
dance in a home depot play aisle oh and
now he has a cactus daddy's dancing can
you see him Noah should go find him
staring contest me and you know watch
his face I mean to tell me he's 50 brake
system one two three go I don't think
the cart supposed to go to that way pain
he's gonna dancing nude eventually I
don't want to think about that right now
oh gosh she's like the dangerous area
seriously doesn't say okay you guys are
known in the intro and run the grocery
store and gents like really pregnant
it's yeah I'll and bring it back bring
it back bring it back bring it back
bring back yeah it doesn't matter I look
beautiful oh and she's going into birth
going into birth labor okay we're here
to get boxes because we're moving and we
need to start packing today and we also
need to look at washers and dryers I
think we'll get him here just gonna look
at them and also I have an idea for the
next house to replace the Christmas s
are you pushed in that big cart the big
boxes there you go now you can push
thank you okay okay slow down slow to
home playing Wyatt to use this just
takes me back to high school I saw them
in concert and getting them who they
were and then I was in love with them
not in love like their music with their
music I saw them Paramore and single
plan all together and then compare more
employees blew up but someone plan
you're not blow
fortunately there you hold on i still
love me some people plan good job noah
other parties don't really smoke either
Pamela look the most are you are you
pushing the car just getting a free ride
there's different colors you can get I
mean they changing colors the LEDs where
do you put them and then these light
bulbs you can show them to the phone oh
wow that's pretty oh like this so then
that's pretty cool here's the thing
being on the white and then if I'm like
are you doing we build this house I
don't think we've ever properly done a
house tour of where we live right now
have we did did we may be so right now
we have three bedrooms our bedroom is so
much bigger than the other bedrooms and
the place that we're moving ours is
still the biggest but the other ones a
little more equal and bigger in size
literally just threw that ball and
almost not that one bottle over is that
we're aiming for yes okay I cheat I
turned the camera off because wow did
you were seriously just knock that water
bottle down are you kidding me dude
let's eat again can you do it again oh
that was not quite it hey this is the
spare bedroom though I now we're doing
Legos wow you just hit it polishing
month or things but I'm kind of like
proud of his ability to throw red the
water bottle all right no toys hey just
balls which isn't it is is the spare
bedroom this is where David lived for a
month or so this is the bed that we have
in here for guests then there's also
know as toys that he can play with up
here
and and just like storage air mattress
Oh baby stuff whoa oh shut up oh my
goodness oh and baby clothes baby
clothes for PJ all right third time in a
row and I have not caught any of them
put it back put it back on the window
cheap your aim is no Popish your aim is
it Sade keep put it back on the window
for yourself that's harder for you Sam
for a little trick shot with Noah hit it
hate it okay hi wait wait where no ago
there seems to be a box here but oh hi
hello godin ito pero wow ki Oh hola hola
me amigo lady Oh scared we have today
yeah no I just put that hat on and he is
jumping and dancing I told him to semper
jump program before bed whoa jump
program
okay so that game is no joke yeah full
body workout feeling good burning
calories Grover get the lights let's go
upstairs it's time for you to go to bed
let's go let me hold your hand there you
go let's go to bed whoo good work out
man amen sure
if you choose to I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood he said it hey Shh
