oh my gosh we're sing happy birthday but
it's my mom's birthday you couldn't even
see you Yes Mother it's my mom's
birthday everyone go wish her a happy
birthday so happy birthday oh gee I'm
saying happy birthday in the camera so
you love you someone in the you now
broadcasts I just said or did said you
guys still do how big is no so let's see
if it works how big is know how Vegas
Noah nope no you done to old girl how
big is Noah Oh Mike you remember oh how
does the best or son of all
Rock Dalton hey Sam's all about Hamilton
Danton darling founded ball I'm gonna
memorize most of these songs by the time
I see the show 00 other rats yeah so
here's the thing i'm looking at getting
tickets i never it's like oh it's sold
out in New York it sold out until that
yeah it's all that but technically it
isn't there's always a price to see
something there's always always I found
some recently priced tickets for this
summer silly Billy everyone's Larry
reasonably priced ticket to somewhere in
New York so when we got there I checked
her Christie I was like hey when we just
like go see the show together us for the
girls can watch Noah Penelope Oh a
little like a date a day or two in the
city for the show then go up to the
country crunchy house crunchy and then
Courtney texted me today and said you
saw the texture they're gonna be in
chicago during Christmas time it's like
me the original cast though so it's like
it'll be really good so I was like well
let's go down Christmas too but then
she's like take it turn on silly yet but
group tickets are on sale and then she's
like why don't you ask people that watch
your vlog we could all go as a group and
buy group tickets right now so here's
the real question I'm joking but I'm
actually kind of serious who wants to go
see Hamilton around Christmastime
December eighteenth nineteenth ish extra
guards gonna need to know how much the
ticket is whoa we can figure that out
but if you're down and you really want
to go listeners
oh he would have been Christie's
refusing to listen to the song until she
sees it the soundtracks on Spotify he is
honest and anyways if you guys are
interested in going in Chicago our
Christmas time let me know we'll get
group tickets okay we'll figure out a
way venmo paypal whatever i'll purchase
them we can all put our money and we'll
get the group tickets sit together at
hamilton party hahaha really fun Marty
said she'd babysit really owe me mush
Raptor Kissin
ever going sound crazy you guys wanna go
with us Chicago where am I chicago p but
they want to see Hamilton you bank stick
your patties in and dollars don't don't
treat yourself this weekend because
we're treating ourselves for Christmas
so we just got back from taller time it
was cut just a little bit short cuz no
decided to start flailing those hands
another spaces and so I called it quits
Mike okay outside that once he starts
hitting is time to go um I wish you
wouldn't we had a I explained to him
there and then in the car and then oh my
god yeah why we do not hit and he had a
one minute timeout facing the wall cuz i
sued the crib but I don't I don't want
him to associate his crew with like 10
out you know so we're gonna start doing
my cousin this weekend said nose to the
wall really work so efficiently or noski
corner I just the wall and he stood
there for full minutes and then he gave
me a hug well he just gave me the hug
actually which was awesome and we had a
good little chat together and I was rat
it was really nice to meet you cami she
watches our videos and she saw that we
went we go taller time and she has been
cooped up in the house with her new baby
and her daughter board our minds so she
saw that um she just got four taller
time through the videos which was
awesome I gonna Bowl hey can you say it
again see cheesy cheesy oh there's dad I
see dad he's over there I know is s
whenever one of us isn't around my dad
died where mom it's really cute hmm oh
he just wants to throw a snowball at you
that's all he wants to do hahaha doctors
appointment went well supposedly I'm 33
weeks not 32 this week I thought I was
32 hit been I was like meddling three
yep 33 weeks which makes me even happier
so my god each week is going by so slow
now the first the first bit was really
fast and now I'm like I think it's
flying by it is flying by but now I'm
thinking about it like seven weeks away
frost younger but now I'm
think about it more but she sounded
great everything looked great heartbeat
started playing 808 heartbreak no that
didn't happen it but that would have
been really cool um yeah that's Jackie
poop that's gonna keep ooh yeah all this
doesn't melt and all the poop is going
to be revealed oh and gross um yeah
everything is great now I have expended
in two weeks now be 35 weeks which is
exciting good watch it bud watch out no
backup good whoa sweet good job Katie is
church good job sharing
now those poster if I sit here and
pretend it's almost like it's summer hi
it's survivor day which means we must
celebrate we must have walkable man what
come on in and I told them there's
something else I wanted to get going I
went to the store and one key ingredient
was missing oh I know it is limes I know
I know I know I just I knew it yes I was
just sick dirty dr. peppers
doctor said the baby what were you
missing the coconut sir yes so that it
leaves ok out of that but we still have
some whoa whoa whoa don't we have
coconut syrup still hair tickles us both
yep saying right dad dad like every 10
minutes we're dead da bears dad dad know
what where's dad dad hey I got you some
berries injury because when you want to
eat them survive a night dive and that
we got steak chips and guacamole
guacamole we got raspberries it's gonna
be a good time tutor what's walk away
from Pokemon there you go will not
petite welcome to survivor night we are
throwing it back to about two years ago
when we were making dirty dr. peppers
which is what we're going to do tonight
to celebrate a dirty dr. pepper and
dirty Dr Pepper consists of dr. pepper I
glass you put ice you put lime in it
let's freeze lime juice and then you're
also supposed to use coconut syrup but I
went to three stores and no it was
getting kind of tired of things so I
ended up getting vanilla
get coconut it was sold out so we are
going to make them and then enjoy them
and have a fun time watching survivor 28
24 it was asleep it's already been on
charts at seven wonderful dejar two-hour
episode I think it's just a one hour so
you are my fee is the first 1i scars are
you just receive you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I want
to sound of this
these
