it's terrifying oh you like nigel
thornbury on my face oh that's great
never know what I just scheduled good
what yeah I did it
you
well that was a lot like cheese no
feisty man partially it's my fault cuz I
thought it was monday it's Tuesday I
took him I was like oh that's good at
all her time took him all of the fun
park and realized it's Tuesday there is
no timer time then he came back and
helped out yeah potty training I've been
kind of joking about potty training but
some kind of a sec I never happening
hahaha ok he's pretty good and he's
especially good when he knows she has
like we're one Rebecca home like oh my
god I gotta go poop seriously um last
night when he was in the bathtub I was
filling up the bathtub and I was like
lemme go poop because we had been in the
car all day and he didn't go and he said
no and so I put him in the tub and then
at the end of his bath he was like oh
cuz I think he liked to do there are
some things oh poop and so he stood up
as I go k let's get on the toilet I dry
him off real fast and he went poop with
a party oh and I'm just kind of shocked
this is what we get excited about a
these days people this is my tall bat
poop I ride the party he gets it from
his mother because you know I was potty
trained I was patron 18 months pooping
in the potty from his mother his hurt
his yearning for potty the potty may
leave your toys here we're getting a
different thing Danny so you guys can
stay card and then you know get retreat
right now do you know where your truth
is what do you think it is either toy
section you know the uterine give you
the one yeah it's usually go kinda show
you used to close your eyes anything he
wants to see if you like this this
present hey do you see some dinos yeah
those are kind of cool huh I want a
wagon for the summer probably next
summer when he and feature both big
enough yeah wait for daddy to come back
okay cuz your eyes is your eyes closed
up oh no he's so confused
look at that what is that no can't you
put the cars in and then you flips
whoops I don't you the card room I'm
build it I build it are you ready best I
know you're gonna love this this is
amazing are you ready let me show you
let me show you okay like this ready
which car do you want to put good that
car good wait wait wait look down right
there loud oh oh give me a popper in the
camera can you say thank you yeah that's
me just yet let me try that gun hey good
job dude keep going you're doing so
great it's so nice outside that were out
for a walk with her tati and no outside
and they said they're going for a walk
like what that's cold but it's really so
nice out right now it's like almost 50
degrees good job keep going
that's not much don't be careful be
careful oh this is great now I don't
have to hold him wow those are great
snowball throws I've got to give you
that she's like mom push me that
snot-nosed when we got him in that's
what aim is getting for her birthday a
pink wine being tattoo you're just gonna
stand here soak up some vitamin D
because it just feels so warm like the
Sun I feel warmth from the Sun Sun
you're so warm if I oh my gosh this
feeling just fills me with joy I'm just
feeling joy with this there's imagine
we're at the pour right right this
meadow at school wait how many months
left how can result in April May oh my
gosh no we just had the best day ever
and actually shot a snowball into sams
window oh my gosh that was hilarious
hahaha look at all of those would still
go in the window he's got some good name
hey I'm tail hey I'm tail this is what
we call a crisis teo colored on his
Jordans and i'm gonna see if i can clean
it off because you know we all make
mistakes that's uh that one's kind of
rough if not clean cheese in a while
please work still there my last hope for
just right now is this Clorox bleach pen
I'm just let that sit for a while before
you something guys you're not gonna
believe it it worked it worked it got
the pink oh just a little bit in the toe
I love you can see if there's a little
bit of Joe knows getting a little antsy
because it's time for dinner we got a
coach Jenna my god I cook dinner they
worked I really am i feeding my shoes
where's your mom why she tell you what
happened no I take two
where's the other shoe I need the other
shoe hey uh potato goatee it's gone now
the potato go to use god no no no no I
uh huh we let you eat by yourself that
doesn't mean you can play okay you out
eat it there you go good job Oh God and
yeah I work out look at the sprint
sanity I was 20 minutes of booze let's
go come on at least 20 minutes every day
well that's good he definitely gets
about five hours just Sam was running
his name is so sore from whataburger
jump program and so he's been stretching
before ball night cuz all night tonight
and then you started running back and
forth and I was like I wanna do that
whoa so he's a now running with daddy
knows who jumps ready also what's the
fact that you learned about you today uh
the air pollution is so bad like it's
not really foggy its inversion you know
uh-huh and it's at one to two thousand
people die prematurely because of the
pollution every single year it's kind of
specially younger kids people are sick
and elderly so gotta be careful like
even when it's like cleared up they say
it takes a while to really leave there's
way to check the levels of pollution
yeah we need for doing that the perfect
comparison of this have like how much
people really don't even pay attention
to it is if someone said 1,000 2,000
people in Utah died from Ebola every
year people would be like
Oh version since it's an air pollution
and like oh how do you step on your
track that's no fun yeah there's like
looks like we're all my face mask well I
people aren't they're not like wills
Betty Lou died from air pollution right
no but I just like cut off your life you
know crazy okay no that's from the
chicken smoked it makes me think they'll
feel like whenever like randomly did a
day when we're at fire grows a family
came in with like the little facemask on
the surgical face last night and
whenever I see people with those on I'm
like oh are they sick like I'd like to
think they're sick but now like maybe
their time on because they are so bad
like we should all have those face masks
on I found a much better alternative to
those terrible terrible markers brands
they had water crayons which is awesome
and they work so much better look the
trans work and then rub it right off it
is and they have a point look I got that
the marketers need to get people more is
a real marker point
too much better very nice Noah sounds
like over it is gonna teach him to color
on the wall and go these are two
hopefully uh hopefully know that either
just mis oh here we go cool go here we
go here we go here we go home here we go
this home Oh sister that's I'm talking
about all day he knows it I you got
anything to say to dig on fellers
savages all this is it that's it oh oh
look at that 40 inch bird oh the 40 inch
burke coming out there it is Oh for you
introverted going in all your pants
small group and pan sizzling for it
run it go away
never know what I just scheduled good
what yeah I did it I scheduled an
eyelash extension appointment my eyes
aren't for these little itty-bitty
eyelashes as you guys can tell I'm not
much of a makeup every day this past
weekend I would have wore makeup I
literally forgot all of my makeup at
home I was like what the heck it was
like a major parenting moment said my
brushes but none of my makeup so just
used what was left of my brushes was
just kind of girls but whatever so that
nobody scared I know anything and I was
like everything about eyelash extensions
for like over a year probably over a
year maybe even longer when I started
getting like popular and stuff and I've
been like dying to try them bad for you
know mixed reviews and I can never find
a good place where I live so I want like
I want someone who knows what they're
doing because they're my eyelashes and
they're not you know they're very frail
eyes is I feel like they're not like the
most amazing long eyelashes my sister
got the most amazing long eyelashes her
eyelashes that you guys see those are
real anyway so my mom me and her have
more similar hers are blonde but we're
more similar in length she recently got
eyelash extensions and she loves them
and I know a couple other people who
love them that I wouldn't try to find a
place and then finally came across a
place here in logan like an actual lash
studio it's in like because most of
tenders just like a person at like a
salon or something you can do them I was
like okay I want to like see if these
people have Instagram I found that
Instagram and I found their students
Instagram and all this stuff and like
the actual people like the artist the
lash artist not this I mean they're
actually lash artist i get like
certified for this and i love their work
and i did really like all
everything looks really good and they
were showing like pictures that I wanted
to see in things like that anyway I
don't want to make them all the time and
so it would be nice to just still look
good so that's what I was the point I
was going to before is that I'm not an
everyday makeup we're so it'd be nice to
have you know some lashes when I almost
days I don't wear makeup and it'll be so
much easier for me to wanted to make it
because mascaras the thing that makes me
not want to do makeup obviously I hate
mascara hate taking it off I hate
putting it on because it takes forever
and I hate buying new tubes of excited
like it runs out like all like so fast
we'll see if I like them if you guys
have them do you like them or if you
have had them what's like been your
experience with them because I I'm just
curious and I've been I'm on to a new
obsession about watching videos about
eyelash extensions so actually I go
through that every couple months I'm
like should i do it I don't know should
I do it I don't know so I did it I've
booked an appointment the last studio
and logan utah i'm really excited
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood yes
it's supposed to be in the high 40's the
rest of the week I'm sad it's like crazy
how a 40 degrees sounds amazing these
days but more planning outside and
hopefully the snow melts and goes away
and we have summer yeah
