quick rest stop 10 stretching our legs
gotta stretch your legs and you're
pregnant you can't just be sitting
forever knows guys just likes to so he's
trying to grab like a happy is the guy
he is look at Jen's making him run is
she not the best mom or what guys the
keys think I've ever seen my life look
at him if I can't that just like that
that's a great weekend
really sad to be leaving actually a
great time no I had a great time oh my
goodness
I'm so good to him Oh like he wasn't
always nice different us but ever us so
good right sit him down and be like yo
see them often at all so
but will seem this yeah summer summers
like a giant family reunion yes Daddy
goes cousin sample dad's full size of
family more cousins will be there it's
my family and I get the toilet was like
some of the tools that we finally place
we're gonna be at as Amelia I can same
take when it's fitting us all crazy yes
well
hey Jim fun weekend document you did
have a fun weekend yeah yeah what was
your favorite thing you did this weekend
playing playing with everyone oh okay
okay swallow your food dude yeah we'll
check in later hopefully we survive just
the two hours to get to lunch
keep it up those are at all another spin
a real grown and I just wanna keep it up
that's being a real grown that's wanna
just know we hear now it sounds the tear
made through the white piece the white
news that Wendy already called it
two hours in great and now we are
treating ourselves to Chipotle for free
because we use those coupons what so we
made a pit-stop it's like 62 degrees
outside it feels so good
no has been super good oh it's Peppa Pig
we're gonna get some books and some
activities for home I actually just
found the super sweet thing that'd be
cool Noah's car set will your car be
crushed
he doesn't love that kind of stuff
someday I mean you would right now
actually kind of love stuff like this
though I won't get it but the nerd in me
likes it these are amazing I would
definitely get squirtle but they're 15
that's like so fun to make this is what
I think we should do each of us is able
to get one book I'll get to pick a pick
a book or item I get to pick one and
we'll pick one for a PJ because you want
that little to me no actually I think
the Harry Potter coloring book could be
sweet
but this doesn't count no no that
doesn't catch that's not a book whoa
what's that
he really wants the Star Wars book he
keeps holding it like walking with it
like under his arm
let me good friend the car yeah we loud
and annoying but that's okay okay Sam
has been looking for more on the sand
yeah I've only gotten one of these even
you were looking for them what music
yeah
so we each get to pick out one item
right it's like run vacation right right
I forgot this it's a little here's of
the storm the computer game he likes
little action figures well if you get
the same one I already have
okay guys you need meeny miney mo so
Noah picked this out Illustrated amazing
where's the coloring books too bad we
need to like finish our for calling
that's great yeah I'd rather get the
illustration but Illustrated bucket
first I agree this is the illustrated
book and it's so cool it's the whole
story but illustrations and they redid
some of the covers this means nothing to
most people there might be like 10
people you've been really excited to get
another one yeah I mean I feel different
than the big guy oh it's in the backpack
so that is that's fun such a mystery
don't see what it is oh I thought it
might actually be this guy are you God
you can do it we play that guy I know
that guy
no it's the witch doctor he looks cool
oh yes sit here the whole trip home
you get like tell what they're gonna be
just based on weed he has this big guy
this one now and the witch doctor now
one of the highlights of the week
let's drink some else on it
for second well if I was my week was
that my cousin got a Tesla can we drove
in it
he owns one and it is like my dream mark
it has been my dream car for a couple
years sitting in it driving it in it I
didn't drive it when I sat in it having
it driving it was like woo is awesome
one of the features on our car that's
actually pretty cool though which isn't
nearly as cool as or capable of what the
Tesla's doing is the Tesla could park in
his garage by himself with no driver in
it but this has like sensors on it so I
could like you know you don't really
drive like this but it's just good like
for keeping you safe okay
the cruise control were automatically
speed up or slow down based on the speed
that I have entered and if there's a car
in front me there's like sensors so
it'll pick it up look and says there's a
current we in front of me right now
there's also these sensors so keep the
car within the lanes I could just go
like this I know you guys are freaking
out you're like what the crap my car
could actually drive by itself
kind of Gracie I just see you just slow
down 10 miles per hour deserves a
probably kind of friendly that's great
the future people the future is nuts
yeah you won't even need people driving
in these 18-wheelers which is kind of
that's a job but like I don't even have
to like what's nice you can rest your
hands for a minute look it just like
corrected right now no Emily I get kind
of nervous because I like don't want to
trust it
I'll show your new Star Wars but that's
a good one quick rest stop again
stretching our legs gotta stretch your
legs and you're pregnant you can't just
be sitting forever
Noah's guys just x2 so he's trying to
grab like a happy is okay he is he's
been really good though in the car we've
been in the car for about four hours and
he's been pretty happy I mean here and
there look at Jan making him run is
you're not the best mom or what guys if
I were 30 plus weeks pregnant I would
just be like yo get me a drink some
candy some crackers I'm gonna sit here
and just chill and now they're running a
little wind sprints so you can get all
this energy up do you think I oversee my
life look at him forget that they're the
best yep stay in the grass Noah
is the weather what I mean I never
anything to play it all my promising
Monday hey I never know I gotta say I
saw I shot keep it up no do it well as I
know
and this is a once-in-a-lifetime thing
happening he's cuddling his blanket
he's in such a good boy I think it's
because we like talk to him like a big
boy
thanks plane things like hey we're gonna
get on the car oh yeah go stretch your
legs but we have to get back in and then
we kind of had a little bribery we've
given a bike to juice boxes I ain't
hiding oh wait no ago oh there he is
silly goose yeah we got a little bribery
but you know road trips I think you like
higher than one of the most necessary
times have bribery so a little bit alike
he's had two juices but really driving
the car win
everyone's happy when everyone's happy
exactly when we did road trips as kids I
mean there'd always be that moment where
maybe my dad had the same on the brakes
because the kids are fighting in the
back like eight my mom would always make
us little bags that we couldn't look at
until we were in the car oh oh he's
hiding again where to go would you say
gosh no nice things Jay keep saying
things like so we were watching the
Vagos I can use your supply just put it
up and it's usually watches I usually
don't watch it after I upload it but
she's like oh look at me right there
sometimes
sorry not on the blog's you should just
like sometimes some days you're just
like oh oh my girl you're pregnant
you're supposed to have a belly there's
a baby inside of you there is a person
who is just they're not flattering angle
and that's okay she's beautiful but
isn't there something about that she's
beautiful and she just doesn't know
anywho it's time for bed it's about
midnight we need you into bed and
hopefully know uh a little white tee
this hopefully no it doesn't wake up
belly so hard middle of the night time
yeah he's a waking up so early lately I
feel like my belly with this one oh
she's moving it's more like a bullet
instead of like no I felt like I was
more around us no I don't really know
different with us I don't know what if
she's right here look at this I see oh
yeah it's definitely that's my baby
right there
that's so weird Oh
can't wait to meet you I was thinking
about that on the drive home and you're
asleep I just like had some like good
music on explosions in the sky Friday
Night Lights kind of me kind of needs
I just like wanted to cry it's just one
okay now just thinking about it I was
just like wow I love you already
that's crazy it's like it's crazy thing
about because I feel like the night or
day or whatever I kind of labor its me
like whoa I'm gonna like I'm a laborer
again and I don't think back to this
moment like a B for a while and that's
happening again then before you know it
you have 10 kids no also if you watch
the dunk contest
I thought Aaron Gordon should have won I
never said that in the vlog and Grammys
tonight you like it we filmed it I feel
a lot of the performances I did not care
for one Durst not my come on not my
goatee and the end performance was like
what I really was hilarious though that
the writer and creator of Hamilton stars
as I was gonna say I feel like that's
something Andrea would do
oh it told us something Andrew do and
then he was like well Sam stars in his
vlogs creates his boss he's the star I'm
like completely different yeah you know
great you know where the stars clip we
saw it was great it's just funny yeah
that's fun also we're really excited
about Amazing Race as a bunch of social
media creators on it which it was pretty
good episode I was thinking to me good
season survivor starts on Wednesday
here's oh this might be tomorrow for you
probably if you're watching this guys
let's watch Survivor together we should
come up with something that we can do
together and watch it and like predict
or like a competition dad started and
I'm just raising they're watching I was
like it seems like every episode is the
same I haven't even seen oh yeah sure I
have five seasons someone shows up with
like a giant machine gun it's like oh my
gosh I know I feel like there's just
like running out of you know the comic
book series and
it's like how's it gonna end I'm ready
for it to end even though I'm not
watching it what else is that Oh better
call Saul came back tonight which I
haven't watched yet anyways we need to
go to bed anyways so good night good
night good I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good you better believe it I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I saw Wolf's out my
window
