I'm ready honey trips around the Sun I'm
riding passenger how am I supposed to
satisfy my soul when you satellites they
know my other parts of Aunt Edie's mind
is clouded old man still snowing is
casted Johnson are they fake it I ain't
even knowing
like some planes I tried to blend in
with the Stars so gotta get so high did
I dropped off my precious cargo jet
stream of memories and lemon scent I
borrowed happy Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day who's your melon me do
you like your robot didn't they need
that all right another stuff done in a
30 seconds there you go are you just
waiting for your valentine gift hey are
you ready what is that if it Marshall oh
my goodness he got his racecars early
there's just a few companies in there no
what do you say can you say thank you
too mom thank you you can have one ever
had any candy today oh sure Jahi oh he's
just sitting there and a hug key are you
nice to Marshall oh that's nice look
I love Valentine's Day fun breakfast oh
oh oh there's our thanks thanks I can
you know get Tom glad that I like these
way better than like the chalky hearts
yeah some people of those do you love
the truck yards i know a lot of people
after i happen to the shower here's your
card let me go get wait there's enough
yeah hold on don't open it yet oh I like
this in a few more quite job do your
Valentine nature we have a Valentine
give me a kiss okay here's my gosh this
look it well heart it's basic one of our
gifts I figured that we could get like
the washer and dryer right we have a
gift then here's my other one okay so
instead of getting Valentine's candy
they're actually had Easter candy
already and I was like seriously yeah
that's your favorite I know this is my
favorite how'd you find these three
Memphis oh yeah okay when I was really
funny me and noah saw us at walmart and
i almost bought it but i didn't know if
it was the blu-ray one or not oh I
didn't even think about that I know well
doesn't matter I almost literally bought
this 19 I was like oh I should wait one
more day I took a picture with it was no
one did you I'm so excited on x day
my friend cool good job dude we did good
kami high five that's pretty good
Valentine's Day gift it is a winter
wonderland out here Cal pregnant that's
not have ever touched no it's got super
tempted to throw it at the copter I he's
gonna find it around no not mommy good
daddy yeah no good dad get dad your dad
your dad get dad good dad get daddy
hahahaha Cara the tunnel network is
complete and it's going through its
final stage of testing I don't know
about that yeah I don't know about that
I don't know about that I you doing nah
you're skinnier than me you're skinnier
than me Sam's cousins are making a giant
snowman it's part of the job work out oh
my gosh well that's gonna be that's the
new oh that's a new head the body or the
head you don't know so these are Sam's
cousin Eric innate or brothers all right
oh hey that's fun I got it and then
Derek on the other side don't look back
God go probably back and enjoy your
drink well these guys do all the work
you're creating the snow we're gonna go
soon oh lucky duck oh oh I missed it
wait I want to put some thought and snow
for me yeah yeah some fresh powder put
it for me polluted whatever I'll drink
it tell me that you need that babe so
then you're gonna be placed with the
junkman is your place it's like a
snowcat a real snow cone but it's busy
little might not the same size working
through okay that's good mmm do you want
to snow cone
san pellegrino snow cone Sam was
completely stuck in the snow you jumped
you jump does this dumbest thing to do
yeah I'm really like waist-deep yeah
that's like jumping in true and your
whole shoe fell off I don't know if I'll
bill to get this new death oh you might
need the guys to get you what Anderson
oh yeah you might have no butcher me
come on Ike a snowball for you yeah Sam
can make a snowball for you or is he oh
they're using the car for it oh I think
it needs one more layer one more balls
no kidding is when the jump program
comes into you oh my goodness you guys
created your own ice sculpture off
inside for a minute yeah god I'm gonna
pick somebody lighter to be on your
shoulder dare
haha
we will help you with
oh and the head is no more than one of
those things take this piece often today
is a day i will regret forever because i
know what lies ahead of me yes we're
starting off the jump program i will
dunk a basketball by the end of the jump
program if you think it you can do it
how long's our program 12 weeks weeks we
have 12 weeks to basically kill our legs
and led to jump let's have let's have
each one you jump one more time just to
make sure we've got a good jump are ya
the secret is to not do well first I'm
Sam you hate get that confuses Scott
yeah send out there who can you quite do
digit jump rope
oh my gosh wait is it over you know just
join in oh do a job for me anymore no
you need jump jump again there you go
jump jump jump it may not work in me you
marked it brew yeah it's got a week huh
you're sweating jump rope girls don't
fergit makes you sweat you know sweating
on the trip no can then jump up and I
saw someone jump jump in touch the wall
jump good there you go jump on touch the
wall jump jump attach the jumper touch
oh hey
2-inch Burke you all right no a dance
party let's see it oh you can't see
anything can you stop off a special
signature move we will soon find out
here it comes oh no the hats coming over
here oh no the heads up and this is what
happens after your about 2 to 3 juice
boxes deep over the past 48 hours there
it is and that's still on that's a
perfect 10
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood how do
I stop wait Anderson what did you see
out your window she come here wow what
you see I saw washed out my window why
were you looking out the window because
I saw Wolf's out there what are you
sleepy did you hear this yeah tell me
something what were they doing out there
is that what you want your little bit
why I'm wearing red shorts and I did go
