it's definitely like having another
child
noah always knows it's me but he always
gets like surprise so I'm scared for
this is it so funny yes ready oh my
goodness what the heck is that a shark
following a truck underwater what horses
yeah my godness this is the best day
ever look at this aunt Margo Jamie look
at the giant cupcake this film her the
picture this is it we're exploring
downtown we found a giant cup with a
sherry on cherry
oh I can sit in here because they're
nice Wow nothing you could come up with
this is so here's how a yarn store
kristi myst Clippers feels oh look at
the yarn bombed the little doorway thing
even the computer screen I may have um
felt really ambitious what would you do
bought fabric to make bj a quilt oh that
really gonna happen yes I know show me
that fabric you know
oh you're gonna sew it with a sewing
machine that's how you so cold I think
or I go over to Matty doesn't hire her
mom to teach me oh this will be
interesting anyway where have you been
you even no one knows I found some clips
oh and your phone yeah with our company
and we went a little shop I just
couldn't leave do you see this kid right
now he's yeah someone's just mad at the
world I'm just gonna slap my leg you
just slapping your legs so upset
yesterday when he was upsetting what's
up crying I just started crying you
really just like laughing it just me
wants to be with all the other kids so
he's not with him he's like I know make
you laugh check it my mask back on you
hold this mummy hold this oh I told you
taking this camera I just totally forgot
I used to love it ok guys the snow here
John talked about it yesterday but it is
seriously so high i haven't had snow
like this in forever so it's been really
fun to play with noah this morning we
were actually out there sledding again
digging a tunnel / cave I let Jen sleep
in so it's just me and him out there and
he's like hands-on mr. confidence wants
to jump off of everything dangerous so I
did get to feel much of it how about the
guy really filmed any of it only because
I have to make sure that no is safe
alright we're going back out in the snow
however
overall Zito fluffy put gloves on he's
like all of them ready mom I'm ready
this is something that I can't really
take credit for I think this is mainly
my cousins Nate and Dirac it built this
little snow igloo the snow goes up at
least a story high that's the second
story with the house right there and
then as you can see it's kind of like
freaks me out it I'd be afraid it'd fall
but it's pretty deep you can fit a
couple people in here no that's not
yellow snow that's the grass the snow is
birthing name is even though it's
actually pretty cool view right out
there's a bunch of deer that constantly
passed by over there to what you guys
saw when we got here and then as you saw
the other day there's still these little
forts that are being dug out that one is
actually quite big telling me like a
tunnel network right here James is
working on his RC car he's trying to get
it to get up the mountain the second
group the group just got back from
skiing no it's so happy everyone's home
are you so happy no watch out ready here
comes dad okay go babe
oh gosh you guys there's nice little
wall the serious drop right there do not
try this at home I'm like cheese scare
these kids are braver than I am oh my
we're at Valentine's dinner with all our
cousins yes for face slapping left all
the kids with the older
I have to include the pilgrim this way
of Noah and I face walking it's gross
what happens aquat banana this is way
better than what we have in logan touch
ink screen sonico Valentine's date
family great straight nose in bed no
you sooner try it
he was really good parents we don't know
it can be like
what did you do it so i'll talk about
decoration latest building kittens more
cocky true that one I just want see
someone drive to you oh yeah why do you
know straight what do you guys wanna cry
Oh Sam saw a future to know oh how do
you know if you like this Eastern
benefit because I I took a piece of the
future I'm eating it might taste so good
I did not benefit how could you failed I
want to see the future already someone
draw Nate fighter the crab of holt
crabapples attack Eric returns well you
know when one of them is does he have to
draw gonna wait or not oh yeah yeah same
guitar into my attack so I think it
actually goes back to me yeah I nope ok
so you don't for that yeah you don't pop
never like this before I open ice Kipnis
make it goes relaxing it's kind of a
muffin game the future so the rides out
of each other hey how'd you see that I
couldn't receive a free toaster unicorn
legend open ok so the attack works now
Kate really yeah nope today just to stop
the action another player oh don't buy
no no no no no yes grace again use oh ok
honestly what happened to you and you
know what they are doesn't this car this
he does know what that one should pick
it up pick it up pick it up pick it so
he's dead I unless he's gotta defuse it
well I will just have to defuse it all
right I still have one to have the drug
more you don't know what that is and
this doesn't go my camera this can't be
a yeah you're right are you know same
sounds very stressful it's very
stressful haha i gotta cover so i have
to draw again yeah i'm gonna die soon
well there can't be two of those bro yes
there can they were kidding me no
boyfriend hey Sam I'm ready for the
action you're up you know that ship I'm
feeling good I was going for I think
there's a ok can actually now see the
future again hey Clark Oh have so many
of us nah I'm really just watches me die
pretty much he's got nothing some
reflections eyeballs Hollis going today
great oh yeah oh also have you guys
that's good good yeah it was a little
too round there
anyone call really bad he's all through
my skis come on seriously needs a breast
there you guys me sore tomorrow problem
is my shins were really fun my questions
are hurting my steez flew off oh it was
still fun good even though it hurt here
we're just going good stuff you're
welcome that means you're screwed wow
it's a terrible me out too okay yeah we
got it those are really scary it's like
Angry Birds what that's awesome yeah
okay hmm Jesse no I don't good I'm good
cut oh oh yeah I don't know what they
know I'm nothing good well I don't know
what that any of that means fail howdy
how how how look look at you then you
got a big pouty look I'm really sorry
but I why I'm sure he's bluffing yeah mo
haha figure out mouse can you know but
exploding kitten no I thought you could
get only knowing other players actually
dead Jane is all right round one bites
the dust yeah yeah isn't doing
haha that's game wear a bunny bunny IAQ
I should pick this know that yeah oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah no it goes back in
the deck the deck yes sir your turn
we're on a date tonight we did it was
really fun it was we also played
exploding kittens kittens kicked image
which is really fun I like I like
playing games so if I playing games with
family in front and tomorrow we have a
Valentine's Day party extravaganza which
will be really fun got some crafts and
doughnuts have a present for you I'm
present for you really
see it do you you should cuz I did happy
Valentine's Day peace and you can read
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy
imma be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood he has
ever done face one before that's weird
hey that's all right did I gotta come
