haha we're going down yeah that's scary
good job buddy yeah now you guys
celebrate you follow through
hey get over here thank you it's gone
upstairs I don't know if Sam showed this
yet but he's nose again up the anti's
for his abilities to jump he's jumping
this big to stare that is probably twice
the size of the suitcase and he's like
doing it no problem oh my goodness yeah
Oh used once dare good job yeah once
dare more than half her group went
skiing and snowboarding today but i
Coupe de can't do that and Sam he would
go skiing he also doesn't want to like
hurt himself before our child comes and
before CX now that gem for move really
so we just didn't take chances and he
stayed behind it would be the first time
yeah yes a mean is he huh he's looking
at they have a good picture frame that
flashes anyway there's there's like two
different sides to where we're staying
um he's trying to put his boots on right
now cuz he wants to go outside so badly
yeah we're waiting for dad dad's gonna
take you outside we had put your snow
pants on first got a bunch of Daredevils
over here no it's like I'm next that
Hill is super tall it's very steep do
and they're just sliding right down it
you ready you want to go sledding down
this one we're going down yeah that's
scary good job buddy yeah now you guys
celebrate you follow through
top 10 you guys slide down that yeah oh
go head first this time oh my haha no no
I let sit in her bum thanks man like
what we didn't I can't go headfirst
fibrils this is what it's all about is
the carpooling her no no no I know what
I already broke ass Lloyd did you really
maybe uh oh a saucer or sludge do you
fast down that well you broke a sled one
of those like I was going yeah I uh
should I hit a bone I come down and go
oh gosh I mean it rip your pants that's
it yeah yeah you should take your coat
off or your sweatshirt whoa slide roll
whoa okay oh my gosh he's just like
putting his face first into the snow to
take his jacket off for a second and he
was like ah you know what I I don't want
all you seriously went into the snout
look at he's still laying there he goes
oh my gosh damn know what are you doing
hey
hello ha ha half the kids were done
inside go inside already so much lunch
time huh ok here you go love bunny
snot-nosed oh boy first snow cave what's
gonna be so fort I've never built an
actual snow fort before in my life
really yeah I grew up in Southern
California you got a contributor all
well I don't know if I can fit through
that hole offering with my gut hey where
are you going where are you going we
made it to mccall idaho we had breakfast
no woke up early didn't go to bed till
late gosh now a party in the snow hey
come back room so forth there's so much
snow so much snow huh we got in public
like 330 think my bed till like I don't
know five no not good buddy thought he's
like oh its morning time let's party no
that's poops that's uh yeah that's moose
poo I think deer poo that's not
chocolate do not eat the deer poo hey we
found a much better form of
transportation you like that that one
snow forts going on over here sliding
over here all right who wants to lose
these are my little brothers right here
right we got Stanley they call him Eddie
we've had a pity relax Amy we're gonna
play some chess right now Elliot thinks
he can beat me in chess you really lose
our guests around that looks like it
that looks like a tick so this is the
special Mario chess set the Elliot s
tell me which each piece does my gosh
really that was pretty nice i like the
chest music ok tell me which is which
pieces Bishop Knight rook cons cool
horns rook night Bishop King Queen
Bishop Knight rook let's play here we go
big big jump here we go oh no how you're
doing the big jump oh that's pretty big
he doesn't hold ya can you not easy cool
zip poopy we jump victim here goes oh
we're calling it a draw although I I
pretty much one it's ok check out these
pictures that they're working on
coloring got star wars and a bird I've
heard though that there is
a really cool car or maybe drone I'm not
sure outside generally wants me to see
it something go look at it right now
driving do boxing cool snow cars all
right foot is on the same shot in this
one so this this car is equipped with
the camera did you install yourself yeah
and then you can but goggles on so
basically shows that we are family yes
felt like I do that I would do they all
like gadgets on the side of him well I'm
gonna drawn up their knickers got things
everywhere another car over there good
sorry no tires on yeah I mean whoa here
comes someone saying there's 15 kids
here today yeah oh yeah I was loving it
learning new tricks Patrick's need good
trick it's been fun he loves all the
kids whoa check this out today they
built this cave dude are you driving it
through there let me see oh my gosh all
right we got two little cars they made a
little parking garage in here let's see
it
I feel good like summer a movie with
this deer own stunts we're going on a
walk in the dark oh gosh no cheeks
Elliot almost just got run over by a
deer you know what you do when it's cold
outside inside here comes to money he'll
come outside see it ice cream get
milkshakes right oh yeah you kind of
milkshake did you get big boom mint I
got chocolate banana I checked this
let's see Noah what are you eating bowls
like hot chocolate yeah are you with
your friend is e G ha no no I'm just
hanging out try it and we pick up I do
with that easy pick them up that's kids
are like the cutest thing ever we've
been introducing them to hot chocolate
sometimes a little too hot and they're
like shimmying you're shaking oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah yeah yeahs know where she
whipped now
hello my family members made me lift
weights what I haven't found out where
I'm at where are you sleeping yet I
don't know why this is my mom without me
hi this is my cousin London hi I do not
know where all the other people went
wrong kind of a mumble jumble of clips
today we had a really relaxing day after
is being super tired from traveling I
found this random bank to upload videos
at and that's where i am right now so
I'm ending this flage and export it
upload it for you to watch right now see
you guys tomorrow no essay by Russia paw
patrol you wanted to come with me
alright peace I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood the front NZ Jordan
stress stork see oh my fingers on the
mic yeah yeah you guys all in one foot
awkward mercy
