runner when a road trip 2016
okay yeah the close your eyes let's see
your daddy got you
my mom turn on a light real quick okay
so in the couch ready he got you your
hat he got you your own hat ah
well put it on no look he got you a hat
well he was excited for a second
well there's no reaction was great
because there's like no tip to the
marker it's completely flat which is
kind of ridiculous because few colors
like on the side so he's like coloring
like this because isn't no that has to
use like bitch of a bit and he's
spooning the water but I'm pretty sure
that's okay because for the bath you
know all it took was Sam putting on a
hat for know to put on his hat took him
that long though oh he's being a little
feisty today
his way or the highway I know yeah his
new shirt that's a little too big but
you guys that shirts a 3t and it fits
him really well seems like huge last
night like no the big kid
yeah he likes the colorful one I think
it's all too small for your head though
but that's all we got you new one cuz it
fits you better because you're a big boy
that's a big boy hat yeah a big boy
maybe that's what stands for big boy
good
oh yeah he had to put your bowls hat on
yesterday - Noah is dying to leave this
house he came downstairs all dressed and
ready to go he like was like oh well
that means I'm going somewhere so he
went and grabbed it she's like oh we're
not going anywhere right now buddy
but he's insisting on going somewhere so
say I'm gonna take him to the store real
quick just to get him out because he's
dying to get out yeah dad's gonna go get
your pants and I mean go get some pants
on then you're gonna go with him okay
my mom's gonna take a shower
oh don't come over baby
hi child what is going on with this kid
know me ready robot cc's Mindy's here
and Stacey and Rachel and Shia hi go get
him Sam go get him no don't go tickle em
Sam no chespin he's not mid bump anyway
we're just having all Valentine's party
I'm fooling the camera okay month yeah
baby who's in there with baby brother's
name yeah yeah hey hey what's your baby
brother's name Tyler goodness Oh Rachel
is taking these two for a ride why are
you going so fast
by Rachel is the best no I do on this
way do it towards mom do one more you
did allege it for and role that's never
happen
these guys are doing tricks no I
they're like bodies
yeah do it
whoa whoa she's trying to get as many
errands done before we leave we're kind
of taken off when Noah's about to go to
bed so they'll sleep through the car
ride it's gonna be like a six maybe
seven hour car ride and the other day I
got a flat tire Jen actually saw it and
forgot to tell me about it and I didn't
even realize until I got to another
location so I went I apparently drove on
the spot tire I think it got
progressively worse by the time I got
there because I couldn't feel anything
when I was driving it but I went out I
was like holy cow that tire is super
flat I had to leave the car there
because I just didn't have the time to
get triple-a or to change it or whatever
and now I'm like oh man I can't keep my
car there longer or else it could get
towed and I still don't have time right
now to get it fixed so I parked it into
a place that it won't like take away
from anyone's customers or anything I
probably shouldn't have gotten in the
car and driven it at all it was just a
couple feet away but I but I did notice
that there was this on my front - and I
was like oh is that a toe thing no it's
a ad for insanity the insane EBM
experience saturday february 27th but on
the back it said I noticed your tire on
the passenger side is flat and then it
said hope you and it was scribbled out I
already knew that I had a flat tire but
for some reason just notes like these
give me more faith in humanity I'm like
ah someone took time out of their day to
even just write that even though it
probably took about 30 seconds whoa all
right
it's 8:40 almost and here everybody
we're on our way
2016 yeah it's an hour pass this guy's
bedtime and the plan is for him to go to
bed pretend to go to bed for me to drag
him I got my podcasts books I got my
music I'm ready to go a lot of splitters
and those spirits range especially holy
cow Road yeah so the Internet's Nation
about scary sex hours that runs amok fun
and I have quite a ways away I don't
maybe half I don't know so I think I
could have mentioned it yesterday we're
gonna go hang out with a bunch of my
cousins they have a bunch of kids all my
cousins are older than me but simply
family assist our youngest esence
one of my cousins Steven come out
yeah you might be there now with this
family yeah and we're just me hanging
out having good times we got a fun
Valentine's Day party planned or my
cousin's planning one I think the adults
are gonna go on a little date we are and
there's gosh well it's gonna be a great
Drive guys see us here when we get there
I know it's pretty foggy out not fun to
drive it rough maybe we'll record maybe
I'll record it run asleep I'm alert I'm
awake and feel good what's up guys
pepper jack people are real friendly
keep going we're about good blue hours
out we'll be there by morning entry
today's warning I don't know that we're
chipping a while it's fun I know you
have it man fun we haven't done this
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you bad understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood yeah can I dear
