I would go this I would go this over
both of those to be honest because I
think that looks like a denim family
say good morning sweet world it's like
7:30 a.m. about an hour before know I
usually wakes up and the first thing you
want to do was play bowling let's see it
trick shot bullying alright ready
you're so excited for this let's see it
okay go
you missed oh it's the first time I've
seen my face today I'm not sure I wanted
this today damn ready trick shot bowling
he thinks he's on dude perfect er now he
loves us okay let's see it go good job
dude yeah this is something new mom got
it for you to play with today because
she know she knows you're gonna be
inside a lot again so what these are
their race cars we set up the track then
the cars are gonna race each other okay
put this car there I'll show you how to
do it first okay and then you can do it
next time okay we just set up your pins
and have them go into the pins ready I'm
gonna hit the button are you gonna hit
it ready 3 2 1 go
we shot to the right today I'm not sure
of Sam vlog this morning with Noah yeah
I got I slept in today no one is down
for a nap now it's like almost 1 o'clock
Sam's resting now he's actually going to
Salt Lake today with the boys to go to
the hussion premiere so he's getting a
little bit of more Ruska city code by
told really late no I know he won't see
it out so bad I've got to just take one
drive at least he just went like real
poops in the potty he's done it a few
times very very few times he still likes
to like well like try and like anyone
goes on the potty he still thinks it's
fun to just sit there and I read a book
because he'll say poop poop and so we
think he has to go to the bath
because they'll say it's a white poop
it's like you Wayside it but a lot of
times he just like wants to sit there
and read a book but when he actually
does go TMI sorry he gets like really
nervous and like it was like like freaks
out after kind of like whoa because he
always hears it fall into the water TMI
sorry but like just now we tried it and
I set him down there we were reading
books and I was kind of told my mind
okay push the poops out it's like how do
you tell a kid to go poop you know I
mean it's like how do you teach an 18
month old that you don't really wait
until they're like really thinking like
form sentences and stuff I feel like but
he just like sitting on there so there's
no harm in getting like comfortable with
the toilet my opinions I must say my toy
picking skills were definitely on
yesterday I should put it on a hill
again he's getting so big look at it you
look so grown up you want to tell the
people how you doing are you so bud yeah
oh yeah no really we're down here to
support our good brother and friend
que cela beer tonight this is movie
premiere which is actually something
that is incredibly motivating to me
because a year ago I saw this and I felt
the passion of k-ci beer and it kind of
pushed me to quit my job and do this
full-time
so fun fact we're at a City Creek right
now we're gonna go
apparently Tyler wants to buy some
sunglasses and jackets and pants and we
need an errand ism I'll be back soon Wow
be back soon wait for you potato to fool
that wait for you say did it cold that I
had a good morning with Jenna and Noah
Jenna and I both kind of got naps and
feeling a little bit better
I'm excited about tonight I really like
the you're doing your hair differently
today that's cool hold on I just need to
smell and throw not creepy at all okay
this is weird this is like the least
amount of people I've ever seen at City
Creek Center Oh what are you guys
getting bowties oh wow
am I just like oh diamond into something
you have to visit even tuck anywhere we
picked out a little outfit for Noah he
needs a new hat so I got him this hat
right here
Dejan picked out this denim ensemble
looks good it'll go out some pants of
the year yes I'm now looking for
something for vanellope but it's hard
because like she's seen me a newborn and
all this stuff is kind of for bigger
people but Jen just Rita that she's a
little maybe and they have a bunch of
clothes that she likes
when they come home with a little
surprise something for Penelope
generally really like that so I'm gonna
see what I can find
dan pointed this out four to six months
done sale $6.99 deal heart got this
little giraffes and then I think I gotta
get some like pain star leggings yeah
look at that mmm four to six months I
feel in it dude I like that baby dress
that little denim baby just did I think
that's adorable
okay this is 9 to 12 months let's see
one what'll that be though
no it will still be kind of Colton when
she can wear that yeah I would go this I
would go this over both of those to be
honest because I think that looks like a
denim family this would be like
summertime yeah perfect and a half two
years got it done clutch baby shopping
okay going on a little dinner date with
my man we're having a little date night
out tonight because this kid wants to go
the house all day Sam has the good
camera sorry this is like a really bad
quality on my phone and dark but anyway
I'll try to film a little bit while
we're there or go get some sandwiches
and eat there so if those like he's out
of the house a little bit more than he
actually is
yeah I'll be back later
my little dinner date what happened a
date trap Tyler's $400 sunglasses Wow
jeans you wouldn't even talk to anyone
tonight up
there's the cooler Tyler we made it
there's a lot of you later there's like
a huge line it's supposed to start in a
couple minutes whoo check this out
you have the Angry Birds movie followed
by hush hunting-and-fishing YouTube Dan
is so greasy or now guys I must say this
would have been upgraded from last year
last year is in like a dark Theater this
year it's this nice beautiful large
megaplex there's the raffle items right
there there's the previews
there's Blake and Danny have a whole
crew here David others David but we just
want to say thank you so so very much
for coming out with supporting us you
guys don't know we meet your videos we
capture our hunts fishing trips anything
outdoors we capture and we'd upload it
or the YouTube audience people all over
the world to watch and the reason we
love it so much is because we are very
passionate about the outdoors like many
of you guys are and it's a really good
platform to share that not only by our
hunters most of us by people that they
not people that might be against time
and we only shred bringing education to
those people and after you watch this
video
understand the lightly bring the honey
hopefully snacks about having fun
thank you covering the kids out that's
what it's all about so laughs we're
gonna clap cheer do whatever you want up
under my nap and enjoy the show we are
in the Salt Lake City International
Airport and it's about 5:00 in the
morning
5:08 four to five to you how was that
movie I'm gonna like to does that kind
of it like very uneducated when it comes
to hunting like but I said this last
year I can like feel how passionate they
are and it makes me like really happy
for that's my favorite thing I kind of
joke and sarcastic about it the last
year when I saw Casey's maybe it was
like the thing that pushed me to like
being more passionate or chasing my
passions and like really quitting my job
nobody knows being a meadow
I don't got much but I know my good
friends name or with me have you got a
problem take it up how was your night
wait where did you go on a deep oh it
didn't even look like that in the
picture you just missed him okay I got
this hat for him
that cute goods on sale - Lucy showed up
the camera again BB I mean I don't know
it's just like looked like the cool hat
that fit him this is right this is what
dejan like picked out I think you look
at him right now yeah yeah that's
something
what's four it is so cute yeah I think
and then I got this for Penelope
and de Haan literally like this one they
picked this out it's like a it's that's
for next summer it's not this summer but
the next one it's like that's where next
is thank summer you know just preparing
got these little star sweatpants that
goes with the shirt I got and then I got
this tie for myself for church and stuff
and then this little they're pretty
cheap too
hmm oh is this cheap clothes so I
thought it'd be fun to get something
commercially because you said you were
going to did you get her something like
girl stuff but you didn't get any no
because it's just too much what I got
overwhelmed and I just wanted it all you
know so like there's deals but not like
that great deals like the cute stuff is
like still really expensive hmm like 30
bucks for one thing and I hope that
maybe haven't wear that tomorrow thank
you and then like his little dark
joggers I think would go well with that
yeah it was a fun evening the guys are
always kind of crazy we had a good time
and like I said before I am NOT into
hunting I don't dislike it I just don't
know much about it and I was sitting
there and I could just feel the passion
in his movie and it made me really want
to like take more risks in life
calculated risks do more with my life
and go after what I'm passionate about
I feel like if you put hard work into
anything that you really like you'll see
the results like good results and
Casey's whole movie is a testament of
that even just in a year the movie
theater rewrite how many people were
there just everything was bigger and
better
and it's pretty cool to see so the best
funny yep
time for bed yes see you guys tomorrow
we might be going on a road trip
tomorrow I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be
good you better believe it I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
