I'm not kind of us being sick and me
having just watched my sister-in-law's
vlog where she eats donuts on account of
you not going to my workout class
because don't think I'd survive gotten
able to breathe I think we're gonna go
get some donuts
last night I was saying I just want
Pringles oh you want my show I was
showing this last night good job
this kid was seriously Hawking up along
this morning where are you going we
gotta go to the car should we go buy
some donuts huh huh
Oh
go give him kisses no I'll go get him a
kiss and wake him up
I've seen better days we've a road trip
planned for this weekend and I just I
just hope we're all feeling well so that
we can go because it's with my cousins
it's in a fun place we haven't seen them
we barely see them actually I used to
see them all the time and now since I
moved to Utah I haven't seen them that
often so I'm really hoping we're feeling
better and that we can go we have a
couple days still to rest so that's good
I wanted to give a quick shout out to
audible.com who's sponsoring today's
video many of you are already familiar
with audible they have over 180,000
audio books that you can listen to on
their app on the computer on your tablet
iPads Kindles your phone that's what I
use it on and last time I talked about
it I was super excited because they had
Harry Potter which is one of my favorite
audiobooks to listen to before that I
listened to the Martian and then I saw
the movie which I loved right now I'm
listening to fat dad fat kid I like to
say fat dad fit kid I read the first two
chapters of this and I'm just like a bad
reader I do so much better if I'm able
to just listen to it especially in the
car or even in the shower I'll turn
something on and it's just so much
easier for me when we go on our road
trip in a couple days I think we'll
probably listen to Harry Potter Jen
loves listening to it
I wanted to play part of fat dad fat kid
for you guys listen to you because it's
kind of funny
so the narration for fat dad fat kid is
actually Shay and Gavin which is kind of
fun because often you might not have the
actual author narrating it's kind of
cool especially good that bit in the
place where they recorded that that's
kind of cool there's a ton of youtubers
that books out right now most of them
are on the website you can go check it
out you can go to audible.com slash
sanika and you can actually get a free
book on us by using that link you can
try it out let me know what you guys are
listening to let me know if you've
listened to the Harry Potter books or if
you have read or listened to fat dad fat
kid I love audible and we're really
grateful for them for supporting our
channel today so go check it out link in
the description audible.com slash Danica
he grabbed one of one of the extra
little things for my backpack and put it
on his shoulder his I can't yet like
perfect
hey let me see your bag Oh get it I'm
gonna put it on your shoulder smooth
chillin you lay down again no careful
say I told you so dad you do with that
ball that's inspiring
put those arms backwards yeah hi guys I
realized I haven't filmed very much
today
but it's really just because I have not
been feeling well and though it's been
really cranky because he just did not
get a good nap I think the last time I
pull out the camera was when I was gonna
go to the store I got back from the
store with too many things okay this
child his voice is so raspy right now
it's kind of cute but kind of really sad
at the same time oh my gosh my hair is
just so wonky whatever um it's a pizza
night cuz it's national pizza day and so
it made me really feel like pizza and I
had this pizza in my freezer or we'll
just pretend I made it a hand scratch
right anyway we've been bowling as you
can see we got I got no cheap little
bowling set because he really loved
Talos and yesterday you'll see in the
vlog I guess you've seen in the vlog he
was like bowling all night so we got him
some pins I may have gotten him a little
Valentine's racecar thing that he can do
with Sam tomorrow we're all still just
not our best though okay he just
your try can try again okay okay
go cheer cheer cheer I always miss the
big chair he was like if we just did
that again you say please okay I'll set
it up again because you said please she
was doing on his face this time the
minute with you got one try again
watch the concentration close try again
you're gonna make me okay try again
you want me to hold this so you can go
get daddy I knew he was gonna do that
this is what he does every time is it
dad oh that's cold out there is it daddy
because all the time I'm so grateful
that Sam food is home so much because
it's like when Sam was no no I'm
sleeping in the shower whatever he goes
that right did always looking for dad I
was just saying that most kids that's
the only time maybe like their dad comes
home like right now you know the coolest
person in the whole world I know any
better than throwing the Box gonna pick
shop
there's a cheer I've been waiting for
that's a cheer up and waiting for thanks
good job taking turns Noah he's dude
did you get a rider bath toy show me his
face turn him around
show me your other animals what else do
you get yeah a little monkey oh yeah
what's that elephant Tiger little bear
also I got home with you that's tub
paint but we're not gonna try those out
tonight maybe tomorrow or the next day
and like a day time back and whooping no
no tonight we'll try those a different
night okay
also this baby is just popping popping
popping I'm feeling very large every day
I'm feeling a little bit larger right
later okay
look at them later we're just gonna take
a tub you to try to help your chest cold
oh my goodness this pretty much
summarizes today this right here you
guys are ready to see this yeah my soup
from Campbell's following the
instructions in fact I had only had it
in there for a minute just exploded all
over the place all over it's stuff like
this that I just have to laugh off let
me look at how terrible that is to clean
up also today I went to have lunch with
Tala to work on a project and talk about
something that we were working on and my
car had a flat tire not the new car I
was in the old car completely flat the
front tire just totally busted
don't know what happened but that was
fun too
that's just how some days are you guys
can relate I'm sure you know those days
that just things just don't seem to be
going your way this will take a couple
minutes to clean up I was actually
really excited to eat that hey I'm
looking good I forgot about the top
though I was like reaching in to clean
and Austin it dripped on me I was like
oh yeah the top that literally blew up
in my microwave though I've cooked those
before too so that was kind of
interesting one of the highlights my
night though is that I did go and play
basketball for two and a half hours and
my body's starting to feel right again I
feel like after Noah was born
I definitely got out of shape and my job
that I was working there's just like so
much food I gained like 20 pounds maybe
25 I don't even know I'm starting to
feel like I'm getting back into shape
just endurance wise feeling good so that
was awesome
to be able to kind of get my legs back I
was like gosh I'm getting old like I
must be getting old because I just can't
even like get tired but no just need to
work out more I also found out that
bookie wipes is a thing did you guys
know that this existed and so it goes I
told Jen to go to bed early tonight
because she needs some rest she's not
feeling well either she's carrying a
baby we need to get the sickness out of
the house ah she's superwoman she's that
Batgirl she's superwoman
for real though she's amazing we'll see
you guys tomorrow
stay on
SiC stay healthy Lucia peace I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you bad understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood you know some string
over here some confetti
