I said you can't know the basketball
looks actually real because some variant
bellies look like a ball it could be any
day hold on one second
wasn't it just yesterday I was like I
really hope Sam doesn't get sick and I
really hope I don't get sick with this
cold that Noah has woke up today feeling
terrible
Sam woke up feeling sick as well and he
was taking his medicine and Noah's still
really snotty and coffee so I gave him a
little bit of medicine as well and
hopefully we can kick this and not
consider I'm not gonna would so grateful
if I haven't had like a stork type of
stomach flu because that's even worse I
hear wouldn't pregnant moms have that
I'm just like oh just feel really weak
and tired and they're just we're still
in jammies and it's lunchtime I woke up
with Noah and then me and Sam tag-team
and switch so we both got um some extra
rest as we lunch but this kid though I
don't know how he does it he's had this
weird cold all week and he's like still
high energy most of the day and like
going to run around and go do stuff
still oh we're not going to eat those
right now okay maybe later I'll give you
a couple after your nap okay he sees all
the chips from yesterday I don't know
how he does it even this morning he was
like they came to get me up and grape
down Noah grape down do you see it it'll
be nice when he can eat on a wood floor
surface
okay looking forward to when they came
to get me out of bed
he was just like running circles and
like down the hall and back and forth
and riding around Sam and going crazy I
was like dude how do you do this
especially with having a snot-nosed
don't worry I feel worse than I look
I didn't clean off all my makeup last
night so I still have all that makeup on
covering up the the sick sick feeling oh
keep you posted I really hope you guys
are staying healthy you're not going
through what I said some really things I
know a lot of people like are just sick
did you like your lunch one easy today
because I just
and crazy so I made a made some eggs and
got some grapes and some water you so
goods like you like asked for napkins
and Peppa's message that's so cute this
is what happens when you take your kid
places and have a good time and go to
activities you get sick so much cuz your
kid get sick and then it gets you sick
that's pretty much how it goes I'm
feeling a little better today I have a
little cold yesterday I just stocked up
on a bunch of Gatorade look at these
guys Noah is just like your little
homeschooling for the day learning
letters and puzzles H generalize
disposals the thing thank you you do do
you want to show us anything that you've
been working on today Noah yeah you've
been playing with this today I think
that hoops a little too easy for you now
no stuff today it's funny you know it
just nothing stops him he just keeps
going
he's like an engine energizer bunny yeah
he's sprinting and going crazy it's
funny because last night during the
Super Bowl everyone is here we all
having a good time knows enjoying it
he's running around having fun and he's
so good and obedient cuz we're like
alright now it's time for bed
even though we're all having this good
time and he's like okay just hide
everyone blows kisses to tugs and goes
upstairs everyone and he says Dada Dada
and I'm like oh dad still sleeping and
then he goes day huh and then unlike de
hond I'm like oh he's like wants to know
where the guys are and I'm like oh then
he went home to go to bed last night he
was like oh it was so funny
oh did you have fun watching the Super
Bowl last night loves when they're all
over
treat yourself we're gonna go get some
Froyo
we told no one go get a little treat
house this is what Jen saying but really
what this is is being like nine ten
weeks eight weeks on how many weeks away
from having a baby giving a birth and
the only thing that jen has undermine
her now is pancakes we've been seeing
you know resting up because no one needs
a beat in it no it's all about I really
sound like nice exciting I think we're
all excited for Froyo not just me Panda
spin
I have an Oreo dividing it chocolate
milkshake
look at this China using cream peanut
butter with berries cheesecake bites and
chocolate
I haven't really at all today either so
and I'm excited you smell that good hey
no I like say yes I got tart cookies and
cream chocolate with chocolate stuff
straw base but since I'm excited to see
how your cookie goes in there oh yeah
yeah
dan Ariely contradict the whole thing
that's a big bite good I always mix the
teams with Noah and no no it's trying to
throw them in the tree oh and it keeps
cheering three four three no more do
more do you think it's Oh pomp when he
makes one do more ready Oh little fast
one more ready oh oh oh the big throw
okay let's get him out ready 1 2 3
that's Sam's favorite part yeah ain't no
from Target your shirts getting a little
short buddy sorry dad you don't want you
threw them all out there we go now you
do without me know one time though
so it's come to our attention that no
one believes that this is normal baby
mom as a belly you can't find the balls
the best poison oh sure yeah where's the
ball oh it's like I'll just find a new
ball you know I like it
oh yeah this ball thank you behind me go
get it okay
or is it where'd it go
that's good pretty smart but this is one
of those things where he's like that's
just normal
ladies right here is this it wait how do
you get that belly how'd it get dead
belly get up no what what's up that
shirt did daddy watch this
I'll show you where to get it at ready
don't do this to mommy though just add a
weight now put it back in you sure let's
see if you know this in there like I
tried the ball that was really
interesting
yeah usually always knows
Oh put a smaller one in there oh my you
look like mommy now you look just like
mommy say mommy you have a ball on your
shirt that's mommy she's a ball in her
shirt or is it baby babies do I have a
ball in my shirt should we all make
mommy feel comfortable thick mom say
look that I said you can't know the
basketball looks actually real because
some variant bellies look like a ball it
could be you need a hold on oh thank you
like yes like a uniboob
she we do forget dance wait how the song
go Pekka Pekka but prego prego prego but
peugeot but compare compare government
that we were pregnant with Noah though
prego but prego prego prego but like a
but dance no a dance with your belly
Noah just brought me a little ball to
put in my shirt so I felt included thank
you Oh a dad has his ball do all have
balls now sure I'll sink Brickel but
prego prego prego but after anything
really ready this is just four days
pretty say my sister see mom has a real
bali mom's bellies were real belly cuz
you're gonna be a big brother
Oh baby I think I need a motion don't
mention milkshakes on my french fries No
okay yep I don't think I've ever been so
sick so oft in my life part of that is
probably because we're around a lot more
kids now and I feel like kids are sick
and then parents will still bring them
places and then you end up getting it
especially for sharing toys and
equipment and things like that
so it kind of stinks whenever Noah is
sick I feel like we try to do a pretty
good job of keeping them like quarantine
from everything else so he doesn't get
other people sick but it's just one of
those things of becoming a parent that
you just go with and it will affect us
or the rest of our lives as we get more
kids as well so we're also really trying
to help Noah understand that he is going
to be a big brother over the next two
months says something we're really
trying to teach him about so he's not
surprised and we have a couple different
techniques and things that we're gonna
try and do so hopefully that transition
is a lot smoother I don't think it's
that big of a deal for most kids but we
just want them to know that we still
love him just as much you know and that
were one just big loving happy family
it's pretty exciting to know that we'll
be living through some of those firsts
again like I just love watching you know
what grow learn new skills and things
and we're about to do it all over again
those of you that are already parents
you know what I'm talking about you've
done it many times probably it's one of
the coolest things in the world we'll
see you guys tomorrow
don't get sick we're feeling pretty good
though it's all good peace
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood this is my future
