hey Dad now knows dab oh gosh yeah yeah
yeah football games happening oh yeah
yeah follow through
you
tip good looking chipper imagine having
this little cute little guy sitting here
eating lunch with us imagined when they
lived in it it's just a bit of chocolate
this is it this is the moment right now
hey you're really good at that you're
really good at beating yourself those of
you that watched the secret clips know
that two years I know one hint tears one
year ago from today we were in Orlando
for playlist live and that was also the
day that tricks and started one year one
year ago me and this little guy are
painting again this morning haven't
painted since that first time around
because I took them over while to get
the hang of it but you'd enjoy and you
just didn't really want to play toys or
anything so we're giving it another go
you're doing pretty good oh yeah those
are pretty huh and a bit like this dip
it dip it dip it he wants to add color
to every page now so buddy look so great
Noah this boy woke up hmm looks
beautiful he woke up coughing and with a
very snotty nose I think you might be
getting a cold unless there's a molar
popping through that I can't see who
knows oh you want to show them yeah he's
like mom show them my drawing do you
like painting oh yeah it's okay I'll
come off I just love this look at them
up there just doing a little coloring
what are you doing are you being silly
also hey you want tell everyone that you
poop today in the toilet yeah you did
huh he never wants to poop for me when
you always poops for same in the toilet
so you have him take me no one twice
today we have cleanup time so like
before his nap we clean up toys because
I just I can't have this mess o people I
can't do it and it's been good yeah he
knows now like before nap we clean up
and then we go have a rest
and then at night for bed we clean up
toys as well oh look at those balls
under there bud can you get all those
balls out from under oh yeah here put
this in here and here you here put all
your cars on you you put all his cars up
there don't know why I'm it was really
good job hopefully this helped for when
PJ comes and I can't really help him
clean up cuz I'm holding a baby or
something he'll be able to clean up the
majority by himself look at these cuties
what is that good looking you look
pretty hey I got something to show you I
think you're gonna like it you might
even want to go inside of it do you know
what it is it's an equal check it out do
you look at this let me go inside to a
glue do you wanna go inside that's good
whoa dive right in there's actually a
hole at the dubliner yeah hey dude I
think they glue smaller than it used to
be no it was not that much of a fan of
it he almost got stuck it's definitely
shrunk a bit since i first found it
what's up dude you gonna go down whoo
whoo I don't know if you guys can see it
this is kind of like really satisfying
right here this great has created all
these tiny little icicles you see them
all I really just want to knock someone
down I'm not going to do all of them I'm
not someone else enjoy this but look at
these all right I need to get a couple
more look at this ah here we go I have a
new diaper bag Jenna's going to go hang
out with a friend Noah's gonna go say hi
to one of his boots how's this Amos
there's got to be a term or phrase or
word for someone that's born on the same
day as you is there share a birthday I
don't know hey guys have fun love you
love you ok let me know what have fun
bud we are actually going to go film
right now at the store we are working on
a video I wasn't sure if it would go
down today but it is after all so we're
gonna rush over there hopefully get some
clips might take a couple days to film
I'm not sure yet I'm just really hoping
the idea works comes together hey are we
friends come here
Gaza made new friends getting all the
practice i can before Penelope's here
are we friends me and you well here's a
sneak peek it's slender man david is
worried this would be tight enough I
know gosh I need to put this down didn't
really get it to make it to the store
yeah Tyler just gave him a high five
because today he pooped and that's kind
of team I let you guys enjoy might be
gross or don't care but to us that's big
I think I'm upstairs today he went and
he was so proud he was giving me
high-fives he was cheering it was great
so hot so a possible we might be potty
trained by the number two hey dude hey I
get a hug I did I am we'll see how this
goes there's a lot of foot traffic here
in the story now so I'm going get some
good scare pranks yo what's up Sid live
hey hey hey missin hey all right we're
gonna do this side of a GoPro set up
here as well under the Hat Tyler will be
filming so be good
wow it's been going pretty well I'm
going to get these flowers going this is
all we have left we might shoot another
day i'm not sure yet but i think the
video might turn out a little behind the
scenes Tyler and I sitting here had
cameras like in the shrubbery also one
in there yeah how do you think that how
do you think that when Noah house is
super bowl is it good now the Broncos
will be forced upon see these type of
place Panthers Broncos who do you are
who's gonna win Panthers David's well I
can make an honest prediction but I
didn't know who's actually playing this
role until this morning so I'm just
going to go with the unanimous favorite
Panthers this Panthers right yeah yeah I
get a score I I'm not gonna get that
bite her again think about it Julius are
you guys waiting for I'm ready for the
Broncos campus ok well we got three
Panthers one Broncos for panthers 21
Logan Panthers Broncos sure use a CIA
blue but i don't really like them
breathers I'm just gonna say Broncos
Broncos Tyler official on the near
sideline neither Zalicus new day no I
Panthers Broncos say watermelon and I'm
really for the Panthers even though I'm
wearing like a Broncos colors hi there's
a lot of experiment answers jerry allen
peanut tillman Ron Rivera the coach and
he also missing greggles Panthers
brought his Panthers monkeys Panthers
Panthers 10 best commercial so far still
to me Doritos the baby one and then the
Taco Bell and the aliens guys begin this
kid is just spitting game right now he
keeps like flirting and then hiding his
face are you being are you flirting or
being shy he's making moves though he's
p souping in business mr steal yo girl
right there that's how he says I didn't
mean that word Oh Jen dirty no is it
good hey Noah can you give her kisses oh
ok good bucket bucket good fun you're
 good on her eye level Wow lookie
leave it in
hey Dad now knows dab oh gosh yeah yeah
yeah football game is happening oh yeah
that is my nephew yeah why are you
getting I think he has a crush on
someone such a flirt the 14 it is nice
to maintain course what color the liquid
be that is poured that we get me a
beautiful purple yellow language my I
was gonna say and uh orange on flip
clear yellow red green purple I think
I'll just be water per pillow yeah i'm
gonna say there's gonna be a bucket of
ice cuz they're also let me get that for
me which song will call a play first
during that time that new one if the
monkey was good now they will prevent
your of a lifetime that's the number one
I don't think that that my favorite you
see the easy things like a sky full of
stars people would be the clock speed of
sound I think there's too many good ones
All Stars there's too many good ones I'm
that's a Blair favorite I think I think
that longer ok here's good one they'll
have that new one later on it way to go
oh yeah it's the present past new
schedule starts because he's like okay
next question a little bit it's not
minor cuts idea well it is not going to
be what color will Beyonce's footwear be
black gold brown white silver gray any
other 24 karat solid gold I'm going I'm
black safe Black is safe that's why I
yeah I think you're cool Sam I shouldn't
be like you you're like my brother
thanks take me under your wing I think
that's it Oh who's that he doesn't know
MVP he's the MVP yeah I'm still gonna go
at Camden No von Miller bum hard oh they
look like threes ah Chris Martin wearing
some jordans custom what song is that
how do you not like the nerd and you
don't like Coldplay oh I love Coldplay
wait a sec yeah where's that count those
are like black gold oh wow no close your
eyes I'm going black wow this thing well
quite a riveting game we add here
waiting for the Gatorade orange yeah
like never really didn't good it was
orange wow great timing trim the camera
hey have you said it orange you got it
right first cam lost
so you're gonna oh come on we don't need
that come on we want two people
celebrating that crying oh there we go I
honestly came near frys okay yeah I was
in car propet will peyton retire
decision this has been a very emotional
week an emotional night yeah I got a
couple of counties know what I want to
want to go kiss my wife kiss my kids I
want to go celebrate their teammates
yeah I'm a drink a lot easier than with
my brother Eli should have been more
right shirt than less more ride shark
Tyler thoughts oh gosh i love camden get
rekt and i also love this I'm sure how
affection okay yeah I'm so commercial I
like the first three days commercial
first retos yeah yeah that was my
favorite one too was it well look on
youtube I bet they're all there the
interesting Super Bowl kind of boring
William mail campaign should go for that
I think Audrina's not a first timer so
drunk
narrative you chew soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
