oh my goodness Harold how did you end up
in there he's it with his magic it's
like he was coming in for a landing and
just full straight into that spot of
pinecones oh so funny
she's one-and-a-half way back back back
you can't just go secrets
No
you're watching Jamaica blog piece it is
a day of haircuts I have a sore throat
it'll go away
it is cold it's 47 degrees right now yes
that's cold for here to us right now
high 65 it's feeling like fall which is
actually kind of fun I didn't think we'd
experienced this kind of but I like it
yeah pants sweaters I know mpg is
getting here first haircut first no
second really okay because we went to
one place in Logan and then I just cut
the next few times yeah I know we're
like no let her hair girl let her hair
girl she's a girl let it grow but you
guys understand Oh messy her hair gets
it's in her face I don't know it just
needs to be cleaned up a little bit so
buzz it off oh you and your haircut too
okay here's the before we're just gonna
do a little trim Wow okay see ya are you
gonna dye it blue
yep they're very smart here batting toys
and things to buy everywhere piles of
toys every maybe we shouldn't
yeah next
where's Noah
she's one-and-a-half
yeah
good job says you getting your hair cut
no my hair kids don't count see I've got
two sharks and an awesome haircut and a
candy you're looking good buddy
your princess hair don't pick your color
what color look a there's pink and
purple what color you want pick just one
you went down one you want the green one
or the purple one okay purple do you
want to smell like okay yeah look up you
have glitter in your hairs
okay you help we're back well you just
got this oh I decide to just go to trim
because she's got a finger smashed on
you okay look at that sad face cute a
sad face I've ever seen you guys have
the same sad face that's how I know
they're actually related to each other
because they do the same sad face
anyways smoothies fun just wanna try to
show you the back I'll even Dow I was
gonna go with a bob but I sided just
even her hair out this time around
although I probably got a little shorter
but I like it it's cute it's even it's
not all crazy in the back and you're
pretty here differences here you smell
like cupcakes tip glitters give glitters
in their hair oh it's really a smoothie
way back back back
we can't disclose the secrets no I'm
just feeling a teensy bit but me and
Monica yeah I'm going to do some
shopping to do some appraising yes
because we have some ideas for our men
the men in our life and we're gonna go
check some things out but we can once we
have ideas for once I actually think
seems really I hope you like to thank
you all he's just says he wants Bitcoin
and I'm like what's that mean he says
means no presence pouring well no you
actually want presents don't lie to me
so I won't present because when Micah
says don't give me presents that means
give me presents under the tree for me
well because Monica told him not to get
her presents that was your bad sweetie
I'm just being nice and considerate but
still buy me something but he died alert
and I cried and cried oh gosh that's
pretty funny value always buys me
something yeah you know Chris's one
about the gifts it's not but for
husbands I'm very not picky at all
Sam it's where I'm easy to shop for
Sam's a little bit trickier because he's
more of like that if you need to get it
if you want to buy it so that's me
because I just find that myself Oh
drive here
I
