who is that guy looks good you know like
it better next time
show me what's the on is blue riding the
skateboard Wow good mom cool and shows
me that the Blue's Clues dog is riding
the skateboard means very very jazzed
about it try another skateboard escape
skateboard good jump
did he just say skateboard replay that
Sam try another skateboard egg replay
that I think he just said before egg
well I'm almost positive we heard him
say skateboard right oh my goodness
now he's gonna ride the skateboard in
his saggy little diaper that needs to be
changed
good job this summer maybe you can get
your own skateboard but not until summer
because not like you can write it anyway
what oh my gosh it's like a pair of oh
gosh just put stuck to him hey we
skipped out on Tyler time this morning
because Sam had to go drop the car off
to get some things done that we hadn't
but they another wait to do it or
something
our line Oh anyway it's like a
protective sealant or something I feel
like in the third trimester you can get
another wave of like extreme drowsiness
it's like in the first trimester thank
you like in the first trimester you're
just so tired and then in the third
trimester I feel like I'm leaning like a
wave of that this week some old school
with the Kings I'm all about that left
and the flashlight Thank You Noah this
is what happens when you have a very
cooped up child they just go wild and
starts flailing arms and limbs and hey I
see you in there
you can't hide from me I'm thinking
we're gonna yesterday but he's all about
like oh hi Tyler yeah Oh today is the
day of haircuts yeah and got his haircut
wait put your glasses back on welcome
back in change right put my shirt tun
we're all we're all going yeah what
shoes you got on I need some pre-work
that guy looks good oh my gosh I think
it looks good did you go both who is
that no who is that guy he looks so
tired literally just woke up
a few moments later I think I need a hey
think I need my own show on Animal
Planet or something I've captured two
wild species today Erin with short hair
and tried Tyler working out of the gym
what's up you want some more fruit want
more fruit Kiwi when you're asked how to
take a selfie of where he is right now I
forgot are you into a grocery store yeah
I did
oh my gosh I didn't get too much watch
this let's just you just put one grape
in are you grabbing some grapes bud you
better believe might have to wash this
up okay mom we'll get you some and now
Noah's haircut right we're gonna try I'm
gonna shower up real quick you want to
get your hair cut today tip your hair's
getting crazy look give me the craziest
face you have give me a crazy face what
about cute face let's see a cute face
well everything is cute
I need to go to shower real quick though
a few moments later
with that just traumatizing did you hate
that
those girls were super nice though yeah
leaving Bayou truck and suckers and
everything you know liked it better next
time no did you like that was that fun
Hey
yeah like after fact where you get a
lollipop dude you look so handsome we're
gonna go put gel in your hair and see
what it looks like okay cuz right now it
looks like you're in the military
alright you took it back oh my handsome
look at you hey he's still gonna itch e
very itchy you're okay I put bring your
pants on you his legs really interesting
experience I'm feeling a little itchy
myself from all the hair that got on me
yeah let's see show me love you little
kisses peace I'm so cute with my new
haircut show me a haircut show mommy
your hair anything on my face dirty most
nights I feel like we just end the vlog
well that's what that's the end of a
night when we're going to bed you know
we don't really film this per minute
because this before but I'm usually
telling him to keep it down back there
to stop yelling and clicking so loud and
I'm as you're just watching my shows or
reading or watching YouTube we have our
little winding down time but if we do
have our shows on we do watch our shows
together and eat snacks together
maybe I just make fun of him for being
obsessed with this game right now
so so far she's new but he's really
obsessed with this girl hey I don't I
only play from like 10:00 to midnight
she has a time limit so I ordered
hopefully this will be my very last ever
diaper Matic I think they're like
probably not true but with Noah I kind
of got like a more affordable one just
from like Target or something and I
remember but it wasn't very good quality
and it didn't like didn't have the space
I wanted and Sam got me off Etsy but was
more like a purse and I used that for a
long time but it got really dirty I just
haven't cleaned it and it also just
didn't have the space where I wanted the
space you know I mean I've been doing
research since Peters coming and I just
want I type of fact that I can use for
both of them and sorry looks really
really chapped tonight and I want just
organization so I learned about this
company called Jujubee my friend had
because she had a Petunia Pickle bought
pickle bottom and I'd heard of those
petunias and I was looking at the Vera
Bradley and those are going to excite
you want something that's gonna last and
be good quality I'm gonna like and it's
gonna be comfortable for me either one
of us to wear but mostly me because I
usually I usually do but he'll wear the
diaper bag if I'm like hanging or vice
versa seeing I mean so I'm usually
caring that I brought cause he's usually
can't know I um and so I was looking at
doing lots of research because lately my
nights on YouTube consist of like just
watching baby videos and the fact that
I'm usually only watching birth blogs
right and I'm like just like random that
whatever pops up I'll watch and then I
watch reviews I've been watching baby
reviews on like strollers diaper bags um
anything else I can't even think of but
so I was but you pick up on ones first
those little backpack ones but I was
reading all the reviews and a lot of
people were returning them because like
the the straps are uncomfortable because
they're like kind of like seat belt
material in a way is what I was reading
but my friend has one she loves hers but
I also like don't want my huge flap you
know I don't want to have to have a huge
flap and then try to unzip and you know
on that jazz and so I rolled those out
and they're really expensive so I was
like okay
I'm not too hot and bothered about not
getting one of those and then I was
looking Vera Bradley because I just
loved all the prints
it's like chic grandma in my opinion
Vera Bradley you mean um anyway I was
like yeah their dick bags they're really
cute they're also kind of pricey but I
just couldn't find the style I wanted
and then you know I was like looking at
per views on YouTube juju
oh no my friend who had them tuned he
was like I was looking into these juju
ones my controller then she couldn't
remember the full name and so I found it
was Jujubee and so I've been looking at
there's like my gosh they have like the
most amazing bags that you can put
inside with your diaper bag to keep it
organized because usually I've just been
using this like tiny little grey
backpack and I just throw everything in
there and usually get lost trying to
find stuff so I and I finally found a
bag there like there's two jujube ones
that I really liked and most the reviews
were really good um and I was just kept
watching a lot of YouTube videos cuz
they have a lot of YouTube videos on
Jujubee bags go look them up the fun to
watch like what's in my diaper bag you
know all that jazz um and so I went
ahead and even though they are a little
pricier as well like okay let's just
hope this one just lasts so I'm getting
the backpack it's called Jujubee right
back
Jude you be right back you know I like
one second away from you I have to tell
you to be quiet because you talk so loud
those dang headphones on he doesn't
realize it there's like no one with that
clicking um back to what I was saying I
got the Jujubee right back so it's the
backpack looks like their newest
backpack and it has like this most
awesome storage and everything and just
I feel like it's what I need right now
for like everyday life because I really
kind of wanted also like the be prepared
to it's like really big but like oh
maybe I'll have everyone decide I might
have Sam get that for me for Mother's
Day and I'll use that I was like my
travel bagg like for the airplane
because with traveling with two kids and
it's just gonna be a little crazier and
so be nice to have like something that's
a little bit wider instead of just a
backpack um so I got the backpack I'm
really excited and when it gets here
show you guys because I'm really excited
I'm like waiting forever and just like
come on but my insert so I did pick up
some like the little inserts that you
can like get to put your stuff in and
like keep your diaper bag organized and
so they're not the prints I really
wanted I kind of picked whatever was
like on sale cuz I'm cheap like that but
they're still really cute like all their
prints are cute and they're all like
machine washable materials and next like
waterproof so I got this is called a bit
quick
if you're curious I've been doing lots
of research on this this isn't be quick
it's it's pretty big actually
I'm gonna use this for like diapers and
wipes and stuff for both kids when once
we have them right now that'll be just
for noah but then when pj come to us
just stick both sorts of diapers in here
and why'd you just grab it and wrap them
so - like right now i just dig in my bag
until I plot it there you go
and then they got have these beasts
jujubee's be set something sets where
they come in like three so there's like
a large a large bag a medium bag and a
small one so I was just gonna use like
this one for like snacks for now and the
medium ones for like toys or something
and then the small and I was just gonna
put like the punch passes for all the
fun park stuff and like maybe just like
my cards if I don't wanna take my wallet
with me in the backpack United mean so
it's just fun baby stuff is fun
sometimes
what should I research tonight I'm just
I'm just rambling because my phone's
charging we're seven minute clip
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
