but I forgot to mention this morning I
haven't told him this and I go to take
his clogged his pajamas off and stuff
and change his diaper so funny and so
cute
come show me how do those go on yeah
those are on perfect buddy that's
exactly how they go oh gosh can you put
them back on let me put them back on
your head do you know how this struggle
is real
hi hi hi hi hi
yesterday I ended the vlog with I
wouldn't say a cliffhanger but I said I
would tell you guys more today the
reason being is because sometimes I
don't the vlog to run too long so
yesterday when we were in Salt Lake City
we got a call from our landlord and she
said hey there's actually another house
that looks a little bit more fun and you
know maybe more your style which is
funny I mean these decisions would be a
lot more difficult if it was the house
that we were buying right but we're just
like oh so we started to talk to her
about it turned out it was a house like
there when we were first driving around
there are two houses that Jenna was like
oh hope it's that house oh I hope it's
that house cuz they just seemed like
cute little houses
yeah then it turned out that it is one
of those houses yeah she's like actually
it's the same exact layout on the inside
but it's cuter on the outside I know me
started to describe different ones that
we saw and she's like yeah that's it
so we drove by checked it out the layout
inside is actually backwards it's the
same exact way out but reverse reverse
di yeah so we're like Oh how's our couch
gonna fit in that because we got this
big couch and I guess we'll see oh my
good
like I said it's easier decision to make
because we're renting and it is like the
same layout so we kind of looked peeked
inside it was locked though so anyways
we're actually gonna go into that house
now and the other question that people
have been asking is when is that going
down and then we're moving yeah
everyone's like wait when you guys
moving you'll never know
we'll just be in a new house one day no
I would probably be if I had to guess
the end of this month so we'll try and
be out of here this month and then we
just found out that we probably won't
have to clean the whole place ourselves
Jen was getting super stressed out only
because usually I'm fine cleaning but
being pregnant and cleaning is so tiring
yeah yeah that bad for the body yeah
exactly so it's basically going to be
out like me to move
and clean and now that we don't have to
clean this place not that it's dirty no
but I still clean it oh yeah it's not
like dirt and like you know but the oven
just the little things that you always
have to microwave get off the checklist
fridge we won't have to go through all
that so it's nice gentleman mentioned
briefly that she's starting to feel more
tired again kind of like the first
trimester so it's just for a week and
not a month
anyways also a lot of people are always
wanting to see more pictures we can't I
haven't done the best job at that but I
think we'll start yeah we're gonna do 30
weeks and then I got to get those videos
edited of you and Rachel
and then you'll I think you should do a
little weekly updates until the baby's
here yeah because there are some things
oh that's the other thing we'll talk
about this maybe tomorrow we met up with
some friends I have two kids and they
gave us some really good advice on how
to introduce another family member maybe
that's something you could record and
talk about and then we can document it
because we have some things that we're
gonna do with Noah to get him more
comfortable about having another family
member joining us and just try and make
that transition a little bit easier we
can talk about that later too anyways
that's what I was going to say tomorrow
and this turned out to be kind of longer
than I meant it to be but there's a
little update for you
you know mom Wow hey that looks so nice
you know what just wants to put the
stickers in his hair don't put more
stickers in oh look here sticker boy now
dude cute face oh I knew nose it's kind
of sticking stickers to his nose today I
think oh my goodness you've got a
sticker goatee ah you've got a sticker
goatee we're trying a third star you
know here we are
oh yeah he knows lately Noah has really
enjoyed playing with dad's basketball
right you have that's the one he always
wants he doesn't want his little one so
today we are going to go get him one
that's more his size not like the tiny
ones but like a medium youth said yeah
basketball he could cut his hair and he
refuses now we didn't get one just like
dads but junior size are these junior
size well that's like Ballentine
it's like that size ball or what size
ball that could work yeah yeah
basketball hoop there's some more in
this bin over here but they're all
crappy teams oh yeah but they're just
terrible teens
no that's the one you cannot have Miami
Heat
no this is when you get it and gets cabs
one of these instead Jordan one I love
this Mike Feuer
which one that one the multicolored one
last time you like that one better he's
so determined and ambitious
look at that he wants to shoot on that
big hoop he's winding up here's one both
have one
do you like that one bite or this one
pal we're always saying that we have too
many balls already and then we just come
and buy you like this hey Bob
a family that had Bob together stays
together you dancing with your head
yeah literally just walk through the
door and this is where he runs to his
new his hoop with his new ball okay give
me ball that's pretty far away oh shoot
it it's a lot lighter than daddy's good
shot let's you want to move that closer
we've gotta clean up in here a little
bit what's up everybody its ball night
and tonight we're doing the nose split
Oh
okay tell the camera what you doing this
one we call the Noah split let's shoot
it are you celebrating talking about
good job this one we call the Sam dunk
let's get it all right this next shot we
call the invisible camera Oh try again
oh all right invisible camera just for
today we'll try next time what
shoulders celebrate we call this one the
don't get mad at mom oh gosh oh boy
I just hope knee carries his ball like
that lenders are Michael baby basketball
player so cute he is
oh you sign here first folks it's not
dad's night tonight no one I before bed
or watching daehan's video about
babysitting and so far it's hilarious
but I forgot to mention this morning I
haven't told him this but when I got no
I when I got no out of bed today he was
kind of wet this morning I was like all
dingy pee through and he's been better
at not pink through hold on one second
one second and I go to take his clogged
his pajamas off and stuff and change his
diaper so funny and so cute his paper
was on backwards
I don't know why guys think that the
tabs go like Snap in the bit like that
the fact the tab is velcro to the back
like it just makes so much more sense
and it's easier to like come to the
front but yep Noah had slept in a
backwards diaper the entire night and he
probably was in one the entire video
I'll have this show day on how to put a
diaper on again so I forgot to refresh
his memory but it was stuck with me
can reach a future
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understand
