got a free throw coming up which means
Jen's ready
oh so that was all you
you
oh yeah we've had a rough go this
morning no woke up on the wrong side of
the bed I swear he's in like terrible
twos already or something but I already
feel like I've been up all day what oh
good job say hi we're working on sharing
and not using our hands to inflict pain
upon other children that's what we're
currently working on because someone has
learned that if he doesn't get what he
wants that he should just inflict pain
with the palms of his hands and it's not
so great it's not so great so we had to
leave a little early because he ran out
of chances uh-huh then he thought me
getting the car seat and all of you moms
who have been I know a lot of you've
been there with the just the screaming
arching kid that is flailing and you
like literally cannot get them in there
right yeah yeah I could not get to in
your seat so we came home and had a
little time out mom had a little time
out to catch a breath and have a little
breather and now we're doing much better
at me I used all my brain power I'm
sorry with this childhood and we've
always been awake since like eight
something oh boy some days are just
better than others and now we're leaving
to go to salt lake this afternoon and he
has no idea and so he's awake I'm like
what weird a mom dad go so I just hope
he's better for dejan and Aaron and
Tyler Alex she had a long time to come
over I don't know for the boys today and
he has been for me
good vibes yeah we bomb start off on the
fireman we still here Salt Lake City we
out here it's date night and my date
just slept the whole way I said you
could I said you could my parents Jen
deserves the death I've been really
tired today like more tired than normal
so far we've gotten a picture of know
what Jestin in oh yeah we saw thank you
even even really updated that no so day
on came over to watch know so far and
then the boys gonna come over and join
him later and he's already changed his
outfit and there's the picture yes
here's the picture so it's good to kind
of stuck out like right when he was
waking up and so he didn't see us
something that that helped a little bit
he was like oh it's day hun so hopefully
things go well I his nap really helped
him feel better because he was having a
rough go today I was kind of nervous to
leave him yeah he always adapt though
yeah like realizes it takes him like 10
minutes 5 10 minutes and he's like this
is what I'm dealing with today not good
right he's usually way better for other
people like any child they're better for
other people then they are for you in my
opinion you know um so I think you'd be
good i think is nap helped him to tell
be good ya feel it's better it is good
good that's good for us I just yes it's
really good rest to you today I just
feel bad and I hope you know I haven't
touched me this at all in this clip now
we're going out to dinner which yes you
know you might think we're going
somewhere nice a little sit-down with
the waiter or waitress the server banana
trade that classy then loves crown
burger
like hamburger hamburger was actually on
the Food Network I don't think it's man
versus food was it may be some food
maybe knows man vs food and they've got
like pastrami on their burgers yeah
maybe so if you've been to a jazz game
before you probably already know this
but if you eat at crown burger and spend
like 10 bucks you can park for free
which is basically a crime us to do so
because we want to park for free so Sam
just said you should record something
then proceeded to lay down in this
position I just thought about it though
when we went to the bulls game was just
burning thirty dollars yeah 25 plus the
drive all the way across nineteen
dollars for a meal and free parking and
removal and and we won't be spending a
million dollars in some food that's
awesome sit we paid so much last time
for that little burger and fries she's
on I got my join ones just got hurt
Jordan's on I feel really silly wearing
why this is a if there's a place to wear
jordans to it's i know i know
i'm especially when Jordan broke I'll be
charged
I'm just like Oh who / pregnant now and
I feel funny but I like they're comfy so
hey how it works my ever I was too dark
sometimes I just said thank you we got
the pregame meal here pastrami burger
John's got a regular cheeseburger hello
rise did you ask for any I know no one
let me know I did miss forgot yeah Jen's
imagining things this TD but I don't my
coat in there so made it up Jen today I
always like coming here though because
the Bulls and jazz do you have a history
and I feel like it's still kind of there
not quite the same rivalry as it once
was a lot of people still hate us I have
gotten a compliment already on my jersey
though my Jimmy Butler Bulls were so
exciting i always get so excited my face
is already ready yeah guess so sure
deming average doc that I wasted my time
just like the first ones in means
nothing kind of getting a little to copy
already have been tweeting Gordon
Hayward which means we'll probably lose
the game all right hopefully now I think
I've only seen the Bulls loose once and
it was a buzzer beater by gilbert arenas
back in the playoffs 2006 my lucky
charms it got enough marshmallows and
when you judge by a color nobody knows
screen a meadow I don't got much but
I'll roll in it no my good friends they
roll with me have you got a problem take
you that's really usually the balls the
visiting team works up here
the man the myth Jen's Valentine from
2013 a sickie Stacey King I see you boo
okay so last time we were here we were
sitting probably right there but in that
side behind the hoop and they gave us a
civil one of these called thunder sticks
cheer sticks bad idea to give this to me
again something Chad Newsome with the
jazz but we're shooting and they're like
this
it's nicer now I'm Gary right I'm right
in their line for free throws and you
can bet that i'm gonna be using used to
do
hey Jimmy the video see you Jimmy new
man crush Jimmy Butler
got a free throw coming up which means
Jen's ready
oh so those are you
you
come on Jimmy yeah baby
oh my goodness
Wow
Oh
Derrick Rose not the best three-point
shooter but big-time players make big
time plays here it is driving kick Eric
rose wide open measured that you're
right
oh my god
am I going
don't turn the ball over
confetti for all the wrong reasons oh
wait i think the Justice won the NBA TV
too I'm heartbroken yeah it's kidding
the Bulls lost I would have taken that
loss so much worse two years ago yeah
seriously it was a really good game
though it was oh we had so much fun we
had so much fun there are so many people
that just hated us there just because we
were like we're so proud of our teams
like yeah there was a few poles around
them others I yeah you know it's always
it's always it's always a good game when
you find yourself high-fiving strangers
right that's when I know you've had a
good time especially if you haven't had
a couple drinks like the guys in front
of us oh my gosh they were like trying
to high five me like I was a jazz fan I
was like dude I know stop it but it was
fun it was still a good time in the fun
date for us I think Noah had more fun
with his babysitters and he would have
had with us
at home so we'll find out oh yeah no
just talk today on said everything went
well it sounds like no it was a lot
better for him than he is for us but
that just seems to be the way kids are
sometimes we had such a good night the
game was fun even though we lost going
to those games with jen is just the best
thing ever she is the best wife and my
best friend she's amazing I had so much
fun with her going to bed now it's 1230
and tomorrow you're waking up early
Junkanoo a workout it's going to be
another day oh and we might actually be
going into a different house it's like
the same layout but a different outside
it's funny the story well tell us
tomorrow see that piece
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I
think that means he's having a good time
I'm not I'm not one hundred percent
