Noah has been pretending that the GoPro
has a camera in it even though it's just
the case and keeps him filming himself
playing this morning is he you and it is
so cute he like talks to the little
little case and sits it up
you keep saying bad ball basketball
because he was filming himself playing
basketball and then he was showing his
toys and I want to talk you guys about
the summer slash spring and conventions
but I'm not gonna keep knowing the car
any longer so maybe we'll talk in the
store maybe we'll talk when we're
leaving but it's important
are you just the cutest boy ever
so those jammies are looking a little
small bud but I could look at look at
the way where you set up okay he said
that there himself good job kiddo
are you filming yourself playing
basketball yeah are you filming yourself
on the GoPro as issue soups is that
filming you oh no something this morning
almost till 9:00 which is great you had
some oatmeal for breakfast huh what are
you looking for the bouncy ball okay no
your turn
pacing it singing and screaming it's
been a rather Sunday church was
interesting but I wanted to show you
guys some really cool snowmen I saw
yesterday we're actually turning up on
them right now I think Noah will like
looking at him mr. Street Oh John did
they knock him over
right there oh wow they're big look at
that good so you can see the snowmen
okay seriously it kind of freaks me out
how good they are the middle one with
the eyeballs the daughter looks like
almost like a demon child like I'm gonna
get you in your dream hair clippers yes
the other hair covers it
yeah they're male help hair clippers I
think oh my god rope mouth oh my gosh
you those guys got hats on snowmen I
love their little hats pretty cool
they're so cute those are like legit
snowmen no there's still so much snow
tire or than best snowman of the year
yeah seriously
yeah did you see those snowmen do you
like those snowman a little sweeter what
everyone else is admiring him I just saw
something in their window oh yeah cool
snowman I saw them building that
yesterday guess how many people it took
to build those thanks fella I'm building
it oh yeah so the whole process I went
over I wanted to like get out in like
filming okay guys it really cool guys
like five people pretty cool now there
that's middle school too so we're just
out for a little Drive to get Noah out
of the house he only had like a 15
minute nap today because he would not go
down in his crib we had to hold him he
was not happy let me finally fell asleep
of course like 15 20 minutes before we
had to go to church we've all been
wearing our baby
oh yeah Sam and I are going on our date
tomorrow we're going to Salt Lake City
we're gonna go see the Chicago Bulls
versus the Utah Jazz we'll be at the
Jazz game I think I'm making a
prediction okay if we make it on time
how we're planning we're gonna meet a
player awesome or at least a cking yes
thank you it was an expired
II won championships with Michael we've
left they thinking before I asked him to
be my Valentine the last time we're
there we met Joe it's almost like much
of a human I went one time alone with
restin and I was on the court shooting
and says oh yeah yeah then I was on
there for the intros like the Jazz
high-fives nose ring goal steer ha ha ha
yeah the last time we went to one sort
of walk it's been a while but it was
like during the same time of year which
is kind of crazy yeah they always play
around this time yeah so it's really fun
so I think I think the boys are packing
babysitting yeah oh the boys are
babysitting day honey
Aaron are gonna watch Noah for us so
we'll film for you do something you
wanna say what do I say he's been so
chatty can you say gain Oh what did I
have I'm saying just this again oh can
you say basketball team basketball oh
okay he was posed all the pictures today
at church of Jesus yeah and then before
we left we said save Jesus so we were
gonna drive it and decided I always
touch my nose when I when I film Sam
says I always you always touch your nose
now he's going like every time Jen
touches our nose oh I missed your nose I
just did that on purpose though I'm
doing I'm perfect now stop by the store
the boys are shipping stuff out right
now they know it just means to just see
some some space other than our house
yeah we're gonna go we're gonna get out
and let him see the guys for a minute or
two we need to talk people why is my
nose always it's you when I'm on camera
I think it's just like a nervous tic
like when you film because I do the same
thing I'm trying to think of what I did
my mistake I think I'm trying to figure
out what I do
I probably touch my dad or something
yeah we're gonna I want to talk to you
guys about the summer slash spring and
conventions but I'm not gonna keep
knowing the car any longer so maybe
we'll talk in the store maybe we'll talk
but it's important oh you want to get
out pink yeah you got it here I'll hold
it you say peace peace uh do you guys
see that there's a chip in the
windshield and it's getting worse I
think it was really small no I have to
take it in this week and maybe they'll
be able to fix it
you found a nice little throne
these gentlemen are hard at work serving
the great customers of trixin they live
here they do they have a bunk side
pullout system up there
wait five guys and that's it cut flip
why everyone wants to know why you hate
5:00 now you tell what what I might want
to now Oh be careful what did you think
this prize would be the bad guys no
don't say I wasn't broken it would be
different well I I mean you can see the
president's name well we went to
they didn't submit their normal price no
yeah so PI it was but I guess it's
better than five guys so what really
amazing everyone taste this I'm not a I
love five guys Tyler hate time guys why
no one knows line however it's the price
of five guys if it they were to say
price of McDonald's you'd like it it's
true that why you hate five guys yeah he
said that's why you spending twelve
dollars and a five guys when I could get
a full meal of all garden we've been on
the same price I was gonna let them
speculate like taste the price you know
it's like which one you really willing
to experience would be willing to
sacrifice for what I knew I feel like
you're walking to kitchen okay 30 bucks
for a burger and fries in the light yeah
you can mean Sam with the only time I've
ever had five guys I wouldn't even
finish up I guess we couldn't we gonna
agents the burbs the burgers are good
but it's later wonderful it's not not
okay verdict to Trent said that's why
you need a question of the day
McDonald's Five Guys shake shack and out
right and taste yeah whole meal and a
Steak and Shake never I've never been
there not East Coast
I think Shake sex better than any no no
use taking shakes ploy like one my time
the burgers are kind of interesting
they're not like I wouldn't get up his
burgers I just go there for like Frisco
milk shake yeah the shake is right you
know Morty's morning is that with some
more tea growing on me a lot actually
no I'll need important Oh Chris we've
been there
whoa he's up really high
Sam don't hurt our child yeah Bob your
head yeah you're way too cool dinner
potatoes steak lettuce water how is it
knowing ya you're trying to let him have
a taste I got a nice little date
tomorrow night with my lover
we're excited all right I said just
because I know he would really enjoy the
basketball game but it'll be more fun to
take him to one this is terrible
lighting I look like I'm 50 years old
you back further there you further back
yes good he's up saying fastball right
now I'm cest huge baby solutioning seems
huge ball and loop all day long so I
wanted to update you guys too about
little inventions as far as where we're
gonna be if we're going to certain ones
or not
first off March I think 25th and 26th is
CVX live we are planning on going I
would say there's still chance that we
may not be there only because if I
somehow go early which is unlikely right
now but could happen yeah well next week
so no yeah it's early
I'm due the weekend or the week and a
half after so that's an Utah CVX live
it's not that far away from us and
tricks in this partnered with CVX live
so it's gonna be a lot of fun we're
trying to get a lot more people out
there and that's kind of new so I'm
pretty excited yeah that's exciting
after that there's playlist live which
is in April which last year was in
February so
like I won't be able to go to that the
one in Orlando but this year we will
have a baby right before that so I'd say
it's a 50% chance that I will be there
because we do have right Jen's sister
that was Easter be coming out to help me
if Sam does decide to go whether or not
he goes or not if the baby's born like
really close to those dates I would say
I'm probably not gonna be there right
but that's like 2 or 3 weeks after our
due date so that's just like a normal
time for someone to go back to work
guess what that's another thing it's
like 50/50 today if you're feeling up to
it you'll be there if I fill it up to it
know if you're feeling up to I'm gonna
be there for you baby no I know I'm just
saying if we're feeling out okay if
we're feeling up to it he will be there
but just 10 so 50/50 me and the kids
will be home then there's VidCon which
is during Tyler's wedding so we will not
be there so we will not be there because
we are going to be at Tyler's wedding
we're gonna be in each other's wedding
dancing we're gonna have two babies at
Tyler's wedding yes that's great
Penelope and I will be there to see
Tyler and Hayley get married which is
crazy so that's a pretty good excuse not
to be at VidCon yes although it is sad
like we would have been at VidCon
otherwise but that would be there for
love our friends more than one guy their
wedding while you're here I don't even
know and that it doesn't know the dates
or anything no clue place I'm DC no clue
so there's a quick update I tweeted a
while ago I said you know he probably
will only be at CVX live this year so
I'd say probably see the except for sure
50-50 chance I'll be it 70
that's pretty high percentage I'd say so
me I know everything goes yeah and then
VidCon definitely not definitely not it
so come to Utah can't see the Exide with
it so there's a little update give a
date tomorrow night
pretty excited it's gonna be kind of
like a day date - I think we got to
dinner and stuff see you guys then oh
I'm Otis enough you're gonna be it any
of those conventions yes okay oh yes see
tomorrow
Garet if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood oh my gosh thank you
No
