ah good morning look at that we actually
got some snow
let's see how can I show you how much we
got there's a lot here's my hand pretty
high but it's like packing snow too I
wasn't aware of this but we're gonna go
try and have a fun little breakfast
brunch lunch right now I know this is
like perfect like an outer like this one
oh yes we've had like a couple years i
mean i know most he's had used to be
like typical for every right this is how
much last time I feel that saw this
Mishnah was like probably freshman year
of college daga listen no he wants to I
favorite those on the snow clings to the
treatment yeah I'm mother and like it's
like fareal soup I don't look what
you're pretty the temple looks above the
snow wow so distracted driving ktv
there's so much snow we've got poopy in
the car we've got no in the car and
we're going to get some perms how's it
going no one fitting dark pretty good
some herbs for breakfast no lunch side
breakfast or lunch how they kept
everyone calls and poopy yeah it was
like oh my gosh it's I know
thanks guys making that nickname so damn
big day like who r hat about are you
staying at all I prefer buzzed overhead
going up David's nickname what does Jen
call you buzzed I never i ever since I
remember mom finds it was yesterday oh
no you're gonna turn here who yesterday
I'm turn your side David my dad my dad
he was all nicknames growing up but he
was buzz for summers I don't even know
where buzz came from you were jinke but
Dave matsukaze buzz Matt cause Matt's
though he's the only one that caused
sighs dad probably got no dad Dave now
how is that I've always called Dave for
some reason it doesn't sound weird when
I say to him growing up no what do you
call David baby oh wow oh yeah my
nickname my dad always called me jinke
which I hated but now it's just grown me
i Justi BG lazy bee gees yeah she's
relative ya mehdi and anime i am but or
my dad called me Jenny he's the only
person to ever have called me Jenny I
only say Jenny when I'm really mad at
you
no or you're just being silly oh come
over okay I take it back up and
sometimes the others change that
circumstance whatever yeah its own ice
skate rink I wonder if it can we open
soon I don't know but a meal over
tomorrow the day we went we all went
there last time we saw a dudes playing
ice hockey and then they made their own
over there well they make they make over
and over there don't worry was like in
the middle of sleep I hope that maybe
they'll put some water over it right
there yeah it's right there we've had to
go around cuz sometimes he's like a
little bit usually this blocked off
there's tons of snow yeah and if it's
bad people like slide each other yeah
that we don't we skip that one today oh
my gosh there is so much snow yes it's
just like porn from the trees wow it's
like Narnia
holy smokes
oh my god
that was gonna be a food montage for
that but it was just too good matsing
through the audio we finally got her
food we've been here for like an hour
and half waiting no it's been a very
good patient boy the food looks really
good where's your where's your little
Noah's been singing the whole ride home
school just made a face like babies like
filthy owls or the Howell smiling coyote
honestly you're so good at singing oh
man you're just an ulcer singer the
voice here you come this American Idol
is not happening anymore good singing
well two hours later and we're out of
the terms took a lot longer than we
thought it would is delicious just took
forever guys check it out we got
matching shoes on today got our Jordan
for green glows father and son if you
guys remember it goes our second or
third maybe birthday home with Noah and
Alex dubois El Padrino sent us some
shoes for Noah yeah I took snow above
shoes okay that's a first mile I've seen
it was amazing he won't be able to rock
these so later but did he game shoes huh
oh my gosh this is the ones that I were
when he was born
it is kind of cold it's getting colder
but I really wanted to show Noah
something cuz we got a lot of snow last
night and the snowplow made the biggest
mound of snow that I've ever seen made
by it snow plow right here he's huge
base always this growing up I lived in a
circle miss nepal men would always plow
the snow in a circle so we always had
these huge sports to climb on but look
at how big this is this is ginormous
here's me for scale it's big yandex wit
remember Samus 61 62 and a good day
hey what are you guys doing out here I
need to sleep in the snow are you
sleeping in this no don't be I wish it's
so deep look at dr. why it's up to my
knees almost up to my knees I don't
think I can go out there and that's no
it's great snowball snow and snowman
snow that is so deep that is OD know
what oh there's tio
oh hi I was going to push him I'll so
push dad he's trying to clean you off
he's worth being nice buried alive how
you get out of there think it's em go
inside we need to get some hot chocolate
or something he's blowing the big chunks
off to you oh so bedtime bedtime we
usually do a little bit of like tag team
I'd say Jen does most of the work while
I'm the Jester and entertainer the
distraction and it is we as Jen used to
say when we were dating we make a great
team so anyways um I started to give
Noah a head massage while he gets all
his lotion and Jamie's on bugger sucked
out and his reaction is usually quite
hilarious and cute hey do you want a
head massage get your hair all nice it's
Holly cocky
hey Sasha said again thank me
about here
okay hi hey yeah he's massaging my neck
right now yeah Jen's getting a head and
neck massage he didn't really do it
because he saw the camera so well we'll
have to secretly set it up next time
because he literally just like lays back
closes his eyes and he's like wow the
best hug right now that is a pretty good
hug if I do say so myself hey Sam about
to go to bed ah gotcha my hero say
goodnight everyone I'm going to bed what
is that do you think he's doing no
doesn't work that way he defeated a
peace sign alright peace hey oh oh in
the new aunty hey hey you say all right
good night everyone peace peace good
yeah I fine here is that yeah my name is
not mind although we heavily influenced
him especially cuz he loves watching
other videos she's in my hip another
snowy day another winter day we're ready
for warmer weather although I do I did
love this now to understand though that
PJ Penelope has grown quite a lot
recently yeah like recently she's I feel
her in my entire stomach at the same
time at the same time Cecily come here
she's been kicking in my all the way to
and then I feel her up here as well so
she's she's stretching her legs
full-size baby now growth spurt Jen's
going through a growth spurt the
full-size baby so like nine ten weeks
ugh I know pendrick so Mike she's a
thing yeah she's a little like yeah wow
it's like oh man like oh you're pushing
hard on my hip no no I kicked a ton like
he was a mover kicker do you feel like
she's similar is it like a different
experience why can't I
I can't remember as well but I'm like I
feel like she moves more really well i
cant rember I'm sure she's moving the
same about that Noah did mmm but she's
gonna be a wiggly one as well pilot the
putter in dance or soccer or something
too Wiggly babies all of our babies are
me we'll see though we'll see I mean
that could just be coincidence is all of
our children why honest I wasn't well
behaved not that no is not but well
behaved shy gentle child aren't you I
don't know I don't think any of our kids
will be that way though why not maybe
when they're like four or five we'll see
prediction videos thing hey Lisa you say
all right good night everyone peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood guys I can't
get over this site I feel like a
permanent scowl right now I know yeah
relax that for you mmm that's those
areas like overlapping is faces knows I
know look at that skin early who grow
into it though so precious
