good morning guys whoa don't worry I'm
putting makeup on today whoa kiddo how'd
you get that someone found Sharpie 1.4
Noah's negative points for mom for that
one okay the back way um we've been up
Annette for a while Sam was working
really late into the night with the guys
trying to get like all the designs ready
for the for spring and summer and
picking out fabrics and colours and that
takes a long time I don't I remember him
like waking me up with like a kiss and I
was like whoa I like freaked out session
was awful um idea what time that was
that so he was probably really like so
he's been resting take him yeah kiss um
and no and I have been running errands
and I forgot to even film when we were
getting here and doing like our shopping
stuff but it's probably for the better
because I was trying to you know when
you go out shopping with a toddler it's
like yeah your step down but we try to
keep them happy so it's really and
somehow you end up home with a freaking
ball because you let them carry it
around the store and then you forget
then you just swipe it through the
checkout let me like that ha anyway now
I just need to calm down
good morning YouTube fan today we are in
the store there's a lot going on a lot
of changes a lot of exciting things
going on we've actually been working on
a documentary Tyler's been hard at work
probably like eight to ten hours a day
filming it and right now we're about to
get some extra shots Sam and I as you
know we're in scouts and we've been
helping with the Pinewood Derby and we
thought it was on saturday turns out
that they changed the day and forgot to
put us on the email so Papa Derby is
tonight and i also have when my very
good friends baby shower tonight they
have been waiting for this little baby
for so long so we are so so so excited
I'm so excited she's due um in like a
month so it's really really exciting
she's having a little girl as well but
I'm trying to decide if i wanna bring no
with me horse henan with Sam Sam's me
pretty busy setting up the track and all
that stuff tonight so i might bring him
with me we'll see anyways i wanted to
what the camera out to show you kind of
the goodies that i got her in case and
you guys are pregnant and want to know
something i like my what i say my holy
grails newborn products and just baby
products I look on the registry to make
sure I got some of the stuff in there as
well okay you want to help me show okay
what do we get these were just on her
registration she needs some milk storage
bags so we got some of those oh yes and
then what else did we get
yes hey yeah gripe water good job we got
some gripe water if you guys have been
around if you guys have been around
since Noah was born this gripe gripe
water saved many of our nights because
he just could not that it just was
really hard for newborns to use their
their little bodies so gripe water so
that this isn't the brand that we
normally get but Walmart was all out and
so what's just somewhere else and this
was the only brand they really had that
looked good so we got some gripe water
it's all the same you know it's just
ginger and other stuff to settle the
bubble oh and now we got some but that
is holy grail if you have a newborn get
ripe water especially if you sit there
crying a lot at night after they've
eaten it's because their tummies can't
digest it um okay what else oh yeah we
got some aveeno baby lotion we got these
were on two registers are some ma'am
newborns Tassie's which I would have put
no on but he just got started anyone's
I'm gonna stick with those we got some
aqua aqua for sorry i just realized the
camera lens is really smudgy echo um
what I was about to say was that I have
tried so many diaper rash creams and the
only two worked for us oh we're showing
the outfit okay will show in one second
um the only thing that really worked for
us was the honest brand diaper cream if
you want like a like actual cream cream
the honest brand one love love so much
and then our other like go to that we
also really love is just aqua for this
stuff I put this if he's like red or
irritated or has any sort of any kind of
rash or his cuts or if he scratched
himself or something this like high
heels everything this heals everything
case with her oh yeah English okay show
the outfits now okay hold is up and hold
up and talk about it
yeah yes yeah yeah perfect we know what
okay Sam's mom um swore by these in num
like the little yeah nighties a little
long sleeve 90s for newborns he's like
loving this he said wanted to explain
everything two guys mislabeling anyway
um they were the best thing ever at
nighttime because you just slide up
their legs change your diaper you don't
have to like I'm button or unzip and
like make them all cold sorry phone
camera space so they have so many
different varieties and so got some of
those for her and I think that's the
last thing oh no some there are some
pasi wipes I love these when I like was
out and about with him just know you
like to have things now I just use just
regular wipes if you like get something
dirty but these for newborn I loved
especially for their passes and the
classing infants tylenol this is the
only pain reliever that works for Noah
did I show those do we show the teething
tablets I don't know if we did but we
still use teething tablets a holy grail
forever you ask anyone and they'll shine
number one thing don't get the job the
gel doesn't really work I don't think
two tablets are the best time they help
your alley teeth huh what are you doing
child okay thanks for helping show all
the stuff you were such a good little
Vanna White that name thanks Bobby one
last thing we're at walmart and we were
in like the baby aisle and we found
potty topper things I don't want to get
an actual party because they kind of
grossed me out I really don't have to
put out poop because that's I feel like
in my eyes cleaning the poop out of the
toilet is worse than cleaning the dirty
diaper I don't know what dish and for me
it just is more it's worse for me I'd
rather change his poopy bum so we just
got one of these just for fun to get him
used to the toilet Smith's marketplace
and Logan has like so many like harder
brand things and like so many cute
clothes and I just die every time I'm in
there and I get sucked in and then it's
just like a vortex of cute baby clothes
especially little girl clothes now
because all I think about is PJ and
pressing company dresses and frills and
fun stuff so I saw this really cute
dress and I had to buy it I did I'd I
bought it but it's for an 18 month old
because I really thought it'd be so cute
to see her walking around in this oh she
should be lost my two months i'm pretty
sure he mean he's 18 months right now
this will be like this is no one right
now PJ will be wearing that outfit PJ
knows age right now so Sam's got an
editing buddy he was watching the blog
so usually when i try to edit with him
though he's like trying to touch the
screen because he thinks everything's a
touchscreen yeah or the keypad world so
he's been really good you being a good
guy you might edit partner oh I just
love the way he's sitting on your chest
for that little arms right now or off to
my friend's baby shower i'll try to get
like a clip or so but i don't know we'll
see yeah hey yeah hey inside to give her
her present oh oh yeah how about the
camera yeah Sam's currently setting up
at the Pinewood Derby and uh hopeful
that all get set up smoothly so hey yeah
gimme kiss steal one anyway oh oh man so
today's been kind of crazy hectic busy
at a meeting this morning Jen went to a
baby shower tonight which she didn't
film there's like some things that you
just you know you just don't film out of
privacy for the people and just out of
respect for them you know so she went to
baby shower and then I had to go set up
the Pinewood Derby track grab Noah go
back to the Pinewood Derby it was just
kind of crazy right now I'm back in the
store and I thought it'd be fun to give
you guys a tour because the store here
is actually opening up pretty soon you
might say but wait I thought you already
had a store or what happened to the
other store let me tell you we were
actually in a space this way and
that way but then this one opened up and
it's a lot nicer their cross from the
buckle which isn't quite the footlocker
but it will do I have a scratch on my
forehead personally I think the space is
a ton nicer it's bigger it's better
there's better space to pack and have
storage and it just looks nicer Logan
Casey and Derek put a ton of work into
this and I think it looks great so I
thought I would give you guys a quick
tour this is the door it's currently
closed because the mall is closed this
is the front display window there's
Tyler and a picture that Jenica took got
these real-life mannequins this is
actually my camera I had that with me
when I lived in the Dominican Republic
donated it because I don't use it
anymore got this cool little poster and
different displays you got the girl
designs over here some I wind breeze hat
girls stuff we have some crew necks over
here another display mannequins thing
set up this is kind of like a tribute to
the original store that Shay's grandpa
had it was called the Union so we
created a union line which is very
simplistic give them like hoodies these
are actually some of the original shirts
that they sold at the store these aren't
for sale but just on display so we kind
of created a line to pay tribute to all
that and Tyler to worked a lot on that
it's pretty cool this is one of my
favorite parts of the store some of you
guys might be like whoa I work jet arrow
is an aeropostale I can never pronounce
it correctly this was an aeropostale at
one point so this might look familiar to
you if you worked at one but anyways we
set we set up the hats and some shirts
designs here I love how the shirts are
kind of in here it's almost like under
like a concert you know when you go to
concert and they have them all on
display and you can be like that's the
one I want this actually I think opens
up it's like a secret door this is new
to the tricks in store these are socks
by olga
a roomie collaborating with a lot of
different creators and having some of
their stuff in our store so that's kind
of a new thing it's pretty cool got some
more shirts more display a lot of these
photos are photos that Jenica took
actually there's Jenica there's less in
the gran fondo just different photos
from all the different events that we've
participated in different displays hats
some more Union hoodies zip ups got some
of casey's hush stuff at the caricature
drawing that's kind of scary that Ash a
casing Logan got done in New York I
think in x squared got some more photos
in your pictures in this store too just
so you guys know they're you know we
also have this hat displayed over here
which is pretty cool we're starting a
new signature wall because the other
signature wall is completely filled
there's no more space here's the
checkout area which glows I think this
is a lot nicer these are for sale these
posters this is kind of what we're
really focusing on in 2016 is all about
supplying creative supply the creative
you also have this area those are the
bags that people get when they buy
things here at the store there's kind of
like a behind the scenes behind the
counter the cash register we have the
guitars that Gibson made us for the
tricks and Gibson party that we had at
VidCon those are pretty cool it's kind
of like a hush display over here the
dressing rooms is kind of messy right
now we're still getting cleaned up and
organized but missile storage area you
have miss rustenburg gentech that photo
Jen take this one too done took most of
them in here there's Logan that train is
not moving here is the part of the store
that is usually closed this is where all
the magic happens
this is where we do Tyler he's not alive
ever he sleeps up there for the
mannequin arms shout out to Tim Deegan
oh I missed him don't you missed him
don't every time that Tim likes a photo
or something on Instagram and Twitter
I'm like I love Tim so listen to people
work of everybody like Oh everybody only
says good things about that person Wow
dad say about ten vegan new teams Chewie
the kinks or so this is like the
shipping area these guys are hard at
work but there's some packages going
down storage stock and ironing board
hoodie stuff come on girl yeah wow
that's Danny worse and then there's
bathroom another stuff over there so
yeah there is a quick store tour there's
anything else that you guys want to see
let me know oh yeah there's TVs there's
a TV up there TV up there TV there and
the TV there and that's where we play
your guys of YouTube videos sometimes
will feature creators during the week
will put their YouTube videos our own
YouTube video is not likes amika
necessarily but tricks and videos and
it's kind of cool we have a lot planned
for 2016 that I'm really excited about
the union line is going to be on sale
tomorrow / today when you're watching
this for the first and maybe only time
ever this stuff because we are kind of
reopening the store soon so we're doing
a sale online and then later in the
store that is going to be today I
believe if it is today I'll put a link
in the description but if you guys are
looking for a discount on that stuff I
think it's gonna be I can't remember the
percentage but it's gonna be like the
only time it's on sale I also know
everything else will be on sale but that
stuff specifically has never been on
sale so that's kind of cool it's a
celebration of the reopening of the
store one day on me I think it's today
Sam got me out of bed so we qua a close
together ya know go to bed spent a
little time together it's the weekend
now and tomorrow should be a fun day and
will be you guys have a fun weekend too
you'll never eat if you choose soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood dude I
mama I do like me the bathtub but
sometimes you just don't get me one fast
enough mom
