hold on dad cool dudes
all right morning morning drills let's
go go go go go go go Jen's making him
run sprints it's like mom I think I've
run enough all right for breakfast we've
had two bananas some yogurt and now
we're having a fruit lunch this kid eats
more than I do you eat more than I do
Noah but you probably healthier than I
do so that's good and you're still
skinny like I mean you're a big kid but
he's mobile
no roles that's serious really how to be
like big fat rules just uh yeah leave
those muscles flex you flex
anyways I am off to a meeting right now
it's kind of exciting we have some fun
designs that we're looking at we're
gonna talk about decide which ones we're
gonna go with for summer and then some
for spring and Jenn worked out this
morning Zumba
let's see 29 weeks pregnant let's get a
belly shot still working out Zumba but
that's motivation for anyone that's like
I don't want to do anything today I only
go twice a week I should probably it's
better than zero times a week love you
both have a good lunch no you need to
clean up your mess
Hey Dude what's up I'm back I'm back my
man what you been up to
looks like you've been cleaning out the
house good did you say good his
vocabulary is definitely starting to
expand more I guess it's learning the
basics
yesterday he kept saying yes and okay
and water so we're getting there we're
getting there ba so uh pasa we still
don't know any Spanish yet though no no
I can you say hola dope I had to grab
the camera because Noah just put his
head on and you started doing what I was
saying we were like sin there's our arms
crossed like bobbing our heads and so we
got a hat something for Mom dude you got
two hats on now much more net two hat
here hold on dad cool dudes full germs
Noah yeah Bob your head she closed her
mouth
oh yeah cool dude
and above your head like a cool dude
it's
right what'd you say I couldn't hear you
over the sound we've been watching a ton
of junk dude perfect idea to send one of
them to the going on and that's we
didn't like his favorite water
Thursday's two dollars a game man shoes
for my school save money right right
laces your bike five are you excited
yeah he's excited here goes down baby
you gotta use two hands
remember on the video warm-up use both
hands
you can go right after dad okay I've got
to take turns
hey baby she wants to go bury one once
again with our daughter Leslie dangers
days that they said dog and the second
also look everyone changes Matthew - ah
there he goes got her excuses excuses
he's so excited
I take turns oh okay dad's gonna help
you throw it okay
yeah yeah no oh he's gonna spare clothes
okay now it's Logan's turn
two three
look at that no uncle DJ know what oh my
gosh that was this teaches us patience
yeah do not have and to take Derek a
trap the way he holds it is just sort of
you
yeah high five hey give me a high five
high five
okay oh oh wait wait 93 feet maybe we
should haven't put the bumpers up for
you hey hey thanks tonight it made it
with pen yeah paint pen
dad dad saw it and it was like ya know
dad saw it was like who made that for
you I was like I made myself he was like
nope who made it for you it's like dad I
made it myself
he's like no where'd you take it again
who may look good and I was like dad I
drew it I didn't really read straight
hey Niners in a play that first strike
didn't count it's good I wasn't in the
vlog no Logan just gotta get her going
oh so the first strike didn't count
you did say I've never happened again I
think you jinx yourself
there goes clothes I do miss the
strategies much step first I need to
shoot amateur I just missed the strike
okay no you're changed you know it Sam
just Chuck's the ball for him
okay wait for your ball
my final score 166 because I could not
get a strike when the cameras on all
those other ones ah dang it
the last time I bowled was when we were
in Park City they had all those TVs
remember I'm going to the CrossFit event
and then before that I can't remember
last time we used to go bowling in high
school though and we just had like a
bowling through some friends it was fun
guys there we go
Wow
like the other day my friend tweeted out
and he said that McDonald's has the best
burger in town because they have this
new create your taste thing and I was
like how's that possible best burger in
town for real so today we're gonna test
it out this is where you order we're
going to make our own burger okay guys
this it looks like McDonald's everything
this is what I got right there you can
see what I ordered
got the burger pickles like nice peppers
look a little interesting everything
looks a little bit interesting there's
Jen's I will do a taste test now like
toddler I heard him blogging before the
presentation is great for McDonald's
right the branding boss I got si Racha
Mayo so it's like very catered to me
this is very catered to me
shoutout to Dane Jeff's
just eat it I think it's a good good
thing if you're in a pinch this in like
an airport Elling this is a question
though would you rather pay for that or
two double cheeseburgers no our fat guys
oh I will never get a five guys again
unless my guys like no thank you Dan
first of all I just want to apologize
you knew that we run it south what do
you say number one I really should get
my hair cut probably tomorrow
number two the burgers really good for
McDonald's not the best burger I've had
in the city but it was kind of a fun
experience and I probably tried again I
can't like just decide off of one
experience especially because it could
vary from location to location although
probably shouldn't because of the
McDonald's but like a 7 7.5 which i
think is kind of high it's been a busy
day it's been a busy week and tomorrow I
have a lot to do as well so I'm going to
bed I'll see you guys then if you tried
the burger thing the Bilderberger would
you think did you like it do you not
like it
what was your favorite part what would
you change see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you got understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood meaning this for
Turkey I won't get it for the camera
Turkey I mean don't tell his life
quarter-inch dork
oh you might get it oh come on babe
