it's a big
some days we are better I fix some days
we are better bloggers than other dice
better vulgar sigh sound like someone
that's like trying to speak with an
American accent yeah so yesterday which
is today I'm just as a preface to
today's look I feel like we were just
running around with our heads cut off
like chickens you should i do a pretty
good job explaining what we're doing
that day but i just some days I just
forget so all the clubs are kind of
thrown together right here I hope you
enjoy it i added a couple subtitles kind
of it was a fun day it was exciting
we're just hopping around to think the
thing to think the thing and sometimes
it's hard to pull the camera out but
this is what happened
so chiclet you like how friendly they
are sometimes orzo look too friendly
right hey what are you doing with your
day today what are you gonna move up to
and it's like yo yo yo I understand it's
a job I just came downstairs and
everyone was gone I'm like where did
they go ready for sauces dragons at your
place ask oh good one got some food dude
I told Noah but I think it's time I
teach them spanish right we're gonna
work on our Spanish can say hola say
hola
I think they just pulled up I think Noah
has a little surprise for me wait and
see Hey ah what'd you get you want your
speed you got me some juice thanks Bobby
did you get some juice too e juice yeah
I don't know he says juice these don't
you get oh you got some juice ok yeah
sometimes you just gotta have a little
treat yo self brick foo goodness I
matter your lovely Mary Ellen stuff but
I have a hard time just sitting and
watching mickey mouse play house number
yeah it's true hi snot-nosed phi i love
you take a picture puzzles
go
but you get there smokey bubbles great
dropping jen off with week is this okay
too soon Jen let me tell you guys
something I'm just gonna let me just
stop driving for one second tell you
something jen is a very nice person she
had her visiting teacher showed up I
don't know if she knew if they were
coming and she had to leave in that
moment to go to her doctors appointment
but she's just so nice and sometimes
just like I don't know she's funny she's
didn't even tell him she had a doctor's
appointment that she had to go I had to
come down and be like hey don't you have
to go to your doctor's appointment cuz
she just feels bad sometimes especially
when people are trying to do nice things
so I just rushed her here and I got no
with me taking no into those
appointments is just like hectic and
crazy so since they're just kind of
routine right now and I don't
necessarily have to be there um i just
kind of drop her off and then she goes
and lets me know how it is everything's
going well i think if things were more
serious like we were concerned about
something i would definitely be there
with her right now okay I'm back on the
doctor it was pretty quick they just
checked her little heartbeat and my
blood pressure everything and everything
well dirty everything's looking good and
sounding good and today is aunt Rachel's
birthday so we're gonna call facetime or
watch that working happy birthday oh
here she is ready no one ready now I
we're gonna sing wait I'm your pot oh
wait why are you paused happy birthday
I dear Rachel happy matter who you
Oh vivo kisses she's 21 today boo kisses
21 how is that great take it your own
Tony over how's Rachel are you doing
birthday say happy birthday CNT racing
happy birthday say have you have your
birthday happy happy birthday birthday
oh it's cold up here back I'll be right
back i miss you 12 seconds later
a few moments later who is that yeah um
no one I just got from bat from indoor
play place and it was really good oh
yeah he did too bubbly to fun places are
becoming spoiled no way this is more
spoiled for mom because he entertains
himself really I was my friend Tara and
it was really good time when she has a
cute little boy you is just so fun I
think we're gonna get together on friday
or something and hopefully i remember to
film because the kids are so cute and i
just forget every time particular us huh
yeah you boys are really cute too we xq
oh so cute um okay what what's that what
is that look a big bag of lettuce come
after throw out the other yes wow look
at that play of Salman Salman there's an
Ellen salmon so I called it's almond um
we're having salmon tonight and Sam is
cooking it up cuz he cook salmon the
better ones in fruitball okay Oh pinko
pulled the whole thing out and that's
that I promise that tomorrow will be
much better i know that because I've
already filmed it actually just put noah
down to sleep and i'm so exhausted from
the past 48 hours that i passed out as
well so tomorrow's vlog will be a little
bit more organized and a little bit
longer i've been doing some longer bugs
for you guys though like 12 13 14
minutes usually in for around 10 today's
a little bit different hope you're okay
with that right Jen right Jen's really
working on a lot of stuff for the new
place dark curtains blinds no permanent
non-permanent we're painting the house
black
know where I am yeah just trying to find
a better solution something a little bit
more elegant but not expensive it's just
not a purple sheet over the curtain or
the I can't even talk I should probably
go to bed see you guys tomorrow peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood or
does the dr say what he says
