that's daddy ah babe we have this same
footage of Noah oh gosh whoa oh dude all
right mr. Everest whoa like that bud oh
okay great ah no a gray penguin sliding
on the snow diz on his belly and so the
Penguins do at least in the movies
I woke up like this what come on I am so
jealous of that volume like look at my
hair I will go back down here we are
watching some dude perfect videos this
morning Noah loves dude perfect
instructors lotsa and and Devin
Supertramp and we were also watching a
cool trick videos and now I'm on no
we're gonna go to the library come on
now look good if I guess super mama well
I'm saying this new thing where I'm
going to curl my hair once in a while
wow so this is from Sunday's here i will
good idea what is up everybody i've been
running errands right now i actually
just dropped off our security check and
also the check our money for them to run
a background check on us background
checks always make me laugh i don't know
why but it's kind of cool the place
where i dropped it off there is a sign
company over here and they make you know
this huge electronic signs at USC and
sometimes when you drive by at night you
can just see this whole back area
glowing because they're testing all the
signs it's kind of cool right now this
sign is obviously going through some
interesting Tet tests what kind of what
language is that French you guys would
now that's a car so it's kind of cool to
see them run through all the tests and
things before sending about I'm driving
like three miles per hour through this
parking lot don't worry there's no one
here and here is cool thing to inside
the office I think these people like
built or designed or owned the
stratosphere in Vegas because they have
signs and things and pictures and
posters and banners all over the place
it's kind of cool for the door hi bye
are you happy to be outside whoa I think
that's yes this kid's been testing my
patience today we'll just say that it's
been fussy all day long I can't handle
it so we're outside now get some fresh
air I think Sam's gonna push him around
and or pull them around in the little
sled the baby sled wearing my new gloves
I've never had my own pair of snow
gloves and I've lived in Utah for like
five or six years now likewise say I'm
just rigged up Oh actually put the GoPro
on the split very nice babe very nice no
you're so cute
maybe not too fast hahaha and that oh
man this is so funny
we don't leave the camera it's so pretty
out tonight down I want to ride in that
thing Your Honor I will not offend that
I you really pull me he's a damn minute
what I'm scared I'm you know me Kimmy
bitch man and I got you yes i will look
at you fit put your feet up can't go
chief fast gotta keep the baby safe oh
you you dropped the camera again maybe I
don't need to go to basketball yeah your
pee now good workout workout one arm
again hey
gopro's and protective cases are
phenomenal cameras for little kids he
feels like he's like part of us not too
cold out here right yet I guess a little
bit cold in about 20 minutes Sam is
gonna get hit the other sled I know the
handle broke when you guys were going
down I guess down this little mound of
snow good good packing snow snow urine
oh I could like make up uh-huh yeah hold
on Oh be careful babe don't put your
feet on it though just put your bum on
it I'm gonna break it I said no no don't
stand babe babe babe you have you have a
child on the way and you have another
child already out and you're breaking
the sled completely you're breaking this
led with your big feet I don't want to
buy another one work out for you good
job okay mush baby mush you owe me a
ride okay I was fooling me oh my budgets
got wet I need to buy invest in some
snow pants I think I don't own any snow
pants either oh gosh oh my gosh don't do
it anymore you're gonna break something
I need to commit more really babe it's
like it's like a hole right there you're
sort of dive right into the hole let me
save you my son don't pull his gloves
off though put your hand up I can't lay
down he'll lay down ready that's really
good yeah that's a good slide yeah thnkx
wears no pants whoa whoa dude all right
mr. Everest ah no a great bigone sliding
on the snow is on his belly that's what
the Penguins do at least in the movies
he's going backwards don't go too fast
baby is that fun yeah you got me this
now babies like wall more MORE again you
want to go again okay what a good dad
you have Noah prance daddy Prince what
brands happy for him
Oh dad they had me the break okay go
take it to Trish I'm coming no no no
blanket go walk come on let's go go give
it to her oh no no pick it up go right
over to Trish butter hurry co Coco as a
Christmas present like this was Venus
knocking ah I got one of Sam's VHS is
his mom sent of this like first year of
life turn into a DVD but it took forever
we're just now getting it so oh no I
think no dropped a pomegranate Sita Oh
got it yes we're gonna wait and have a
reaction video but we can still do it we
can still do I can still watch it with
you guys but look at this so literally
it says Sam's first day at home it's a
my dad's voice listen to it youth my dad
sounds so like young and different
uh-huh put that I'm just doing the title
oh I'm just doing the title it almost
sounds like me because this is Sam's
first video first video all the oh oh my
gosh Sam happy brick you think are you a
birthday dinner look at your mom look at
you when you have yeah
oh look and see DJ could look like that
yes a for the audience we got weird to
cos like no one's gonna see videos of
right now and like me sake oh look at
you oh my gosh right go back go back I
was so cute look at know it that's daddy
ah baby we have this same footage of
Noah isn't that crazy look at you Oh
church ok hi daphne was it for Grandma
or you'll just be crazy I feel like I
can look at you ok Pippa and olive look
at your dad ok hi Sam oh baby Sam oh my
goodness is footage wow yeah you look
nothing like knowing he when you were
really good TV show others my best look
at you oh there's the shaggy dog oh yeah
I daddy's gonna put it back on ok no
it's really enjoying seeing it wow the
whole shaggy dog
narrative you choose soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood
