this area that works that works right oh
yeah guys with this my whole like new
schedule thing going on like being gone
a lot in the evenings now for church the
kids I don't know they just like know
something's different and they have not
been sleeping very well
which is really cute baby like what's
going on and then PJ eivin know what's
going on with her but it took her like
over an hour to fall asleep last night
so anyway that's what kind of nightmare
PJ only had an hour nap today because I
woke her up at 3:00 because I was like
no you only sleep until 3:00 because if
you go past 3:00 then your whole night
is just it's just too much sleep for her
now
would you say I wished she would just
fall asleep on time at like 12:30 or
1:00 but sometimes he does but lately
she's done so but today besides all that
um we're gonna help head over to Erica's
house I'm just gonna ride my bike over
to her house and we're gonna make for
tonight and she was like if you have
cookie cutter bring it and I was like
leave don't forget any is that banana oh
my gosh
I find weird things all the time from
Penelope um I don't think I have any I
used to have an ornament and I'm gonna
cookie laughing know what I don't that's
okay then we're gonna paint them we're
gonna bake them were like actually
making ornaments we're gonna bake them
and paint them and I think it'll be
really fun
she's like no they have watched just
with me for like a hundred times and
they still want to watch it every single
day okay let's go we're gonna go over to
her house we got to go first part is
always getting this out back no it was
so cute and just asked sissy if she had
a good nap no it's probably it's a
beautiful day today I must say it's
wonderful having living in the same
neighborhood Zarin cut because I can
just ride my bike to her house I can
walk to her house - but reindeer
this is Noah's foot this is uh this is
Olivia's foot is this gonna be the whole
I think I feel like your heels gonna be
too thin negatory too thin I mean it
will be okay just like a little bee mine
and made Norman that's how I did it that
- that's really good
whatever that we're good sorry let me
know your heel is gonna be a little bit
as we paint it we've managed to get Noah
I don't Liz yes okay now we're gonna try
put PJ's over here
see if it works hey PJ ready let's see
that pops it fitted me
okay Oh her heel thingy just area that
works that works right oh yeah I know it
looks
Iroha troll hey we're doing good okay
Erica's vlogging
next up you squared y squared log comm
hook it up just kidding Noah let me see
your Christmas tree Christmas ornaments
in color
he chose the placement of all his jewels
and buttons PJ's making one love it with
a professional glue gun ur over here not
forgetting Erica she's very into
coloring right now so she's gonna try to
color all the way around careful okay
show me how you're putting it on where
are you putting it up there that jewel -
oh we finally got smart I just had Erica
dab glue everywhere tuck better
it took this a while to think about that
one for you just to show you
a consumer sitting in a chair all day
day it feels I feel like the Willy Wonka
and the Chocolate Factory when they've
been oh oh my gosh no well that's not
okay yeah you apologize so she's giving
you a hug and kiss too
Sam's been busy busy busy today just
laying in bed all day I'm gonna turn
here and I'm actually working so so not
really but I just like ya wanna run
around a little bit
no make ourselves you know good I've
recorded a lot of it yeah you so
ornaments are still baking so I said
we're gonna go home eat dinner
let the ornaments cool because you can't
paint them right away it'll be like hour
before bedtime we're gonna paint them
and then come back yeah cool sweet you
having fun buddy yeah excuse me miss
excuse me guys every night someone ends
up in timeout
because of craziness and I know this
seems like I'm encouraging here and I
don't bite filming this but I want you
to show that that our life is not
peaches and roses and that's give out to
fall down okay all right you avoided
timeout miss let's eat keep everything
on the table
cold Passyunk pasta olives cucumbers
peppers and pasta just like a pasta mix
yeah bellos cucumbers and we're only
eating pasta today everybody's enjoying
it right you like the pasta yeah it's
better than the soil and I'm about to
drink for a month
the back slate tail I just like color
your foot and she started calling her
real foot
nope just her no ornament foot that's
okay it's gonna be an upside-down
reindeer on the tree cool but you're
talking I don't know what we were we
have you ever we were both fries all
this afternoon
Jesus should do a poem while she's doing
pink on her yeah it's true I don't know
that's what I'm hanging I can help with
this one I helped Noah finish this one
no I did it all by himself
good oh and look at her feet Oh PJs pj
went all purple and pink of course i
redid this nomin because know what kind
of uh went black let me go on our tree
they're so cute I like your guy just I
like the way the dotted her tree or
dotted her Dada
where are you Christmas you're wearing
no to us jammy
let's see you shut all these I'm
guessing already hanging up the
ornaments the bottom of our tree is very
bare that's because TJ pulls everything
on the eighth you do you help getting it
up yeah yeah we got I babe pull him down
so I'm planning for tomorrow not to be
stuck at the computer and to be able to
have some fun with the family and kids
I like barely ate today I didn't eat
until dinner because I was just busy and
we had a deadline to meet and trying to
get everything done yeah I uh I watched
this documentary about Soylent so I
ordered some today in case I'm ever in a
pickle again and I need some food I just
put one in the fridge I've heard it's
terrible warm I actually had some at
that convention if you guys saw a look
at this 400 calories there's actually a
lot of fun at my dad said he would try
it if there wasn't a lot of fat in it
but it has fat it is plant-based but is
produced with genetic engineering but
there are a lot of opinions coming out
right now about Soylent anyways it's
time for bed I will probably try one of
those for breakfast maybe I'll do a
little taste test let you guys know what
I think
there's this documentary I watched
though the guy only drinks that for 30
straight days and it can't be that
healthy for you it's the belief is that
it's like a food for the future that we
won't always be able to sustain living
off of the land well it's not dive too
deep into this also I think we're doing
the admin calendar on we started with
the last day when we should have the
first day I think so until that whoops
all right
time for bed see you guys tomorrow base
a pink movie any other movies now
