we couldn't find a basketball hoop disc
yeah I'm ready
hello there good people of the Internet
can you say hello to everyone can you
wave say hi jen is going grocery
shopping right now it is the morning and
i'm going to take noah hopefully to go
have some fun we're gonna look for an
unlocked Jim to go play in so wish us
luck no do you think we can find one Joe
and go play basketball ah well no luck
two seconds later for you guys about 30
minutes to an hour for us no luck no I
we had no luck buddy hey are you tired
he's like big sleeping back here I'm
driving whoa
oh we couldn't find a basketball hoop JJ
scary but we will play beat sports to
get our energy out this morning let's go
come on let's go away aah hey who else
is in there can I give it together I
think there's someone else in the tent
Noah look oh that kind of easy on me
okay guys so I couldn't find a gym that
was unlocked anywhere which is kind of
disappointing we need to get some energy
out so we are going to play beat sports
it's on Apple TV it's the first game
design for Apple TV it combines music
and sports together which is seriously
every time we play this you just earned
it isn't just rounded you saw how he was
with it the Cape started he's so excited
so we're gonna play get some energy out
here we go to okay two wins takes to the
championship we're good yeah wait it
means we did this eases beat sports goal
of having medium advanced all right okay
I are so that we're all match I got my
athletic pants on they're stretchy ready
or play on same time and you wanted to
play with I got it now Oh Oh kids beste
to hear about again Twitter's boom we
lose this
oh wait already slovo chase my name is
Gomez crack attack are you kidding me
where you get out first sure the reason
I lost I blame that the way I feel in
the very very very first round it's ray
a challenge all of you to a rematch this
is by the same people that did like
guitar hero and stuff so it incorporates
a little bit of a tennis with beets and
rhythm which David apparently has right
now ah just kidding bingo game come on
it's all about that hit gotta throw that
hit boom okay I don't celebrate too soon
you don't give you time to Vic your eyes
elbow oh gosh so he's playing table
tennis yeah it's me out yet yes no
you're ready to dance Jake it's over do
it
yeah I mean pulling our mess up one arm
muscle if you guys want to check out the
game i'll put a link to it in the
description you have an apple TV Your
Honor there we go crank this mr. score
oh you're dead really that's real ready
to buy text you later you'll reach
meaning sounds a lot like my in place
wit Oh everything that's alive right
technical savvy oh good Wow my dude dead
an hour ago yeah we were genuinely
worried about Tyler no I really was I
know you guys like call like glass I can
answer the phone no I was filming just
text back on your Apple watch that's
what you have yeah I could mix it up
send me a heartbeat yeah yes your semi
hard here relay it to my dad and then
he'll send it to me yeah I think that
was so I was worried about Tyler because
last night I got super hyped basically
we had some new designs coming in that
we're working with this really cool dad
named tyler and that's not me and I was
like super hype and I called him last
night he's like a sleep I mean who goes
to sleep then I can't find him this
morning because he's like working I mean
who works I feel like I was like getting
sick I was like super tires but I was
never really stick will get this morning
a splitting headache I slept all day
yesterday sometimes you can sleep too
much oh that thing yeah we're just gonna
look at some designs right now it's
going really well and I'm super excited
for you guys to see em all
hey guys up to since we got back from
Tyler time but we are here at Hastings
to look at books and walk around no it's
kind of have a Stephanie stepping out or
I got runny nose today and I don't
really want I think he wants me but
there's anything I don't really want him
together kids sick if it's a cold or him
get worse so I'm like let's just go wait
some books together huh we all reading
books at home and I thought it'd be fun
just a chill day so and daddy has to
Daddy sorry Sam has to work are there
just too many things to look at how many
things to look at huh he's so excited to
be here I want to try to find the books
with buttons and they make noise the
pictures like Star Wars one hour paw
patrol 1 i'm not sure where those are oh
is it a pig that's Olivia whoa a plane's
book look at it that's pretty cool huh
huh probably the last thing you'd want
to do is run twice with your toddler but
I'm doing pretty good he looks at a toy
then he puts it back bragging about
leaps any toys but that's okay he
doesn't know that even seen kijana bring
it back that's great great idea to put
things back Noah also said the word poop
today well changing his poopy diaper so
that's kind of hilarious oh my gosh the
spy gear makes you think of my niece
olive couple years ago for Christmas she
got a spike it and it was really cute
good good what is that you could put
back way back hey it's really funny
watching him she really doesn't do any
of his stuff animals he only sleeps with
blue dog using him play with blue dog
but he like finds I'm so interesting
whenever we're at a store and there's
likes of animals he thinks
our most odd thing he always goes for
the bright one like bright pink and the
sparkly mean mouse and stuff is it like
you oh is that how you wear it that is
how you wear good job did you find
necklace yeah wait your mom did you find
a Pokemon necklace I've ever put the
water in the colors and they're not over
no I was doing his first watercolor yeah
I'm times done some painting trying to
get the process down and kind of gets
confused water get water first and then
color and then paper see hey he's really
focusing now I know it's really like
he's kind of like water water but in the
color color and no try to see them no
paper good job dude hey good yeah that's
yellow can you get green wears green
Noah can you put in the green color Oh
close good job water oh you don't know
that that water's probably not very good
food just dip the paint brush water
color and then color I'm think for his
first time he did pretty good job I just
did tiny but he really did most of it
honey colored with France back here
somewhere what I really think he enjoys
though is just the water and putting the
water on the page so I really need to
find my friend has found um paintbrush
that you just put water in the paint
brush and you toward the page in the
page already like the color shows up
with the water you're not i mean i need
to find though so if you guys have any
links to where i can get one of those or
if you guys have them and like them
they're like water paint brushes with
the books maybe actually just google it
really just want to have a little family
out evening family out so family home
evening yes we did we might have Tyler
with us never get some ice cream that's
great it's not good now we have our
nightly routine what do we do to calm
down
hi you cute with your little knees and
socks we read we usually read books
color and watch what apple juice he's a
basketball basketball say yeah dude i
don't know i'm excited to say bball he's
a bball mad me Bob good job that's
you're really close alright so this is
usually what we do to calm down we watch
a little bit of basketball although he
gets hyped for a couple of minutes and
then you kind of sit was down never film
this late at night whatever sure we have
I just got a good little workout in I
got a good workout with my finger
sitting on the couch while I type on my
phone and on the iPad like the remote
button everything out tomorrow marina
yes i am and i hope you enjoyed spending
another day with us John's kind of get
stressed over moving but I'm going to
alleviate all that stress you will not
be stressed I will take care of put your
one whore mouth is good wow this is a
great angle yes vagrant I'm falling
asleep I'll see you tomorrow bye
you too soon I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood write it up look up my
alley figure here I'm on fire good job I
show me to have to get balloon today
look through the hall hi
good job bud hi
