good morning sweet world I'm Isaac from
Virginia and you're watching the samagam
blog oh whoa there's a spider van cebu
good morning sweet world we got a little
bit of snow just like people on the East
Coast but not nearly as much probably
got like an inch or two some of you guys
got like two three feet maybe four feet
I'm not sure any was I didn't make a
quick stop and help David out he's
actually sick now he thinks it's food
poisoning i think it might be what we
had the only reason why i say that is
because this stuff this ever here it's
kind of expensive to buy every time i
get sick i'm about to get sick or anyone
in our family for that matter we start
taking that and it's like the recovery
time is so much better I feel like
that's only reason why I got better so
fast so when got him some drinks a
little bit of ginger ale powerade some
crackers soup and hopefully he starts
feeling better here's our care package
got some gatorade or powerade pedialyte
ginger ale crackers medicine banana and
some soup done favorite noise pebbles or
walking outs now see we got a little bit
of snow people just a little bit that
actually looks pretty high right there
sup mr. high school I didn't know you
was that sick until this morning bad how
do you I never we had some sort of
evidence of it ya got take your little
brother oh oh goodness just go run
everything away yes cheese I've never
seen someone so excited for shredded
cheese Wow yeah I well did he say cheese
oh ok have a dangerous place for
downward dog can you say cheese I'm
cooking a little dancing pot roast check
looking good how is it Noah it's a
pretty good lunch if you ask me we're
having it for dinner as well i also got
our flowers which are looking beautiful
as ever oh hi you definitely add to the
beauty they look good look at these ones
are all blue yeah like how they bloom
more once they get their nourishment and
water like we said before if you guys
are looking to get some of those still
you can get twenty percent off promo
code Hyundai blooms I'll put the link in
the description again only we hadn't
noticed smell that over there you can
smell roses yeah they do smell good good
tailing about all right nice clean fight
and crunching no hitting disappointed in
you
oh it's just uh no Sam's back and pickle
right here ready I'll bash one to entail
got mad air Sam was jumping through the
through the air until like 10 hey hey
and a audio I'm about picker RT is right
now we're about to take the hottest
picture 2016 I want you to look at the
thief tell-tale great show my shoulder
shoes show the camera issues yeah boy
and no no it's just good of dejan and
his children
but in the world is going on here oh
hello welcome to welcome to the party
yes oh is that part of the picture no
they ditched on me good job dejan came
over no we're taking pictures will work
with you and to no it's okay he's a much
next generation you don't what to say I
can't believe I got you out of bed are
you racist oh so nice would you have to
fight hey that's not your team yeah k
Hong Jang is getting his picture with
his children it doesn't creepy or
anything no not even making one phase
see you I think we cite do you actually
make a face I might be cool dude Lucy
was your first half shows your post
would you do couples own what do you
mean do you like those shoes we can take
more pictures on it click click click
click click you guys are so cool does
look like a pooping on your squatty
potty by the way update how about you I
potty 1002 tonight like I said no need
to know do you got what anybody else
want to try it we might a coma trying
for a week till I can get baby was run
try it I feel like you enjoy it bought
it yes and squatty potty them no I mean
it's quite plain your general on my name
again the fresh course going play in
general like you would enjoy having a
small title all right ah come on budding
somebody wants to scare me Hey Judy whoa
who says a spider van cebu you ruined it
we were shot it oh he's done that he's
ever wanted first every long okay say
goodnight goodnight hi boy come fo get
that high five
hey guys we got a pretty good day today
church went pretty well no I didn't want
to go to nursery but he was good sat
next to us he was quiet he's listening
and doing more like of what we want him
to do man a what do you want to I told
no it's like okay come to mommy guys
class you have to be really good it's
getting more to the point that I'm like
maybe the next time we do fly like he
might actually be great I'm also
thinking like oh maybe like we should
give them a seat in leg strap him into
it I kind of regret never bringing his
car seat well they need to purchase a
messy but once they turn to you have to
give them a seat in with no so just kind
of become the new norm which I I'm like
I'm dreading digging my car seat on but
um oh we didn't want to watch yeah
probably bigger stroller than to to me
crazy this summer I because a stroller
lately like gosh we did doubles today or
like yeah hmm there's so many to choose
from how am I gonna do it endeavours
double stroller cuz this summer so PJ
will be here in April and that gives us
you know you don't want to like go
traveling a ton right away right when
they're born I'm sure we'll go somewhere
this summer exactly what I'm saying
we're gonna be going to tell you April
is it before April is April as before
enough I can't even speak English
anyways we'll still be able to go a lot
of places this summer because we're
definitely going to tell her in Hailey's
wedding obviously the crunchy house my
sister's country house and other various
events and things my family's having
like a 90 person family reunion and
we're all staying at the same house
which is huge so exactly kind of scary
how do you think about it cuz if one
person gets sick oh that's tiny people
getting sick yeah but anyways we can
talk more about the summer later it was
a fun day no I'm ready for summer now
how's David doing oh wait
no but I I told him this morning oh he's
much better he just aches all over he's
much better but he aches all over
prayers out to David gotta keep taking
care of that kid it was good to have our
friends over when we go through things
like Jen being sick and like when we
have the baby we don't have family
that's close to us we have David but
that's about it so in moments like that
I send a message out to the Gazan like
guys I might need you to come over the
house and watch noah and it's pretty
cool to have people that close in our
lives that are practically like family
so we actually have a lot to say we have
a fun date planned for Monday not
tomorrow the next Monday and the guys
are gonna watch Noah I shouldn't be too
bad damn things very excited about is
he's like I can't wait to make him
dinner oh yeah like what about poopy
diapers I got it I don't worry about it
all right that's probably one the
hardest things about being away from
family is like we missed them and also
it's hard to a lot of people just like
get that break when they need it to go
on a date to have a you know a little
moment together and for us you know we
have to try a little harder than at
those but then I mean a little bit more
too instr yeah plus we miss him yeah I
heard no it's about time
oh yeah character looks good babe he
looks strong oh yeah oh he looks cool
dude pick out those things babe oh no it
should break another one I think you
need a bigger hammer doesn't look like
you're having very much fun over there
oh yeah she's got some wings or
something hmm we're admiring the
characters and now you should start
doing family exercising Wow Tae Bo of no
to family exercising you never want
exercise with me you wouldn't even let
me watch you do push-ups to their night
yeah that's awkward our crunches yeah
dropping in together is there a family
class we can take gymnastics you can
come to zumba with me oh I forgot to end
the fog last night last night Jen and I
actually had a conversation we were
talking about how it's interesting we
spent so much time during the day that
sometimes at night from like 10 to
midnight maybe we'll have our own little
alone time Jen likes to watch HGTV I'll
play like a video game sometimes or read
or watch sports for other people it's
kind of like flipped you know they might
have their own time during the day
depending on if they have kids or what
and then at night they spend more time
together but sometimes from like
tenement I you know we just gotta do our
own little thing which i think is good
for us to have our own little alone time
although we're pretty much to the next
to each other so Jen likes to make fun
of me sometimes that I play video games
which i completely understand i hope you
guys had fun watching today's vlog
there's a nice relaxing sunday there's a
lot of good footballs the Super Bowls in
two weeks who do you guys want I might
be the question of the day today yes it
will be the question of the day Panthers
or Broncos who are you rooting for in
two weeks I'm rooting for can you guess
I'll you know soon some of us probably
know if you follow me on Twitter peace
too soon I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be
good you better believe it I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good get that
understood I will be happy I'm gonna be
good you better believe it I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good get that
understood this is a painting that hangs
on our wall what would you describe that
as some people think it's weird we like
it what animal is that though
