tell you says good morning sir are you a
visit work done elephant Wow are you
getting all your work day we find all
your emails he was sitting on the couch
and then he decided to come sit at the
table to be like Daddy whoa cool both of
my hair's pretty crazy this morning
you
okay this clip is supposed to be in
today's volume tells him to put this
clip in today's it's alex pollution I
don't that I explained yesterday why no
didn't go to gymnastics but I had called
the place that we're taking him to and
they do like a four-week program kind of
it's like a four-week thing you just pay
for the forwards it's not like swimming
lessons oh no you dropped it anyway I
had called to see like if they're in the
middle of a four-week program or when
the next one started and they're about
to finish a four-week program so we
couldn't just like join in because we'd
probably pay the full amount for just
one week like one day of gymnastics
really um so we're going to wait for the
next session start which is infant the
first with februari hey why is your nose
running yeah Matt what babe hey did you
shut it you're done you how to open it
can you trim your muscles oh that's
daddy's you gotta be careful with it see
you song hello hey you want um the
exciting news tell him other than taking
all of my shoes out today he's been like
obsessed with getting his shoes out and
just like like his old shit check this
out dad big abees yeah look at these
very like and which one you got on right
now you're 72 turns on right now yeah
yeah okay put his hat on today yeah yeah
it's just don't want anywhere that's
fine
now we watch the star wars video what
did you just do yeah I can tell him say
I pooped in the toilet yeah but very
good job leave it I I started buying
something and so I ran up Star Wars yeah
so I ran up to the toilet and uh scuze
me so lately just for fun when he's
pooped even though I know he's finished
pooping I just have been sitting him on
the toilet anyway like I just take his
diaper off there and make him sit there
and see if he has to poop any more and
then today I just now could I stride
earlier for his other diaper and then
just now I could start smelling and
pooping until I ran him upstairs and
then you did one little turd in the
toilet it was a very small little turd
in the toilet but hey that's great I
don't know we're not trying to potty
train him it's just kind of why not why
not like it okay I say hey no no no in
the same night oh why not start there's
no harm in him starting to sit on the
toilet so I think we're gonna just go to
walmart and get one the little seat
toppers for the toilet we have no
training on potty training yet know and
and we don't even plan on fire training
honestly right and oh sorry yes baby I
was like no I meant right this is better
look at our natural dude it's cool to go
the bathroom in the toilet so far has
been uh he's like oh yeah yeah yeah
would that be something if you I'd have
to change your poopy bum anymore yeah we
want you to gehen how cute is this
though he's like Star Wars song oh my
god am i starved you Kurt oh well I sit
in my throne the third time now that
we're gonna watch this one minute clip
yep
well I usually termed first come out
both of my hair is pretty great this
morning
here's the car wash music ready this
whole song and dance just like this now
you're thinking this do it a second time
the carwash music no writing on to your
first car wash Sam has been dying to
take noah through this car wash I just
want I think you might like it yeah we
need to get out man this winter weather
I officially hate winter and I'm like
all right bad enough oh she only snowed
in the month of my seven beckham rules
vermis is the penis I don't know where'd
you do it last time up here my second
car wash in a long time yeah we're doing
pretty good so far we did have her car
washed out of their car we should
probably take that went to get a car
wash sometimes is scary Legion
that's not washes scare kids yeah oh
he's kind of scared oh okay it's fine
it's fine and you thought you would like
it I remember I'm having flashbacks if I
was a kid I was like is there like sent
out there like like you bang it on the
cool it's not cool it's like Oh get the
colors they're painting the car please
steer Moo's here okay
that's okay yeah so this is a car wash
no we take the car through a clean it
it's like a like a tub it's like the tub
for a car the car like a bath
sorry guys we have dominant I think he
wanted to come for himself mostly yeah
it's kind of relaxing it's like a dark
spot it they're trying it what you think
kind of loud kind of scary but kind of
really cool wrong but maybe I'll grow to
like it everything a bonding experience
I'm buzzing dad let's go get the car
wants a father-son fear bond the car
wash what's that thing in your hand Oh
for the dash there's nothing sexier than
a man that comes back in the car hey we
made a quick pit stop at this guy's
favorite place to go to in the whole
entire world which is this pretty good
store look as hell too high he's like
where's my size hoobs
we found a helmet he likes fun helmet
this is a little too big with their
smaller cars oh I mean well oh thank you
can pull super fun to go on like bike
rides the Summer you know be fine no
shoulders you can actually cool with
your body which i don't think i would
attempt maybe they get off the baby
weight yeah I want to ride in one how
about you pull me I pregnant but around
to the hospital yeah we decided that
once he's a good at his biker if we get
him another bike when he's older we got
to get him on these like hamburger bells
dude that's like a lot like gears but a
lot more expensive pretty cool though
huh yeah I'm pretty good at that before
you know it will start cruising a little
bit guys we could be here all day this
is his happy place and it's kind of all
my fault except he's really taken
interest myself well with the strong
influence for me like put this helmet on
me
I feel bad about that what I'm actually
more proud than anything like I when she
loves all this stuff it's cool you
should feel bad it's good to be
passionate about things especially
things that are good for you like
exercising competing a healthy way
gulfport alright one of the girls gave
him a club oh that's good so this is
baseball meets woeful wiffle ball me
it's golf oh okay
oh well you guys trying to hit it in
there bubby okay good job think it's so
excited when it goes in
this my friends is how you keep your kid
entertain oh and winter day for free yep
dumb little boy who cries leaving a
sports store as soon as I was like all
right we gotta go start putting things
away he's like I took the helmet off and
when he started crying I really thought
like he got hit by something no I neset
ball if you behave he didn't pull
anything off the shelves no he's doing
really good story junkie hey with that
fine as you dinner tonight is a potato
chicken peppers pomegranate and water
moving that baby we're watching the
intern and we're so excited I can't talk
when you do that who are you looking at
me how do you even know I'm doing that I
can see you in the mirror so we've been
meaning to watch the intern for a long
time my mom said it was like really good
we're gonna see in theaters and then
didn't so we are renting it tonight two
more about torch it so we've been
waiting i wouldn't pay ya we've been
waiting like we like this movie up for
ourselves so much they're like three
weeks i know i'm gonna love it i know
i'm gonna love it yeah you will gen
genet loves everything no but i will
love this high five your forehead there
you ok weird what you think hello well
the intern I really liked it I knew that
Sam cried I did not cry I wipe water
from her I oh I can walk water from your
eyes to this is mystic my finger right
kinds I didn't cry I didn't say I cried
and I didn't cry um it was good Ben
sometimes reminded us of my dad mm-hmm
which I'm sure happened to all my mom
and dad were watching this too I'm gonna
be witnesses they can let us know if
that was the case that was a fun movie
it wasn't like it's not one of those
that you can just like critique as like
a film critic like oh my goodness right
like a fun movie you know I thoroughly
enjoyed it I just didn't like the end o
mighty for it to vote like the end who's
good it's good yeah it was fun cuz the
left you really left
like man I want to hang out more with
them yeah they're fun people yes I'm
been spun it was good I motivate you we
have a Sam I made him run to the store
to get a few things that we need for
dinner tomorrow we're having a pot roast
crock pot pot roast and now we're going
to bed yeah and Dejan just sent me this
video
whoever he's with right now I can't tell
Phyllis on random video for the day
ren√©e video for the day I hope you guys
are having a great weekend and have a
happy sunday I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
that's GD that is gene you have between
the helmet on yeah I wish you would just
walk around that helmet all day oh new
club Oh
