there's a kick we just got some very
good news but I know you guys are
interested about Noah do you know what
the news is he doesn't know we're not
praying
yes I said I love you are you gonna keep
eating
you're not eating very much yeah me
because you begged for a granola bar
before lunch call me
oh goodness we lost Noah baby peekaboo
yeah are you showing everyone your
grilled cheese can you just - silly did
you just poop I feel like I got to it
from here Oh Noah look at me did you
poop no as he runs away to hide probably
means you know okay bye he hides now you
guys he gets embarrassed like because he
knows here's a monk he doesn't get
changed and so he like hides the poop
now it's really funny are you pooping in
there is that your little bathroom
you're gonna stink it up oh hey that's
crappy endeavour I don't think he'll go
peace it's on us seriously seriously
wait check to see if he's already pooped
though
wait this really happening baby
I bet you didn't know but this with
there's a bum next I need to go poop you
tell me I'll take you here okay while
eating your cheese cheese
okay you get ze bug cheek but uh we're
go for it well that might be the
beginning to something we will see maybe
I'll start potty training maybe he gets
it
maybe he'll maybe he wants to get it no
mo keep us updated we're currently
waiting for David he has to renew his
license cuz he turned 21 and so we're
watching lil Yo Gabba Gabba in the car
I don't want to take him out Dean these
are usually crazy busy in there and so
I'm like just try keep came to some bugs
I like bones let them take Noah to go
run around that indoor play place by
right at a time so we have to try to
that tomorrow or do something fun
tomorrow do something fun
it didn't do something fun it's
something it's film festival this
weekend
and I don't think we can go David really
want to do the sibling tag video what
you want to do they whip cream to your
face and I'm like feel like we've been
in a car a lot lately
oh hi he's he's contempt which makes me
happy show me what you got when we were
cars show me oh yes you got a croissant
Wow look at that car it's a chewy car
right Chewbacca and Han Solo car we
never usually like we don't whenever we
go to the store we don't just let him
pick out toys every time cuz then he'll
think oh that's where I go to it on
special occasions when he's been really
good and everyone was sick this last
week and I had her on errands today
instead of taking him to the play place
so I may have let him pick out some cars
so there's like these like Star Wars
cars so I kind of showed him these and
he thought they are pretty cool also
I've never actually bought no hot wheels
or anything like that
he always just gets them from Tails
house cos sail has buckets of hot wheels
and so he'll always ends up with cars
over here the first time I've bought
cars for him I think huh you just stole
my you just don't my croissant I just
got a phone call from um well a voice
mail I didn't realize I have missed a
call from the doctor's office and they
said on my lab results were normal so no
infections I don't know it was just a
weird flu that really hit my back hard I
don't even I don't even know honestly I
don't know made my back was sore and
then my flu just kind of made it a
million trillion times worse whatever it
was I'm glad I'm really glad I don't
have to take that antibiotic I kind of
might have stopped taking it yesterday I
didn't really I just didn't feel like I
just knew I just knew I was fine so I
stopped taking that so that's kind of
nice enough to take that anymore
hey for mommy being fine yay yay okay I
totally lied with those I believe are
the only two cars we have but that's
pretty good
I'm sure he'll end up to end up being
more in the future but but do you love
those cars I'm glad we bought those you
put those every single day he's like
doing all these cars up here
what you doing through cars I'm driving
them
oh I like this job so do those little
ice game jumps it little mouse that was
distracting Noah while we could dinner
jump
that's how you're heavy now he's dancing
you guys shot for Darby huh
are you facetiming your cousin face I
mean he just thinks it arranged like in
his pocket
don't hang up this time mister or drop
it these are my squats some squats in
jeans
hey we gotta try this head of hair hey
hey where to know we go where no go
where no what go we gotta try this head
of hey hey hey hey hey hey hey when no
ago just another song to add to the
Samak sting long EP so we just got some
very good news but I know you guys are
interested about Noah do you know what
the news is he doesn't know we're not
praying we're moving the house it's
going down we got an email back and
she's like wow everything looks great
you guys look like normal people that
haven't gotten in trouble and could
Libya I said cool so everything's set up
we can actually move into that house and
looks like we're doing it right Jay yep
we're renting it renting it just to
clarify if you didn't watch the vlog
before we are going to rent the house we
mentioned before that we just don't feel
comfortable buying a house here right
now because there's a lot of moving
pieces and family members and things and
we just don't feel like necessarily that
we've done like the feeling that this is
where we're supposed to live for the
next even five years and I feel like
buying a house is kind of a commitment
it's like a relationship so we're gonna
do another year of renting which is what
we've been doing since we got married
which I mean isn't that bad sometimes in
this case it'll be a little different
like living here right now it's like we
rent and everyone takes care of us in a
way you know the place we're going is
definitely cheaper which is nice it's
bigger we'll be the first ones there but
we'll also have some more
responsibilities like shoveling mowing
the lawn
yep oh yeah you're like I know we'd have
a lot more like get some scissors for
Noah I'm your freakin washer and dryer
yeah they don't have a watch from dryer
either my face for that so we've always
had like washers and dryers lately in
places we've lived well that's not true
not like the first place it's not like
we had a member those og so we're not
this is what we're not gonna do we're
not gonna go cheap we're not gonna go
like crazy expensive but it's definitely
I said to Jen it's kind of an investment
into our future as homeowners because
when you buy a home there's a lot of
things you don't have feel like you
don't have a lawnmower you don't have
maybe shovels or washer and dryer so
like all these different things add up
and in a way it's kind of like the next
step like we're getting these little
things that will prepare us to be
homeowners which we're very excited
that's our dream yeah that's what we
want to do don't want to be renting so
but we're very excited very excited but
yeah Jenna's already like stressing out
about I was like hey firstworldproblems
of a beautiful place that we can live in
we have more space it's gonna be four
bedrooms that people can come visit us
family will have a room for family the
thing I am most excited about but I'm a
mess
downstairs bathroom also the downstairs
dining area yes because that is
something no the sit at a table and have
dinner together as a family is hard with
carpet it's hard with kids incurred
there okay yeah so we'll finally have a
nice area where we can sit down and eat
together every single night and know
we'll like that too yeah so you give him
a little booster chair yep so pretty
exciting no
all-in-all super grateful that this is
working out yeah I feel like it's the
right decision right now we are sad to
be moving a couple blocks
I mean honestly just a couple minutes
uh-huh away from some of our closest
friends neighbors and David but David's
over right now he's downstairs he had
dinner with us and he said he'll still
be coming over I'm sure all our friends
will still be coming over we've already
talked with Te'o personally we sat down
Te'o we said hey bud you guys aren't
going to be necessarily living right
next door you know but we'll have like
organized playdates where we can go to
the pool I mean this summer you guys
know how it is we would like to get out
and have fun activities for Noah and
it's just gonna become more that way
especially as he gets more into it you
know so you're gonna love the pool even
more this year I think yeah do you like
swimming
do you remember swimming yeah that's the
latest news Plus well there will be more
people will meet baby no it's time for
bed huh right yep that's good man it's
been fun she's like no whoa excuse me
I'm here to a debt here I'm gonna put
you to bed oh okay okay say good night
to everyone you say good night he booked
kisses mmm yeah see I'll see you guys
tomorrow every night this week John has
been craving milkshakes and every time
when I say I'll go get you one she says
no no no I shouldn't I shouldn't I
shouldn't I need to be cutting back so
since it is the weekend and she's been
really good this week even though I
think she should splurge more I'm gonna
get her milkshake she doesn't know it
though
I actually just left to get some mail
supplies to go mail my nephew a birthday
gift and so I'm gonna come back with one
it's funny doing things like this she'll
be like happy but mad but happy at the
same time I think more happy than that
this place always has a long line too by
the way
there's a kick I've been trying to get
this on camera I tried like five times
in p/j would not move she was even up a
storm earlier but then I had to get up
in with the camera as she fell back
asleep awesome thank you I was gonna say
have a good night but I love the camera
the car sorry I'll eat it oh okay just
have a couple bites and then save the
rest for later I'm sorry yeah well it's
the weekend treat yourself you deserve
it great mom great wife great everything
every time I order a mic kind of like
heads down Mike is that possible like of
course juice Oh should we just end the
vlog now peace as a peace to everyone
it's like this peace and then you had
about the camera
merit if you choose ooh
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understand
