what no his baby sister moving oh no be
nice the baby sister is his baby sister
moving
we just are moving like jumping oh well
she's gonna move if you poke like that
you gotta be gentle to Mom's belly
just work here right here so I used to
work right there
I bought Ben
this is evil Jen's laughing because Noah
just got his first brain freeze
a couple minutes ago and now she's like
he's gonna get another one that good
dude well cold in the head you can't
check it so much just little sips okay
he was actually crying though I'm
holding his head cuz he wasn't crying he
was like ah to this day I still don't
think I've ever had a brain freeze
I really don't have a big head
let's this is weird I've never had a
brain freeze I get one every time
there's no gold how I don't even know it
feels oh it hurts
good bad question I just got like three
brain freezes in a row husband like that
cuz I learned that if I blow hot air out
of my mouth and have my thumb on the
roof of my mouth and I have a brain
freeze then it goes away faster and then
Noah's pretty soon there's nothing dude
I just had three rivers I don't know
what same telemon's I might have brain
free that's crazy
it's a weirder to not have a brain
freeze or to have a brain freeze
question of the day cutting Samms the
odd one out save some for me save it for
me I want some you done no good I think
she is
hey this this moment has to be
documented right now because this is the
only time he's ever been wrapped up in a
blanket since he was a baby
willingly it looks like who's gonna rock
hi are you warmer now can you say daddy
back can you say Grammy hey you say oh
gee okay you say lying
ha can you say dog nothing dog know what
you say tiger
yeah it was really enjoying the airplane
food these days he started doing himself
doing the airplane by himself and then
wanted me to do it
you're cute huh yeah
do you know what cute means that's not
cute did you know that you're cute good
answer
Bailey - with no okay like blueberries
do you like long walks on the beach
doing girlfriends yet no are you excited
for gymnastics tomorrow yeah this dalish
is not going how I thought it would go
sir Wow
you know done he loves wiping his own
hands and cleaning up his messes it's
really cute what oh this little shelter
someone made no I refused to take a nap
today
I think it's days were like it's just we
don't do much in the morning he can't
get his energy out and so he's not
really tired none up for him yay I knew
some days you just like know you're like
okay this kids not gonna go sleep this
snow is like ice today when go to the
park and tie on the slides we made it to
go get it
oh I'm stick mom and these off
hey nice I say I think it's like 25
degrees maybe a little warmer which is
excellent can't push it down
go chase hello hello it's a lot slower
in your snow clothes well I got out of
the house today I went to a trixin
meeting and was getting some other
things done I came home these guys were
playing and dancing which you guys have
seen yeah Jen put together this cute
little visiting teaching message of well
I picked these out actually detecting I
go strawberry ones very good the engine
has a little message what's the message
about cute so she's gonna go take Noah
visiting teaching with her right now I
have to go by myself
there you got you haven't good
icebreaker right here you know what this
guy I thought you'd better don't get all
that together
look so beautiful hey babe
good no I honestly I feel like a lot
better we have a scope a percentage
percentages yes my mom is how much are
you actually saying what percentage of
you is Sam yeah
I'd say I'm like 80% yeah 75 75 percent
okay I think I just ran over a mouse no
but like I'm still kind of like dizzy
yeah I should be driving
no disoriented but like my vision today
like I can see everything far away
really well but I feel like close up no
no are you today I tell you I did a
daily dish with no today you didn't
except free didn't really answer
anything so it's kind of a feel of a
daily dish to be fair he was eating
lunch time like she really can't sounds
good and then you're like I'm still kind
of feeling funny yeah
so we're getting some rice and meat
corner your child into a literal corner
that they can't out of these your legs
and other objects to distract them like
this one no look at this
this way you will stay out of the way of
other customers so that they can enjoy
their place maybe vow'd read that point
where you just want to sit any longer so
pull out up stand right here
oh you cleaning the ground dirty down
there but it's also good to sit next to
stuff like this because he likes like
Tracey touching all the different
textures and grooves and things right
now that keeps you distracted huh we're
no ago where is he there is it can you
give a high-five to the world high-five
to the world I love this guy high-five
to the world to the world oh yeah yes
hugs for everyone
half after the world what no his baby
sister moving
oh no be nice the baby sister is his
baby sister moving we just start moving
like jumping oh well she's gonna move if
you poke like that you gotta be gentle
to Mom's belly
Big Mama cover that up oh look put your
hand there I'll be soft though it to be
soft we're watching the Blackhawks
lightning game alright when I pull the
camera away
anyways every time every time okay we
haven't really captured this moment yet
because PJ has been moving a lot lately
but I usually don't have the camera on
me it's officially time for bed I feel
so much better today whatever we had it
was kind of like a 24-hour thing I'm so
happy to be feeling better I just met
with Tyler II were working on some stuff
Jayde's are some questions that I saw in
the comments in regards to the house we
actually submitted our application we
were waiting for approval they got to do
a bunch of different background checks
different things like that make sure
we're not shady people and we'll
probably know any day now whether it's
what we can move into tomorrow we are
actually going to gymnastics class we're
signing Noah up for a little toddler I
think it's a teller class I'm hoping
it's a toddler class Jen knows a lot
more about it it's good way to use
energy out be with other kids get
familiarized with different things just
organized activities and I'm pretty
excited about it we'll see you guys then
love ya
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood and yes the
Christmas lights are still on
they're still up we don't actually turn
them on that often I only turn them on
at night when I'm going to watch a show
because it just sets like the perfect
ambience I love them probably swap them
out with white lights or just take him
down altogether because Jen says she
doesn't want to lose the magic of
Christmas by having these up all the
time plus they also could be considered
tacky although I love him maybe I'm a
tacky person
