good morning everyone we are trying to
make our way out of the house but this
one is having a rough morning we're
trying really hard to get to the toddler
time at the fun park to see puppies
but this one didn't want to get dressed
and it's having Justin all around whiny
morning so we're taking some deep
breaths and having some cuddles
I'm also another one bites the dust Sam
was up all night just tossing and
turning you did not feel well at all he
didn't throw up but he felt like he
could have thrown up so that's not good
so he's getting some much-needed rest
while we're supposed to be gone no here
we go we're still here trying to get at
the house do my go see puppies go I'll
put your coat on I know he was really
mad at me for putting a shirt on Oh
good job you know how to slow down
that's so smart good job buddy
look who's up and Adam you feelin better
actually I'm feeling a lot better than I
was
it's I think it must be the same thing
you guys had I know and it comes in
waves nothing's been like crazy other
than I just have felt like gross gross
right yeah do have any like sharp pains
in your tummy justjust wait last night
but not spam doing that n better yeah
he's taking a lot to everyone
oh and then I got hurt last night maybe
that's what we can't imagine that it was
just like hit by a train and I was gonna
surprise you I knew these were coming
today
mm-hmm that wasn't a surprise II will
you read toddler time now when you came
home but I guess we'll just you know
maybe these flowers are for everyone yes
for no I swear we've all had the same
thing but a little bit different
seriously it's crazy function again
let's go see let's see
no it's very curious as to what types of
flowers we got so you guys know that
I've been trying to get revenge virus as
much as possible the past couple weeks
I've kind of well it's been busy and
we've been trying to figure out after
Christmas I kind of like slow down get
our like our little holiday flowers yeah
like a winter theme ruined after that
it's been like a weaker so since I have
these were sent to us from the Bucks
company and you guys still open up I do
not open up I think there's a couple of
months ago they sent me some and they're
just the most beautiful flowers we have
ever had
so in our life their last is so pretty
and it was really cool so you guys can
see really well because they bloom them
on the side of a volcano yeah they're
actually growing on the side of a bell
volcano in Ecuador the people that
harvest them were crazy crazy volcano
so I went on the website
books calm and I selected look at yours
oh wow they're so pretty I love the
colors
they're perfect for Valentine's are like
Valentine's II colors yeah look how
beautiful they are so pink and yellow
and gorgeous hey if you like them yes
yes do you like them yes so my thing
about Lucas comm is you know when you're
gonna website you can see the flowers
they have the professional photos and it
just looks amazing but they also have
it's kind of like customer reviews or
they'll take pictures of the flowers and
then you can see what they really look
like which for the most part is exactly
nothing look at the professional photo -
you know yeah I've seen the customer
photos cousin you're like okay that's
what I'm getting to my house right look
exactly like that and it's awesome
because they send them you pick them out
we pick out what you want online and
they send it the next day I peeked you
did yeah we had a red rose honey we
can't we go straight read it you know we
never go straight read this is like our
first time having right now Jenna's
going through the steps we filled the
vas the vase however you went through
that pronounce it
gently remove the flowers cut the stems
which is what I did then you remove like
the leaves and everything below the
water because that will cause them
that's what causes the water to turn
moldy so fast and the flowers to go bad
so if you cut the leaves in good shape
and then it says fresh water daily or
every other day and the change of the
water
unday v look how beautiful those red
roses are
it's a good contrast yeah
you you've done really good job picking
em babe classy you do
I also got you a card it says love you
baby very romantic although that card
should probably say get well soon to
everyone everyone I want to smell those
ones - yeah oh oh oh yeah I'm nice
yeah it's mom again oh wow he's really
getting a sniff in there no there no
ladies no you're gonna buy some flowers
for your future wife one day
yeah so if you're looking for beautiful
flowers in your life if you want to make
someone's day Valentine's Day if they're
in a show whatever you can think of you
can click on the link in the description
it will take you to books calm
we have a special promo code for 20% off
that you can use its v-day blooms it's
right here is that you get 20% off and
you can give someone we're gonna check
in in a couple days and see how they're
doing just to show you guys how long
they last - because the last times we
got those were the longest lasting
flowers we've ever had Wow did you find
your tooth in the cavity
laser tag room get your tooth we're
gonna go decorate it you're currently in
today's all about you yeah that's
YouTube okay let's go decorate it
hey is your time
Wow everything's lit up can you see
everything in here kind of looks crazy
hey good job buddy
good job tighten up there good do that
again go again are you gonna call the
slide jump jump jump Oh forgetful
careful just stay in the lower level
okay I don't think I can chase you today
well I guess we'll see how he does by
himself hopefully does it go too high
you got it Jay's taller that was a
little different I don't know what they
did on Tuesday cuz you couldn't go cuz
they're all sick then it'd be puppies
today and they didn't do the parachute
stuff out very looking you would do it
was more so about just like you had like
more like a lesson kind of like dogs not
going to the dentist and dentists that
dental assistant came to talk to us
it was toothbrushes and talked about
teeth you know that jazz and then we
went to laser tag room and now
to last a little bit so well different
than I thought it would be today kind of
hoping he'd get to like play the
parachute not suck but we'll just have
to come again it's still definitely fun
to come you guys house other Noah had a
rough time getting out of the house my
goodness he just wears jacket and it
could figure out what was wrong whatever
some Tyler's just Tubbs comprehension
warnings that was our morning all in all
though I think he had a good time today
it's good to get out and have fun hey
did you go down that slide off by
yourself
oh I have no idea how that just happened
or how he's even found his way this guy
is here like huh so he went down on his
tummy so I did like foam soaked down
like you're grateful you're not going
into bum
good job come out here
Elysium gendell didn't get some energy
out oh good job kiddo
bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce no oh
here we go
good job you know how to slow down
that's so smart good job buddy
this kid amazes me he's he's stronger
every day Oh Oh careful careful he's
going down the wrong one though he just
got in that area and then I was able to
get himself back out and up and down the
jungle gym my baby you go home No
a little banana break at the end there
here there was another little girl in
the jungle gym it was busy today which
was like good and bad I think it was fun
it was different than I thought it would
be I kind of explained that earlier but
at the end there's another little girl
about two playing in the jungle gym and
Sonu just decided to start following her
around and she seemed fine with it they
kept following each other and like going
down the slide together well not
together but like after each other and
then going up in the jungle gym again
together so this fun class he ended up
having a little friend because it was
world to stay a little bit longer and
play but then by the end he's like okay
I'm dying mom helped me get out of here
when he was able to find his way out you
did a really good job in that jungle gym
it's so cute we had a chick-fil-a and he
came with this little sea lions book in
it so Jen came over to the computer and
said let me show you some videos about
sea lions in your life and now they're
watching this video about that guy that
like like lions I'm just trying to get
some education in there you say lion
Noah well whether animal should we look
up so this guy like hugs lines and is
really good friends of them in translate
how most Lions aren't nice like that
this guy is just really good friends
with them she's just making sure no
understands all the animals is the
cutest thing I've ever seen has let me
show you some videos about sea lions
oh now drifts is nice
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood kid slept really
good look at that bad
