guys this might be PJ's room good
morning sweet world Noah is currently
drunk off of Pedialyte which he loves I
knew this would happen why you do okay
jump around yep
I I've had it before for our race this
past summer at the bike race and then
there's the cosmid event dee had bought
some Pedialyte and so drinking it and
it's like thicker Gatorade if you
haven't tried it before and anyways I
just knew he would love it cuz he loves
water and he loves anything the whole
tiny little bit of taste or sugar yes
mmm like five hundred I came downstairs
you like that he's like dad yeah yes but
you know what for having felt like seat
seeing what's coming from your body
we're happy that you're feeling well bud
yeah I'm glad they haven't been affected
by the diary besides this rash yeah so
full neurons is it time to pray tree
pray you wanna pray you wanna say prayer
so we're gonna go check out a place I'm
not sure if we'll build a film there
it's kind of weird like to show up and
then like Velma place be like yeah hey
we're gonna check this place out ah hey
like what we got here this is where we
can store our bodies hey I'm just
kidding yeah we'll see we might get a
couple shots and so far it's kind of
early to us yeah let's go
well we'll do it in the back oh you know
what I think Windows is breakfast
burritos I'm moving this kid so we
looked at a place a townhome the fight
party is the man that took a sir who's
like Thursday YouTube I was like but
he's friends with one of our friends so
yeah that was pretty funny we liked it
it was really nice didn't really get any
clips of it but uh that's very PI
somewhere upstairs I really like answers
so yeah me too lots of light brand-new
brand-new you know living in Logan
sometimes you're like oh well I live in
Logan Utah but there's a beautiful
places in Utah and people I'm seeing the
value of Logan Utah and they're building
really nice places here yeah that's true
it hasn't always been that way at all no
actually like student living your
students here there weren't that many
nice places to live nothing really for
like some like posh life knows like the
campus life did you really doing
internet yes obviously I wasn't mine my
boss two hours later okay crazy here we
go just about to take off and go check
out another house you know what got Sam
got some sriracha cheez-its you guys
told him to buy she's a snack mix pack
mix find out who's playing a game and
last night was some youtuber playing a
game last night
after John went to bed and we were
playing and doing really well we won
every single game and then Aaron just
texted me so excited he's like dude the
guy we're playing with is YouTube he's
not like 4 million subs it makes game
videos so the ones are kind of excited
fun like successful night itself
yeah of gaming after watching my video
gameplay footage yeah the things he
learned the method right John we woman
good job want it for you baby I
dedicated Game one - PJ Game two - Noah
aim three to you baby
see where I stand in the running I was
getting hey do you have a good nap we
have some more pretty clouds and
mountain views for you
what baby did you drop your skateboard
looks beautiful out very beautiful well
update on how I'm doing I'm doing better
I don't hurt in my side sir and yeah
anymore a little pain in my back still
my lower back now it's kind of weird my
dad thinks it might just be skeletal I
might just need to be adjusted what why
yeah I don't know why I have pain oh why
why are there trucks out there cuz
they're trying to solve them so I'm
currently taking an antibiotic that I
might not even be meeting we're still
waiting to hear back from the doctor who
knows I don't have any pain anywhere
else in my body or when I go to the
bathroom or anything so hello
we'll see how is that snack mix babe
very crunchy very crunchy snacks I don't
want to spill the dirt yeah then I smell
look like I've come to realize that I
love si Racha but I love putting si
Racha on things rather than having them
infused I understand that like I like
actually putting scratch oh right yeah
so it tastes unofficial to you I like it
but I just like I would almost rather
have stretch on
so do they like it I really like it I'm
not gonna show you guys too much cuz if
we move in will forever will finally do
a house tour I'm Jeff Probst just
tweeted my inner because he is applying
to Survivor that's why I told my totally
angel that they'd like actors we should
be like theatrics and drama yo let's go
check out the new store let's see how
things are going oh you're excited
you're excited you're excited he's
excited Oh whoo what do you think it
already looks better don't you think I
personally think this space looks a
million times better check it out
sneak peek sneak peek even smells good
because it's my bath and Bodyworks oh
look at that
this is definitely nice nice touch right
here beautiful touch
Noah what do you think what do you think
I'm talking all slow and swaggy what do
you think looks good every time you walk
by Claire's people are getting their
ears pierced as well and that was the
every ears pierced not until she can
make the decision first I yeah I
remember our family the girls had to
wait I don't know how old they were how
old were you when you got your ears
pierced
where is he Noah where is he mom night
was tonight and I hurt my knee yes I
left early because I didn't want to hurt
it even more and have Jen get really mad
at me
we're all in pain are you feeling a lot
better today right yeah I have a
different weird pain in my back this is
probably more just I think I just need I
don't know connected or not Huayra
pressure or something yeah look at it
papa Guerrero I wish it was my dad's
neighbor right now to recap things
though we looked at two places today we
really liked the house we did really did
the cool thing about the house is it's
same cost probably cheaper than where we
are living right now plus they want to
raise our rent which is really annoying
I understand how that works but I mean
come on
also I wouldn't have to travel to upload
vlogs anymore right because we could get
our own internet be good Internet
time is money especially when the baby's
here and who knows how those months are
any help burping or changing it won't be
easier by the way yeah so I called it
like a first world pain having slow
internet but when it's something that
you do every single day it's part of our
living now an important yeah it's like
our job our job especially because even
at Rickson it's our job yeah it really
is it drives me insane
also there's four bedrooms so that's
cool because then we could have a
bedroom eventually for PJ we're gonna
plan on putting Penelope in our room at
the beginning like we did with Noah and
a little like rocker that was really
good for us we didn't like co-sleep or
anything like that
straight to the rocker then when she's
older she'll get Noah's crib and we're
gonna get Noah toddler bed terrified he
pictures up in the middle of the night
and seeing this little face go good
morning
hi no I just picture him like me just
holding the door at night until he falls
asleep and I think you'll probably just
fall asleep on the ground and I'm like
moving into his bed I'm just terrified
he's gonna be like me up and down the
stairs constantly or just in and out of
our room like hi it's midnight I'm awake
or PJ and the crib he knows oh I can't
get out here I'm gonna happen
knock on wood I think he could get out
he could but he has not a big house but
I think he'd be willing
oh if I'm to scribble he hasn't yet he
figured out how to get from the chair
into the crib I think once he figures
out how to get out then I will consider
the talent until then yeah so hopefully
sober that's kind of like a summary of
things we're really discussing what we
want to do yes we have to decide very
very very soon
like now soon like by tomorrow right so
we've been looking for weeks almost
months and
we aren't ready to buy a house we want
to save more money so we can get a house
that we want and really like and we also
want to know where we're gonna be we
don't want to just buy a house and then
move it's kind of irresponsible like you
know sell it or rent it I just don't
feel comfortable doing that yeah great
108 we want to run for another year yeah
I it's our dream to own a house right so
we want to do but in our situation but
not knowing where we want to stay for
long term it just doesn't make sense yet
there are some moving pieces with the
family and other things so you never
know in a year from right now I think we
know things will be more clear really
yes I really do so here's to moving at
nine months pregnant again at nine
months and we're not moving from city to
city now we're moving that's true
tomorrow we will decide also people
worried about like Te'o and David we
wouldn't be far at all we've already
talked to them we're gonna see him
anytime yeah we'll see everyone just as
much so especially during the summer
with pool time hanging out Oh Park no
dad no doubt so she's yeah no I saw was
with tail for a lot today and he was
just in heaven cool part about the house
too is that no would have a yard to play
right go outside kid get out there whole
neighborhood so that'd be really cool
anyways we'll keep you guys updated I
think we'll probably know by tomorrow we
have to know by tomorrow we have to know
by tomorrow
so yes you guys will see you guys then
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you that understood I
mean any bats in the case I like a night
