past 48 hours have been kind of fun here
good morning guys it's a new day thank
goodness it's a new day emoji on me to
reduce guys we're getting a live look in
right now of the penny no bronzer no
filter straight up the penny in the
flesh aside from the penny my first
thought when I look at this monument I
think of the hollow me focus I think of
the Martin Luther King I had a dream
speech which happened right here this
wasn't filled with people a huge moment
in history with lace the city is just
felt like stuff like that to me we hold
these truths to be self-evident that all
men are created I have a dream my four
little children will one day live in a
nation where they will not be judged by
the color of their skin but by the
content of their character I have a
dream today all the ester I kept
thinking like just get to the next day
just get to tomorrow just get to
tomorrow cuz I wasn't so much pain I
thought it was just a flu and like
sometimes with flus you get really achy
but this was like excruciating pain and
the entire day in my back I just could
not it would not stop like I didn't have
one moment of like okay can breathe like
I just need a minute it wasn't until
like 11 12 when I finally took some
tylenol like I filings like oh my gosh
thank you thank you like why I've been
taking tylenol all day sometimes I
forget like what medicine I can and
can't take being pregnant but we had
called last night I'm feeling this all
day but I just thought it was the flu I
really did turns out it could possibly
be a kidney infection
and I think if it is it's just a minor
one but man smaller big whatever I have
is so painful I don't wish it upon
anyone I like you couldn't even touch my
back like I tried to have same like
massage it and it was just felt like
someone took a knife to my spine or I
don't even know it was just not fun but
I really appreciate all of your guys's
kind of words and your prayers it really
meant so much i was finally able to get
some sleep I'm still pretty tired today
I think that's just because I just
couldn't get any rest yesterday it's
better we called last night took tylenol
he said to go in in the morning because
I had spiked a fever and I want to make
sure everything's okay with PJ they said
because they say you know you read
online they just fevers aren't ever good
for babies inside the womb or outside
the womb really um so we're gonna go
make sure everything is good and just do
like a year in sample make sure
everything with my kidneys are good well
yeah I'm feeling much better today I
just wanted a thorough a little thing
out there like Sam's always like Hodgins
best chances less but really he is you
guys like don't even understand he drops
everything for like to just play with no
alone those awake he'll that's why I art
we don't ever have a strict upload
schedule because he really puts us first
every single day like he plays with Noah
first before he does all of his work he
and that with me make sure I make make
sure and make sure that I'm good
especially yesterday last night he was
with me and calling the doctors for me
and now this morning he's out getting me
breakfast cuz i can finally I couldn't
really eat anything yesterday and then
he's gonna hang with no while I go to
the doctor he's texting me right now
he's hey what just ran to go get more
tylenol for me so he really is he's and
then he just tweeted Jenny I won the
life laundry because I've Jen but really
it's the other way around I think we
both won the lottery with each other
he's
Kanoa dad works really hard but he still
put just first love you babe and
especially with me being pregnant you
know whatever if you've been pregnant
you understand like you just don't feel
good about yourself you feel so blessed
because you can carry a life in your
body and that's just incredible so
grateful for that opportunity but you
just feel gross and you just feel chubby
just don't feel like yourself every day
he tells me I look beautiful and he
tells me I look good he's like jet you
look great and all this stuff and hush
is my you know my dramatics but he's
just the best I got lucky guys you guys
can find that lucky that special person
to though they're just not as good as my
guy okay this kid has also been giving
mommy lots of extra cuddles today huh
you see oh we're know though guys
where's no 10 there oh wait oh there he
is you see him mmm you look tired do
okay do you think said last night first
one was Jen said I'd rather be having
contractions giving birth not that you
really wanted to end to be now it's
night no it's obviously not sure but the
pain that you're doing you're like other
of contraction smells like well it's
only a guy's contractions stopped for
Allah you have like at least a minute
before the next one this is like breathe
this was a bad option though sitting in
bed a little delirious last night and
then you're like I was really looking
forward to taking you know to top their
time to bar I was ever since last
Wednesday I was so excited you want your
play mat well just shows how great of a
mom and how selfless you are yeah yeah I
was just telling everyone how great of a
dad you are yeah you are took care of us
it's my responsibility so Jen just went
to the doctor Noah is having trouble
with this bb-8 okay right now you okay
let me take that
be careful dude be careful he's just
playing with his bike yesterday some
people are commenting and being like
what the heck kind of parents are you
getting them a bike with no pedals no
training wheels listen Noah already has
a tricycle with pedals and like a
tricycle so doesn't need training wheels
the purpose of these bikes they're
actually made for 18 months and up and
they teach kids how to balance on them I
feel like this is something that I'm
gonna have to explain every single time
we show the bike but this will be the
last time that I explained that probably
so anyways it is designed for toddlers
to learn balance you don't learn to ride
a bike in a day you don't learn to walk
in a day it's baby steps so little by
little it'll get more comfortable but we
could ever have to use training wheels
yeah and every single day comes down he
says put my helmet on and he likes to
push it around kind of test it out so
he's having fun guys yeah so they start
those of you that are concerned right
like he's that he's enjoying it yeah you
can't just like you can't just start
cruising on it right away is that what
the walking then he'll learn to like
just like push his feet and like ride a
little bit then he'll learn to like
really get going and then could you see
on the little pay for sure so it just
takes time I was just frustrated
yesterday when I saw that I was like
come on good really really you don't
think I want the best for my son
I'm just some people what you do for fun
you watch other people play video games
it's just just right now just today
we're all really tired I just got back
from the doctor like an hour so go she
don't really know what I had at first
cuz my ear and everything came up clean
like clear um but I guess if I do end up
having a bladder infection or something
it could take a couple days to like show
up on tests um so I was just treating me
for a bladder infection just in case and
20 times better yeah oh no like even
more than 20 times better they're more
worried like if it is a flu and like I
get more flu symptoms later that's not
so good I'd have to go back in like if I
start coughing or spike another fever or
whatever but i'm pretty sure it's just
blood I don't honestly don't know i
don't care i'm just happy that i don't
feel the pain of yesterday anymore no i
decided to wake up early today you know
he's napping so that was for us all naps
all around am i taking out today too yes
people of the world it's jay king the
chick here there's so much cloud itch
think
and see about town you're loud into the
clouds crazy very white it almost looks
like it's snow but it's not oh yeah I
shoot it I was recording hahaha raleigh
is the diaper bag we're going to upload
and then run to walmart no one's been
itching to get out of the house all day
jen feels good enough to get now and i
feel good enough to get out as well
that's pretty awesome yeah really
awesome so I'm gonna add a woman yo yo
the script prescription good yeah my
prescriptions whoa you watching the
blocks in the car
anything it takes to keep your kids
occupied sometimes yeah it's greasing
the sound speakers not just the phone
videos on the phone Jenna he loves lunch
in the box but he does loves it there
enjoying some little video game toddler
games in the computer it's been kind of
fussy today so they've been playing
these little educational games say water
Noah water there ya se no se water Noah
there you go we got a poops and aches
I'm I'm the lone survivor right now you
guys need to stay away so we got Jen
some medicine they still don't know what
exactly is wrong with her they're gonna
treat it like a bladder infection and
hopefully that fixes everything but
jenny is feeling a lot better now Noah
has not to be like TMI but he has
diarrhea for the first time ever good
all day so past 48 hours have been kind
of fun here been pinned up and I'm just
like trying to take care of everyone but
Jenna's definitely feeling a lot better
my brother-in-law is studying and he's
know he knows a lot about like pediatric
stuff I just talked to him about what we
can do to help Noah out well first off
Noah actually doesn't seem irritated
like that he's like lightning but he's
not he's not like oh my tummy or
anything he actually liked tooted and it
was like an enormous to just like wrong
and he goes he toots and then he goes
Wow in gender diversity they're like oh
we don't embarrass him and laugh but
that was really funny dude no kicking
exercise right now so uh whoo dude you
feeling okay he's in the squatty potty
toddler position I guess
we can't really do that because we don't
wear diapers but he can just kind of
been pinned up at at home lately and
hopefully this didn't happen yesterday
for him it was three days two or three
inches yeah cuz we went studying two
days ago I was like three days ago
hopefully I'm not next I have been
taking medicine sure just a quick update
on everything that is going on the past
48 hours has basically been very restful
but busy for me and for Jen like even
when she's sick she's like I just need
to go go go on like rest rest you need
rest go to bed get sleep luckily she's
been asleep for a while she feels so
much better today we're really hoping
she's rounding a corner and checking on
Noah he seems to be doing better and I'm
just so grateful for that I'm most
grateful that I'm able to drop
everything and be here with them today
if everyone is feeling better tomorrow
and continues to feel well we are going
to go out and actually look at some
places I set up some appointments to go
through some places because we probably
are going to move we aren't going to
move out of the state or out of the city
right now but the reason is is that
they're trying to up our rent here a ton
and I'm like that's kind of silly and
plus the internet here is terrible they
won't let us change it and considering
that we upload vlogs and do things on
the internet it's kind of frustrating
we'll see you guys tomorrow hopefully
everyone's feeling well and I really
appreciate all the support you guys have
shown us tweets comments it's just
mentally to me sometimes being sick
there's a lot mentally you have to
overcome and being able to read all
those things I know helps Jen a lot no I
can't read but we're sending the love
his way as well see you guys tomorrow
peace have you ever seen a belly button
in your life
hey I haven't my handy haha we had super
dad day mmm you gotta do a little
research people before you leave some
shade like that Shane
