have you ever seen a belly button in
your life I haven't so slightly worried
about Jen right now it's almost midnight
I took to the hospital and I talked to
the doctor on call for our doctor
and then we have another sick person
today well this time it's not me it's
Jenna and that's I just said well I'm
sick enough that you Jenna I just had
like a rough night sleeping here
woke up early good back a key which
we're kind of like yeah like is that
back later but I don't know I'm I don't
think so
I mean it's a worry just because I'm in
my third trimester but I think I just
got one no one got yeah that was two
days ago Noah when he was sick it kind
of came in like waves we could tell I
mean he obviously can't tell us that but
we could tell you like that well and
then he'd feel sick and then felt well
and I feel like that's gonna happen
yeah I don't feel like I'm gonna be sick
or anything daddy has to hold you today
yeah that's my mommy's not foolin with
ya
so anyways Jenna's gonna kind of rest
here today we got invited to go to the
Millers house to watch the Broncos and
Steelers game so Noah and I are gonna go
do that right now a little while I'll
head over there but Jen needs a rest day
so I'm gonna get Noah we're gonna take
off we're gonna watch the game with some
friends and hopefully Jen starts feeling
better yeah yes let me know though if
anything changes like like slightly
nervous slightly nervous like I know you
know anytime you're pregnant and
especially as he get closer to it then
you start feeling like back pains and
stuff yeah I'm like is it like last time
let me go into the game okay watching
football let mommy rest your mommy
kisses tell her to feel better I know
you can tell she does it feel ill either
her legs look either the Modi
being here because there's so much to
explore and find would you get every
single ball to me it's got a nice little
friend to play with
hey who's on the phone you say hi oh you
so cute say hi you say hi no where'd you
go hey bud
watch out you give her a kiss oh that
was so nice of you thank you to go look
at the dinosaur you go look at the
dinosaur sweet as big as notice is that
cool or what
look who's back the cool dude did you
look like you're like a California kid
you wanna you wanna put those back on
now hold on to him for you know it's
pretty happy though he's got all these
friends to play with this is not your
average sent Sunday afternoon ginger the
game it's kind of fun Jen's been texting
me she said took a bath she's kind of
feeling better but we're gonna continue
to monitor everything and if she feels
just as bad tomorrow she's gonna see the
doctor for sure yeah go film everyone
okay reporting it from over there
another angle you need to edit it to
different angles
oh I got Aaron again welcome back
Stevie Wonder's yeah wait what about
Bodi
where's Bodi come on the door I open the
door he's eating rice cream
he's gonna use one of these spoons it's
like a plastic spoon it's good
you knew you did that was nice of you
we're not telling mom they're having ice
cream brownie you know what that no-good
some like we're home should we go see
our mom's doing I've been texting her
but let's go check in on our okay daddy
let's go see mommy mommy don't give her
kisses
did you miss mom oh you miss your mommy
he's your best friend are you feeling
okay kind of same you had fine
beginning at the end of you ever seen a
belly button in your life we had super
day rest where no ago the daddies on the
bus go we had lost it
so slightly worried about Jen right now
it's almost midnight I took to the
hospital and I talked to the doctor on
call for our doctor and they're worried
that she might have a kidney infection
her back is still hurting she has a
fever it's not like super high so we got
her some Tylenol Andrew monitoring her
if things get worse and the pain gets
worse we will go to the hospital tonight
to see if they can help with anything
like the emergency room we're really
trying to make it through the night
so we can go to the doctor in the
morning but if things get worse and if
the pain just continues then we will go
it's tough because Jen is always like
never sick she's always on top of things
and so to see you're feeling sick like
this and going through so much pain is
really tough everything is also a lot
more intense in fragile when you're
pregnant you know so we'll keep
monitoring her and hopefully she gets
better tonight hopefully she starts
feeling better oh you guys know
Thank You Garrett if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood he's ahead of the
beat
