he's excited first time sledding I'm so
keep his little snow pants this is me
someone woke up feeling much better I
walk into his bedroom when he is just
jumping on his on his mattress like holy
Anand juban can tell hiya bottom out it
was really cute I don't know what
yesterday was me and Sam are still good
so I'm keeping my fingers crossed knock
on wood that it wasn't a flu or anything
I think he just hates I'm gonna didn't
set a wall stomach it was my french
toast hey coat all hues you look so much
older today
last night we're discussing that we
might go sledding or something like that
we haven't been sledding at all this
year I've been setting him forever oh
thank you he likes to share when he
colors together and you already wanted
breakfast and everything so I'm glad
you're feeling better buddy you slept
good last night too much yeah it looks
beautiful he colors about 10 times a day
we have a fun day hey yeah that looks
great
Oh
Oh
we broke the bike out this morning and
bb-8 helmet because that ceiling that
fit today I never realized how big this
kid said is he has a big head I guess
trying to get him used to pushing it
himself cuz he knows that I can like we
can push him on it and that's what i was
doing for a little while now you sit on
the seat good job there you go push it
around hold it with both hands we gotta
learn balance huh Oh Bobby that works
too i mean you're not really riding it
but i guess you're becoming one you're
becoming one with the bike it's okay
yeah okay sit down the sit down bingo
okay he's insisting on doing it by
himself now he would not let me assist
him which is great good job turning good
good you did it keep going bb-8
yes right there i put a w for the Cubs
2015 you can actually see some of my
board because there is blood painting
and setting up this story a slab and a
kid sled pull you around me wow that's
cool so we started humming this up and
we're like wow it doesn't look anything
like the tube on the box but it's
actually starting to expand I was like
wait I get the wrong size tube it
reminded me of the time that we thought
we had ordered a mixing bowl for our
wedding registry but it was really like
this small sounds like great did that
just happen to us again is the picture
duping us but I think it's actually
gonna stretch and be big that's not it's
a lot bigger than it was though already
we'll keep pumping you see me pumping
nose blogging now oh yeah hay bum pin
there's mom we're going sledding baby
are you excited first time sledding he's
excited show me how excited you say
cheeks anyway first time sledding looks
like eating his little snow pants that's
fine make sure you turn he's going oh
gosh no telling i guess no all up in his
face from those feet from his feet
washing snow oh my gosh that mustache
needs to go no i must know i'm sure i'd
want to take my new ID picture i'm gonna
have this nasty mustang but me and logan
are both gonna do it we're gonna shave
our chin hair and flavor saver and just
keep the scale you ever so much
discussed it yeah it is good why
all these kids over here just went down
in a huge train on one huge sletten it
looked really scary oh my gosh was it
fun your first time oh he's ready to go
again we need a small hill that's gonna
get drilled us know music I know just
don't put your feet all the way down is
it scary his first time the boggin
there's a buckle in there for him
guys gonna go daddy's going to take a
turn I'm going don't knock any kids out
kobayashi Wow lookie he's gone all the
way that's him that's him over there you
always that yeah guy went fast fungal
again we'll go wit when daddy gets back
you want to take no he really wants to
go look babe no too much snow you space
I should just a couple times and then
I'd get a nice little workout in are you
okay yeah no good aut look like give
enough room we don't need a push this is
me
right at the head jump right at that
point where we got air i frickin like
you scooted so far forward and I was
like barely hanging on to that chick no
it's just like shoveling in my face dude
so first I'm sledding not sure if know
it snows favorite thing in the world
plus we get going pretty fast no scary
and he doesn't really know what's going
on yet and all the snow in the face what
do you think dude yeah you just want to
like watch everyone go down huh it's a
baby snowman so this is also David's
first time sledding he's having fun it's
really fun to slow down this hill it's
pretty intense and he's gonna go for the
big dog up there right now so let's
watch his run here he goes this is much
more intense than it probably looks like
a passy going oh my gosh oh no I went
consuming in MSA oh that was like almost
you intense for me to handle my hand
stuck I was getting so much snow my face
I couldn't even breathe sounds like
David you try it that was I was going
way too fast oh my gosh this is so
intense yeah he's got for his feet down
that's an intense sledding slope now
epic I hit a bump at his song so much
ice Leah that is frozen and he like
don't have any control oh no way like ah
let it ride dude ladies and gentlemen
that is the biggest snowman I've ever
seen in my life I think it up all the
way that is for me that's for I think
almost looks like a statue of since our
like Beethoven or ah no no Harriet
Harriet Tubman hey Jim good time you're
fine not sure about the snow in the face
uni unlike a face mask yeah I don't did
wear it though oh yeah
ah fun time sledding for the first time
oh yeah dance dance dance oh you just
punched the door go ahead don't you ham
roast would take a menage careful oh
okay good now yeah he's just like a
little koala on your back as if he's
gonna fly forward though everyone face
to face oh is that fun give daddy a kiss
hey be careful you at the Hang I'm on
holiday put the ball down oh gosh oh
gosh okay good ball ha he's gripping you
oh no are you getting bigger you can
grip on tighter oh no he's falling he's
fine he's boy good job mom Stern he's a
daddy oh no I just had a bunch of words
and names those are pretty good night
I'd have to say he actually doesn't like
the binky that much he just uses it to
sleep but sometimes he doesn't even like
it then anyways we're happy that he's
feeling better today was a pretty fun
day I am a is that he's able to bounce
back that fast but he is really good
today and happy and feeling good so it's
good to have her a little boy back good
to have you back man you say good night
to everyone thanks see you tomorrow
goodnight hey guys see you tomorrow pace
give you too soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood look
at this crazy hair
