round two Phil monogamy brand deal Jimmy
babe do like a do your hands cooler yeah
something like that you know yeah
scoot up a little bit - I feel like
you're too far back yeah you know like
no no no it's good
scoot up this way a little bit yeah like
right there's good oh you know good just
get like two more just have an option
okay there's no more yeah yeah okay
dowon's a little bit slower go slower
yeah not like super slow you you're
going to you're like walk you're like
doing this too fast
yeah not really slow just medium yes
that was good that was good
everyone's wanting a little baby update
so here is my 13 week update 13 weeks
plus a day my due date is June 11th
which is really exciting
it's not really coming up yet but we're
almost half way people this is my belly
yeah I can still suck in a little bit
but it's definitely popped out a little
bit so I'm if it's probably pumpkin pie
and banana cream pie from Thanksgiving
anyway I'm feeling pretty good
still randomly feel sick some days which
I didn't experience with either one of
my other two so that's kind of new I'm
still extremely exhausted all day every
day I just I am so tired I'm really
tired right now I don't have acid reflux
yet which is great
I get sick if I'm starving or if I eat
way too much I said that I almost saw
because I was like so full it was gross
PJ I know we're still excited that PJ
will come up and pat my chest like baby
I'm like no babies down here in my belly
and then she was Pat my belly you
excited for the baby what Noah
oh he's not excited today the baby's the
size of a peach currently which is
really cool that's like trick three
inches long pretty big
yeah just her speeches in the bridge oh
and my next appointment is my anatomy
scan and that is gonna be the beginning
of January so a couple weeks and then
we'll find out if the baby's healthy and
if the baby is a boy or girl and I think
we might do a little gender reveal
something or other at the house so I'll
be fun tonight is pizza night I mean I'm
just I just made a pizza night
and I'm making my pizza although for
somebody that bought frozen ones I just
wasn't thinking oh well we'll have those
50 tonight it is a fresh one
that was how would I like culture what
goes into a jack or a special pizza well
you have to heat up the dough before
putting the toppings on I learned that
from the Trader Joe's package and you
put it in I just put in for a few
minutes packaging usually says how long
over a dozen I just put it in for like
five minutes just until it's cooked a
little bit so it's not soggy and then
you gotta do the olive oil with the with
a salt on top of the olive oil and then
put your sauce down and then your
toppings or then your cheese than your
toppings it's pretty good pizza I think
this is my third straight day wearing
this hoodie I'm not just wearing the
hoodie I have a shirt underneath as well
but it has been cold it was 62 degrees
today
it felt freezing like right now it feels
cold outside because we're so used to
the hot hot hot and it's just funny
because I always kind of I didn't make
fun of but I always laughed in my head
at the people that like work coats guys
60 was warm in Logan Utah you know Oh 60
on a day like this
I mean it's so warm but it's just like
whoo it's a little chilly outside it
feels like winter fall come on try it
the bread squishy the breads good never
ate the bottom because she thinks it's
burned weren't the end bones that's your
ice come here I was like watching for
clothes good Oh careful go see daddy go
find him I fell a few things on Twitter
that allow me to know when there are
good deals and things that's - hey Jana
know so many Super NES daddy needs to be
better at hiding things
how much is this okay yeah oh my gosh
what daddy it's justified they post when
good deals are up like things are super
on sale and also when things restocked
that are hard to get like the fingerling
monkeys mm-hmm and in this case I was
looking at getting an admin count we've
never gotten one I've always had one as
a kid he's always when I do I get me
like really really like just based
chokolate lines have like stuff that you
know everything any but it's fun to open
each day mm-hmm I was Nima getting the
Lego ones but they were kind a little
expensive and I saw this one the is it
some some some summer I'm just like a
lot of money for Condor and this one on
sale okay so what this one on sale on
Amazon and it said I wouldn't get it
into like the 10th but I was like oh the
don't push don't push it will be fun
enough right and I can deal with that
well it came and today's the fifth so we
need to do one through five yes so we
actually have to open a couple okay so
let me explain this you guys this is an
advent calendar so every day you open
one we're gonna open up one but with the
ketchup so today's only - up we're gonna
alternate so PJ would go quick right
girls first ladies first fight for the
one EJ
and up this one we're only gonna open up
this is gonna be hard for her yeah no
this one over here bye dad - open this
one right here okay yeah all right there
push it open you start with one right
I'm not so grab it
open it up this was super on sale like
more than 50% on Oh inside out and so no
yeah sadness or no joy they know us
let's spend number two number two that's
a two yet oh right there good job okay
got it
nope this one's your sis ringers a
little mini Tinkerbell that's cute who's
up number three PJs you know maybe think
about camp inside that stuff you're
right let's open up number four PJ dump
oh no its reindeer from it's been frozen
cue little antlers oh that's cute
Christmas antlers yep this is the deal
since we're behind we're catching up
I don't know she fits in there baby's
number five okay Noah grab what's in
there no uh-huh
that's a fun way so tomorrow tomorrow we
open up number six yeah I'll be PJ okay
I probably should have gotten them each
one but this will be a true test of
sharing which is definitely important I
think this it'll be good they'll enjoy
it
right
this weekend we're excited because
they're actually going to bring snow to
the area someone texted Jen a picture of
a place and they're gonna have snow in
Arizona so we're gonna go play in it
your chose to bring a sled gloves snow
gear I didn't know that was a thing but
I'm super excited plus we need to plan
our trek to the North Pole because we're
gonna be riding the Polar Express
there's a plot expressing pink and it's
a Flagstaff area so it's a little bit of
a drive
hopefully tickets are still on sale
because I think that'd be super fun to
do every night we've been watching a
holiday movie getting ready thank you
guys for watching today's vlog hope you
guys enjoyed it woo
time is flying by it's kind of nice that
after Christmas we have the baby
ultrasound to look forward to because
after Christmas I'm always sad and I'm
really excited to find out where girl
see us tomorrow peace
Movistar what's up girl
ice-cream girl you got pokemon card and
one hand swag
