oh the tables of Jers I didn't appear
beans huh
good morning or should I say good night
so no I didn't have the best night last
night we were actually kind of
completely unaware of it going on until
this morning when we went in and saw
that he had like he is like the stomach
like an iron stomach
he never throws up I don't even know if
I want to call it throwing up last night
I mean it was there was a lot more but
then it's like spit up kind of yeah it's
still just like liquidy it's not food
yeah and I ain't fuss like he didn't cry
last night or anything yes one hand and
they're chopping this morning in them
there's a couple different places in his
room where he had like spit up kind of
in her like are you okay yeah they
pretty much cuddled us he's had a very
chill morning but he's eaten and he's
been okay yeah oh you want me to give
you a hug - he's like reaching for me
yeah so you feel relaxed morning now
we're gonna go have a little nap see how
he does the rest of the day yeah he's
already feeling better though oh yeah
he's been he was fine since he's gotten
up he just was like scared when he woke
up like throwing up and as you guys know
throwing up his gens biggest phobia and
fear and just everything in life it just
says aya tea for me
which only is what I fear does oh yeah
yeah it's the only thing that triggers
anxiety so I think we said in the blog
one time there's one time I was sick and
gents anxiety was so high from me
throwing up that she slept upstairs have
heard a phrase true and I didn't either
like I when I'm sick if I'm sick like
that I don't want someone like behind me
like rubbing my back like you can do it
I just want to be like by myself just
like I'm good yeah but your worst
experience being sick ever you were like
is pretty good one good in the morning
he's just like on the floor but it's all
good no it's why we that's why we're a
team
and gently driver team that's why I'm
here too but I'd still like freaked out
when I win are they all right no attempt
for a nap yeah okay I see his eyes are
kind of just a little tired
mmm-hmm love you okay have a good nap
you deserve a really good nap
Sam had to go help at the store cuz
we're actually moving locations which is
really exciting in the same law but just
a different space sorry for the poor
quality this is my iPhone
we are currently moving the trixin store
to a different location it's actually
still here in the mall it's bigger it's
nicer it's better so that's what's going
on right now
here's all the stuff getting ready to go
for tomorrow it's kind of messy the
light quality yeah I wish I could show
you guys my blood is on this wall so
they're all moving clothes and stuff
today and something pretty busy for them
so I think we're just gonna lay low
today and just enjoy being inside it's
also snowed last night so some days you
just especially for kids sick unis just
do nothing that day but it's okay
I'll check in once no wakes up hope you
guys have a great day and that all your
babies are healthy and family members
and that you're all healthy and not
feeling sick now back to American Idol
watching the farewell season this is a
very random thought but when we were at
Sam's Club last week we decided to try
these new or these little organic rice
bean and cheese burritos I don't like
chicken like in frozen burritos and
stuff like that I don't like eating my
further ribs I feel like it's just it's
weird for me to read that but those are
so good
it's brown rice and so they're a little
bit a little bit healthy for a frozen
burrito but I like those frozen burritos
Sam does too
we used to get out just a grocery store
but these are so much better and they
just taste like they're just better
quality it kind of like when they
explode they explode with some water so
if you guys are fans of frozen burritos
try those from Sam's Club maybe they're
at Costco - I don't really know remember
that Ghost and yesterday's vlog that was
right over there the blanket the way
this kid eats mac and cheese just makes
me laugh that's actually me I was just
kicking my feet up
people are like what the heck is that a
ghost oh hey cool dude just a couple of
cool dudes sitting here no one put this
hack but get the hats after Sam went to
upload and then he came and put one on
my head and then I put one on his head
and he was dancing around it was very
cute you didn't answer round yeah yeah
show him how cool you are
cool dude in a cool hat cool a dude in a
cool hat he was he woke up feeling great
he took like a three hour nap today
which was like crazy and then he
randomly like started gagging in but he
didn't throw up for anything and now
he's fine again so oh this way we're
playing it by ear we're gonna try to go
do something fun we've done quite a few
fun things this week so it's been good
but now I don't really want to risk even
going to the store because I don't more
germs plus I don't know what going on
with this kids to me self
you see he's fine for the most part not
found what though I made Sam come
downstairs when he was editing I was
like he just can't come downstairs just
in case I need your help am i cool now
Michael mommy Michael mommy you're cool
dude your head sideways yeah cool dude
show some dance moves cool dude you just
want my lap cool mommy cool baby I can't
handle it okay hey no I not feeling so
great today huh another update for you
bubby it's just the Hat I can't handle
that it's so cute
you're so cute
duties are you acting tough now yeah I
can talk now
ya know say hi say hi to the people say
love you like my cool hat Noah always
goes to open the door when he hears the
garage open cuz he knows it's daddy
daddy got something for you don't mind
our trash bag really I love this when I
was about two years old so it might be a
little early I use any on the couch is
he ready Wow you got your own golf club
I sure did when I was about your age
Wow Wow he's still gonna love that
that's your size whoa he's probably
gonna think it's a baseball bat but
we'll try like that and then you hit the
ball like this you come up like that and
then you go whoa what's for babies just
kind of get his mind yeah we've played a
lot while you were gone we did this is
could use that club yeah that's not just
a you know his age yeah he playing with
tail in the summer but it was still a
bat then so cool bye what you want the
blue one huh the blue weird wha wheeze
and we played on the mat and we did
puzzles hang the ball over like this and
you go like this yeah
pop them down or something oh oh they're
little T's babe those a little thing
that you hit it's right yeah put the
ball down good job
oh that's close use two hands rinse your
hands you use two hands like this hey
daddy show you hold it like this it's
like let me just whack it father's a
whack it dad oh you know Noah's not
feeling well when he doesn't even want
to eat anything yeah toast rice sweet
potatoes this is the least picky kid we
know when it comes evening he's less
picky than both me and Jen I'll just eat
anything so this is kind of how it's
been for the past couple hours oh but
the cameras on so uh I have bowls come
on baby we're doing day-long change
it's really late it's 1:30
and Sam's jumping around and I'm like I
wish I could just be a fly on the wall
right now because I'm just think you're
jumping up for the basketball we hope
you enjoyed today's vlog
we gotta stayed in and now I get better
hopefully he's feeling better
we've checked on them seems to be doing
well we're gonna go to bed great
tomorrow and I'll see you then
bye madam public
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood the tables after ah
I didn't appear beans huh
cuz I'm making her laugh and you'll
never know why she's laughing
