the way this kid eats mac and cheese
just makes me laugh he does so well the
spoon now he like puts it in his mouth
so quick like that sort of it doesn't
spill which I'm very grateful for but
it's just so funny Oh goodbye goodbye
he's such a funny eater Janna oh good
night oh yeah we've been watching vlogs
Oh careful
we've been watching vlogs this morning
and it's like who's been watching old
summer vlogs from last time when we were
in New York and like he was so little
then and chubby now he's getting so tall
and grown up and he's feeding himself
mac and cheese with a plastic spoon it's
just so cute here you go I love you are
you getting some big brother practice
yeah take her in the house
what's up YouTube fam I'm coming to you
on my iPhone because jenna has the
camera I have a meeting today and I'm
doing some other things with tricks and
and her day is just a lot more
entertaining than mine so I left the
camera there so snowy this morning it's
been snowing ever since I got home I
just been chilling watching vlogs all
morning no one loves watching his
cousins so we've been watching marriage
on repeat morning maybe we'll go to
indoor play place next door or something
we got to get a house at some point
today because he's watched too much
television
we're back in the tent parking cars
against the wall oh we don't make
someone a park them away like against
the wall thank you what are you doing
you don't get all your cars good job you
go get your other ones oh did you find
another car who is that who is that guy
who is it what's his name do you like
your tent that's a yes you mean yes
we're still getting used to the nodding
our head first part I think let me just
say though that I am so grateful for Jen
and especially I'm just impressed by how
she has carried herself throughout this
pregnancy I think we said when she 27
weeks pregnant
is that right 27 and she like never
complains about it sometimes at night
she's like oh I'm hungry but like that's
not a complaint I get hungry too I feel
like she always puts Noah and me ahead
of everything and she's just so
unselfish we live in a cold place where
it is snowing some days you know it's
like almost like dangerous to go outside
because it's so cold and yet she's
always coming up with fun activities
inside the house and outside and I just
think she's the greatest mom in the
world and wife it's something that I
always saw in her like I always thought
like you know the day that we have kids
I just know you're gonna be a great mom
and she really is she's amazing
being a mom is tough do you know what
color that is
the orange get all your cars organized
good job you do it and some more as you
jump away he's been like running and
jumping as he goes to get more cars oh
here put it this way he wants to show
his motorcycle see there it is there you
go oh no I just woke up from his nap
argh Maties
is smokin look you look way too big for
this tent no and I'm gonna take a nap in
here one day no I mean just maybe your
upper body will fit in there
oh we stack in trucks today Wow okay can
you get out of there
ready close your eyes one two three
seven eight okay I think you're just
trying to copy you a few moments later
he's never actually like used the track
before and today he's using the track
for the first time and actually pushing
his cars on it and it's so cute
makes me wanna get a little track that
fine we find some cars the artists at
work this is the first time I've ever
wanted to paint here no you guys dip it
back in the blue good job see there's
different paint brushes for each color
so you not mix them so it's beautiful
he's really into art I throw another one
no no put it back in here want to switch
colors yes let go of this one you guys
switch can use this paintbrush for that
color okay Oh paint on the paper on the
paper okay beautiful here try purple
look oh that one try this one try this
one
nope on the paper on the paper it's hard
to tell what's the paper and what's the
wall Wow oh yeah you're getting your
hand nice and colorful aren't ya he's
like oh let me see my gosh
okay did you find dinosaurs and dirt
yeah a little bit of coloring to that as
well this first piece of art well on
paper with paint from this place looks
so great yeah thank you but it's not
many people know this about me one of
the like top things that makes me like
cringe like nails on a chalkboard it's
like it's pretty similar that's just
chalk chalk I think people like scraping
chalk with their nails
right I don't know you've noticed
handing you this
a console on your feet or dry cotton fun
dry skin are you getting some big
brother practice yeah take her in the
house
good job I'm gonna carry the baby around
hey are you putting on a show in here
good job you see you think Nina Petre is
all about this babysit feed the baby put
it in her milk can help feed PJ when she
comes
you know help bpj good job good big
brother so tonight for dinner
is this a lot it's time for dinner we're
having breakfast for dinner usually I do
like a shirt usually we'll do like eggs
for like lunch and stuff but I'm going
all out guys
I'm making french toast
which I don't I've never made french
toast my mom when I was younger when we
were younger even in high school even I
guess that was when I was younger as
well um made the best french toast ever
it was like my favorite thing when she
owned it Christian I love french toast
with a passion but I've never attempted
to make it and then I went on Pinterest
I was like oh it's really simple mix up
all those ingredients it's like a really
nothing it's like six angry it's five
degrees so so we're doing tonight my
avocado chicken burritos fell through
because Sam want to have one with
avocado so bought few extra and he went
through like three of them and they just
like we're bad already they're just not
in season that flop so tonight we're
doing fresh toast we went to the little
indoor play place for like two hours so
I'm like okay you just chill while mom
cooks cuz and he was not happy to leave
he thought getting back in that car seat
let me tell you when kids arch and don't
want get in that car seat they like look
they are so strong when they want to be
strong what do you think of your first
time experiencing french toast
how's it taste pretty good I think you
just like it cause it's basically pure
sugar you don't like it you seem to like
it to me hmm I take for my first time
making french toast it's not too shabby
it's not my mom's that's not too bad
Kanoa witnessing history right now Jimmy
Butler game-winner here no nervous
Thunder get the ball get the ball taking
ahead thousand times
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood come on balls oh oh
we got a phallus we're up to with 19
seconds left they have to fast or also
may have won see lately just realized it
poor coaching
