we go Oh guys oh oh this is bad angle
for me there we go well yeah there's bad
angle for me
good day everybody
fantastic my hair is having shake it
like this and it was like that was late
for high like an afro this morning I was
just like do you like dancing okay
anyway I had a doctor's women it went
great day weeks I'm almost 27 I believe
we said 27 this week that means were
almost like I know I'm then forced away
there in case she's like all right time
for you to start like your two-week
appointments and so that for a week and
I was like wait what to employment so
they're every two weeks now which is
just like training dumped on us it is I
was thinking today was like we have a
car seat oh yeah we already have a car
seat no one those last like five years
right so we're gonna take it
so we're mean and we have the same
secret so we don't need a bunch of stuff
like we have a changing mat we have a
bunch of clothes
I mean stir-crazy we're just gonna kind
of wing it this time I think once I get
cloak gets closer I'm gonna be like in
nesting crazy modes like G's or space
cuz just really it was around last time
when Jen went into nesting mode like two
months early it was the best weekend
queen Billie stuff don't you poop sneak
something my new work Oh guys was like
no poop though but it's only good yeah I
was kind of intense when before Noah
came
hi it was good you had the glucose test
ahead drink the orange drink it's not
that bad it's just too much like I wish
I just had to drink like half of it like
orange like melted orange hotter pops
yeah but not in like a whole drink this
size yeah like it's good like half way
through and then you're like okay that's
enough sugar cuz it's like all just pure
sugary tasty and nastiness look at the
check if you have diabetes diabetes
they'll call if anything's wrong if they
don't call and everything's fine I'd
rather them just call and say like
nothing's wrong
yeah I mean I see my two weeks again so
I'm like I get a little sugar crazy when
I'm pregnant you've definitely had more
of an appetite this pregnancy for sure
like oh yeah
at night he always like oh man really go
for a milkshake and make some toast but
I don't go for a milkshake
I've had one milkshake this entire
pressure you didn't buy a thing of
donuts yesterday and she's like these
donuts are so good I didn't even get to
try I can't say anything I eat like that
anyways and I'm not even pregnant
everything they don't use eat like this
and I'm not pregnant I'm Way more strict
with myself when I'm not pregnant but
whenever I'm like well just get this
chocolate even though I should be more
restrict when I'm pregnant
I need to cut back though cuz I'm
reaching that limit of weight gain that
you don't want to surpass I can already
I can see it anyway anyway that's what
we're actually doing reading up with J
house vlogs cuz they're in town for a
wedding a couple of weeks a couple weeks
ago couple months ago maybe like a year
ago we mentioned their channel and now
we're hanging out
yeah met him before and blogger your
fair was it anyways we're really excited
to see them have some fun
it was exciting he loves bouncing slide
there's actually people yeah let's say
there's a lot of people here I think I'm
no one here birthday party or something
so I should be fine to spend some time
with them and chat while they're in town
they have a really cute family used just
like obsessed with them when she first
found on my kids you like they're so
cute let's go hang out
and they're racing right now racing me
hope
right I think you fancy Pete you came in
there's a mouth Cynthia for the first
time ever
never been near the freakin
you guys look at their batching you guys
are matching you think mom she I can't
even go again Noah
today I'm extra mass today yes you VI
inside like extra friction honor no it's
like I wanted again this line whoa
yeah it's a little slice Zig mom don't
let go don't let go
okay fine okay
oh she's a little faster no you got to
lose some weight but we adopted a
daughter getting some practice okay good
job no he keeps carrying this thing all
by himself
oh I'm tired are you tired you ready to
go you give mommy kisses
high five man dude you this kids amazing
he knows everything about sports more
than I do he knows more about my own
teams than I do
high five to have fun yeah that's fun do
did you have fun
carga high five boom here we go bragging
rights for the parents guys place your
bets
this is the most tiring thing I've ever
done in my life who do you guys want to
win your dad he's going oh gosh this
thing ever so our kids sitting here
watching mom and dad
no is this your first date hey make sure
you pay for everything okay and open her
door chivalry is not dead
kisses we're gonna just arrange your
marriage okay
Oh like whatever
so it might have been the cutest no no
we just got back from such a fun like
evening we had a whole evening with a
house full outing we went to the
bouncing slide and it was just so good
to talk to them they're just there I
just kept saying like every time got the
car like soon they're just the nicest
people it's just so different cause like
they're in a different stage of
parenting and their kids like totally
they're used to it other than being they
said they're so freakin nice I got a
video of Lauren is so great you guys
haven't seen them we gave them like a
little shout out months ago months month
but all put a link to their channel yeah
check them out they have the cutest
little family ever seriously wait for
when Sam first when I first learned
about them I was like I need to be
friends it was like obsessed house with
like everything like remember the whole
evening with them and it was just so
great what could go to the birthday
party
I know it's Elise's birthday this month
and she's having the coolest little fun
princess party ever and I wish I could
go kept I'm like dang I wish I can go
that party anyway so if you guys are
interested in checking out their little
family
they'll be at it it'll be in the
description ha did you have fun
did you follow by night you made lots of
new friends
today okay what just came well there's
students kind of like let's see people
know what it is well you already said
what it was to know it looks like a
stool it's called a squatty potty but
you're supposed to squat are you
supposed to stand up or is that how you
sit on the toilet
oh this whole time I thought you were
supposed to literally like stand and
poop like this wives I'm squatting but
not really your knees are just elevated
can't you just elevate your knees on to
the side of the tub that would be like
the weirdest thing ever you like so you
still sit you still sit on the toilet
you just put your feet up so weird Sam
really bye guys you know like thank you
just for a potty Noah I want to try to
talk to you how will you try it first
like I thought this was how I was
supposed to stand do it like this would
Noah in between my legs before the body
and if you just already sitting that's
you going your knees are elevated my dad
takes me can I talk to you later so this
really cute tip we're gonna spend it for
Noah and it came look at him figure out
you took it out of there what is that no
I took you to my route 10 look how cute
that is
The Playhouse should we open that up
take it look at how you just carry that
over huh
dad's an open it for you this is great
maybe we should have this in the corner
and just shove all the toys in there
yeah we gotta bring some more toys back
upstairs
yes he's slowly but surely like just
keeps
the toys back down look at him get on
his knees now he had a girl knows me
like you I wonder if it just pops up
cool okay fast-forward all right set up
are you gonna show daddy Wow hey buddy
you show mommy Oh mommy look at that
nice a pretty cool tent bubby you can
put your stuff in it you put your toys
in there hi Wow KC thanks grandpa and
grandma no no pull the poles oh my god
that's the only bad thing if the poles
can be seen
hey yeah do you like this tent it's
pretty cool we have a sleepover in here
I don't think mom would ever let us not
into your little older and I know you'll
actually fall asleep oh you never go to
sleep sleepovers mmm did Grandpa okay
fine say grandpa say grandma you say
thank you say thank you love you oh gosh
Oh
Oh guys oh oh this is bad angle for me
there we go
well there's bad angle for me oh and
vanilla okay good night oh I'm calling
the game I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be
good you better believe it I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood
are you gonna have a little race but
dude is lining up all your cars that's
so good
you're lining up all your cars the
cutest thing I've ever seen
it's just lining up Whoville cards all
of them though all of them are facing
the outside good job but that is so cool
