good morning sweet world I'm Claire and
I'm Trisha and you're watching Samak
Awards Happy New Year in peace it's safe
to say that we have found heaven for
Noah yeah we'll be here twice a week at
least once a week
someone insisted on wearing their New
Jordans set
El Padrino Gotham even though they're a
couple sizes too big he's like dude
got put these on today let me see your
shoes do you woke up first thing it is
run over you're like let me put these on
no jumping around oh they're too big you
seem to wear them pretty well a little
like squeaky I can't write this morning
no and I are hanging out together we are
gonna go see some puppies I think
there's like this rent a puppy toddler
time and we've never been before so
we're gonna go check it out I don't
think I can let him wear those shoes
which I'll probably disappoint him but
we'll see how it goes I think he'll
really enjoy it this morning when I said
hey I said hey do you want to go see the
puppies Noah he was like yeah new I'm
running into his room and let me change
his diaper and put his pants on him but
she never does he hates putting clothes
on and getting changed so we got to go
soon okay he loves those shoes dude
those are nice your dad put his art see
the doggy
don't you give me kisses
like he's been there
very no puppies
I think it's safe to say that Noah loves
dogs
he's up there I go
it's safe to say that we have found
heaven for Noah yeah we'll be here twice
a week at least once a week I'm going
dance even to this nonsense music that's
good music first let's see it
dance Disney day on has opted to take
Noah through the big playground
gillo workout in this morning
know that seriously loves this place
done how have we not been here already
we didn't know about it I thought it was
like just like a new thing
I know a long time now that we do know
about it we will be here at least today
I guess he loves it so much good
activities hanging out with other kids
just getting familiar have being around
little people and you get that a lot of
energy Hyundai on think thank you day on
we'll buy you lunch help
pregnant women stuck in child playground
whoa can you see everyone out there good
workout for today oh gosh tip these
holes are so small would you look what
the cat dragged in
uncle poopies here no who is this David
see my name's Eli yeah you push the
button didn't you you always push
buttons and others TV gets all wonky
whoo
no uncle poopy came by to uh help me
watch no because same has the car to
charge the end of bogies Oh No so I can
run to the store because I'm cooking
tonight I've got those recipes I print
out like in the summer and we cook
something from there again I've been
feeling like yeah it's cook
I mean last night I kind of cooked just
kidding I bought a rotisserie chicken
which is better than fast food for 2/3
chicken it is so I'm saving the rest of
what that is the rest of what that is
the rest of the rotisserie chicken
appeared yesterday for avocado
three-dose tomorrow and then tonight we
are having creamy spinach tomato pasta
my head that was way more exciting you
know the do bonk your head we're having
pasta fancier spaghetti because I'm
making the sauce but it's really good
I've made this and I really liked it so
this is why I didn't want to cut it it's
like one small onion I like to be
precise tell me how much onion to cut
well I'd say that was a success an empty
pan it was really good turnout I think I
liked it better this time I can't
remember the last time we had it
actually I don't know last time we had
this pasta I totally remember it was
when the day Calvin was born in Jackson
spent the night that night and I had
made this pasta for the first time so
it's been a while about six months since
I've made this pasta and I would say six
months really gave you time to sizzle
the skill and like that sizzle the skill
and it was much better the second time
around
you can even have it the first time you
know I was very accurate
no I liked it too he made some garlic
bread it was good and now Sam's off the
bowl night and poopy goes to work in a
couple hours and then oh yeah oh yeah
your office tonight forgot you're off
tonight show me all Mario goes for a
ride
Wow your dad would be so proud to be
playing with that Mario huh I know I'm
sorry
I dare you do the laundry and help me
out and gently I never I always do
remember to like grab everything else
and then I accidentally I dried that but
I dried a shirt you're the white Union
one I know you're not the same it still
fits I did that's right whoops
Danny Longstreet daddy use them to get
my clothes to be hair closed hey no I
don't think that would fit me this belly
this belly that is poppin
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
