you know I say something in interrupts
Jen talking no you can't Jenna's the
greatest man that ever walked this earth
she's been sitting here I I've been
getting all my emails i put some early
vlog today just reading everything done
starting the week off right at Jenn
sitting here setting up this whole like
scenario she has animals are sitting
here she's making paw patrol music any
noise sounds whatever you want to say
she's like here comes Ryder paw patrol
know what from Goliath Noah in a couple
months we'll have someone else laying
here with us and then we'll have to save
her from evil Goliath no he's really
nice down to the core he's so nice maybe
even set up yeah you guys have seen that
we have zombies right Noah what noise is
a zombie make yep oh brain hamburgers
I'm right it sounds delicious no do you
know how creative a mom you have do you
love your mom
good morning sweet world
hope you're having a great day today I
was gonna say wonderful there's actually
a montage out there of us just saying
wonderful in various vlogs and it is
hilarious great and wonderful day I had
a wonderful day a wonderful it's been
wonderful to have a wonderful day and
have a wonderful weekend
have a wonderful and a wonderful have a
wonderful day so wonderful I thought we
would talk about baby names or how we
got to Penelope
first off Noah is the number one baby
name right now which is not if anything
we try and avoid that but it was that
when we were naming him I think it was
like soon after though it wasn't the top
name and I looked the other day it's
like top 20 names so my sister her kids
are named Darby olive and Pippa and she
always went by that like the name can't
be in the top like a hundred or 200 list
or else she's not gonna use it we're not
necessarily like that but it's kind of
funny that Noelle have to have five
letters and stuff like that too so yeah
so we don't know we didn't have rules
like that necessarily Noah and then his
middle name gray Cray is one we just
thought it sounded good I also thought
it sounded good
yeah I mean that was kind of like they
came up with it though I said well that
no a great basketball yeah we're outside
you noobs well there you go
and then Penelope isn't from what I last
my looked it wasn't in the top 100 or if
it was it was like 50 or 60 yeah I can't
remember it's probably the top 7500 girl
names I was like scrolling and like the
peas until I got all the way down I
wasn't like on top list when I was
looking by next year Penelope will be in
the top ten and not because of us that's
just how it has been going so far I
don't know anyways I guess yeah and we
found out was the zoella book girl ma
yeah yeah so in that book it's more of a
coincidence because I did read her book
a couple years ago when it first came
out and I knew the main characters no I
I didn't remember the other girl's name
was penny yeah and I didn't I wasn't
aware of that until someone tweeted me
and said Noah and Penny and they're not
I think they like like each other yeah
yeah but in our life
they'll be siblings that's how we're we
came up with it how did you get to
Penelope though I was just looking
through names and I was like oh I like
Penelope absolutely what list so I put
it down on my list yeah and for me like
I love the name but you know when
there's like people out there that are
related to the name that you think of
and like in my past there was someone
that like really didn't like me that
went by that name and so I was like
actually use it but you know you when
you give a child a name they truly grow
into it when we named Noah like I said
before we weren't like oh the biblical
character Noah we're gonna name him
after that and to me like I think of
Noah before the Bible character which is
maybe bad I don't know but like they
just kind of grow into their name and
they become that person and the same
will happen with Penelope penny no it
wasn't the first name we had like other
names first like Sam really liked who
tell the name you really liked for a
while sure what was it
scout oh yeah I really like the name
scout I don't know why and it's so weird
because a couple years ago I would have
hated that name yeah but I didn't like
it enough so you don't steal it if we
ever use it the other thing I said the
other day is like I don't know at all
our I know what my sister's naming her
child and I won't say by the way she's
having a girl my sister so they could be
born even our team different yeah
Courtney we're talking Matt and Haley
are having a boy Courtney and my my
sister Brittany is having a girl they
could be born on the same day okay which
is crazy and I'm not gonna say her name
but they have a cute name for her as
well I don't know what everyone else
like all our other friends are choosing
for their name I know we're like people
on the internet so I'm kind of glad
we're getting this out cuz it's like
okay you didn't see our name cuz I don't
know what people are going with so
anyways what I was gonna say too is Jane
is kind of a name yeah I've always loved
the name Jane but I didn't think I'd
ever used the name Jane for some reason
I don't know I've always liked mean like
it was kind of like in the
to category like we were like named Lucy
yeah my mom suggested it yeah and then I
was thinking more of like like having a
longer will name and then your mom
suggested Jana it kind of goes with the
same flow of like Noah gray Penelope
Jane yeah you know like that so that's
how we got to it um a lot of people name
these middle names for people in their
family like my middle name is after my
dad
Samuel Douglas and we haven't really
done that and it's not because we don't
love our family one of my sisters use my
dad's name and we also like are always
worried about showing like favoritism
you know like we don't want to offend
anyone that we shouldn't worry about
that because it's our child and it's the
name we're gonna give but that's just
kind of give them their own name so if
you guys have any other questions that
we haven't mentioned about the name
heaven went through the process and
things like that it wasn't just like oh
that sounds good we really thought about
it and have talked about it for a while
but if you have any other questions I
know seriously every single day I love
it more and more it grows on me more and
more and I cannot wait little baby I've
been watching old blogs of Noah and I
just would be like oh man I can't
believe it
she's so small I know even if she's big
she's gonna be small I know I've been
thinking about that too can like the
wife know was so big but like looking
back he was still like a little tiny
newborn it'll be fun to see things the
second time around
oh yeah for summer and we're just
shocked yeah big time around you're like
yeah I feel my hands gonna be much more
calm this time than just but we're also
be like it's me like to meet you you
know I mean you versus them I know so
I'm excited so if you guys have any
other questions let us know we'll try
and answer
it's let me there
good dancing
no where are you Marius I really hope no
I'm ever gonna do dangers to full dance
left in the car one day even when he's a
teenager teenager I hope he still busts
a move with us Wow no that's that's
closed it's closed not quite it's closed
look at okay no more no more
there's too many balls there's too many
we were in this color of Ecology paint
markers and stuff and I showed knowing
that there was a Daniel tiger and then I
showed him the paw patrol one and he
started freaking out and then he just
grabs it from me and throws it in the
park he takes and puts in the car he's
so funny hey did you put this in the
cart did you want that nice uh funny cuz
you did it like it was nothing I know
well here we go I'm gonna get it so
funny that kids got enough you guys for
now was it
call his name Hey is he coming over yeah
you see him did you see him
Carly's name call this name yeah tail
tail you pretending knock on his door
are you trying to knock on this door
it's cold out there isn't it cold
yeah yeah call his name cold buddy come
in come in who is that you here I'm
calling your name did you hear no
calling you he's saying yep show me your
hat
no wanted to wear a hat like tayo today
ku dude's cool dude I can do what can
you do backwards hats you guys look so
cool with the backwards hat so these
amazing markers we were really excited
about I just tried it out right here on
our to DT up there in the red it bled
through everywhere we go they're like
sold out of these adult coloring book
stuff we do have colored pencils that
people have suggested but then I went to
Michael's and I got these they're opaque
marker set they're kind of for like
paper invitations they're more like
paint actually and it's a little harder
because when you use them like if you go
over the black the black will actually
disappear so I had to like go back and
add black with the fine point but it
kind of like it has like a texture even
I really like them people were asking on
Twitter what they were those are the
markers I got 18 piece set so I've been
using those
and then also John these are the ones
that Jen got for Christmas which are
really nice these don't bleed through oh
yeah we got to take these back we just
tried one real quick they bleed through
and they're totally not worth it to hold
on
plus we have our colored pencils I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
know what can you say PJ no can you say
Penelope
