good morning sweet world
I just uploaded the vlog for today it is
starting to snow again we've gotten snow
frequently but not like a lot of snow
probably have about ten inches to a foot
on the ground right now not on the roads
but just in the grass which I guess is
kind of a lot we want to go sledding but
the last time we try to go sledding
there weren't sleds anywhere everywhere
is sold out so hopefully this dang town
and get some more sleds or we might have
to make our own I'll have to go carve
some out of wood and build it out my
parents just texted me love you mom and
dad today we're gonna prep up for like a
little baby reveal it's nothing crazy
there's an idea that Jenna and I had
maybe it'll be in this vlog judging by
the title you'll know if it is or not
anyways you guys are my steering wheel
right now I'm not gonna drive with you
guys there I'll just back out whoa I
gotta get you guys off here my sister
got me that little monopod thing it's
kind of fun to attach the things anyways
it's gonna be a good day
but what day isn't
oh no it like this or be scared of this
I haven't been to a car wash in forever
last night when we were driving back
we actually got behind two salt trucks
and they were slightly dumping salt on
us
it was terrible so definitely had to get
a clean job today because there this
world
this is kind of like the Disneyland of
car washes hi
who's that who is that is that chase
how's your nap
excuse me TV coma yay
do another one twist it twist it not
your body look at like this he knows how
to cheer I think it officially knows
what a bulge games on mom yeah and then
you'll see out there with this arms up
early post game which is fun yeah okay
so today you missed the car wash which I
actually blocked part of it okay good
there's like a little light show in
there and that but they leave anybody
for something for the baby name revealed
chemical blend is that we talked about
who is this mr. businessman on the
computer except for this
these men don't use that when you're
working on and you know work on our
budgeting yeah they're on financing
entity or what which one he's soft okay
you guys that one good job every time we
park at any parking lot now no one knows
that we're getting on yeah
right so bored and so he's been a little
naughty so we're gonna go look and see
if we can find something to go with this
little baby named reveals guys another
glover cool just an idea
so yeah so advanced you last time very
true
so just noticed they have the old Harry
Potter books here like the old covers
mean same Harry Potter book and now they
have these new covers the trailer I
think they're trying to vamp it up pull
up their big things exciting again for
the new day goes well together too look
at how pretty they are there's yeah I
like them I like them a lot it's pretty
cool I love rose vinegar classic rock
man yeah that's our Harry Potter big
craze these days has been and Jen got
one for Christmas
they've a whole color me happy yeah over
here we've got all of the the coloring
craze books what I want them it's a
pretty cool okay which one do you want
oh well that's a big one
Wow Oh pirate therapy is what they're
calling it these those are fun we might
need to get another set of markers or
crayons or that's really pending yes
that one is pretty cool oh I kind of
want another one you can get it well my
name's you
what's been to join oh pretty I like
that football chat dalla game gets my
scream hey hey what are you what are you
coloring same just started this first
picture look at that if I like one of
these a lot I will take another page and
like frame it like I picture some day to
have a very nice office and like geeky
stuff and maybe cool that your own that
you make yourself colored right Aaron's
tempted right that names tell he wishes
he had that coloring book right now he's
gonna go buy one he just asked you just
asked where to get it like they're cute
that's what everyone says even on the
coloring books it says art therapy the
boys have been hassling Tyler as well
tonight he tweeted me and I said I'm
coming back I said Tyler in person
that's it you just wait it could have
been worse it could have been worse
anyway they might stop buying geometry I
just realized Haley leaves tomorrow I
think she just texts me back no she did
it she's not you guys what have you made
Haley mad at me and I did nothing wrong
put down the mic referee Dejan stay away
from is more yeah they have any started
that
you're really we're gonna sleep with
Tyler and day on and Sam all the way
through my gear they're gonna like this
Aaron and brushing your hair and perch
and I'm brushing your hair
Aaron something though look at this kid
he even pulled up a picture that's the
thing though when does my hair once I
get to jar-jar binks like I'm gonna want
to shade his skin to be like the shadows
like the different colors and stuff
right hopefully this I think everything
for me gonna get too uh OCD with this
color you said you made the eyes all
cool yeah they're cool Wow babe most
people that is just a soft color
coloring what we're doing right now is
it's midnight
yes most the time we usually be in bed
by now but we are making Tyler a huge
thing of spaghetti and meatballs his
favorite food is comfort food his
side-chick thing they're gonna do that
good Tim but I think he's probably
asleep so it's gonna be here's a frozen
bowl of mush in the morning there it is
this is a real plate not a paper plate
we got the spaghetti meatballs coke and
then we have this shirt for him as well
wait munchies with some dreadlocks
Sesame Street those are the munchies
let's go this all were trying to be nice
with his life
so I totally forgot to film when my
little brother David was here we had him
over for dinner tonight we had salmon
the mashed potatoes and broccoli and I
was just in heaven it was so good anyway
I'm just thinking back that because I
just want to keep eating it more it was
so cute um no I hadn't seen we haven't
seen David he's been pretty busy and
just getting like all planned out and
all this stuff and working a lot so we
haven't seen him in a couple of days I
like a couple weeks maybe like a week or
so I haven't seen him so he came by for
dinner tonight and then later on after
we had put when we were getting know I'm
ready for bed I'm often kept calling day
it did for David it was the sweetest
thing my heart just met melted and then
you when I got his jammies on he ran out
the room and sit at the top of the
stairs
David David and kept calling for him I'd
Sam took a little video on his phone so
we'll have to have him put it in because
it was just the cutest thing ever
so poopy he's a fan of you that's for
sure no was not ready for David to go
home we'll have to get together with him
warned have them swing by and say hello
to all of you lovely people but yeah
today was a nice relaxing day no it was
really good today besides this morning
when he decided to take the eggshells I
have the trashcan and crunch them on the
stairs I definitely may have lost it for
like a second but I took some deep
breaths and moved on he's a fun kid
anyway I love this stage of him learning
to talk and say words it's just the
cutest thing ever
he can he can't let say the PJ yet but
he says PA like I kept yay okay he says
the J better than the P but it'll be Q
and he can say that it's fun
now I'm gonna sit down and relax for a
minute just cleaned up all the toys and
tired I hope you guys had a great recipe
fun day that's it for today if you
haven't seen the name reveal video yet
it is up there's a link in the
description go check it out tomorrow
I have to go on a little road trip
somewhere and might be gone most of the
day we'll see what happens but I think
Jen's going to this rent a puppy toddler
session they do this like every couple
days I'm not sure we saw a sign for it
it seemed kind of fun for know to go to
if I'm gone tomorrow when I get back I
think tomorrow Jenna and I will talk to
you guys up a little bit more about like
the process on deciding Penelope's name
I also just thought of another nickname
today which is Nelly Nelly there's just
so many different options that's gonna
be here before you know it for real
we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood it was so cute
no one's just laying down
where's my son winners and he's just old
it was smooth chillin on his chair this
is what he looked like
this is no I'm chillin a second ago
