this is what I want to do first
and I can show this
you got me and there was an insult to
show the three
I know Don chelli car
give baby sister a kiss a little lower
do you love baby sister already know
what do you think a baby sister's name
do you like it no what would you name
her you don't know well I mean there's
still some time if you really if you
come up with a really good name we'll
consider it okay three months ahead of
last time schedule
we actually have decided on a name it is
Penelope
Jenna P Jane a lot of you guys did
really really good a lot of you guessed
Penelope yeah we got some Sherlock's
hope Sherlock Holmes in the house you
included Noah you figured it out uh-huh
could you dance rippin ellaby yeah so it
was kind of a name how do we come up
with his name well I just thought I was
like going through lists of baby names
on the internet it's all Penelope and I
like I like that one I'm just driving
down Sam didn't like it at first I did
it's not that I didn't like it but I was
like maybe and then I thought of like
different nicknames and stuff which is
something we haven't done too well with
Noah and penny as a nickname and PJ just
like I was like oh hello say PJ I think
of like urine I don't even let ER but
we'll use all the nicknames for Kannagi
no no you can't really shorten but
Penelope you can shorten a lot so we're
kind of excited for all the nicknames hi
you had the camera back on you are you
gonna do some tricks nice so Noah and
Penelope I think it's gonna be it's
still weird like telling everyone out
loud oh there's always time to change
your mind no I don't think we will but
it's just wait wait wait you know you
only dance somewhere
nice share the spotlight pretty soon
that's true we're super excited we've
really fallen in love with the name
someone watching this vlog is probably
named Penelope and we love your name
we're gonna be using penny as well
mm-hmm as a nickname and PJ we can't
wait to meet Penelope it's still we're
giving her like the kid yeah I know we
pray at night sometimes please miss
Penelope oh oh yeah
right now it feels right it definitely
feels right kind of the same feelings we
had when we named Noah a lot of people
thought we're gonna name the girl
Penelope
after like another biblical name but we
really didn't even intentionally say
like oh we're gonna name our son a
biblical name you know although Noah's
one
so an upcoming week we'll talk more
about the name so we didn't decide on
and how we really got to this choice so
yeah you excited excited it's crazy I
think I'm a white like twenty eight
weeks now
almost eight weeks it's going fast three
months and we'll see her crazy I like
two and a half now love you PJ yeah see
you guys tomorrow please
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood hey no no
