there we go Wow
good morning good morning good morning
oh well having handed on that bullish I
I was able to go to my workout class
this morning this kid's been sleeping so
much he sleeps in until like eight
thirty nine o'clock and he's been taking
like three hour naps in the afternoon I
don't know if it's just like winter he's
like in hibernation mode and just is
just growing a lot I have no idea but
he's sleeping a ton but it's good I
guess I'm gonna just do it well at last
after his nap we are gonna go visit with
Stacy and a little bit of Sam and then
after that we're thinking on the
trampoline please I'm not quite sure
this makeup though whoa
this is what happens when you're kids
screaming at you can't put your makeup
on your eyebrows come out way too dark
your blush is a little heavy-handed
whoops also one more thing Noah said
banana today I walked in he was eating
one big banana I was like and he no
longer brings blue dog downstairs for a
few days where he like will bring him
down but he doesn't play with him or
anything so I kind of tried to like make
sure he stays in the room and past he
doesn't really come downstairs anymore
either
good we're kind of he just wants him to
sleep now which is awesome hi hi who is
that hey stranger hey stranger chapstick
no go get mug go do bad tell him a hug
you don't see each other in a while guys
but when this was our outro song anyways
we are here at this jump zone trampoline
place we don't know if it's actually kid
from yet especially like toddler
friendly so we're gonna go check it out
if it is then we're gonna stay and jump
for a little bit Noah did not take a nap
today he refused to I don't know if it's
just like winter he's like in
hibernation mode and just wanted to play
in time now he's tired and sing and now
he's kind of tired he's here just
alright let's go let's go let's go let's
go I'm gonna jump with you mean you did
oh is that I think tails tail might come
I don't know yeah you ready ok wave hi
let's go
yeah
do the big jump big jump
president really removes hold on
oh yes cheer moves oh this is great
that's great oh the big inflatable ball
over there oh
whoa well you're flexible so is that it
wasn't that flexible what the heck
you're a cheerleader seriously no this
but she's doing it so when it film it
I'm gonna film it because you told me
they told her not to you know a back
tuck just leave your hands you can do
without hands let's tackle you you move
just in time
flip flop wiggle hi no I just discovered
though that he'll listen to a book if
he's in a town that's kind of them we're
gonna read from now on he's like
giggling so much in here no hungry says
Pete thirsty says duckie Papa's got
snacks lucky lucky lucky
oops spilled says duckie juice on the
loose not so lucky
they spill some juice mrs. big to in the
tub just now oh oh gotta go potty
good now for sure
hey are you cleaning for mommy he went
and grabbed some toilet paper and
decided to clean all the walls for me Oh
which is really lovely because the
reason why is because he's seen us yeah
Oh get all that get all that yeah get
all the dirt oh it's so good good job
you tosser responsibility he gave
himself this one don't even clean more
do you go throw it away if you're done
you go throw away okay it's gonna be a
fun day wonder why we're going to the
icecap balls it's a light no right now
and it's supposed to be snowing in Salt
Lake it doesn't start until like 6:00 so
we're just gonna pack up all the snow is
winter clothes and hope that it's not
too freezing it says this will be like
30 which is better than in the single
digits so that's good you excited for
the ice castles you
he just put his arms up like he's still
having a lot of fun with his box in his
animals I feel like a lot of people
think that he's like this happy and cute
as a button and just an angel I love all
the day long
every single day he is adorable I reckon
he's so cute he does have his off days
and he does have his knotty moments and
had a timeout today he did he's not
perfect guys
this kid is not perfect we're not
perfect parents but that's what I feel
like a lot of people just think that
he's just for this perfect little angel
kid and although he is most of the time
he really is such a good boy and he does
so well listening things he has his you
know he has his moments like every child
and toddler does what do you need the
other animals so you put your animals up
there
um this kid may have had not may did
have a two-minute timeout in his crib
today and for maybe using hands in a
physical manner against mommy's feet so
I decide to give him a minute per hand
we're still learning that hitting is
there's other options besides hitting so
we had a little bit of a learning this
morning and a little sit-down discussion
after his little mini timeout and we're
working on it yeah I just want to let
you I just want to let you guys know I
feel like some people are maybe curious
about that I would be curious like they
only show this kid being cute and
adorable like come on is he like this
all the time and no he's not like that
all the time he is cute and adorable
most of the time but he has his moments
just like every other taller and it's
all out there cuz we all have our
moments like he's about to have a moment
when I take this mouse away from
I'm sorry see this is the nutrition
story we just had a meeting everyone is
leaving right now it was a very
productive in case you guys didn't know
we're actually going to CVX live what
today Deacon Cuffy yeah totally
he's getting some right now oh okay hold
on nice little trip to the ice
Ice King ice castles where Dan says Elsa
was born we're really excited opening
day and we're meeting El Padrino and his
girlfriend there and it'll be really fun
what no you already know what you go see
ice castles
thrown out the window
Oh where'd you go where are you know we
lost no unfortunately
we made em into the ice caves our ice
castles I keep all nice kids they're
actually called the ice castles and
we're going to go meet up with the a kdz
Alex capadino and I've never been here
before
and all my son living in Utah so I'm
pretty excited that's scary
don't say that yes wow this is quick
quick like show danger danger zone
icicles sharp icicles that's crazy
seriously this is unreal
that's where they shot that one music
video Alex wait
snow princess Motor Carrier name let's
walk through here babe
what's in there this is cave oh yeah
behind me oh yeah shoots in it's very
hard to walk I know it is he's like ice
rocks nice rocks yeah check this out
there's like a slide that they made out
of ice the line is super long or else I
think we'd do it I'm gonna see if I can
catch someone going down in the little
kids like I'm flying out of it
really no look he's popping his head
down this little tunnel no hi hi where
you going where are you going come this
way
bye-bye
I'm gonna get a chill hey this is cool
you like sliding on it I can go peek out
again well careful careful
ten what would you rate that whoa LED
lights look we're done here Oh
Padrino El Padrino brought Noah there
where's mr. president come to the light
complain right show them what they look
like okay look
what dude those are freaking sick okay
first off we're back from the ice caves
ice castles find a rate then what would
you
I'm a six seven and ten if we live 10
minutes away and be really cool but we
drove like two and a half hour special
yeah they're cool but it was gonna be
more way yeah I thought I thought they'd
have like I thought it'd be bigger like
more places to go like travel around
like more cool like arches and caves and
stuff so you can see everything in like
five minutes like five minutes like an
hour yeah me too it was cool like the
whole concept of it is way past his
bedtime so yeah he had a great time
three and a half ones four hours same
got a little package today so my
favorite game that I probably played of
2015 was shovel Knight yeah I love that
game it was so fun did you finish it
nonetheless level right now huh and then
this guy he came out today perfect six
ages six plan plus same thing as a six
year old but it's cool because uh with
this if you comedian it oh you can use
it it gives you it was you play
multi-player what's he like completely a
home the game so he's been very ordered
this from another country didn't you
know I probably you got it be here on
release day which is today oh absolutely
beautiful I feel like he may put me at
the top of your tower little things
dollar me Bose make him very anyone
clicks amiibos some people like to
collect him and keep him in the box
I usually yeah let's watch as he takes a
picture you'll now be seeing this on
Instagram and Twitter it was a really
fun day though it was fun to travel down
with friends get everyone loaded in our
car it was great a favor that many adult
bodies yeah very good
so pretty good yeah then visiting with
Alex it was great
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood there's people who
collect they get mad over stuff like
that so yeah they're like new inbox
collectors oh they leave it in the box
