so today we have been planning on
watching our wedding video yes
and we're gonna do it by ourselves but
someone didn't want to get out today and
someone did not want to play with dejan
either so he is joining us but he must
have figured out that we were gonna
watch the wedding video today cuz I
don't think you seen it yes so the
wedding video that mice this is one that
my sister made it wasn't some
videographer that we hired she just put
the clips together so we're gonna watch
it and there's music that plays over it
and I'm afraid that it will mute it out
if we post it with music so we'll just
do our own little commentary and
descriptions of it as we watch it
by the way we've been married for five
years now our wedding was on December
2010 right you weren't born yet Sam and
Jenica which is Sam it's like a old
Camry yeah this is like definitely the
vintage I don't know what my face is
doing so this what this is we got
married in the San Diego temple and then
after you get married
everyone goes outside and waits for you
to come outside yes and this is us
coming outside to see everyone we're
obviously celebrating no hair I was
buzzed then mm-hmm and it was kind of I
remember this moment being kind of
awkward because I we came out and
everyone's like cheering but you can see
that everyone else is shooting and then
we just like stood there and it's like
well I got married should we move only
who's a kid oh yeah just kind of chillin
there's my buddies and Jen's girlfriends
my mom right there looking quite nice
and her purple dress with a purple
yellow orange thing yellow yeah purple
yellow orange yeah oh there's oh there's
the Christy's Christy who made the video
and then that was my niece our nieces
were the flower girls and olive took her
role very seriously to carry my train I
don't think she put my train down the
entire day and it was laughing and
looking silence it kind of signal yeah
that's crazy
so got the train when we came out so we
don't actually have the footage of us
getting next met like specifically
married we came out to take pictures for
some reason we walked over there but no
one followed us I remember like waiting
there for a while like come on I love
take pictures the sample right there
I remember I did to like our dough so
that the Train
heads were like the ones that weren't
there like guys guys there's my dad in
the back that train no bright and sunny
that day it was hard - it was good
weather though it was great weather I
also don't remember the grass being kind
of damp yeah the sprinklers had just
gone yeah and all the girls heels were
like stuck in it there's dad I mean it's
so crazy this was five years ago
there's court well my friends we had a
very large wedding party yeah and I feel
like we could have had an even larger
wedding really good this was in
California New Year's Eve so like a
bunch of my friends raving there but did
travel none of our friends didn't make
the trip out okay so there was some
pictures I don't know where we're going
right now
oh here we go yes this was yeah you talk
about this Christie decided to play in a
flash mob dance at our side those were
kind of like a popular thing really
popular thank you my sister joining her
I remember
so Christy's just kind of you know very
awesome
and you just started dancing and it's
not like her to just break out one day
exactly so I think to me and Jen we were
like her so and then everyone joined
this slowly I loved it I love this part
so much I think this video actually is
on YouTube on my sister's Channel
the song that they're dancing to the
whole game I still couldn't figure out
if your friend Matt knew what was going
on and he was very interested not
knowing what was going on definitely fun
even though he did the song that was
being played with I wish they could be
yeah
by the Beach Boys and I remember at this
point I was like oh gosh this is really
awesome
hey I need to film this cuz maybe no one
else is filming this wait I know there's
no sound I know you want some sounds
buddy look at dancing taking my phone
out that video horizontal oh it's so
great oh it's so great watching everyone
it really like said a lot about our
family and friends oh yeah
like there wasn't weird at all I was
just like yep never in the dance the
party all day long you know lucky
there's daddy there's dad mom dad has no
hair you have more hair than that yeah
right now sure the reason why I had a
buzz cut too is because I used to have
like the Justin Bieber hooter hair and
then I went on my mission to the
Dominican Republic I started to buzz my
head then because it's just so easy
I took handsome a buzz head but he just
looks even more handsome with just lots
but yeah that's what happened I just
kept my best head for a little bit
longer a couple of years after we go
through all the speeches um yeah I will
fast forward through the speeches we'd
thank you I'm gonna treat you well
they're not gonna be able to hear him
yeah we could play the speeches oh no oh
please
we'll put a speech into it this is my
cousin Derek and his son this is how
bored kids are at weddings yeah oh wait
till that boy right here
yeah
and he'll do things for you force to
insert myself and when I first met
Jennifer she ran out of a car and braced
every member in my family we miss our
first dance that's something that we
dance to a song we do have a bunch of
songs but they weren't like ones that
you would like dance tonight
so we danced to Dave Matthews Band you
and me do anything baby two of us
together do anything baby two of us - oh
no the four of us together yeah yeah
it's so crazy we were so young we were
that's really good spreading to a kid
I'd never like crazy I know how old were
we let's see I was 19 Oh Sam was 22
which makes us 27 and 24-hour know it
you would have had fun at our wedding
you would have there's my parents
watching oh I love those big balloons so
yes the reception was held at one of our
church's gyms and that that was the one
thing I was like I did not there we
probably both thought that was we never
want to have a wedding reception in the
dirt right yeah I did not I did not I
did but it didn't cost any money to read
and they did I was like forget it you
see the decoration my one my only
request disguise the basketball hoops I
do not want to see them
right on the ceiling physically those is
amazing cuz I knew my mom planned from
States away I was in Utah going to
school and she was in California so she
had everyone there in my home Ward
planned this wedding and it turned out
so beautiful and all the big balloons
there was huge balloons covering all the
back loops so you couldn't see them and
it was just great loved it
we were also like the first of our
friends to get married right that were
there at the wedding so it's kind of
like new to everyone right and even new
to us like we hadn't been to a lot of I
mean I've been to weddings and my
cousin's growing up and so yeah then
this is when me and my mom danced and OH
jumping right into it real quick
we were gonna dance to like Ricky Martin
mother the betta book and I read a bunch
others talking to them they just never
worked out like the DJ didn't have a
bunch of them so we synced like some
really really weird songs yeah I mean
the food being really good to what I was
yeah we had a bunch of we didn't get
enough finger foods senior foods and
Gudrun aids is all my buddies it was a
party it was it was a big dance party
imagine every single dance video we've
ever done combine that into one right
and that's what we taught the wedding
bouquet just watch it my friend Rico
called and she was so excited
four years old weeks ago I had that time
you was dating when a dentist present so
it's kind of fun yeah
oh here is us leaving not to leave the
party it was a great party though it was
fun and then we went in down in Coronado
yeah we went to Coronado I'll do this
back near San Diego and we were poor and
you're like well here he poor he doesn't
really go anywhere that cool that was
cool that was close by
we didn't a lot of people would go there
in there any minute but we just did
Costa we just stayed in California and
then Coronado
and they put Oreos all those Oreos stick
like the lick the frosting stay on the
car for a good year the wasallam power
washer oh yeah we went straight to go
through the carwash after this after we
drove out of here that's no longer a
license plate to don't even look it up
do you want to do some of the slideshow
- yeah you want to give some commentary
knows gonna tell you guys some stuff so
that was our wedding video it's so fun
to look back on it seems like just
yesterday but at the same time so much
has happened to this little guy and
another one on the way which is crazy
yeah one time the baby's name yeah
did you say the baby's name right now
you can you say it no no all right wait
a couple more days thanks for watching
if you guys have any other questions
about the wedding or anything post in
the comments and we can always include
those in a later like Q&A or something
yeah no I say bye say thanks for
watching you boy kisses love you guys
bye
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood Dewey's game
you want to FaceTime me real quick okay
we didn't know what you got me I love
you buddy
