important tap toys people to have toys
so what do you want to do oh you don't
get my old master at know your old mask
so what about some of your old toys too
what bit don't make cars a little bit of
your cars jesus said I not have hit my
toy had people who said that yeah yeah I
thought he was a sharing guy he liked to
give things did you learn about him at
church today no hmm
I failed you all I didn't even make it a
week
I did
some days have been hard for us to vlog
because there's just not much going on
right go to church come back nice four
three eight we put the kids down Jen was
sleeping to put up a little bit of
Minecraft with Noah
I wish minecraft was around when I was a
kid I'd have been amazing I would have
loved that but now I'm experiencing it
with and then I worked on the giveaway
and then I worked on something else
guys I'm a bit stressed out because
something that I had worked really hard
on the past couple days and even had
someone drive out here to help film and
not have to reshoot it not because it
was like bad but just because there's
some things that need to be fixed up and
I was like and real life we can do it
it's gonna be better this time they went
to Elliott's parents house and it was
his dad's birthday and then we came home
and slept and we failed we failed
they were used to just not recording on
Sunday so you did I forget I also heard
to pick up the camera on Sunday because
that's kind of been like our just family
day yeah nothing wrong with that
actually I feel like that's a pretty
good idea but when it comes to flog miss
we failed you
I've already been notified someone
posted a comment you guys failed me like
I do just name there's one tradition
which I'm not sure of but we're trying
it this year so the last three we're
gonna do it but then our elf just never
showed up our elf cannot be found
anywhere and even this year we're like
what's going on but our elf did show up
Herald was that the name that everyone
decided on
hark the herald nuts are Herald do you
want a nuts well Harold showed up
goodness no just saw someone hanging out
in our house who is it
you don't know him wait there's
something weird and kind of creepy when
you think about something is watching
you and reporting back and that was
definitely the first initial impression
is Harold worry Harold's a superhero
today hey do you know what this means
what does it mean when Harold comes it
means he's watching do you see Harold
look at Harold's up there sis we can't
we can't we got to read this story I'll
read the story to you but we can't touch
them because they have magic and if we
touch them then their magic doesn't work
and they can't get back to Santa because
he goes back to Santa every night to
report how you guys did during the day
okay although we had kind of talked
about it before Jen got I was watching
the clips I was just ending it you got a
kick out of that with no eyes oh gosh I
feel bad he did not respond at all today
- Harold - Harold
I'd prepare you guys he's just gonna
hang out his magic keeps him there
during the day what could all this I
gotta take that what it's Harold say hi
Harold say I'm gonna be a good girl
today oh my gosh
Harold you look awesome yeah cleanup
time yeah it's me mouth Sonic I think
initially the explanation was maybe a
little scary yeah but we watched we
watched the movie and we read the book
and then throughout the day actually he
was there was moments where he was
thinking about you know being a little
man Harold and then he was like I'm good
except there was a moment today where it
was just like mayhem we're seeing if
Harold left a note oh look at Phil okay
let's read it look at he took her guys's
stickers it says do you know I'm
Penelope sorry I'm late as you can see
I've been very busy I've been saving the
world from the evil xored just kidding I
always actually just I was actually just
flying around with Rudolph
I'm so excited for Christmas I hope you
are too
let me know if there's anything you want
to tell Santa love Harold what do you
think have you feel Harold here for
visit oh he stays he said he has magic
he's gonna stay close and he doesn't
move during the day he just leaves at
nighttime and then he comes back and
then he comes back so when you go to bed
he leaves and talks to Sant and then he
comes back what tell me how you're
feeling
tell me how you're feeling yeah it's
kind of scary at first
I think Harold's getting cooler why
don't you like him and pj likes pointing
at him see what kind of shenanigans
harold gets up to this month kind of
weird though the elves are sometimes
like bad themselves
right they like do bad things I just
Harold do you bad things that
could just be people's influence on that
else though I'm not sure
