hold on Lee on speaker my brother Matt
and my family just found out what
they're having what's going on oh hi
okay I got a foot
hola buenas d√≠as mis amigos como estan
bien y algo slopes this Amica yesterday
Aaron said to me why are in shorts and I
said because it's been like one degree
and 30 degrees feels nice now your body
gets used to talking shorts today
yesterday oh it's a great what why
shorts okay this way this way okay Sam
was kind enough to take an intermission
while working to going to watch with us
because well that's the only way this
kid would come outside with Susy I can
get him to come out Noah take him
outside and luckily saying we're all
feeling like having fever except for
Noah yeah we forced him because it's
summer yet snow so magical seriously I
think if anything I just wish we had a
little bit more space like it'd be so
good if we had my sister's basement back
remember the house they had where like
the base measures oh yeah big tag yeah
that would be nice so lots to figure out
more events to do other places in fact
yeah he's been obsessed with clunk he's
fine staying inside I just like to get
out especially on a 30-degree weather
day when it's supposed to snow all week
it's nice today so I want to get out
it's nice
oh good I know you don't have snow pants
on he wouldn't let me put his snow pants
on like refuse screaming crying and I
know the first thing he was gonna do is
jump in the snow who comes back today
comes back my least favorite couple in
the world
Hailey and Tyler which there will be a
gift exchange there right yeah yeah yeah
well 38 o'clock yeah
I'm so excited Helios like I haven't
been there for three months I was like
how does it been three months since I've
seen you
it seems kind of crazy and this is why
you needs no pants
oh my gosh oh my gosh no experience the
joy of sledding will get you covered in
snow you're gonna be all wet and cold
make our way back we found a wall and
now I can pick up another one show daddy
how strong you are oh you guys I'm on
your face oh no I just figured out that
he can move his little basketball hoop
bucket and use the stool to play the
sink to other parts of the countertop he
walks over I hear him like moving around
in there because he was playing with the
water in the in the faucet and then I he
comes back with the bucket in one hand
he's like basketball bucket and a banana
in the other so he climbed up on his
bucket and god I'd been in off the
counter did you get that banana yourself
yeah you did yeah I'll get it for you
hold only we got speaker my brother Matt
and my family just found out what
they're having wait how far is Haley
thank you guys what up so early
pauses I'm like well maybe it's a boy
but I think it's a girl but I kind of
wanted to be a boy I'll say
I don't know I'd say I was a boy babe I
want to say girl no you're not a boy oh
my gosh oh no I got scared it's a boy no
you get a middle boy cousin oh my gosh
oh my gosh the babies do a day before I
know it's birthday so they could no no
whoa hey there yeah oh my gosh it's a
boy I am seriously in shock right now
like this whole time everyone's like
gods of Carla it's gonna be a girl and
even I was like oh it can't be anything
but a girl and I was like no I think I
think it's a boy you are correct it is a
boy
yep yep no one's gonna have a little
cousin little boy cousins yeah oh my
gosh I can't believe my brother is
having a little boy it's so exciting
because like our my maiden name goes on
Guerrero goes on so it's kind of
exciting so excited that little nugget
looks like and when he's gonna be named
and he could seriously be born on Noah's
birthday which is crazy that is just so
crazy we're so excited for you Matt
maybe more babies more cousins
it's him like add a breath Noah got
freaked out because I yelled so loud and
he's like huh what's going on mom I want
to watch it with your stormtrooper he's
in the movie stormtroopers are in the
movie he said yes he's holding you alle
he colors the box he's all about holding
on to Rachel's face right now on
FaceTime oh he won't he won't give me
the phone could I talk to aunty Rachel
can you give her kisses give her kisses
oh he wants to show you more animals oh
it's a tiger oh he wants to hold it
Oh in a cow what else
oh yeah the elephant Rachel wait till
you see this from my point of view it's
so funny this time he's like trying to
show you but he's not even anywhere near
the camera on the phone all she can say
is oh wow no idea what she's looking at
I think I think no misses you too Oh
come back are we showing you a lion so
well he's showing it to you right now
Thanks can you say hi - oh are you
giving her in - Rachel cuddles with blue
dog
were you going miss her do you miss
Rachel come back yeah oh he's coming
blue dog could do with it so cool those
on where's Noah I can't
wow you ready to go out with the boys
you're not going very far
oh he would okay he's putting in this
bucket Oh dancing other boys are here
the boys the boys and we're waiting for
the other two to arrive well not boys
Haley entirely the tribe the tribe I'm
wearing for the tribe to arrive okay go
get in the car
see ya - heads dark outside he walks
like he's so cool so uh I forgot to
record in the car we just got a bunch of
wings
all these wings bleep this part out
because we don't want your viewers to
know 18 bucks at Sonic we got like 50
wings for 18 bucks for splitting them
the dudes including Noah how's that it's
spicy that's the habanero
yeah habanero parmesan garlic those are
Island fire Buffalo those are Sonic
ranch lies pretty good when red the
steam made like a skull and crossbones I
say it for one answer to come on dude
that's like oh I'm not trying to die
we're in a little day trader like oh
yeah I'll try it
I've got no idea folder that's a lot
across Manhattan
yeah I'm not turning on you I could work
out tonight yeah we should take track
talk with us whoa need 100 of those
smoky oh gosh then she's like a baby
buddy
sounds like a little those were like a
Barbie a little Barbie buddy okay I am
feeling like my throw as we wait for
tribe Tyler and Haley roast Rosenberg
the baby is moving she stopped
let's do min now Dan Jiang is playing
minion rush on the TV she was just going
crazy moving a lot lately
what is she saying she hiccups do it is
nice oh gosh my video my eyes it broke
your basketball either come up with a
nickname only I can call it I call
incest
move move where'd you go no Wubbzy for
me to call bubsy my belly is a perfect
int Tamela Billy you call this alright I
love you Trevor live without his camera
I'd call it right now trapped over
Oh No raisin chocolate chip it's like a
blank check there's no value of ours
they give you like a week
altered state is on my favorite story
doesn't okay just for the record that
goes on the back is a picture of you
guys it's so pretty
first I put it up guys and back to right
now at my house just kidding
this is a facility where you can workout
and I worked out for the first time
since ball night last week and before
that I can't remember last time I worked
out I'm very much out of shape so for
the blog I'm going to stay accountable
and hopefully vlog every single day I'm
going to see many days where I can go
with taking Sundays off okay so this is
day 1 hopefully tomorrow I'll be sweaty
too
and that'll be day 2 tomorrow we are
having taco night Irving a taco party at
Tribe Tyler's we're also going to go the
bounce house or jump place not sure yet
we also are hoping that the ice caves
are open now because we want to go do
that this week and there's a lot of
other activities that should be fun
especially cuz Haley's in town I feel
like it's don't you think like
everything's better when Haley's in town
yeah give a girl more girl power yeah
Jenna's more than just me although she
loves the guys too but it's good to have
hailey around all right guys it's been
good tomorrow
day 2 working out who wants to start day
one or day two with me let's do it
see you tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you thought I'm just
does anyone else just go through the
explore page on Instagram like Jen does
I love you any age you Haley both it is
better now it's more related to like
people you follow right
