hey just like that Christmas is put away
Christmas put away this kid goes home
today
that's real life yeah well I mostly just
have it from having everyone here
entertaining feeding and cleaning busily
yeah two weeks yeah we've got all our
Christmas stuff packed away we've
accumulated quite a bit of Christmas
stuff this year every time guys I clean
this garage take out all of the freaking
boxes and then this happens
it happens every time Oh frickin 2000
years
okay it's a couple hours later I have
finished my first New Year's workout and
all the notes and stuff organized the
trees down I vacuumed all the stuff I
got all the Christmas stuff in the
garage as well Sam's new Baddeley finds
out because I told him I'd have him do
it and he's like let me put that stuff
away I want to do my part so you can
work in a nice clean space and now he
can do this part where's that right
there app I was going home he's going
back to Mississippi where he's currently
working on the river
he's in a production company over there
what do you guys call yourselves fish
for you don't lie those was a good time
it was so fun
thanks for coming for New Year's of
course thanks for coming first yeah
thanks for coming yeah no did you have
fun with your family yeah I did you have
a fun Christmas did you have a fun new
year no have you had to go to bed and
you missed the ball drop ah that's okay
maybe next year whoa to get fun with
Uncle app are you gonna miss uncle app
ah you're gonna miss him
nope are you guys Kelly and you as Kelly
yeah duh hey Kelly yeah she was pretty
huh I tried to make sure I got a play
mat with like a little airport because I
like having the little airplanes at the
airport I think it's hilarious having
the dinosaurs ride the ferris wheel and
maybe eat some cows Noah's just been
coloring and coach dejan is excited to
run someplace we're going through some
formation about the place let's show
them out we're showing Noah your basic
4-3 formation and I'm showing Noah that
he's a strong saftey agreeing with me by
coming over you think I said yeah and
though it just does no idea what they
are talking about just keeps coloring
it's quite hilarious
he understands it look right there thank
you yeah
scratching minutes okay nobody you'll
get it he was ran out right at the
beginning oh he's just covered his face
and started counting one two three four
five okay go find him go find him
actually try to fit under there no I
think we got him he didn't know we were
there
the next day later we decided to let
Noah have a special place to eat lunch
today
so with dad at the table he's getting so
big he's really cute eating his berries
means like a little
booster seats you know he's so tall now
look he's pretty tall I think you can
start sitting there sitting here
together
please sit at the family at dinner yeah
we're watching cousins on you
yeah that would be fine you starts a new
year
you ready to be a big boy and sit there
yeah stuck to me here at the booster and
no more high chair finger down the slide
oh nice that there's no and he's in snow
clothes there's lots of extra padding
got you that time he turned so fast you
slide down so fast you go so fast just
say guys no look no it kind of loves
watching himself he loves dancing to all
the vlogs every time every time the vlog
inter comes on too if he's sitting down
he gets up and he starts dancing without
fail and then this part in the video
okay right there that's nice they have a
vlog called glass Posse and right here
she says alone hey Bella actually does a
lot of like modeling and stuff and
sometimes to get her to look into the
camera and lens they'll say that there's
a frog inside the camera so she said I
see a frog in there anyways if you guys
haven't seen that video there's a link
in the description you guys have to go
watch it it was really fun we also have
all the other videos from the previous
years which they help watching this
year's video it makes sense now if
you've seen the previous ones because
it's kind of like a painter beaut having
next year we should do completely new
new ideas but it's fun to kind of like
do the same thing with new people so
I hope you guys enjoyed it it's cold
it's halfway its tail yeah watch the
food to you tomorrow okay he runs
halfway turns around runs back oh
goodness that was a major giggles go for
your tummy you are hooks oh can you
tickle this is up every night basically
we get Noah we run him around I feel
like it's like a puppy sometimes I think
like okay let's run let's just circles
around the living room to get some
energy out we say and mark get set go
and they usually wrestle and it's the
door back go go go oh he's like oh ha ha
ha found the door don't you do it with
you your dad's elegance we just got the
sweetest little package from a very dear
dear dear friend and I'm just dying
right now my sweet friend Lizzie you
guys know Lizzie it's kind of what's
glaring she sent me like 6 magnets of my
family and they're so nice look at this
she send this one of us with the picture
telling no we were pregnant Sam and
Sam's mom and no one Halloween is cute
even like Christmas ones look at this
look at that face then me and Lizzie and
even my family that's when I cried that
is so sweet and I love them so much
we're very into Magnussen we've always
been into pictures on our fridge and
let's just it's like double a picture
and a magnet Thank You Lindsey I love
you so happy this is not my fridge right
now
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
