we've made it
first day of full nursery for those of
you guys that note that is we go to
church for three hours and until you're
18 months old and technically not
supposed to go to nursery which is for
the little guys little toddlers and Noah
went he did three or two full hours
there had a good time when we cried a
little bit
now he's back with his village
I know chase is that Chase you say chase
look chase oh your hoop back dude I know
a church can be long sometimes
especially when church starts at one
o'clock and goes until 4:00 in the knee
at home and it's already dark outside
the Sun setting but for today we're
gonna do a quick get a one take as
normal on Sunday especially because it
is running out and I want to be with
know as much possible before you go to
bed I think what we'll do is we'll
answer five questions you have five
question Q&A today in a moment I will
send out a tweet take some air guys
tweets and answer those questions
well we won't answer today and maybe we
will will we eliminate some baby names
whenever you tell everyone
eliminated i eliminated pizza that Pizza
potato or potato and like a neighbor's
girl hey mom no one wants to play planes
with you thank you know what you have to
be patient my son you're like when we
tell people though like today if he can
say that today I will discuss and we
will tell you sooner rather than later
we're not gonna wait until the baby's
born we didn't realize - we kept saying
well actually it was true we're like
four months we'll have a baby it's
actually like three months but I think
this is because the past 30 days have
gone by fast you're almost at six months
yeah this wait today the fourth yeah
this week
six months I think right yeah holy cow
yeah yeah it's starting her bump
starting to show because people came up
in church today and they're like what do
you do
she's like in three months pictures on
Instagram we'll get one tomorrow oh that
so many of no I like the progression
that's true I have zero but hey we love
you little baby P okay so I'm gonna go
on Twitter in a second get five
questions from you guys and into those I
know a lot of you guys will probably be
asking questions about the name tried to
predict let's say within the next week
or so
sorry performing I know we're not gonna
leave you I know nursery who is just so
scary okay I'm gonna put the camera down
and then you back in just a moment for
you guys we'll be right now real quick
we're gonna do a QA for today's vlog I
like talking to you guys
answering questions I posted on Twitter
real quick and I said hey ask us a
couple questions we'll answer them and
here we go Kaitlyn says questions for
you
well it's me more than five there's so
many good questions and I actually took
a screenshot of a couple - okay what are
your favorite TV shows right now
favorite right now yeah be quick oh
survivor survivor and Great British Bake
Off I wish I had I like the blacklist
and Dance Moms the stirring back up
scene what is your least favorite color
my lease yeah this is from Jordan house
thing about like my least favorite color
to wear which is kind of weird but
that's how I kind of thought of it
probably orange and I know that's when
your favorite colors actually orange is
a cool color that's really tough I don't
know Browns with a groan okay what are
you most excited about your little mini
Jen this is from Julia I'm excited to
see how her how she differs from Noah I
was a mistake personality yeah person
that her personality it's so apparent
the kids even as babies have these
personalities that bloom and develop and
I'm excited to see what she's like is
she gonna be like kind of like calm
reserved or she me off the wall I think
all kids are going off the wall I'm
hoping for more fun that's the balance
things out
I doubted that okay DW Phil says what
are your ultimate life or career goals
I think ultimate life goals are just to
have a happy home and happy family I
want to have a home that my kids want to
bring friends one house to hang out
right because then we can watch what's
going on we want to be the friend house
that's definitely I completely agree do
you have a career goal um I think well
my brain work for career-wise goes
towards mom nowadays that's just where
I'm at in life yeah
career go for me I want to continue to
develop get more education learn more
I'm doing that as much as I can right
now
I want to grow as a person I don't want
to just be you know I guess I just want
I want to continue to go up right so I
feel like there's a good balance of that
right now yeah so yeah career goals just
continue to grow have enough to support
for my family and be happy what is the
best thing about having kids when you're
younger this is from Sara
that's a good question I think just
having the energy to even though I feel
like I have no one I do today having the
energy and like later on in life it'll
be fun to be like a little bit younger
grandparent and I completely agree you
know I was gonna say first off if you're
young having a child is a huge
responsibility right it is more intense
times millions just getting married
you're very ready for that yeah it's
like the seal of like all right like we
really want to be married forever right
my sister would always be like all right
if you have kids are you
are you sure Ted's the one we're married
of course that's a decision you make
before you get married but it just
everything becomes more intense when you
have kids and you need to make sure
you're compatible yes so on the same
page with everything but that is not
really answering the question best thing
about having kids when you're younger I
look forward to like Jen said still
being somewhat young when Noah is older
and our other kids because I want to
have like fun family outings and just
always be young and spry so young and
spry I feel like I'm getting old as it
is Sarah
Oprah Helen asks when the new baby comes
do you think your relationship with Noah
will change at all
that's interesting that's a good
question I think that's here we have
yeah we just actually had this
conversation walking up the stairs
because we both had no his hands we were
helping up the stairs and Jen goes ah
first child treatment yep
she's like what will our other kids
think you know I said well I respect it
because he wanted both of us like all
the sands going at the stage right I
honestly I don't think our relationship
will change with Noah
I like how we treat him I think yeah I
think I think all day we get all our
attention right so I guess our
relationship will change and like with
time like we're at this separate time a
little bit more yeah I feel like when
baby pee that sounds weird I wish you
give us our full nickname but then I
would say I feel like that when she's
here you'll focus more on her and I will
focus on Noah and then I don't want to
let me like salmon Noah right Jenna and
baby pea right because I mean if
specially if you're like breastfeeding
and stuff I can't really breastfeed
unless you pump it so there's definitely
that like newborn bond between mother
and child but we'll definitely feel up
to it like I want you to go out with
Noah oh yeah oh yeah you know definitely
I'll definitely have all four of us
spend time together right and make sure
Noah like understand so let's see does
that answer the question do you think
your relationship with know will change
at all yes and I will change just
because it won't be as much of like
won't be 100% attention he's already
becoming a really good helper he is and
we're trying to kind of do
to that I think that's gonna help a lot
is that I'm gonna have them help a lot
with the baby and so that I'm with both
of them at the same time every night
before we go to bed real like hey pick
up these toys can you clean this up
go get the garbage go throw this away
little things that he'll be super
helpful with once the babies kids as
young kids like responsibility soon and
he loves it he like the other day we
were doing laundry and he threw all the
clothes in for us like all right you're
gonna put the clothes in the washer and
dryer will hand them to you and it makes
it extra long but I feel like it it'll
help when we see this Amoco wedding
video by the end of this week we go yeah
we're gonna do our commentary oh I want
to do that today but one o'clock church
kind of threw us for a loop yeah this is
oh that was from Brenda last question
comes from Harley and Elizabeth it's
like the same thing says one thing you
are looking forward to in 2016 besides
the new addition to your family I'm
excited to see where our family goes and
what the things we do like trips Holy
Family and and yeah oh man oh all the
next it's like it's I don't know it's
hard not to say the new edition you know
because that is what we're most about
we're excited to see if we find a place
that we feel like that we want to be
more permanent in yeah or if we're still
here then I have been talking a lot
about where we want to be for the next
couple years mm-hmm and I feel like
we'll make a decision this year whether
that means we'll be there by the end of
the year I'm not sure right but that I
feel like we're really thinking about
that right now
so I'm excited to know what we choose
it's kind of scary
there's scary so mini QA I think we want
to say what the baby's name is not today
but this week I don't know if we're
gonna do it like a fun way or not we
keep saying well are you sure is that
the name and just Aries like saying it
publicly because then if we do change
our mind because that's possible we can
change our mind even though I got a
bracelet and we probably won't change it
for sure it's still gonna happen so it's
good I love the name I need you and I
love all the little nicknames we have
already come up with nicknames we do
know it hasn't zero
so anyways well I think we'll tell you
this week country yeah I like to decide
she's kind of boss when it comes to that
yeah you are
well haven't know what tell you guys
okay yeah we actually worked on that
today yeah well CSUN said if you can say
what it is about today you would have
said it
so this week you know can somewhat say
it and you can kind of understand him
then we'll tell you guys yeah for sure
all right guys tomorrow there will be a
vlog that will be a compilation of a
couple days because we did get behind a
day on our anniversary we just kind of
spent it together so you guys will see
that a lot of fun I'll see you then
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you bad understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
thanks and the name's not pizza or
pepperoni
