Oh
Oh what guess what happy anniversary
some of us are more excited about being
married for five years and others really
know was upset high five for five years
it's almost 10:00 we've been awake for a
while but then I just came to snuggle
Sam and no it wasn't having any of it
you dancin he's gonna little hotline
bling action the know just met Kelly and
has just been flirting like crazy since
why your feet yeah there you gotta do
that's his fake laugh okay you stay cool
dude you stay cool Oh like it was ruined
you think I'm embarrassed Danny do you
like Kelly do you like her yeah ya know
what is a sleep EP and Kelly are sitting
at home watching him
my sleeves and we're on our anniversary
lunch
besides celebrate lunch we have after
our first year anniversary we realized
that dinners on our actual anniversary
are just terrible because everything
crowded December 31st was the perfect
day for our wedding but if you are
engaged and looking for date day to get
married on maybe go the 30th you might
not be as crowded if you want to
celebrate on the actual day um so we're
just like we actually usually celebrate
like the day after or the day before
today we've said to just doing lunch and
6:00 I figured it wouldn't be as busy so
here we are five years later usually
don't eat this fancy so we're not we
don't know what to get here
we've only had pizza here I'm like pizza
nights I'm using Yelp as usual fans go
to is yellow everyone knows Sam for Yelp
maybe Tyler makes fun of Sam on the
daily for Yelp but he's never
disciplines never disappointed honestly
I'm so emotionally are you really try
not to cry right now babe
look at this I just being dad himself
again he got me a stack of price not
anything big it's our anniversary
like married right by Christmas cuz it's
like double like I know just that
because of the gifts just two guys that
love you okay okay ready yeah okay I
can't remember which gift is what I did
I found some tape
you gotta open up here so I can see what
it is
okay wait open up here on the table okay
Alex Annie I don't even know what that
is but I think it's good okay so that
it's it's a heart bracelet on this is
multiple part gift
I didn't mean feed open up that one
first box
yeah so from my understanding one of the
fashion trends right now as to where
multiple bracelets at the same time and
I confirm that with my sister Christy so
that's good this is what I want to have
in the first
and I can show this one you got me I
know as an insult so I want to get more
of these though but I thought it'd be
fun if you went shopping and picked out
the other one so you're supposed to get
like a bunch to wear together yeah Sam
found he was like just looking at books
and it was the name that we chose
randomly super and away for the next
baby and it starts with appeal that's
all we're going to tell you here's
basket
I think Oh their bracelets it's a gothic
bracelet so pretty it's to go with your
bracelets you don't have a lot of
jewelry used to wear bracelet full-time
probably happy anniversary love you too
you know what to get it adjusted how'd
you like it I love it
it's not me not surname thing because
you got me a brief that we decided we
decided underneath I'm down our New
Year's Eve video is underway we've got a
Logan and Claudia filming their part
right now outside and Sam's filming it
and there's Dave logging in let's see
what happened hey breezy its breezy I'm
excited to see this okay no one what you
have I hoping daddy filipiniana carry
this look at that shirt now bring it
back today go take it to dad it's just
so cute watching him carry that big bag
with that big T on yeah he's a good
helper and you're gonna get a swing yeah
look I'm sit there he's like oh I'm
gonna get candy no let me see shirt look
at me look at me
look at mommy yeah is that a cat so
pretty and you look so pretty - yeah you
got really good candy about to start
filming was had to get a couple of other
things done first
let's go
we got wings
tons wings taking a break we'll be
filming our New Year's Eve video
throughout the whole night we also have
Michigan State versus Alabama on the TV
which is basically a culinary you and
got nervous because Michigan State our
ten point underdogs last time we played
Alabama we have no one say Happy New
Year Happy New Year you've been a
highlight of our 2015 you're tired whine
you see Happy New Year yeah all right
love you buddy
we finished recording I needed this
update we finished recording our video
and we've been playing who what where
which is a really fun game you do
drawing no you're good no what do you
guys think this is post in the comments
what do you think this who what what and
where this what are you
daehan's are very challenging together
no details like you got big yeah try to
guess what - I think I already said it
anyway we're about to tylium score so
what'd you get I got a 25 so I lost 27
30 no no Sam always wins this me my
drugs did well yeah that's true it's
true he's good at drawing oh yeah let's
compare yours today hunts right
detail look at like this you can clearly
tell who it is what they're doing and
where this is this is Dorothy playing
volleyball in the bathroom right
everyone got this is Cinderella running
away from the police in Texas I note I
said it was a Death Star and this is
Bill Gates doing the limbo at a dog
kennel and okay Hello Kitty bowling in
an elevator this is a Snow White hunting
at the zoo that's terrible this is
Sherlock Holmes
skiing in an airplane that is not an
airplane the turbulence right there the
seats right the windows or the window
that's a beach ball this moustache cream
that everyone plays simultaneously
there's no chance these guys run back
yeah the color or sheet of your
moustache smashing we're playing
moustache smash yeah looks good okay
ready 50 seconds left to 2015 real quick
favorite memory um no it's not my name
Noah said your name Jen fine yeah we're
pregnant again
Andrew moving to Los Angeles tell us a
concert
baby all right guys the near always
makes me feel old house get emotional
for like the new your changing that no
no I let me know in the comments
happy new year 2016 it will be great I
can feel it 2015 was our best year ever
2016 okay stay with Daddy Jen what's one
of your goals of 2016 yeah with the
parent do kids good go go up 2016 I
don't know yeah go up 2016 but series
yeah be big book a series book a series
go up 2016 come back to me
