why are you so flexible okay
interesting survivor because we have him
hooked
we watched a full season Redemption
Island I think season 20 23 2013 camera
anyways we just watched it and then he
is trying to make an audition tape
because he wants to be on there now is
that you thinking yeah if you Lynch I
would say it the real basketball court
missing a son oh you're beautiful and
you wake up hello you both are very cute
Angus coincidence I think no it's kid
son love for the best friend just
waiting near the door keep shouting he's
awaiting first one to come out come on
let's go we're back outside cuz we do
this every day it's warmer today it's 21
degrees so it's a little bit nicer and
we're more willing to come outside
I think tail might come out and play I'm
not really sure one of our church gym
that I played basketball with Noah or
something I don't really know everyone
loved when you got tackled okay that was
so mean evandro / snow in the snow yeah
I got a raise him right just throw him
in the snow get him used to it you know
gotta toughen him up I'll toughen you up
with those bare legs every year for the
past four years we have made in years
music video
we have starring Jenica every year we
try and get the glasses that have the
like year like 2015 2014 2013 link to
even just to celebrate and they're
always so hard to find so today we're
being
a little bit ahead of schedule trying to
get them the day before New Year's
which is still kind of late but we
believe that they are here at this party
store let's go find out let's go see
hopefully there because I will wear
those for 24 hours straight just like
the BB ready will you wear the glasses
too
I think you'd be cute with them on oh
yes look at that the last ones Jen I'm
dead serious
no are the very last ones we hold these
for me well we're in here thanks dude
I feel like we need to go with these
like really hats for sure we're gonna
get a couple other things but keep it a
secret because we don't want to give
everything away quite yet
this stores pretty cool though pretty
much want to throw a party every single
day but work is what's killing me dude
come on check this out I've never been
able to take Noah to the gym yet I just
want to show them what shooting real
hoops is like huh bud yeah you think you
can shoot it in there that's kind of
high oh good throw good try let's get
some energy out
love was jazz card
sit down
Oh
he's just chasing the ball wherever it
goes I need to compare you guys are the
same cheek redness okay Stan what daddy
look at mom you guys have this same
exact commented saying they have the
same red cheeks and they do yep let's go
cook dinner okay he's gonna be sad to
leave them ready to go the ball back
that's daddy's ball yeah you get the
ball you put it in this in the hall
closet yeah let's bring it home let's go
good workout man yeah good job baby
I'm like running a little bit more down
the hall that's right
you gotta get our water after playing
okay well get your sippy cup at home
good job Sam is this your dream come
true
your dream no no no come on come on glad
your sippy cup at home let's go let's go
introducing the cool dude
oh let me see show me your hat no what
now look at me though okay daddy Wow do
you like that hat yeah did you know I
love you man we smell like chicken wings
all I smell is chicken now come show me
your jammies you look good like this
those are three tea jammies how is this
shirt too tight on n3g yes I just washed
him dry dumb but still three tea what's
3c me like for three-year-olds yeah
there's about I go to bed what's the
play you look so good mom's your mommy
Wow
oh look at your pants at least the pants
will be able to last a while just not
the top snow snow snow snow edit
auto-tune snow
well Andrews at home with Noah so we're
doing it yeah no he's in bed so we're
getting a little snack real quick little
little before anniversary sure I think
we might go out for an anniversary lunch
tomorrow
yeah we also have other plans in the
future we kind of like want to go on a
little baby moon possibly still right
yes I think that will kind of be like
our anniversary routing outing yes so
but we are gonna go out to lunch color
just meeting tomorrow
Yeah right right right go anyways just
shopping without Noah love that kid but
just having without kids in general it's
just so much easier so we're like hey a
little somethin somethin maybe
gentleman's little ice cream smoothie
well maybe we'll get one for tomorrow
yeah New Year's Eve where's Eve oh we
should probably get these by the way
those of you with children you celebrate
and early New Year's Eve were to go the
full midnight one thing that we're gonna
try we came across this
hot chocolate heat and drink for some
reason it looked really good to both of
us try it
I feel like Kelly trying to yeah have we
said we're having a visitor yeah I think
I mentioned it today Kelly's coming
I'm really excited she's totally there
right now so we got ahead yes I got no
smoothies croissants and doughnuts so
gotta get in before the new year I said
I might going to juice buttons to start
2016 but I feel like I just get really
hungry tonight
I mean you hate shopping too I know but
I like being with you like this friend
Kelly's my love we're kind of related
but not really no her sister married my
biological cousin
so we're cousins but like I mean Kelly
technically aren't related we're not
related at all over here he's about to
pull on some more shoes and we're
getting prepped for because we're gonna
make a video tomorrow for the new year I
feel like if you're like Harry Potter
celebration crushes what do you guys
doing
Andrews being weird we've got Harry
Potter party glasses you're annoying I'm
blowing your face out of all future
vlogs we've been sitting here for like
some can't blink andrew is a hypnosis
what's a hypnotist and we're trying to
convince daya Honda game enticed by
Andrew Dale on come on everyone wants to
see this come on Kelly
please please do together please
I don't like dude together no you just
will put both of you under at the same
time I'm not gonna lie I have I have
video work recording of it I won't do
anything stupid
ladies and gentlemen I wouldn't do
anything
you won't pee you won't make you pee
your pants Andrew every time first
strike okay come on you can do it I
believe in you I just can't I just can't
nicely done it nicely done Sam why can't
you do it won't you be able dice to
mentally awake and morally straight
masters are you ready
you sit there
feet on the ground I'm more comfortable
this way
are you double-jointed yeah okay so
that's why yeah occasionally when the
fingers are double-jointed they will
appreciate it they won't count so yeah
so they can see they're double-jointed
here so yeah okay you want me to be
aware of it and when you feel your hands
this test just go ahead and drop them
there in your lab just drop them again
laughs very good just like that those if
you get to move on their own
very good and as they get closer just
getting closer watch the magnet pull
them together and just let your mind
allow your hands to go together
fighting it can work you're not playing
he's not fighting no no no it's fine
trust me are you guys wait a minute
okay just move slowly so yeah yeah what
yeah i hypnotized no I knew what
happened it's time for bed tomorrow is
our anniversary five years deserves a
high five
better just that after that
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understand
