good morning sitrep its I'm good for me
that's not it and you're watching so I'm
gonna go back to this you the world is
gonna win the Stanley Cup
not the Blackhawks go what peace good
morning sweet world
no and I are playing this morning he's
running around playing some t-ball
playing with action figures were playing
with Finn in the stormtrooper and we're
catching up on family vlogs especially
Christmas vlogs for my sister well
Jenica is out walking out right is that
right
yes oh you put the T up there are you
gonna hit it up there just don't hit the
TV or house daddy won't be happy with
you at some point that T is gonna have
to be an outdoor only T but Noah isn't
quite that good yet because you could
really knock the ball off that and do
some crazy stuff don't you guys just
love Christmas vlogs the most part it's
just so happy and exciting I've always
been one to like watching people unbox
stuff Christmas is just like the best
unboxings ever cuz it's a surprise you
don't know what's I'm kiddin everyone's
super genuinely happy it's awesome I
love it I'm so happy I can feel the
happiness through the screen right Noah
can you say Santa yeah he's a hobo last
night in the car he was like oh that's
what's going on right now having a good
time stormtrooper you know you don't you
daddy a hug give daddy a hug daddy hug
hey he's my best little buddy yep my
sister said to me in the phone yesterday
she's like are you kind of like having a
letdown now are you sad now that
Christmas is over like what's next you
know and I said well the other day we
had a realization that in four months
I'm gonna have another baby
oh it's crazy there's a lot that's gonna
happen between
when the baby comes and that is just in
four months and that will be here before
you know it you know you gotta cope the
stage babe go up the stairs go up the
stairs behind you
good job he always likes to find the
stools and climb them and take books off
the top shelves he didn't last very long
in reading time today he decided to go
sit on the mat and I was like oh yes
he's sit on the mat with the other kids
and then he like slowly starts inching
his way over across the mat and then
just bolts for the door what'd you find
someone's nerf dark come show me go down
the slide and come show me he knows
where the slide is and so he just makes
a run for the door
I don't like story time mom I want the
slide but we still try it still tries to
have freak
oh I want you to show mommy I can't go
down my workout today which was really
good because I haven't gone in about two
weeks with the holidays and then I was
just lazy so and I've gotta get better
at going are you mark get set go
hello
took a big L this morning big took a big
ol L know
Oxford ten three 50s for me that's
another mouth hi Dan
we're gonna go pick up a book it's
called what's it called uh sexy dad all
shaking kid no anyways we're gonna go
pick up a new book mine was supposed to
come today in the mail but Amazon failed
me which they rarely do but the customer
service made it up by giving me an extra
month of prime and also the lady that
was helping me said that she was going
to download the book on Kindle right now
and read it and support our friend so
that's kind of cool
let's go our fourth day nurtures as it
falls
Hastings pull them through according to
online they have it here we will see
soon
they're having our time funny right now
Shay what's going on come on you I
talked to Hastings get this book up
front and center it's actually probably
up front center of each doesn't seem to
get does this store is crazy I feel like
it should be under inspiration Harry
Potter I'm feeling it
let's see health and wellness it's gotta
be here where is it
I'm feeling it thank you yeah no problem
anything else I can do for you
that's it we found it it's actually a
lot bigger than I thought like I thought
was a smaller book feels nice in the
hand quick look at the cover it has a
nice feel to it click on feet
it really does like that cover I like
like the two has a little texture to it
it's cool let's see here first page guys
I'm just gonna read you the whole book
right now so you don't even have to buy
it I'm just like Oh foreword by Dave
Ramsey eat the friggin carrots there's a
picture segment that cups
well although I couldn't get it on
Amazon gonna get it here instead
we just ate dinner that's crazy
stay here stay here stay here dad's
going to Baal night period up all night
with uncle glass playing ball right now
hey Noah can you say David dee dee dee
big say David David why can't you see me
who say David one I'm here real let's do
distracted
yeah what is this nonsense
he says app when you change your poopy
one then he'll say your name oh yeah
that's what I learned those all over the
real race yeah hey Noah Noah stop
standing in your toilet bitch Oh
who threw that at you Oh careful
ah hey good idea toy bin stop standing
on it irritants dump it all out turkey I
love when like the food hits him and
suddenly like the blood sugar kicks up
then he's ready to go yeah I know right
that dude where who is where is David
yeah that's David are you dancing come
do a little come show your shows your
tricks
oh no they're not in there come on the
carpet babe okay find me do your tricks
go keep on keep going
hey push all the way over first or not
do for at all
come on okay that you trick that you
only trick I'm gonna get you
ball net tonight
undefeated in these shorts you already
know it always feels good to exercise
and just like compete in a fun way
I definitely need exercise more
especially before the baby gets here we
are in crunch time like four months away
and once the baby's here it's gonna be a
lot harder because those first couple
months are just really hard to slip away
and do things for yourself you really
have to give up all your time because
young babies they're so unpredictable
know what we have on a good schedule we
know we can work out at night or in the
morning tomorrow I think we're gonna
start filming our new year's video which
we do every single year this will be our
third fourth one year my sister did one
for us and then two years we did it
together here a couple clips as though
I had my sister film some for her family
and then I want to get some footage of
like dejan and Aaron just because I'm
not sure if I'll see them on New Year's
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you're on break I hope you're enjoying
it so we found our wedding video I'm
gonna get that on the computer and I
think we're gonna do some commentary
while watching it on the wedding video
itself there's a lot of music and I
think that YouTube would mute it so I
think it'd be fun if tonight watched it
together plus the slideshow and then
just like did some commentary on it and
then you guys can kind of see what our
wedding day was like our anniversary is
just in a couple more days it's crazy
time seriously flies I can't believe
it's been so fun though we'll see you
guys tomorrow
base
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
