good morning is wheeler hi Julia and I'm
Molly and we're from Maryland and you're
watching Santa Claus face right here
okay
hey where are we so you have an 18 month
checkup today say I'm healthy I'm a big
healthy guy
we had the doctor we had a race over
because I forgot about he had his
18-month checkup today
luckily they leave voicemails and I
listened to it it's like oh that's in an
hour so we got ready and raced over and
oh my gosh it's open today the parking
lot is just packed I had a park and run
running here I remember that I had a
park so far away so he's doing great he
has a little bit of a snot nose right
now but dr. Damon noticed and he's dying
super healthy and really tall and big
for his age and eating really well huh
you're doing such a good job okay let's
open it he's really into these
dehydrated mangos on Saturdays you see
yourself okay yeah you did great he
didn't want to his measurements or
anything back because the nurse kind of
scared him even though she was really
nice it's just that stranger-danger face
which did it but he was great for the
doctor he sat know what's on my lap and
everything he asked I wouldn't talk or
anything but he talked now so that's
good he's reached his milestones huh hi
oh yeah he's playing to this he likes to
play with the box Minh wake up we
haven't been in okay we haven't been
here since he was one which feels like
forever ago and then what now we don't
come again until he's two so not too
many trips which is nice I'm buddy bear
we got slide over here yeah do you love
food do that Steve reading do you love
your skateboards I told him to grab the
camera because right before they go do
you love mom and he goes and mother
starts laughing I do love dad know your
deal of food do you love skateboards
nodding head do you sense of humor
you don't know that is then we need
eight when you don't know what something
is like this no you just go yeah no do
you have a sense of humor
no your silly goose do you love mommy
yeah do you love baby sister no your but
your big brother like where's baby
sister's in mommy's belly yeah your big
brother say I'm big brother do you love
uncle ap yeah I'm trying to say he was
trying to say all morning at but you say
at you say Papa oh you and your snow
gear you can go outside and play with
Andrew yeah uncle ap good having some
family around to play with Oh
despite the ever cold temperatures Noah
continues to love going outside he just
loves it trying to pick up his blades of
his crab arms oh how is this check up
today I did he's very healthy I don't
have any this tests don't promote
anymore for me and then I didn't really
ask
he's about like 30 pounds she's about 30
pounds well he fluctuates from 29 to 31
roam a lot though in six months so it
was like the dot was down here and now
it's like all the way up here from his
two-year point is your appointment yeah
and he's grown a ton yeah it does seem
like tonight all he is exactly because
he wouldn't stand still we'll have to
measure him again ourselves and see how
he's going if we lived in a house right
now I would like mark it on the wall cuz
that would that's always fun I've always
seen that in like movies and TV shows
I'm like I'm gonna do that we've noticed
that's all he's getting because he can
reach anything on the countertop and
bathroom you can look in all the drawers
and so baby-proofing flushed toddler
proofing as at a whole nother level
because you can't even like leave a
knife on the counter because they'll be
able to grab it well Annie just knows
that he can like get something to stand
on now like that - here's your smart
little cookie are you know I'm run gonna
eat it
he always spot the yellow pea oh wait
and what's the grab it that's yucky
though yeah there's more yucky see
what
Wow look how great it looks tonight
it's freezing degrees since being on
this trip I've kind of grown a small
appreciation for this I lived in Provo
for a while and I hated every minute of
it and so I kind of had a bad taste in
my mouth for snow and this kind of stuff
wet different zipper with a kid though
with you Noah cuz he loves it yes yeah
peepee good job pointing it yeah where
you going now we ruin it no back inside
tonight we're actually heading to a lot
of our friends friend Joni are still in
town and our friends Matt and Kevin and
there's a little girlish still in town
so we're actually gonna go
dinner with them tonight while they're
in town because they all took off this
week sometime so I'll be really fun I
think we're doing this even though we
had sushi for Christmas unity they all
were a lot sushi so and I'm not gonna
turn down sushi no we just spotted dad
and so he's taking off running and
giggling we just went to dinner it was a
little bit something like this
now we're trying to go find a ring for
Jen that will fit her swollen fingers
because they're already swollen every
night morning they get really swollen
and I'm claustrophobic in the way that I
can't have ring stuck on me they can't
be stuck I hate it and we're gonna walk
around and work off some of that rice
you just yeah no I just ate for dinner
Noah eats like a human adult he does an
adult human yep eats a lot good I mean
like it's easier on us but sometimes so
this is the ring that Jen decided on I
think she should go bigger though I mean
if we're gonna get a fake ring
let's just go full out like totally
unbelievable like this is he oh my gosh
good guys like jaws a little too much
attention yeah I agree
maybe this is what do you think if I get
this to focus like what do you think
this little one I don't want to get used
to having this big rock on my hand and
switch back oh no you're right you're
right this is better it's just simple it
doesn't make me crazy my fear to be fat
and so on
this lets go like that my love let me
propose to you one more time yeah Jenna
I were just saying we feel like we're
experiencing like a holiday hangover we
don't drink especially dead pregnant and
I don't either
we're just like I'm so tired today hey
remember just look don't touch
this dude is just all over the place the
magic of Jordan in those shoes Hey look
both ways you don't wanna get hit by a
shopping cart
there's my setup right there
how can you see it here that Hilary Duff
playing right now some of the tricks in
store just wrapping up today's vlog I've
been thinking about the past 18 months
as Noah just turned 18 months old and
how it has truly been the best 18 months
of our lives I've noticed that kids
aren't amazing blessing to families
whether it's your kid or someone else's
I feel like they can really just like
heal the family make them come together
and I've seen that happen in my life and
the life of other family members and is
just truly a blessing to have know in
our lives and to have another one on the
way
I just I'm truly grateful especially
that Noah has been so healthy like it's
been amazing
I can't barely get sick he'll get
sniffles for a day and then it's gone
there's so much I want to say last time
before Noah was born we made a video for
him before he was born talking about how
we felt I feel like we needed to do that
more often about like in the moment how
we feel now at 18 months about Noah and
all I gotta say is I love that kid so
much so Noah future now if you're
watching this I Love You Man you've
brought so much joy to our lives
it's been amazing today was a pretty
relaxed day just kind of recovering from
the holidays it's funny that sometimes
when you're on vacation you need another
vacation to recover just how it works
sometimes I want to talk to you guys
tomorrow about some stuff that we're
working on a New Year's video I'm gonna
post a link to the one last year that we
did that is happening very soon because
New Year's is almost here also our
five-year wedding anniversary can't wait
see us tomorrow
you can treat if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood that's pretty neat
