it smells delicious do you wanna know
why that's why decided to get one less
fun lunch before everyone takes off mom
and Matt and Hailey and Andrew
I'll leave within the hour half hour
probably which is really unfortunate
very very unfortunate we all had a great
time Rachel stays for one more hour
after they all take off perfect exactly
I don't have 31 30 so two hours and we
went on one last shopping adventure to
alter this morning but I forgot to tell
even though I had the camera with me so
we'll have to film what we got whoops
and no exam don't leave
I'll say yeah I would love to say taxi
back yeah take a greyhound Rachel can
you just stay stay till New Year's I
know I love you all
thanks for coming go on yeah no one's
responding it's so cold out here yeah I
think yeah I think it you wanted to say
get Andrea sure okay my lip to me a
last-minute last-minute switch of the
plan but I'm treating an him staying for
a day and a half to date see you soon
Google potato pancakes you won't regret
it
they'll be keep selling me so I don't
wait okay yeah
let's known you get home to my channel
we're doing a little mini video alo mini
alcohol because we went shopping after
Christmas and we are currently editing
our other videos for our channels so in
the meantime I have nothing on my face
so let's go thanks for coming wow that's
fancy no we were all leaving so he's a
little sad right now he's trying to get
away
okay so for the past a while I've been
testing out my little red carpet
manicure and so far so good
so far so good doing a very final step
we go for revitalizing nail oil oil or
cuticle oil
I like this second it gives me
everything it gives me like I don't have
to buy it all the little bottle
separately so we'll see how it goes
and if I like it and if it doesn't if it
chips on a day or two I'm returning it
so
Hey well it is a chilly 16 degrees out
here but I've got my little oh my little
sidekick and I told him I'd bring him
outside cuz he was so nice and patient
played with Andrew while I did my nails
and he just needs to get some energy out
it needs to be outside in the sunshine
at least it's sunny that's the nice
thing I need sixteen freakin degrees but
place is sunny I think it supposed to
get two negatives whoa okay playing in
the snow for a little bit not too long
though he's just happy to be out here
he's like no he loves us so much he
loves it when it's kind of likes and you
like this no good thing you're wearing
padding also I've become very crafty
with this one
and started putting his gloves on first
and then put me just go over his glove
so they don't ever come off anymore
it's great and they keep half his arm
warm hi you had the street come on come
play over here I'm just staring at me
are you going out Billy it's just us now
I've said it probably 10 times today
that is extra quiet here now not that
your family is loud or I should say our
family is loud but yeah actually
everyone's really loud yeah it's very
quiet Jen's doing her coloring action a
third page what's your third one nice
ooh that's cool one of the ridge of the
tourists she is she she stopped after a
while I feel like these are some even
like to cut out and like frame or
something
very very cool very Hobby Lobby I was in
a play and I worked at the Hobby Lobby
in that play fun fact it was based in
Idaho
it was something about Boise just it was
voted number three by the OC Register
yeah best shows this year yeah in Orange
County yeah
we are just relaxing the Christmas vlog
finally made it up if you're on our
periscope you saw how long that took to
process and upload and it was just bland
it was 56 minutes long a fun Christmas
action hope you guys were able to see it
there are a lot of great moments that I
feel like we experienced yesterday let's
go like more even watching me get the
car this is a good time that I did the
first time and a lot of people have been
wondering like what kind of it it is
it's a Honda Pilot and it has enough
seats for eight people which means we're
gonna have a family of eight no we we're
focusing on our 3/4 right now
that's it for right now no I mean not
I'm saying we're focused on our family
as is right now oh we haven't begun to
discuss that sort of thing but Jenna
always wanted a car that would be able
to fit all the kids Noah and I didn't
really mouse the name anyways okay we
are going to play some games right now
Jen's gonna color and we're just
enjoying each other's company it's kind
of sad that everyone's gone this is the
fastest family has ever been away from
us on the holidays we usually always
spent Christmas Eve with family too so
we're just like our New Year's Eve so we
had Andrew stay for a couple days and I
don't know what we're gonna do chat I
have to go somewhere
I have to surprise Christy I'm either my
Gorillapod still well yeah it looks like
a microphone so thanks for joining us
today hope you guys had a wonderful day
and with you tomorrow and the
