there's no stocking destination okay
come on time for bed so Santa can come
we're up we've had some Aiken Aiken and
banks that's all so I say Aiken and bake
bacon and bathe Matt's here and rate to
see at Rachel's being a really great and
coloring and doing whatever no wants to
do she's actually coloring to an actual
picture and it's the best day okay so
according to Sam Christmas Eve is like
the fifth at his most favorite day of
the year today is my favorite day of the
year
Christmas Eve there's no other day like
it it's a better than Christmas to me it
really is it's like the belle of
Christmas Christmas is the next day but
then I kind of feel like Christmas is
kind of like the worst him because then
it's like over yeah antha well another
year for this moment right here
everywhere you go on Christmas Eve
people are generally happier they treat
people differently everyone's friendly
it's like we let down our barriers and
we're able to communicate with strangers
which is pretty cool it's how every day
should be I went to the grocery store
this morning ones like Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas and I'll be with us now
be with that help you this and it's just
you can feel the spirit of Christmas
which I love so let's go enjoy Christmas
Eve I hope that you find yourself with
people that you love whether you
celebrate or not I hope you having a
great weekend but it's the most
wonderful time of the year ladies just
chillin hey lady
alright it's been so nice I have to
sweep up or wipe up anything having
later
we're gonna check oh yeah there's a
little like a we got a little yeah what
is that called
no thing and we are going to decorate
some stockings my lips are chapped but
it's for my lipstick still yes sir it's
stained me
and then after Noah's nap we're gonna go
ice skating and then come back and start
cooking up dinner and stuff we're having
a really fun dinner tonight it's like
big beef tenderloin and mashed potatoes
what well lunch is just appetizers we're
kind of we've kind of stole so a lot of
ideas from Lisa and is she giving you
kisses you like her huh
Oh kisses oh it's not like no I just
said kisses can you say kisses he is
obsessed with this dog he follows her
around even though she does not like it
always look she's giving you kisses
Merry Christmas Eve oh my hand Oh in the
face dude in the face I have been glama
fied by Rachel Oh
okay why did my makeup and Rachel give
me some lipstick Hayley I made some
progress I need your help
I've only done some today no Cooper
sweater is oh wow he likes a nd Haley
huh
give her a kiss cuz Haley now she's like
save me from this boy okay I got the
spread out we've got garlic herb goat
cheese some gooey cheese crackers grapes
all comments for sandwiches we've got
little weenies and cheesie's and we've
got some other meat stuff
Sam's defrosting these shrimp we've got
other stuff here boom everywhere we did
it we literally just finished the puzzle
puzzle let's turn it her complete it's
very cute the top was very rustic this
front up here was very hard this part we
got it in very quickly turn your camera
off no I think we're gonna start
decorating stockings and then go ice
skating with no wake up I'm just kidding
no everyone has been running around
uploading and relaxing and names we've
done the best you can the picture but
we've got this about this resting Sam
mat meet meet chef alright could you
just give this meet one life spank
before it goes in okay what others I'm
thank you but it is stocking decorations
are underway
there's mats going I don't
put online Andrews very indecisive oh
wow okay that's cute that looks great
heylia's great penmanship I might have a
write my name on the best yeah big his
will be the best one is the best who
says hey that's sweaters you know that
simplicity is key and then this it
shapes my figure nice to look
which was makeup silicon fabulous oh oh
you're Lucy I told you yesterday and
that was just Cullen we're gonna help
him with his in a little bit we're just
taking some turns that is not there's
good space selfie you may describe your
psyching it's in preparation for my gold
Oscar that I'll win
that's my Academy Award so it is it's
yeah kinda hate that guy picnic I like a
stone I got a penalty yeah Egyptian you
know before clearing up its speedo
not bad Guerrero tradition dan in real
life is on as something they watch every
Thanksgiving and Christmas and we just
took the meat out that is amazing it's
good it looks good yeah my first like
growing up I'm cooking the big beef
chicken whatever you want to say the big
sky Nene so little help from my mom and
a text message hopefully I could alright
we'll eat it anyways
and there was just gonna straight in the
wok with carrots Merry Christmas buddy
because Noah is the only grandchild
and he's your nephew in the family right
this moment that is with us well I mean
there's some in your he kind of gets
away with more because people are the
coefficients with the kids he's only one
server so I'm sure this will change very
soon just because it's Christmas buddy
just because it's Christmas
you made that my bare hands I make fun
of my carving skills looks great okay
first time a chef man bro dude that is
like that's so good pepper I like me
tons of flavor but that meat like just a
meat taste it doesn't right you don't
know the best the best part is how you
get just that little tinge of that salt
and pepper on the border like giant bowl
of mashed potatoes giant boulder massive
oh that's not bad
we've got some more appetizer things
with these for my mom take in we got me
this is the first Christmas that Joe and
I have ever maybe posted we've always
gotten either my house or Jenny's and
this is the first moments our houses our
townhome apartment when you don't have a
lot of room or lots of seats and kind of
improvised andrew is the first for this
food uh-huh how's the meat awesome does
it go yeah you like it oh yeah it's
different no under yeah so yeah this is
our setup it's not perfect but you know
this is the real life this is the real
life wouldn't have it any other way
that's perfect plate though that looks
perfect
you may go sit down and eat are you
enjoying Christmas just finished dinner
everyone talks about their favorite
moments from 2015 which pretty much
consisted of having our own places to
live that babies
I'm the host everyone here then Noah
just pants right before we're going to
take our cute little perfect family
photo which is just to show you that
real real life it doesn't always happen
that way you don't always get that
Christmas photo that you want right on
Christmas Eve yeah this is a real life
of Noah great Anderson know what
happened downstairs did you poop your
pants yeah
are you excited about Christmas Eve
Rhian joying it no one who's coming
tonight is it Santa Santa coming yeah
I'm just like Santa right now even the
nicer naughty list which lists there you
are okay what do you want for christmas
really whoa
no any last thoughts about Christmas Eve
should we go put your health jammies on
okay let's couple your elf jammies on
he says where your hair is how about
your eyeballs what about your nose but
your mouth what about your ears where's
your ears and these ears are here lookie
thank you
yeah your ears right there yeah okay
let's go put your up jammies on
they'll stand up yeah he's ready for bed
okay you don't that I'm yeah yeah in the
morning that's gonna be filled with
goodies you put on the chair over there
cook it on the chair no no you just just
put the stocking on the chair babe
perfect that all your keys will be on
that chair in the morning three pairs
that even a good boy seriously let's
hope Santa comes tonight keep praying
because he might I don't know if you've
been a good boy this year huh there's no
stocking destination okay come on time
for bed so Santa can come
his name Emmanuel vibrating contacting
some great joy
love you know what I know they like the
bed buddy buddy all right you've brushed
your teeth pretty much every night this
year I think you're on the nice list
that's a Papa would say Santa's coming
tonight baby a little elf has to go to
sleep because Santa's gonna come visit
yep what do you do when you just turned
21 you put your headphones on and listen
to what do you listening to Oh Jane
Drake's singing happy birthday it's
actually true not even gonna lie right
now really no oh wait what do you do
when you turn 20 to 22 all right you
guys it's both the head right that cuts
wait your Butler big white shirts
wait you're both wearing candy cane
pants oh well Santa's gotta have his
midnight snack which is olives with
garlic some cheese more cheese and if
tiny wieners you gotta love the tiny
meteors the tiny wieners go to bed god I
bet Santa has work to do
you
