oh my goodness no happy vlogmas day - I
think I'm wearing a Christmas I wish we
said jumper here in the state I love the
name jumper who wearing a Christmas
jumper today this is Sam's from a couple
years ago I'm feeling a little large and
in charge with this growing stomach this
one
Bella so I just wanted to kind of just
wear something cozy I don't even need to
change pants or a little too tight
around my waist
guys this is growing it's still weird
say this baby's growling anyway we this
crazy busy week that I had had finally
coming to an end we had our ward
Christmas party this morning which was
really fun and great let me see what
you're working on we got it Christmas
sweaters on it really only ones that
work Christmas sweaters but you know we
had to might do two outfits today
and then now we're home Andrew went home
already he left when we went to the
Christmas party he had to go down the
road because he was supposed to leave
last night but then he stayed the night
we're currently watching elf we're
watching that together and I'm about to
clean up because it's kind of messing
here and then like after PJs nap or and
head over to Monica Elliott's because
they're from the Christmas party tonight
I mean it's for adults and kids so we're
bringing the kids with us they got like
a bounce house and everything so like
they went full out we're having like a
white elephant a white elephant gift I
think I was supposed to like funny stuff
like gag gifts but whatever I didn't
know one time I to be honest I'm not on
Facebook very often anymore and Monica
was putting all the info on Facebook
like Monica can you just thank me
because I didn't know I was supposed to
get a gift or bring up food cuz it's
like a potluck dinner style anyway so I
just thought this was fun I got a little
funfetti cake mix and that's about cocoa
so this morning bright and early we had
our word Christmas party at church Jenn
wore this like why did you wear this
because I said no jammies oh that's
right ridiculous I were a ugly Christmas
sweater and I feel like we're the only
one Christmas they're not like very few
it's just like for the Halloween party
we're some of the Oh Mia Doug's just
dressed up so that I should have worn
it's like half mermaid are you gonna
wear that today Christmas tree
you know wear this tonight yes I'm
wearing right now okay so you guys I
love it thing okay a little photo shoot
I want to put a present under that tree
thing today is also the first day that
I'm gonna do my Santa's 12 days of
Christmas the live giveaway did not
count as one of the twelve I'm just
picking twelve random days between now
and Christmas and giving away some of my
favorite things you want to do perfect
oh my goodness
who is this what odd nah man kiss your
hand I love you oh I have that Christmas
suit but I feel like if I wear it
tonight I'll be like super super
overdressed especially of gems I hate
pajamas okay we are getting in the car
getting ready to go to Monica Elliot
house for their little Christmas
shopping really sorry I know people hate
when I use the defender as a what's
going on thighs anyway we're under my
Elliot I put some bling on my balls
I thought giveaway and
where if there's more if the opportunity
arises where I should wear it I'm like
right in a second I swear my eye has a
weird I know it's different but it
didn't maybe put more makeup on this I
Who am I scared on this side I see how
much better white outfit what if we went
to chick-fil-a and just got like a bunch
of tons of chick-fil-a sauce I'd be like
a really cool thing I should be really
funny but I have to be at her house okay
cake mix and hot chocolate Sam doesn't
like my president that's like 98 cent
cake mix yeah it's supposed to be by
elephant like funny people are buying
weird funny things yeah how awesome
would it be what's better
98 98 cent cake mix which I don't like
it's not it's freaking funfetti or a
whole bag of cheese filet sauce tubs why
do people don't like to point out and
they'll give it away
I feel pretty Rhys let's go come on mean
back to justice come in
no Christmas tree where'd you get that
oh wait wait
no there's a star on top oh my gosh Jen
I mean you're you're trying to get cute
for this party no no no like 90 degrees
out I'm wearing is onesie Merry
Christmas
because he's a bum he got in the car and
I've literally like mug where's your
suit
I'll sweat Sam doesn't like my gift so
he's getting a different gift by the way
yes you know just it's funnier a funnier
gift I'll wash your tree looks so pretty
Oh your decorations are so pretty
oh hi princess and your pretty dress wow
it smells so good in here
oh my gosh Monica I want all of your
decorations look at this tree
hello no one else dressed up for a
Christmas party
ah good good now I can eat as much as I
want and no one will know oh my gosh
this seems insane wow this is a big one
PJ go jump baby I'm just trying to get
the hang of it
well well well whoa PJ's first bounce
house whoa yeah you wanted to get into
the festivities huh you're a conehead
Merry Christmas
unicorn baby Suns can
for pausing the game because of HQ
when the person have you getting good
- Nana's jennchris for Davos look at her
she gets into a power stance look at the
power stance works out
