oh did it taste good little time
this is the great thing about having my
sister here who does hair and stuff he
doesn't do here though I just look at
her hair her hair looks beautiful so I
told her shadow do my hair everyday she
was here I care too much about my hair
is the problem I just should not care as
much as what it's sorry you're dying
you're suffering
yes sardines pricey love hairspray so
much because your hair so shiny
well it's only cuz I got it died and
I've been only washing it twice in a
week it has it and it's still this silky
anyway we're gonna film some videos
today doing nap time yeah we're not sure
exactly what yeah I think your sister
tag maybe something funny yeah we don't
know but I put on makeup today just a
little I always put on blush and stuff
and I always think it's a ton and then I
come somewhere else I'm like there's no
not know that's perfect that's how
you're supposed to do it no it was good
I put your snow pants on today Oh Andrew
wow there's a lot of snow out today
everyone's out getting some fresh air
Andrews and PJ's oh that's cold
that's good oh look at daddy's look at
daddy's know what daddy has won
take this one find the big chunks and
dropping them do you like this no my
lady says one I want a coat like Haley I
need that coat I need it funny prancing
through this no no through the dad okay
okay dad's gonna throw it at you Oh get
that one throw it at me I can never hold
it at you it was like oh it tastes good
are you having way too much fun
grandpa I think I think grandpa's having
way too much fun I love when there's
family around cuz I get like a mini
break
nice keeping him crack-up oh do you say
grandpa Sam got something for the boys
throwback oh I know what it is you know
what it is
yeah memory told me I don't know what it
is dude that's hilarious
apparently just killed like you know two
people because I've never got us no will
be no no not like the drink itself
Listeria joke too many or love or
something you can only buy the names on
them they brought it back is liking the
song I was gonna say D that's crazy
I've never had oh no cuz all to their
big well my parents my my family i stuff
lipstick on company my sister film some
videos together today you fight my
sister film videos today two videos with
each way to for each no one eternal film
some more those like New Year's looks
and stuff I don't know anyway they all
really want to see the store so we're
going to the mall to show them that fans
oh fast was anyone looking um we're
coming to the mall to show them the
store and then we're gonna go to the
bouncing slide place because all the
boys want to go down the sides and race
and do boy things
yeah look at nowheres we are you I'm
gonna get your reaction to the store no
I ain't do any of it I just did the
pictures that's all
my favorite mother I got that on camera
I think I love it I wanted then be sweet
Jack work here she thank your sales cash
register you I love it it's awesome it
looks great pretty cool huh yeah it's a
little different to provide would you
send the wall yeah I did and then they
couldn't die my dad couldn't tell that
there was a bee in my name and so I had
to fix it and make sure that it was
legible so I think looking I'm looking
for dead our friend Julie also left us a
present here at the store some let's see
what flavor is that flavor to me they're
flavors for tchard Frost Thank You Julie
Merry Christmas
I want everything I'm getting that back
Rachel made she made her first purchase
made purchases I could have bought the
whole store but yeah butternut had my
favorite sweater my personal favorite I
always find David in the camera feel how
hot my neck is gonna happen it's good it
might you take something off are you
thermal under here let me take your
jacket off hey mom got a hat a very cute
winter hat winter bobble hat with the
red and the red looks cute on her I like
it screening right you both should I
like this one this one oh this looks
better on you you're at the
Andrews and take Noah down the slide I'm
going I'm participating
there goes mama Noah
Raceland are going
let go guys
I'm racing Andrea I'm kind of out of
breath so if I lose that's my excuse
haha
three two one go whoo how do you feel by
that Jam I got stuck yeah she's a
warm-up right I'm bigger
dude he's bigger and better you know 95
dude you just got to bounce over all of
these good job did you win hey your your
split more to get through the little
cracks
the winds away I'm taking it a window in
they've got more bodies taller trying to
make you feel good this Christmas Yeah
right about a win here
Hey
okay you wanted to do together do it
together was doing your floppy air
we're just my lack that Matthews funny
and in his wall that's the stupid things
but but it's funny he gets away with
things do the things and being funny
other people and I put the word to try
to act like Matt asked it would just be
stupid but Matt is actually funny stupid
rented this place co-chair Avery
what this place ball Papa days which is
like jerky tell me about your experience
so far so we had a ghost pepper that was
pretty the other good flavors there's a
ghost chili was it ghost chili yeah
ghost chili that one was kind of spicy
then we went up to the Carolina Reaper
this one they gotten I'm feeling it like
my tongue hurts and I'm sorry sweating I
got the hiccups I can't think at home
like I got them down but this is this is
like what it goes from honey teriyaki
original sweet pepper hot pepper ghost
pepper
scorpion as well and then I listed yeah
the one that is the Carolina Reaper
which I just read this place is also a
deli they have salt and pepper shakers
that are light bulbs
you know it's frustrating I'm talking to
my blog but I'm talking to you too oh
you get Christmas jammies and then you
wear them for like one night yeah and
then it's over yeah so let's bust them
out a night early although it's kind of
tight it's kind of tight it's a little a
little tight in all regions I will if
someone
oh okay sure no wait where's your elf
jimmies where's your host Jay put your
of TV's on yeah oh geez I have my shirts
on because everyone was like Sam I can't
believe you're wearing that why not pick
up my crotch it up my butt okay just
gonna head to medium medium cuz you just
get medium and everything right now I'm
getting large and everything
hey put your hood on large an extra wall
it's so cute too doesn't it's comfy
though thanks so pretty I was large so
my sister got me and her matching
onesies and then samp I got me a onesie
it was too small so but if it's like my
sister Hayley so we're all in red
onesies yes
giant Elmo I love it neh twins the first
gift of Christmas goes to yeah I had my
dad this year so and he has to leave
tomorrow so we're given to mrs. festerly
this is something you made I made it and
Andrew made this yeah blood sweat and
tears haven't seen these pictures in
forever well they're like nice pages oh
look
Wow mom got us all matching jammies
we've to do jammies in the past and
again
Arjuna's pajamas
Rachel's wrapping is beautiful
oh I love these snowflakes Rachel just
pulled off kinda games snowflakes dude
cuz we want a family picture Christmas
but with either really father saw the
Grinch Davis naked over there Sam's
where you Santa we lift your Sherpa kit
will match two brothers you'll never
guess what we just cracked open or maybe
you can't guess guess take a guess
or take a gander Halley most puzzles
just as much as I do so we busted out
the Christmas puzzle I'm very excited
about it dad's joined in it's a fun
Christmas Eve Eve night plus my lipstick
stains that remove my mouth delicious
regret so it's not the hairline early
precise because I go slipper in them
there's another pepper they keep its
warranty
1.5 to 1.7 million Scoville heat units
which is Czech jalapeno pepper 3000 this
is one point five to seven million
we're basically it's a girl stuff it's
not like they put it just they probably
sprinkled dust yeah okay they just had a
ghost chili pepper one yeah no shame
have like a fence and a half was it was
it really good let's get the lowdown
here we're gonna get a really hot piece
of beef jerky and try not to cry just
just feed it in that's when you get the
full effect just to get on your mouth
damn just to enjoy their juices you know
like I can smell that real thoughts
coming now to you David it but really
you gotta true it your mouths open to
your breasts too hot it's coming right
now to you and if this has a feel soon
if you had a whole stick to yourself
yeah a whole stick we'd be back but that
was the dow's cake I mean it spicy like
don't get me wrong
yeah it's great ah I'm getting hiccups
with spicy guy gobbling I think we had
way harder everyone's in bed I don't
know if I'll be able to sleep tonight
because tomorrow is my absolute favorite
day of the year I love Christmas Eve
it's such a fun day it's magical make
sure he's just so happy
there's the anticipation of the next day
there's all the celebrating of just oh
it's great we'll see you guys that peace
was too
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
would be good that understood good you
better believe it is the sex your twin
