for this Christmas season please mrs.
smooth out a verse from second our
bodies please list and a baby whose list
Hayley and the baby in distress amen
amen
you know did you on the plane cuz you
guys think no I didn't wanna yeah oh my
gosh the one day where I'm like okay I
want a super crew system okay if it
doesn't snow today was the biggest
snowstorm today well it was not like the
last couple days driving here what's the
craziest weather I've ever driven in my
life okay perfect then we're not we'll
be back in time together probably a
little delayed this weather okay you're
here Rachel's first flight since high
school
Rachel's first flight since high school
since she was 18 gonna die yeah she had
a pretty bumpy flight which I'm glad I
was not so nervous my first card was
like wasted
because we all of us are like guys this
is my blog today hello
the Morty's getting burgers this is
called a slider jen has the real camera
so
women on the we two hours later I'm
around two at the airport we're trying
to find my dad and he's taking four
freaking forever and he didn't even
check a bag we don't know where he is
but we did stop at Trader Joe's mm-hmm
and I kind of went a little overboard it
pretty nice but when you only go once
every six months you stock up what's the
phrase you went man but we didn't by
hand and righteous Magan and we're
trying to find dad and he won't pick up
our phone and we know he's not on their
plans we just talked to him but he won't
pick up his phone we don't know where he
is so I'm like this is awesome
Pop's it's still snowing but not as bad
what for the Caymans not scary again
between you guys just put it in the
middle the back is a little packed look
who finally showed up I say go out doors
hand and he comes from all the way down
there I knew you would they took this
office the last type of criminal once I
do what we always come up were down here
so nine eight - welcome - it's nice and
snowing the bride yeah the King this
morning was so scary
the hazards of snow
I'll show you it's bad let's go
this one's awake this one's awake and
loving on lady open the sheriff go hey
Chico is she under the table hiding from
you
yeah she's hiding from you not to love
you he'll warm up in about a minute
your nose good look at the doggy Oh
would you give you kisses it's not Glade
PD is he silly with that doggy okay lady
do you like the puppy oh you're gonna
give her hugs
looking pulled his hands are you doing
that dump me at the store I'm gonna be
honest but mr. monk I'm so tired today I
think we're all tired Rachael's cold
just hit her in the face yeah
everyone's tired we just got back from
our last the shopping trip at Trader
Joe's Sam's Club and Walmart and we're
ready to just be done and hang out the
snow looks so pretty but it was in such
bigger flakes before guys look at this
fickle snowman down hasn't been in this
for a while this is like a snow globe
the dudes are at Bed Bath & Beyond six
you're gonna have a crazy yes I found
out yesterday morning okay welcome I go
I go Matt hey
we surprised david though 46 oh wait
wait wait what was that the baby's
coming don't worry we'll put in the
reaction you had on dying I peed my
pants
no one's burped no the day before notes
birthday now one day before June 26 June
but do you think if you hear she's late
that's his birthday two months so
excited knowing their birth today so we
find out January 4th is when you find
out the sex yeah so excited pretty
excited yeah yeah you puppy kisses ah
good puppy kisses on her head Noah can
you give her kisses give her kisses she
doesn't want your pants doing
but not everyone downstairs watching the
Santa Claus
nine everyone upstairs is playing video
games we decided to move the LAN party
upstairs because for your downstairs
we'd probably be like disrupting the
movie so having a little video game time
right now I've never played this game
I'm not a big gamer like these two are
so I'm trying to direct myself teaching
each other how to play game now key my
family doesn't stop eating my family
doesn't stop eating but at least it's
vegetables now yeah okay the end of the
night okay take me this weekend yeah but
I fell asleep on couch and Matthew wants
to protect in the daily dish yeah so
doing the daily dish with all my
goodness Matthew like on the neck yes
okay okay around the neck
how have you been married five years no
just over three years three years in
August daily dish with Hailey and Matt
this is this is Haley Matthews beautiful
better half thank you better half
fragment but no I don't ruin it as a
task Oh
so mm-hmm what's new what's new he's
pregnant I didn't get the job I thought
yeah I got a school right and Haley's
pregnant
we're really really really really
excited when I first got through three
years - yeah we're twinsies our twins
born one the same are not D the day
prior to Noah's birthday but if it's
late like some babies are 19:26 is our
DNA right January 4 can find out where
girl
Matthew is a former Marine I guess
you'll always be a marine right yeah but
former analyst I'm not an active-duty
marine anymore
hence the da da yes and so now he's he's
a made the plunge to go back to school
hungry is that I love you me
oh hey it was smart
oh yeah hooker first was your first
child lady can my baby mate thank you
maybe a dachshund a long-haired dogs
like a member for not acting you know
that's like Haley or lady you are a
human being
Rachel Drock in a onesie Sam what's you
of the day doing colorful colorful okay
doctor cauliflower cauliflower or
broccoli none hey wait hey wait I got a
funny joke what is missing that bomb
buddy favorite vegetable right now
broccoli
you can reach a few too soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood we do trainings yeah
good night everyone you sir see you
later
