let's give you this and so I told mom
she's like you didn't love it she's like
I got the same thing
yeah
good morning Jenna has done an amazing
job this morning cleaning up I was up
late cleaning up and now we're probably
playing a dangerous game but we're
playing the stair basketball game which
is apparently when we bounce the ball
off the stairs don't reach for it wait
for it to come up and have a feeling
that Noah's gonna make like did you see
dad you got some shots oh so when we
family to get here Jen wins the family
getting here today
Jen wins the family getting here today
it's mentally Jo I have a question for
you do you think Noah's been good enough
to get presents from Santa this year
yeah what about you have you been a good
boy I'm kind of worried about this guy
he should be okay oh we still have a
couple more days so
we'll see some Christmas cards that
arrived recently my cousins you guys
have seen them in the vlogs
they're awesome it's like there's
another one that got here which one was
it and I've got a mail out the last
presence of Christmas so that they're
there in time
another Christmas card in Merry
Christmas from the Andersons
and I took that picture on the back too
everyone always asks what is that a I'm
the tree what does it mean is it the
baby's name and then the other day on
Twitter I was like alright I'll give you
guys a clue on the name of the baby it's
three names their name starts with an A
and people are starting to get a names
for the first name which wouldn't be the
third name our last names Anderson
that's why we have an A on the tree for
Anderson same reason why we have an a
right there it's two BFFs watching to my
pad David don't disturb them David don't
disturb them David don't disturb them
Dejan has arrived with more instagrams
look at that he just ate a piece and a
half of pizza and he's still eyeing your
food no so uh we just look over and see
this little guy spin in there and we're
like hey how you tall enough to do that
that's cause he's an engineer he's
intuitive intuitive he's like how do I
say that word and into do it intuitive
yeah you're smart little cookie there
you washing your hands my mom can
confirm this this is something that I
used to do as a kid they would I think I
don't know about all the details but
they let me put it the sink we get set
up a little
or something and I would just play wow
he's four hours well I think Sam's
getting changed cuz he wants to be nur
Instagram so let me know if you don't
want a minute okay hey kids I know you
can read anything knives he opened up
remember that why wouldn't before you
could even walk yeah open don't read out
over in the freaking door and now he's
like I'm gonna wash the dishes that I'm
gonna like come in and I'm gonna clean
so like my hands like I got a goodness
of the tree oh by golly it's a Christmas
miracle we fix the lights we fix we
build I knew it is either a fuse or one
of the light bulbs is out cuz that's
what happens mm-hmm Jen found out online
so the light strain will go out uh-huh
and it's either the first light that's
out that needs to be replaced or the one
after that so it was actually the one
after that
yep second try fixed ready to go we have
our artificial pine tree yeah Sam
refreshed it it smells so lovely sounds
like a real tree a real Christmas tree
lights
probably a nervous
festive why we strung them up the stairs
or like around this kitchen or something
bad they won't stay oh they'll be too
much yeah
I've been chatting with my mom they're
on their way up from
brothers how my brother and
sister-in-laws house down south aways
and I said we've been English anxiously
awaiting their arrival all day long I
was kind of hoping they'd be here when
Noah's still awake but my sister-in-law
had to work unfortunately so it's kind
of sad but it's okay they're still
coming and we're really excited
hopefully the weather is not too bad for
them so the problem will get here too
like one maybe after one which is kind
of stinky but that's alright we're just
enjoying streaming lights Wow
it looks like a beautiful Christmas tree
Wow actually looks pretty cool babe
yeah I like it up there on the wind
itself is hey how did you reach up there
no I like it it's fun I don't see how
this puzzle and what's funny is I told
summers like literally almost bought
that puzzle when I was there getting
Noah some steps but yeah it's only five
minute pieces and I was kind of like
maybe I should be suppose Christmas
puzzle just didn't seem as cool yeah I
am the reason I believe that all like
it's still yeah
George the reason I didn't get it was
like I was like oh it's only fell into
pieces this is probably big and so I
didn't get it but look that'll be a fun
one
it'll be good so I'm excited for that I
just love this time of year okay you
guys are not gonna believe this it looks
like a fairy tale outdoor and restaurant
Bellagio something it looks like there's
a hall I know but it's just the lights
are so bright look how pretty
Sam strung them all like back and forth
all back and forth all the time right
they look so pretty all sig zagged we
heard a door slam what is known in the
canyons well hopefully we get that snow
three-fifths of us right here right now
that is where the boys have been that
dear brother man he's basically turned
into a country man he's wearing cowboy
boots under where's his gun on his head
that's covered
and Andrew oh hello good to see many of
you many of you know him or know of him
good to see you again maybe you don't
Andrew used to vlog he stopped
actually I watched one of my blogs
yesterday I was like dang I was really
good at this Oh Sam found footage anyway
David was here but he went cuz he is
work 12 oh wow Wow so I'm gonna I'm
gonna sing to you guys tomorrow
no and my sister comes tomorrow so then
we'll all be here and our dad and their
dad and their mom's here David the first
Christmas we've all been here I found it
from when we got the vlogging camera the
two days before we started vlogging we
just you know a little memory stick oh
that's amazing the end it's like oh my
god I'm saying mm-hmm
where is it are they gonna show us what
I'm doing today is the year round
on the true-life
good night good night
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'll be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'll be happy let's give this and so I
told mom she's like she's happy
