oh my goodness no just did a somersault
a legit real some don't try again no try
again ain't you good nigga you you look
like a really you
you guys already know that I'm Monday I
typically like to talk about products
and brands that I like we've been
talking a ton about Harry's a ton of you
guys have ordered things for your loved
ones for the holidays
keep sending me tweets if you have here
are some of them that I have gotten boom
boom oh wow now it's probably a little
too late to get them this for Christmas
now but if you are looking for linked
Christmas gifts or something for
yourself
you can still get a box my promo code is
still available to use what are you
ready to shave yeah Tim shaves every
single day with his own little player is
er yeah I'm not gonna lie Sam shoved up
my nose so that's all I'm smelling no
that's your face no no too old the hand
under there is your cute face he put
like this knife ends right now oh my
everything that Harry's does is quality
they make it themselves in a box this
box is normally $15 with my promo codes
Amica at Harry's calm you can get it for
ten five dollars off a beautiful razor
as you can see here finely crafted some
nice little touches in the box
you got your travel case I'm gonna box
your of replacement blades which are
always nice to have on the website if
you want to go bigger they have all
sorts of options like I got this copper
one it's like silver one those are there
too I'll put a link it's great for guys
girls you can shipped right to your door
so you have to go to the store which is
always a hassle because a lot of times
the razors are all locked up you have to
ask them for permission and they're
usually a lot more expensive there so
this whole set 15 bucks use my promo
codes Amica at Harry's comm I'll put a
link in the description that you can
click on you'll get it for $10 instead
of 15 smells great looks great shades
great David I can attest it does it's a
live testimony I'm about to use it you
need a little baby is it right there
and no I got to keep the stash and
goatee going I'm going at the
description at all yeah actually pull it
off better than I do you might actually
have thicker facial hair than I do it's
only right that I do this one more time
before Christmas it doesn't really stink
this little one loves picking up huge
ice chunks and dropping it on the
concrete we've been trying to come out
and get outside at least it's like you
know once a day which is sounds terrible
but in the winter that's all you can
hope for so at least getting out once or
twice a day so we're just out getting
fresh air this kid loves the snow
we can never stay out too too long
because he just ends up soaking wet
Sam's out running Christmas errands
trying to make Christmas happen for some
people it's a clean up clean up clean up
day although I know on Monday before
everyone comes I'll be cleaning up again
this kid loves the winter snow you love
this no don't you pick up a big chunk
good job just not at people okay you can
throw it at the ground are you pooping
day I turn the camera run right when you
decide to poop
probably oh good jump no night just so
good oh I miss elaina my cheek a little
too hard just woke up from some naps no
it was a lot longer than mine which is
it good I just wanted to quit a little
pick-me-up nap Sam has just been we have
not seen him all day he's been out and
about and they went to the store because
I think it's pretty busy today on my
to-do list I wrote everything out cuz I
like to make lists it's clean the spare
closet because yes I did clean the spare
closet very recently but someone by the
name of Samuel oh you did poop I can
smell it did you go poop hey be honest
did you poop yeah something but I have
Samuel
just kind of makes this closet a
disaster gaekju blue goggles you clean
that first we're going for the second
time another one look who's finally home
this guy's been running around town oh
yeah I was have to say everything I've
been working on but I can't because it's
all top secret top secret - I was
seriously about to just divulge every
single thing I saw was like okay Billa
today
hours later half a day of success yeah
half of am not success yeah
half a day of success captive not
successful after Christmas all you guys
know my guess is nice but I'm had gotten
Noah a Christmas present and so we're
gonna let him open day hunts for there
cuz he just he's bored of the same
things on it look he's so excited to see
you okay because we haven't open
presents Wow usual dances you can go
ahead and open this just 300 lovely
wrapping okay open it up
good job open it all the way I think I
know what it is
you did I think so you kind of feel it
you go in which I'm kind of happy that
he's doing this like I wanted to buy one
hmm and I didn't what is it Noah my
goodness no are you excited he's like
open it dad we get out of the box
hey Wow
it's like a youth size isn't it yeah Wow
say thank you today on you say thank you
say thank you oh yeah he wants to he
wants us to once you can carry it okay
ready
Kiku thank you today hon so happy he's
just gonna carry that round all day long
now awesome day huh bein that you're the
bat great friend you're great whatever
you want to call yourself to know they
all see my son know you got your own
football this is pretty sweet
okay sighs we're looking at two I know
the I love these guys one's good it's
just it's big enough to where he thinks
it's like boom a lot harder than other
ones you've been playing with heads I
hate your foot
what up look who just grazed this with
this present Christmas was the first
president haircut well that was
yesterday
no I took him to get one putting you on
the spot favorite memory of 2015 or
something that you've enjoyed getting my
own house
getting my very first place I thought
you guys a living by your favorite
siblings I mean that - obviously yeah
yeah yeah no definitely moving up here
it was probably like the coolest thing
investing what's happened so far this is
something new that I'm gonna do I'm
gonna randomly throw that upon people
cuz it's kind of cool to see all the
amazing things that happened in the past
year you know really realize that
realize it sometimes so it's just gonna
be cool to see accumulation of things
that people are happy about from 2015
we'll do this all the way until
beginning of 2016 right I feel like a
time goes by so quickly that you don't
really like stick to what like amazing
things happen so when you like really
sit down like think about it like like
totally crap you know like like in the
moment it was in the moment it was
stressful and then you look back you're
like holy cow we did a lot in 2015 yeah
yeah what did you guys do yeah
oh my goodness no just did a somersault
a legit
real something try again no try
what oh good okay let's see two summers
don't know what let's see Oh Oh almost
all the way all the way all the way you
almost had it
first ever summer selfie ready stand up
leave for roll yeah sure tail go for it
okay you're good what
oh he can he can roll the bridge I can't
even do that you want some dessert you
want some chocolate oh you see he was
like you just sitting here okay like if
you let me change a diaper I'll give you
a chocolate in order to get it you daddy
a hug give me a hug give mommy a hug get
the mummy egg give me a kiss give me a
kiss give mommy a kiss
thank you daddy kiss thank you
sometimes you just have to bribe them
okay what you want okay my stockings are
almost complete if Sam's his is green
and gray and white and then a Bluto dark
blue and then mine and no was I stuff to
do the top so there's gonna be a yellow
thing here and red blue and um I don't
think they're perfect I don't know if I
stitched him up correctly but I kind of
just guessed on that Sam's one of them I
accidentally made longer than the other
oops what source know about that but I
still stitch them together so it's kind
of a clunky tow but it's better than
it's longer in the front in the back
yeah well there's gonna be something
covering it completely anyway so it
doesn't matter so now I don't know with
that I'm gonna do the top border Brin
part tomorrow or some things during nap
time maybe
no nap time something the cleaning time
I don't know when before Christmas I'll
get the top color done
used to make home videos and we played
guest rose and we would film it for some
reason like we'd be playing a game we'd
be in yeah
my family's made blogs since I was born
yeah now our family we play guest years
where you have to like act things out
and then everyone guests huh my sister
she was like five years old and in one
of the clips she walks by what people
are guessing and she just is like
so only my family will understand this
Courtney yeah that's fine you guys will
too it's so funny anyway we have a bunch
to clean up tomorrow mostly just
vacuuming and stuff
oh and Sam's gonna clean up all of his
clothes tonight I don't want any clothes
hidden in bins want them all hung up and
a previous vlog when we started vlogging
early days I did the same thing it's
like people they think that people
change after five years but something
see there's just no changing and add
code to accept and love Sam besides the
fact that he hoards clothes in many
places in our bedroom
be really funny if I open up this either
clothes up there sometimes I find like
there's like shirt - no we cleaned it
recently yeah but if we were to go into
our closet there's usually a pile of
clothes on the ground in the closet the
whole like dresser stuffed with clothes
and then there's bins of clothes in our
actual room he says he's a shirt order
but I love him aren't ya
okay we're gonna get ready and go to bed
but I'm actually pretty proud of this
I'm very proud Sam's eye I finished this
tonight I did a whole side and Courtney
Sam sister his and her sister just
texted me was like how are is that
stocking banner I want to make one
before Christmas like just read it over
and if you can't if you understand that
just wait until we're all together and
we'll help you make one it took me a
couple tries um Courtney I was hoping to
have like a crack for the end of the
video also it was the snow like all
night and it's where
and of course there's nothing I really
wants no guys pretty awesome huh I'll be
good
you better believe it don't be a twit
I'm gonna be girl you bad understood
I'll be happy I'm gonna be good let's go
you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy be good you dad
