Gabi says can you tell us a name you
thought about but aren't going to name
your baby girl pishella know what yes
that is a name that jen has brought up
since we got ok I have not but I did not
bring that name up with Noah
yes you love me son
let it snow let it snow let it snow
except you really haven't gotten any
really really really really good stuff I
can't remember the last time you read a
really really really really good snow
everywhere except Logan has a new job
everywhere it was just funny cause last
year when we were in Salt Lake we got
zero snow well Logan gets me but Logan
got seven this year Logan gets this one
else know like it's all of us now
although there's snow on the ground I
mean we're talking about like a let's
make oh my god like hot chocolate and
watch every single blow the Rings movie
right I had that yet although it's
supposed to snow the next couple days
straight is what my weather has
continually told me right when we need
people to be traveling safely right I
just want everyone to have snow for
Christmas I want a white Christmas so
bad jen has never had a white Christmas
no one my family is no one in Jen's
family except for her husband has had a
fight Christmas so I meant like my
siblings anyway we're it's Sunday and
we're on a little family drive my gonna
winter yeah my dad would always make us
go on family drives on Sunday
and we'd end up just turning around
going home for their spot half the time
but you know I'm here we come to
appreciate those family drives not
unlike this one Sunday we used to go for
walks right like go to campus or
somewhere and walk around but it's cool
that time yeah so go for drives for a
drive hey
his face hi he's a high well you wonder
first while you ride together with you
your assistant director
we're decides just drive around
neighborhood this and Sam has picked a
different voice for every song that's
for sure this is josh groban voice isn't
it do you just go would come on I'll try
to catch you oh wow the salmon decides
to put their christmas tree on the
outside you think they go outside for
christmas and sit on that table cool I
don't know maybe open their present
outside no maybe they just have two
trees haha get though we love looking at
night this whole street is like
streaming lights it's strung with lights
from with lights it looks like Santa's
waving at us you know Santa Santa but it
goes on like every few feet there's 0 at
the bright light another strand of
lights
it's so cute love it
feedback
right now we're catching snowflakes from
the sky into our mouths yeah I know dude
it's pretty cool huh it's pretty cool
Noah Wow yeah what do you think of all
the snow pretty awesome huh we're gonna
go and try and scare David although I
don't think won't be able to do it
although if we are successful they
really fun let's go let's go come on
come on
hey we got to hit the door knock on the
door know what are you scared I was in
the bathroom when I was like who is it I
was like hey you're real slowly what is
going on Wearside to scare you for the
dog word may only one home yeah you look
at the door and you can't seen you see
people every was duckin hahaha weird oh
don't ever do that again no blow dart
gun above your Wow yeah you a unit a
cabin in the woods unless you got that
they've been doing today freakin we left
we cooked crock pot they had like last
week and we left we've got to clean it
and so a little nasty in black and gross
and so I've been washing it how's that
lettuce are you an herbivore or
carnivores or an omnivore a nom nom nom
nom nom de Bourgh hmmm i am not touching
that hand no way Jose
yep oh my god oh gosh he's really good
what do you have to say I want you to
say about that ever never oh my gosh
defar oh my goodness I don't know what
the best hilary duff woman is babe oh
yeah let cousins
yo your old tool because of the fuzzy
like this song I do we have like a cameo
of a motorola flip phone that is no to
end today's get a one-take guess yeah I
think we're doing a quick mini QA first
question we're doing five questions I
tweeted on I said hey we're gonna do
five questions here it is first question
is from Harley she says who do you think
your baby girl will look like more you
Jen or Noah I think she didn't look like
Noah I think she's gonna look like gin
which means she would know like noah
shannon read asks all-time favorite
movie but i'm gonna change it sorry chin
and i'm editing your question all-time
favorite Christmas movie all-time
favorite Christmas movie Oh Grinch Polar
Express range fortress or I'm gonna say
then white Christmas yeah you would say
that no just that you said you like
Santa Claus too I like Santa Claus to
say my christmas cuz the family favorite
elf alone Santa Claus um every rule 34
be kidding me Santa Claus Kim asks if
you guys could be any fictional
character from a movie TV show book who
would you be oh hi I'm Lydia harry
potter yeah since our colony in Harry
Potter who though I don't know Hermione
though he wouldn't be together no I
would be moaning work Jenny moaning
myrtle Gabby says can you tell us a name
you thought about but aren't going to
name your baby girl pishella know what
yes that is a name that jen has brought
up since we got me okay I have not but I
did not bring that name up with Noah
well of course cuz known as a boy yo
what's your name fella named that were
not amused yeah that means brought up
probably Mabel okay yeah
navel but if you are Mabel and Sam flies
over the last time for no but we're not
mean by W named Zoe but that's okay fine
Zoe yeah no II am able we love Zoe's and
Mabel's right okay last question is from
Skylar and I saw this kind of mentioned
in other questions are you going to move
to a bigger house before the new baby
comes good question i would be very
crazy would be the month before heck
which is possible but i'd say it's a
possibility fifty fifty forty five fifty
forty percent chance that happens more
chance that it does yeah but i'm just
thinking about the time it happened with
Noah yeah when we moved right before no
and it was really hard our place
downstairs it's kinda like kind of small
upstairs is big it's a lot bigger than
downstairs we have two bedrooms a
completely empty bedroom plus our
bedroom is very big so we have enough
space for everything or a family of four
but of course we definitely want more
downstairs space because we want a more
play area for know right I would be nice
to have a playroom so we'll see within
two years for sure yeah right yeah oh
yeah thus ends the mini QA and I've
realized we've only done one official
question answer now the long time ago we
kind of did a periscope one hour one
that we really did was before nose born
it was almost two years ago no it was
like seriously i think we had like a
thousand subscribers we should probably
do another one that's like bigger or I
think we'll just eat five questions
everyone's like that but just got a son
once a while yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this get a one-take Sunday yeah
uh you'll have a full blog tomorrow of
some lube really comes tomorrow to
happenings but in the vlog the family
doesn't complain right but the only does
come tomorrow and Tuesday yes we're
excited it's gonna sleek if you're
traveling somewhere for the holidays be
safe and see us tomorrow peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood tennis
currently finishing stocking
procrastinator we are in go time Jen the
nadir or is that crochet yang gender
netting neither can she knitted yeah she
can
