good morning sweet look my name is hey
I'm from billion budget and you are
watching seneca blocks peace good
morning everyone it's Thursday and I'm
treating myself to an early Christmas
present of getting my hair done oh thank
you oh you sure oh he wants to give us a
car so salmon know we're gonna go drop
me off because uh same what's good out
with Noah while I'm gone cuz might be an
hour so I'm really excited maybe like
dark brown I mean warmer I just go so
mousing bro so Sam's kind enough to
watch noah and son I mean just tell let
me I have a pre-christmas Christmas gift
to myself let me go
look at you too drastic but it's darker
hard to see on the cam right now i'll
let you should i'm driving it is quite a
darker I really like it looks totally
natural if you like it yeah looks pretty
healthy I really yeah she was really
nice to you guys looking for a place in
logan chicon we have a handcuffing I
finally have a hair stylist it's retain
taken six years to find them i like but
she was so nice and it was not like
expensive really the last one the
highlights were a hundred dollar mistake
really yes oh my god this was only 75
for colors i actually liked and I really
like her ciao we spend that much on
what's on your nose oh my goodness look
at I really like it she was really nice
too I'll look better with a some makeup
on as well haha thanks man hey may
Christmas to me but you deserve it hey
do your hair done that's why we go once
a year looks good hi unka ones here this
time I had to go twice here cuz of the
first boob it's very pretty Thanks I
like it it'll look better with once i
have some makeup on Reza fight yeah
everyone so Dan's right excited about
these sneakers they're fake it worthy
actually they're not but let's act like
they're faking it for a couple days
logins ate those are they open another
media Bosco I'm cigar my hair but Paula
Bosco and tell them i love you oh ho j
gen couldn't be easier
I bet haha it's like Christmas early
steak and coffee smell like an all girls
are actual coffee I feel papi you smell
like daycare gotta be oh you smell like
dealership coffee and can't notice my
god come on Ron are no fun ah i will
tell out your hand even fish Aaron come
on open it already ready 8 123 oh ok ok
ok there's two pairs of shoes in here
let's do the first upside down to the
first 10 side down these are the first
ones as you can tell legend blue black
better vnds um I guess in Australia
they're very like they're not is height
as America so these were very I got
these for a steal hello Don bottom man
what does that mean steal how come that
pair came in a google rocks oh oh
they're dirty now is our secret I can't
there's a big sea on the bar you ever
just wear them day lunch everyone where
it's later than you do not know that oh
yeah on its way she'll do this techno
the rest of the bottom like the way I
didn't think these were hard the rest of
the bottom doesn't seem that nice if you
want the phone unboxing go to date on
James channel Oh uncle poopy is a
babysitting Sam and I are going to see
Star Wars and Oh Noah thinks he's coming
to Uncle coupies gonna babysit for a
little bit
no you're staying here baby all day was
gonna put you nine nights but this goes
well it's gonna cry yeah but he'll be
fine once we're done you just hold him
no no phone gosh so good on their way oh
oh oh that's on camera got some food and
we're on our way no I thinks he's coming
with that hahaha everyone's don't mind
they look everyone's online hey hey
night later almost
I'm provide buying all these existed
like a pumpkin pie brandy we're
delicious please play
what are you grabbing for what elephant
seriously you wanted Jen you wanted to
grab look up it's not at the same time
don't ya okay we're extending our
day-night a little bit we're at the
grocery store and we don't have anything
for our white elephant cut or little
party that were having i think tomorrow
I don't know so we walk by this and
we're like oh oh I'll get the boxers you
can't say that cuz they'll then they'll
know oh yeah you'll have to see what we
get actually it's okay they won't watch
it before now no there's no way alright
this is what we're getting for one of
the white elephant gifts the guys will
actually probably wear those one of them
that gets it so I'm moving day on kazoos
actually wearing yeah he would exactly
that's why am i picturing dejan actually
I think well they got three rages Tyler
would never wear this oh my hey hun for
sure would when you're on a date night
and you're at a place with girls
clothing just gotta stop because this is
our future we were watching previous
through watching previews and it was
like junk the jungle book coming out in
April and I was like a baby girl that no
way we're dogs okay I think we need to
get this what's that just get one item
one item one item Merry Christmas baby
meter ducks wiener dogs because that's
what we had growing up Barney and Chloe
what did you think we just lost her we
just lashing out I just saw Star Wars I
got this shirt specifically for the
premiere of been wearing it over the
past couple months no school star wear
shirt that i got from H&M yes it is i
really wanted to get a chewbacca won
that they had there but i would like
that one i also decided on these socks
today i posted he's on now won't look
like Lego figures I know got Luke
Skywalker then Darth Vader kind of cool
right at first I thought Darth Vader was
holding 3d glasses Oh haven't like Julia
I'd say we're boy did good and then I
wish the toes on that one we're blue the
cool part is
if he had all the socks which would be
very expensive it forms like a little
puzzle oh I'm sure single interesting
anyway we just saw a movie and what did
you think I enjoyed it I feel like I
need to see the other ones cuz I was
like wait what we just got the first
three movies which are typically you
know four five and six but I person i
liked it i feel like you can still see
it without seeing the other ones i think
you would appreciate it and like it more
if you do see the other ones yeah in a
way I think the actors were great loved
Finn and the girl I don't know we don't
want to give any spoilers with right fit
that's how I spoiler though no we'll
talk more oh right rain so once I want
to save I know some of you guys are
waiting to see this I don't want to
spoil anything I was talking to Sam
wondering when the last video had come
out then I guess it's been 10 years 10
years does assume he's been that long
Bell oh yeah actually having UTA well
actually hasn't been two years since I
saw the red faced one that was in 1999
no I mean I actually really enjoyed it i
SAT there I was entertained hey I
thought it was fast paced I was like
this is some fun movie but there was
nothing super innovative to me and I
feel like there's a lot more does it no
desired right and I don't mean like they
set up the movie nice for the future
because i know there's two more movies
coming out but there's more of the story
that we wanted to know about that i just
don't feel like they developed fully i
think part of my problem is that i don't
watch a ton of movies i watch like
really good TV shows and with TV shows
they have hours and hours of character
development and so you really get to
know the story and then when you go and
see a movie it's just like bing bang
bang bang but there's just still I can't
go too in depth on things we'll talk
more about this I don't know what there
was only you guys to see it first being
like wow you know like you thought was
very predictable right it was super
predictable but it was good like the
acting was great the action was great as
I was very like parallel with every
other movie which people probably love
right but I was looking for a little bit
more
innovation to me the best way to
describe it star wars the force awakens
is like an iphone right it's great love
it it's amazing and they just don't but
there's like still more and for the
average consumer that like i love the
iphone it's super innovative but there's
just a little bit more than I want it
overall go see the movie yeah i would
recommend it to anyone to go see it
especially if you like Star Wars like
you won't be disappointed no no I wasn't
disappointed ah but I was just like oh
just think there's just a little bit you
know there's just a little more I wanted
to know which is good it leaves you like
one good no more now we're talking about
it it was fun with a fun date night it
was a good little date night beaphar
watching me David watch Noah did you
film day me when he was here I can't
hear a little clip oh it was so sad
because we I came running in you guys
saw that part and no it just always
knows when we're leaving I'm especially
leaving hands he does not really like
putting his coat on or even just his
boots like he kind of gives a hard time
foursome sometimes any comes running up
to me and he's like handing me his boot
he's like trying to put his jacket on
like covered with we didn't say we were
going anywhere so so sad he knew the
second I was putting my boot on he's
like Oh guy get my boots on mom's going
somewhere and it's nighttime so he like
really wants to go and it's good though
it was good it's good for him like he
only gave to the only fuss for like a
minute yeah and then they felt they fell
asleep on the couch in the neck fell
asleep in this chair then the rest is
history yeah but it's good for us to be
able to go out and it's good for Noah
and it's fun for David yeah isn't uncle
yeah and he changed his first diaper all
by okay so I'm proud times all around
tomorrow we're doing what elephant I
think we're even a little bit of gift
exchange there's a lot that we have kept
maybe secret and not because we're
hiding anything from you but we're
hiding things from the people that we're
having Christmas with I feel like part
of our days were like well I can't film
at oh I can't film at my hand I can't
film that oh I can't film that either
because it's go time yeah
not even like getting stocking stuffers
and presents and no Christmas stuff yeah
and I mean it's not like Noah's gonna
watch but our family members watch
including my parents some of my siblings
all of my siblings yeah all your
siblings are glugging and stuff and plus
some of the people were doing what
elephant and other gift exchanges for so
I haven't really included you guys in
that which kind of stinks because that's
been the majority of our days lately no
I'm just happy for Christmas to be here
so then some of these things have to be
a secret anymore all right we're gonna
watch an episode of Survivor get really
sleepy and go to bed we'll see you guys
tomorrow let me know II thought of Star
Wars and please no spoilers if you do a
spoiler I will like honestly I'll
probably block you like not like let you
come on the channel people were spoiling
survivor last night on my Instagram I
didn't see it but I just feel like it's
like come on come on guys a little
respect for people i haven't seen it yet
yeah right right okay and if i see
anything automatic delete band you're
gonna be bad so don't even try anyway it
just cuz you're the Grinch's you're
being mean the Grinch I'm Star Wars see
yes tomorrow peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood all
right you guys saw Star Wars do you like
it yeah loved it loved it I love JJ
Chris Brown's new album out go check it
out I like it Aaron loved it okay loved
it guys I hope I didn't sound as it like
a hater I don't remember what I said I
really loved it I just like talking i'm
enjoying we've just had a conversation
in Sam head we talk about it another day
because I don't want to spoil anything
yet all right visually great with the
best I was awesome visually practical
effects I love that they got we got away
from the special effect yeah I hated
that the ilm just garbage those good
sounds the lightsabers would have never
been so real it went back to the
originals in doing as many practical
effects as possible which made it very
like I hope this one was more lifelike
and believable it was honestly it was
like for sure it was like very relatable
this is the best way to put it if you
like I think yet if you liked any of the
first original three then you'll love
this yeah it's great nobody liked the
first recess fun I mean not like episode
one but yeah I'm saying like new hope
yeah four five six
yeah yeah that's cool I don't we'll talk
we'll go more in depth later anamorphic
when more people have seen the movie
overall i'm wearing stover sacks
