there are the Nuggets they just read the
Nuggets and they're like holy crap
I knew from so houses no look Aaron says
yes Jen what do you say if my mom was
here she'd be like no doubt Dagon can
know but mom good morning everyone it's
11:00 and look at a face of makeup line
and this kids dressed and we're ready to
go
well that's a little bright we are about
to head over to lunch with Tran and
Joanie and our buddy Braden or fizz is
me really delicious because we're going
to El Toro me of course once the window
we're gonna go bye-bye I'm gonna get in
the car though yeah just go under it
tastes kind of a busier day I've got a
doctor's appointment for just check the
heartbeat in things like that this
afternoon and then I've got to run some
errands with my little brother and then
oh and then tonight we are doing a Cub
Scout activities of caroling
that should be fun it's our first
activity being Cub masters so I mean
we'll see how everything goes what's
wrong gonna come say hi to everyone say
hi busy day that's how you say good
morning
we went around wave it around like down
you get the smoke out get the smoke out
cuz mom's burning the place down
wow you guys look like twins right now
well that was eventful I was oh yeah I
had a doctor's appointment today it's
been a little my next appointment is
already the glucose test which is kind
of crazy it's gone by really fast we put
that on there what the directions yeah
so we think that next time it should be
real fun oh that wasn't as bad as I
thought it would be last time so
hopefully it's not that bad
where's our smoke coming out of the oven
but make sure take them out now let's
take my baby figure out take them out
nervous oh and Sam house is survivor
buff on for the finale tonight three
hours to the finale okay I didn't even
do it all the time I'll think Oh golly
hot meatballs getcha meatballs oh gosh
not again wait the rack no with the rag
rag this is never for us before this is
never happened and we've had this
smokiness in our house before but I
guess it's a good thing now I know now
that our I was a little scared
Jenna and I are in Cub Scouts now and we
just went caroling to like a retirement
fund retirement home kind of place it
was pretty good but tonight in just a
moment after all the packing at trixin
is done and I get this vlog or
yesterday's vlog up we are gonna go
watch the three-hour survivor finale
I actually got Tyler a gift this year
for Christmas and it's only appropriate
that I give it to him tonight Wow
Merry Christmas oh you're gonna be this
early aren't you yeah I was but you
didn't just open it now yeah why now
this is appropriate
dude oh my gosh you ready yes I love you
for this
businesses are great yeah that's that's
so dream you vice-presidents pretty good
let's do it dude that cute oh my god
okay I was gonna use this color but I
thought that would be better cuz it's
like Bengals love words yeah yep have
you ever had one have you ever had one
no your survivor night it's survivor
night survivor night you can have like
two hours two hours what's happening
right now is statement said that he
could eat a hundred chicken nuggets and
a city teller said he would pay him $25
if he could then he said two hours the
first Tribal Council
I have an idea how about will buy the
Nuggets and then anything you don't eat
your pants back for well know that what
do I get out of it you get this many
McNuggets is not like each attorney
applause that is my favorite number no
looking what are the final terms
yeah should we just go buy me out of the
video and you and he's just trying to
make it okay Doug it's our 37 let's go
there are the Nuggets they just read the
Nuggets and they're like holy crap oh
how many one to sweet and sour sauce for
100 Nuggets that's like ten fifteen uh
get worth of sauce what are we doing
daehan's leaving because he's forgot his
camera at the store 40 more 40 I say
like tanners money I thought you in ten
would be funny we'll just say I made the
bet obviously I knew for us so tell us
is no look here and says yes Jen what do
you say big people throw everything
doesn't want that this is a lot of
Nuggets and I'll tell you something they
don't like it does not smell good over
here sometimes there's a lot of food
you're like oh it smells great that many
Nuggets most terrible shoes this is a
full Space Jam outfit I would take off
my clothes if I throw up no no they had
just said you have to be surprised at
how much I think this is 5,000 calories
over 5,000 so are you ready to see what
you're up against like legit anxiety I'm
not gonna throw up up kindled this out
don't do this to yourself
Tyler doesn't turns out I can keep a
hundred so this is my guess
go and change of course I got my team
squad no and for something like this who
challenges I don't like Chinese food
challenges think about that one of those
uh bag needles oh yeah I can eat like
three easy if you're gonna be sick you
have to barf outside far away from my
house 100 nugget I was just skating no
girls gonna like you anymore
I already called McKenna she says it's
fun if my mom was here she'd be like no
daddy honking I don't believe that you
can't you Han but you're gonna be sick
okay right now would you like yeah
should we call my mom no but mom
realistically noise you know I could hum
like like yep not that I shouldn't you
know you know I should but I could whose
idea was this wasn't me
Oh Jen's ringing the chopsticks yeah
here we go you have an hour and 37 can I
get us what water okay I did some in
water 200
oh I seriously day lines those you guys
don't understand like it's not a joke
okay good now can I still wanna go yeah
no papa
okay okay tell me I can do this I'm not
too mechanic I'll just say Dejan you can
do this and there's gonna give me
confidence to finish this no McKenna say
yes okay thank you
ready 100 mega challenge begins just an
hour and 32 gives my mouth when it's a
here the timer ready do you guys need it
well given prep you're good then you're
full huh pretty cool okay okay ready let
it hit your mouth and we're shutting
there we go and we're off yeah give me a
napkin I was taught cleansing this is a
child I have to go down Kibaki
he doesn't he's chugging him like
wasting a lot of time
I mean like dad said
come on guys
Dan's mom mama James he did not I did
not start this bet he said he would and
I just called him out on it
time card it's all your son's pride tell
him to stop running his mouth and on how
much Rudy stop popping those lips
started survivor survivor finale begins
right now
I want to go to the end with a day
rather than you feeling I think I'm
gonna 40-something I'm up okay we'll say
listen I counted wrong
don't throw up don't throw up I'm ten
don't throw up you're telling what Wow
okay 21 yeah 19 cuz I ate one I will
take 1900s actually we'll take about
going way too bad I mean now that looks
a little bit more manageable you gotta
keep me it's I think your black eye
power cool
sure reverse psychology keith is a
genius Oh
Dion's body is changing this is good
just goes to show you that McDonald's is
not something you guys should you know
often maybe ever but it's like affecting
his body right now in the moment how
much time's left how many do you have
left
you are the champion well there we have
it
dan gave up you need to pick it not give
up put those in a ziploc bag and save
them for lunch tomorrow because those
are not going to talk wow that's a lot
dude you suck like 40 I believe but the
ratio I believed that's 40s or $35 I
wouldn't feel good as a friend I
wouldn't feel good taking that money oh
great so he didn't even believe right
now I'm feeling kind of like I thought
you could do it I thought I could do
maybe a little over 50% of every maybe
that's a failing grade and I'm ready to
do it
I appreciate that back down he said that
he'd the need 10 or 15 more because you
don't wanna throw up and you want to
respect you
I'm Jeremy son sent an email to my
future self you thought being of the
finale yeah I send an email three hours
ago I can show you yeah I did not read
Instagram don't lie to you honey so I
think we're all happy with who won
survivor I was happy ciao you much now
Tyler is demonstrating how the women on
the show are able to wear it as a tube
top there's no way I could do that what
I'm wondering is if there's different
size buffs because that is a very small
bit so if I go on the show out partly
what you're all thinking but ladies he's
taking Tyler's a good 210 wet so all
right good times
time for bed don't eat fast food and
remember
their interview too soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood well we missed the
skirt portion
I got you through the dryer question
today we'd rather be on Survivor
basically this minute
