today's vlog is rather cluttered and
kind of all over the place so I will be
your tour guide starting off with a
quick trip to the library
Jenica was going to post her update
video today here is the much requested
belly shot so here it is with this shirt
it'll actually be up tomorrow as in the
Thursday there's a link to her channel
right there you can subscribe and you're
ready to get the video
he'll be up Karlie around early
afternoon let's go back to the library
you go down the slide hi Marcus anything
stuff your pants aren't very slippery
today there's this commercial that some
students made that and when I watched it
out of life and since I kind of cried
the other day I wanted Jen to cry next
if you want to watch the commercial that
I'm showing her it's actually in the
description as well we have found new
love it is airplanes well you've always
loved airplanes in the sky but today
when you went to the library you saw him
didn't you you excited to watch planes
oh are you excited he just got so
excited I know you're in the movie and
he was like yeah let's go you ready what
does an airplane to you show me your
airplane yeah there's one on the TV how
are you ready to watch
I might have to email that idea it's a
Santa so he's aware of how much no it
likes airplanes yeah look at that it's
beautiful if you guys have been watching
their blogs for a long time you know
that we have some good friends that move
here we both had babies a couple weeks
apart Noah and vada and they got to see
each other again today which is pretty
cool because the head she's never you
know is being kind of sassy is is pretty
cute funny though then gender sister
because we're actually gonna have
everyone here in less than hour
guys look I'm skyping my sister and my
mom we're having a rapping party we're
wrapping presents currently and my
sister is no well if she ever finds her
oh there's her camera weld escape from
the side there we go
hi I can't wait for you to be here let's
just count down the days how many days
less than a week no exactly a week for
you rage right I was itching my nose
they were really excited and I forgot
some presents wrapped all the way
freaking bought the most cheap crappiest
wrapping paper ever and it sucks do it
guys bite the bull and get the six
dollar stuff because I bought the 97
cents stuff and it's it's 97 cents it's
just like worst paper ever that's been
having
and we're gonna do videos together when
you come yeah yeah we can do that or we
can do our they're not our arms
challenge when do each other's makeup
with each other's arms like I do your
makeup with my arms through you maybe
yeah I don't know go check out my
channel my friend fizz is in town
because his sister's getting married
this weekend and when old friends are in
town that you haven't seen for a while
pretty much all you do is talk about all
the good times you had together
Sam has returned from all night many
hours after budget fizz fizzle everyone
this is this how long have you guys
known each other this is daily dish with
fizz it's a question how many years was
playing at his house on a play mat of
like a city hey I just got one this for
now I like 10 17 years Wow a long time
we met for our college know each other
for 20 21
actually you're friends then you knew of
each other how would your baptism yeah
what's the craziest thing you guys have
done together they've done some pretty
crazy things
because there's something on your mind
what's your what I think about when we
went to a Bulls game remember it was and
we ended up and I honestly cago and we
were dressed up is you know like in our
bowls dearly crazy this could also be
dumbest yeah and just we fall into a
part we pulled him to get gaps ran out
of gas in downtown Chicago Southside
there were cars that are driving up and
like I was looking at see what's what's
the dumbest thing fiza's ever done just
we find a lady for Halloween yes sir
right that the picture-in-picture every
single lady fitting fiddle bush is up
there do you think I use your footage
it's just the tap dancing he wore tap
dance shoes on their tummy on YouTube
I've never seen Aisha privatised Oh
couldn't you own private it oh I really
want to make myself look better
oh but it's so good it's good but then I
pick it if I can go do that that's black
right now I control a black well can ya
okay well one day maybe we can trim a
clip I was gonna say like what were you
thinking the cup yeah we don't want to
encourage school and you guys are
playing Assassin's whatever that game
probably it was assassin so there's a
game at our school
this is incredible it's called assassins
if you guys do this at your school let
me know my friend set up a website you
log in and you get someone that you need
to assassinate how you assassinate them
is just getting them wet with water
there are special rules like you can get
them wet and certain locations homes
although some people's houses like
school there's certain certain safe
zones mm-hmm once you assassinated that
person they got a new person you would
submit it in and then you would be
texted the next person you needed
assassinating this could be anyone in
your whole entire school class we have
how many kids do you think Valley and if
you want to cut our class but I bet
there's like a hundred in assassin
remember a lot and even got to the point
where I had one of my best friends and
he's like dude I don't want to go like
four days without talking to you just
come over and I thought it was like a
setup like someone's gonna get me but he
like got down on his knees I'm just like
let me pour water like I do you remember
in our house like the bushes and stuff
my mom's like there's a man in our
captioner oh my I got taken place I
thought it was a standoff like kyle is
one Mikey did like kid named Kyle Wolfe
we had a kid break into who knew how to
break into cars like he had all the
stuff and I hid in his car for like
three hours after school it was hot as
summer oh my god Bernie and the kid had
someone else come get his car drive home
oh wow insane anyways the craziest
moment was involved in that and I just
don't okay we didn't get in Java you
guys were reckless teens we're good
but that game was awesome and I hidden
someone's truck bed remember that kid
worked at Target popped up role and then
yeah you got a certain amount of time
that you had to get someone in the kid
hidden in his house flight a whole
weekend what I could get anyone but that
would the rules women I don't like the
rules shouldn't modified Fizz have you
since put reckless va's into the
treasure chest under your bed and are
you are you business has been around for
long time do you guys pull out the
reckless nessa
any any more oh good
when all of you together you get a
little bit more silly stupid puzzle
thank you for this daily dish that's it
that's it for today's vlog make sure you
guys check out Jenn's channel which
tomorrow we'll have a new video up I
helped to film it I just hit record and
then I ran up
she didn't mean to be around she's super
cute we'll see you guys tomorrow
nice it's cold of course it's snowing
right now but doesn't feel like freezing
you try see the snow off yeah it's
really funny I'm gonna be good
get that understood I might have changed
your gloves gonna be good cold hand
rattle believe it
