well I'm so I'm like no it wasn't
positive this is the baby's name really
yeah really yeah if I make this shot
baby name we have selected so far is the
baby named swish was that really yeah
are you serious yeah what did that
really just go ahead yeah we might have
a baby name based off of that shot
No yeah is there snow out there
good morning everyone we woke up to a
winter wonderland
didn't we not as much snow as I was
expecting to get the forecast of there's
snow that was this the snow last night
but I just never believed it see
weather-wise because half the time I
feel like it's wrong but it snow last
night
okay I'll pull it up know something till
night again we're going on week two of
sleeping in till 9:00 and I'm just like
what is life right now like is this
normal
shouldn't my until 9:00 every day wants
a juice box of course Hema we have some
cereal first thank you know it's been
all about thing with dad when he works
but no just has to sit with whoever
sitting at the computer and so now I say
mobility yeah hey well now the Panda hat
look at this a zero likes zero comments
Joe just posted two seconds ago same how
they're brilliant yep just putting Noah
in his highchair huh
it's really cute yes yeah you like
watching your own blogs don't you
today's Christmas cards the lovely and
beautiful Miller family isn't that
awesome
that's an awesome picture there oh there
is so cool it got my cousin's you've got
some more cousins cute like this she's
more cousins
you think likes us being photographers
Oh a my foot you don't well we need
three more kids to do that I basically
begged him to put a snow gear on and
come outside
he hates putting it snow pants on those
like come on there's so much snow it'll
be so fun and I was just checking his
truck into the snow otherwise need to
somehow get his waterproof gloves on he
only likes the dang orange ones though
and they're only mittens but hey at
least we're outside and it's not too
cold it's cold of course it's snowing
right now it doesn't feel like freezing
he tries to seat the snow off of his
hands and feet it's really funny want
some waterproof gloves Bubba what some
waterproof gloves I might have to change
your gloves so you don't get cold hands
I just really hope this snow lasts for
Christmas I want my family almost all to
have a white Christmas none of us have
ever had a white Christmas would be
really fun if this year we did these
guys are having fun I haven't fund this
no whoa we got you a vlogging camera for
your birthday and never actually it
really record stuff the camera we got
you records real stuff and takes real
pictures okay you gotta go find it
likes it very much I think I need some
snow pants hey who's that we're going to
see the snow let know a real snowman
don't ruin the snowman and look another
one she gonna make one by our house okay
let's go
no it always copies tale but he doesn't
like the snow in his face okay up you go
he's good telling his very own chocolate
chip cookie homemade by Patricia hey all
right
shop for Wrestle Mania 2015 let's go
let's go
I would give a dollar to anyone that can
tackle me with the tackle Sam you're
crazy
I just finished applying for new health
care which kind of feels like gambling
on your own life because it really does
like selecting the plans and stuff had
to be very strategic and smart like
you're pregnant
all I'm saying is I'm just grateful that
I have Sam to do all of that for me it
was my thrill for the week a lot of fun
real fun real fun stuff I realize that
we haven't really been talking about
your belly or being pregnant or anything
like oh I just I just forget because I
see myself in the videos I'm like wow I
look big and so when people are like is
she not pregnant where I'm like how can
you not tell it's like I've got legit
like well it's also late and I've eaten
a lot tonight it's starting to pop out
and I'm starting to get the line again
I'm definitely I mean I'm definitely
pregnant or I'm just
chubby I honestly like when we go places
like obviously right now Mike you're
pregnant
yeah people are like oh my gosh
officials pregnant winter I wear
sweatshirts and coats every day and
long-sleeve shirts and stuff sure I
suppose when we're out mm-hmm we talked
and we decided that since it's about to
get pretty busy with company family
coming we're gonna record a little
update for Jen's channel yeah tomorrow
it's not gonna be up when you're
watching this but probably in a day I
can do some good video with my sister on
she's here maybe yeah so you've been
talking about that oh you guys well I
know
rachel has a couple minutes that she
wants to do for her channel yesyesyes
you can film a couple videos together so
I'll put a link to Jenn's channel right
here you can go check it out make sure
you're ready yeah one video it's hard
it's all about like having the habit and
like just being in the rhythm cuz like
we post a video here every single day
practically so that's easy it's more my
just feel bad make giving Sam more work
now we can do it we can do it we can do
it we're in it we'll try for you guys
got it we'll do a name the deal on my
channel are we really gonna tell you all
the name no probably not
I don't know it's we're closer now than
we've ever been before
yeah like I even have nicknames for the
name that we like right but we're not
100% positive well I'm positive this is
the baby's name really yeah really yeah
that positive yeah high eighties okay if
I make this shot baby name you have
selected so far is the baby okay I get
three chances
here's chance number two ready it's the
only thing that I've repeated my head
that like fits well yeah and I have like
a good little nickname already yeah okay
chance three really yeah are you serious
what that really just go ahead yeah we
might have a baby name based off of that
shot but I feel by telling you guys that
because then you'll want us to like
review it and I don't know if we will
until the baby's born
it might be fun though this time that
makes it okay maybe we'll see think the
last time we just weren't sure what
honestly were like at this point with
Noah I had no clue I really didn't I
don't know if we've ever said in any
girl names but the name we are thinking
of we have never mentioned right before
so right and when it wasn't on our list
for now yeah we didn't make it up or
anything it's just it's a normal name
yeah so if you have any idea
you can guess if ten people guess it
well you guys know okay anyways we had a
fun day today it's snowed I think it
might still be snowing ooh it is still
snowing yes I see oh my gosh isn't that
magical there's something magical about
snow like animation and CGI is so real
now that almost looks like it's CGI yeah
guys actually put that in it's not
really snowing any six inches I might
say I'd say two to four look at that
snow so fluffy it's kind of cold so
tomorrow we will film that also if you
have any suggestions for challenges to
do with Jen siblings while they're here
that you might think would be fun Jen
and her sister or her brothers or
whoever let us know and we'll do that as
well because we're gonna have a couple
nights and I know sometimes we're like
hey what should we do should watch a
movie and you can never agree in a movie
so it'd be cool to kind of film
something like that as well we're gonna
go watch Survivor we are watching the
old episodes on Amazon if you have
Amazon Prime all the episodes or most of
them past episodes of Survivor are free
to watch which is deadly but amazing
we're gonna watch an episode and go to
bed
we'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understand if I kick this ball
in the middle name shall be Wyndemere
Jenica Junior Jenica Junior oh well okay
that's not happening
