all right today this morning all
afternoon I guess we're gonna head to
the doctor to get this little one
checked out just for in case because
she's so crackly I can like feel it
through her through her like skin and I
just don't wanna I just wanna make sure
it's nothing
bronchitis bronchitis nothing like I
thought make sure she doesn't mean I
know biotic cuz if he does I want get
that going quick and hopefully she'll
actually take it if she does need one
hopefully she doesn't fingers crossed
and that she's on the mend I think she
is today's the best day she's felt she's
looking and acting more like herself
today today but she's still she's
waiting
but she still has spurts of like she
just wants to lay on my shoulder and
cuddle and just lay down so we just want
to check her out make sure she's okay
Hospice make sure you're okay she's
really excited to get in the house
though she keeps saying let's go go go
go and point to the door wanna get her
sweatshirt on and get going so she's
happy to see the Sun like we'll try to
go on a walk later or something I just
feel bad cuz whenever she does go
outside she just wants to go to the park
and play and run around and that psych
not good for her chest cold so whatever
she has I don't think that would be good
so I've been keeping her inside for days
and she's just she's done she wants to
go do stuff and I just feel backs I'm
not letting her but with good reason
so we her checked out no one's still
coughing - but his just sounds like
normal cold cough that will eventually
go away hers just sounds like it's like
stuck there so let's go check it out hey
did we do scare the doctor did she
listen to your ears what else what else
did she listen to breathe yeah in their
ears did she look in your mouth yeah she
listened to your heart yeah was that
cool she was actually really good I
thought she wouldn't like her but the
doctor lady was very nice and PG was
very cooperative which was great she
didn't say if she had anything one way
or the other I'm pretty sure PJ just had
like you know the cold a cold common
cold last week and now she just has a
lot of gunk so she was like you're right
she has a lot of gunk in there so she
wants to put her on antibiotic to get it
all out faster then we take cuz she said
she has a lot in there so I'm glad that
I brought her I'm glad that I was
listening so I was like oh pj like she
was listening to her and like would like
push on her chest and she drew big like
it was like so much like it just sounds
so raspy and like crackly in her chest
so i'm glad i'm glad we went to the
doctor and now hopefully she'll take a
nap she fell asleep for literally two
minutes on the drive here it was like PJ
wake up wake up wake up it's no more I
thought she's dead like a little bit of
energy wasn't gonna go too bad but I
think she woke she's still
trying to stall on the mend so I'm gonna
put her for a nap and then go pick up
her antibiotic and then hopefully we get
these sicknesses done with hey where are
we going a little date do you know what
after we get this is medicine what you
get in there
so much stuff
I got Wow oh yeah you got too much
probably gonna be
I love you I love you
Oh 61 degrees which it feels like it's
like 50 windy all I can think about is
my cousin cycling today hopefully they
got that ride in already cuz it was a
little warmer earlier the windchill I
feel like it's making it real cold he
came here for good weather and good
Wratten
he got a little uh whoa I've got some of
the elements of the weather I'm gonna
enjoy this cold weather because it
doesn't get cold here and it's been cold
two weeks in a row so it's kind of nice
I was like how's your day okay
would you uh yes would you guys talk
about
he said he ate so much Kosar how'd it go
it was super awesome children my kids
are currently writing things pretending
they're horses did Diane Diane like her
I thought I'm talking about you taking
her to meet the parents
oh good morning everybody the page and I
are out getting some fresh air for this
is a ragamuffin she's starting to feel
more herself but uh still coughing up a
lung basically she's just has so much
gunk in her for a little chest
so I started antibiotics yesterday
today will be our second day it was
there's a good she took it shooting well
we've had a forced her to take it
only because she hates medicine so much
especially if it's liquid she just
thinks it all tastes nasty even though
this one like smells like literally like
candy um so can I hide like squirt it in
the back of her throat and make sure
she's all good
what's like the tiniest amount so it's
not like it's not bad so I think she'll
be okay and we'll get through it
but she's definitely feeling more
herself and doesn't have like terrible
sick eyes anymore
are you feeling better he yeah she just
goes sweet and sour real quick so we're
skipping Park Day this time cuz we
almost have to go through that Noah soon
so I was like let's just go for a little
walk get some fresh air play with our
little flier things without I don't even
know if these are little rocket things
to chase him I have a good watching her
run good job I got it
and this is how I know she's still not
one unto present she only wanted to
chase it twice you want to open it or
close it open it also guys I'm
officially 25 weeks Perego which is just
crazy to think that I'm like so far now
the baby is larger than the length of a
cantaloupe
larger because the cantaloupes for 24
weeks my app is still set with my
original due date so it says I'm 24
weeks but if I go by 25 weeks it's
bigger than that so which is kind of
crazy
I feel him moving all the time
especially when I sit down which was
just like siblings they say like when
you're like walking around you up for
the baby as much because you're kind of
like holding the baby to sleep a little
bit while you like walk which is why
babies like to be bounced and walked
around with their fancy I think anyway
yeah it's kind of crazy 25 weeks feeling
good feeling like I'm feeling this week
is the first week I'm feeling like kind
of big like I was getting in the shower
I was like well that's a bus a pregnant
belly right there
I'm not feeling good I haven't had to
nap every day which is great if I do nap
it's just a bonus now no crazy no I
guess I'm having some craving still like
I still just want cactus cooler I want
to drink it all day long but I only
allow myself one a day and sometimes I
just don't drink it at all yeah baby's
moving I'm starting to feel the baby
higher now he's moving like up here when
I'm laying down instead of just like so
low in my pelvis I'm gonna go home okay
what else I still wanna I still have
citrus all things citrus like oranges
through smoothies I still want like
treats and stuff we left some balls um
well yeah when I was pregnant with Noah
and PJ and we were in Logan and we lived
so close to Sonic not even that close
I feel like babe I need a milkshake he'd
run a song that get himself a drink or a
snack or something getting me a little
kids they hit the big the kiddy
milkshakes there you go and I love those
have not had one but I have had ice
cream I'm more than a few nights we
never used to buy like okay gosh Samson
put you out back to Cedar Suites I just
don't like cookies or sweets so we
didn't really buy ice from a ton it's
like last year or really before we just
bought like otter pops for the kids and
stuff the Sam has been buying Bluebell
and it's so freakin good
no you guys stop buying this because I'm
eating it what's really good so that's
like so only not anything I really been
eating
besides the soda well that I didn't when
I saw but I wasn't expecting it to which
is why we didn't go to the park because
I would have wanted to stay and chat
with all my friends and PG we've been
like let's go
so we also heard of my 25 week update we
have not prepped anything baby related
like I'm pretty sure at this point I was
like starting to like get things ready
with both pregnancies before not your
mouth says that's it keys she's food
sticks in her mouth right now yeah like
I have a lot of friends who are you
washing clothes and
giving nurseries together and I I just
haven't done anything I haven't like
felt ready to do any of it I've just
been you know I'm still I think once I
get my third trimester though I'm gonna
need to do it but yeah I don't I'm just
like dreading going through all of
Noah's stuff I'm so grateful without
like I have all the clothes I need
especially because they're like born the
same month so literally all of those
clothes will work for this baby which is
just you're still I think it's just
still hasn't hit me really that we're
having another baby she's just laying
there on the pillow
poor kid um yeah I need to do that
eventually we gotta get I don't know I
guess I just haven't set up very much
because I know the baby's not gonna be
in his room for a while which is the
room PJ was in Sam doesn't want to buy
another crib but I was planning on just
buying another crib so I think we're
just gonna wait because he thinks PJ's
teacher could be ready like next year
sometime I just don't want to do what we
did to know what and take him away too
soon I'm just not ready for her to be
climbing out especially yeah with like
the new baby and I don't know we'll see
what happens
she does love to come into Noah's bed
though she could be great because she
does she loves to climb to know his bed
and like sleep and pretend to sleep
there I know that's just like her
playing around and I don't know if she'd
actually sleep at night but we'll see we
have a bed for her so are you doing so
Taylor sent me a tweet on Twitter that
there is like kids competition today for
youth kids baseball I think it's like a
homerun thing and that there was a rumor
that possibly there could be some Cubs
players here at Sloane Park
so I told Noah and he was super stoked
as soon as we got the car he's like hey
I think I'm gonna take a nap on the
drive well you guys here I'm sorry so
we're just gonna go check it out see if
we can even get in because we're not
register or anything I think it's free I
think you can just go in I'm not sure
we'll go check it out I gotta wake this
guy up in the very least it will be fun
watching a couple hit kids hit some
balls especially cuz Noah has run a
little bit interest in that so this is
our first time in Sloane and park
you're waking out what do you think cool
a little out of it like I said there's
like seven and up kids they're doing a
home run derby thing for them I'll be
eventually the winners will go on to
all-star game and stuff to play there to
another dirty or something we're just
kind of taking it in first time in the
park it's a little chilly 60 degrees
this kids wearing three shirts and a
sweatshirt possibly got them but 11
we're sticking
that's a cool yeah guys the cool thing
about this park is like every single
seat is incredible so I can't wait to go
to some games we're actually gonna be
sitting up here front row I think on
Friday so Friday is that the first game
we're going to beautiful perk being to
come with me
my mom so one of the players that's here
today is this catcher that's actually
really really funny I gotta show you
guys a video of him he always finds the
camera like it he's almost finding me
right now
you're just too good to be true we were
all so excited to see Clark here
definitely got to meet him at a spring
training game he's running around Noah
said he just did something what did he
just do did he still is that that's
really funny
doing a meet Clark this year cool you
get a picture of them or something maybe
not tonight but
yeah already dark more to were too
little and too old to be on the field
but soon guys soon can be at least seven
me I'm too old
yeah we're pumped we are pumped for this
season of spring training would you call
this season I guess so yeah that's where
the drinks are gonna be we just took a
picture of Noah in front of the sign
so let's go let's go get some hot dogs
and then go home yeah and I saw your
face now I'm a believer okay dad a
moment
oh don't be that that's gross oh my god
freaking just lotion all over you
I just shot out at myself we're back
home Jenna had an activity tonight at
the church and no one I met up with her
there came home but the kids to bed as
you guys saw just a snippet of that
hoping that the medicine helps PJ glad
that it wasn't anything too serious but
the temperature has dropped pretty cold
there's actually kind of at the closest
it's been all year now we just need
these kids healthy hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog we will see you guys with a
congratulations
what what
