look who's in the house ap is in the
house
look who's enough ATP's and a half we
had Andrews right out yesterday Sam talk
to you in the morning
so hey guru come out and help us film a
video a brand deal and he said yeah so
it was about last night and is helping
us film video project action and go that
works yeah that works
it's funny to go up you kinda let me see
you oh minion are you a minion today
know what you're good to see who I am in
a little bit that's kind of fun it's
really fun video really excited and
we're so grateful I'll give all to all
of you for supporting all for our videos
or separate connect not separate our
like next what was a great book review
for supporting our content and our brand
deals thank you guys so much
a little tiny house everyone tried to
keep my mustache on because I'm sweating
I've had to do a lot of dancing and
extra takes so it's getting kind of hot
yeah what up minions you're running
you're running so funny
what's it say over here though thunk on
the street and who are you I am Oh
moments later mom club mom Club now we
do somebody's work here with another
baby
well those pillows are cute oh those
blankets are really cute
there's Erica everyone there's no one's
seen my friend Erica I just keep talking
about Erica this is Erica now we're
actually recording for the new baby but
also I'll show later the hall the hob
such cute stuff found a wreath jump and
they're so pretty and I might have
gotten myself a dress there's so many
cute shops these two are obsessed with
HQ trivia no never just dancing oh
they're all dancing all those new dances
from away know who's live her she's live
right now
yeah yeah no I think he's questioned we
have our own baby to keep it was under
life be gentle please be gentle give her
a kiss on her head okay okay
I have 13 extra lives 13 so you can't
play much of life transfer it to no
vlogmas day 1 we started off with the
live stream cuz it's been quite hectic
Jen's been helping out get ready for the
party
never went to tomorrow and we had
something that we had to get done in a
very short amount of time not because of
poor planning but just because it was
like whoa hey can you guys do this right
like hey yeah we can do it but you guys
kind of saw we did a live stream 15
minutes you guys saw the story not
clickbait right yep and we started
santa's 12 days of christmas and you're
gonna you're gonna fix something
politically things for you to send
people all right nobody hurt pieces yeah
I don't know one of the people that won
one of the gift cards is pregnant
expecting 20 weeks pregnant and they
just damned me because I asked for an
address to send it to and they said that
when we were pregnant with Noah
they were sneaky and found our baby
registry and bought Jen a swaddle that
was she said so it's kind of crazy like
how it comes full circle now four years
later I'm giving back to this person who
was sneaky and got us that we didn't
even know actually happened so that's
kind of cool
so I forgot to explain if you didn't see
the live stream I want to give 12 things
away that I like and Jen's gonna join me
on Instagram Super NES classic baby easy
some Legos that we unboxed and should
you guys in the livestream as well and
just some other things my favorite hot
sauce which is right now hard work sauce
so you can try that
I just thought I just thought it'd be
fun something fun to do this year
definitely so I hope you guys enjoy it
and leaving tonight tomorrow morning
come out yo guys Mario Pete
