hey wrong with you
what's up YouTube fam I'm not sure that
we've recorded yet today unless Jenna's
I don't feel like I have yet however I
am incredibly happy because my Cubs are
making amazing moves you guys probably
don't even care but it affects my
happiness there's a lot of things that
affect my happiness I'm generally a
happy person but when the club's see
something cool I'm even happier oh did I
wake you from your slumber son ready to
party I'll hold them how are you binky
thank you you ready to party that's an
interesting stretch there let me see
I'll join you Oh cover your mouth did
you have a good nap my son dude fully
flexible are you stuck he's stuck he
need some help Jen's with David right
now she's helping him out with some
things I'm with my boy we're gonna have
a fun day today I think we're gonna
build gingerbread house today what else
we doing I don't know probably put up
some christmas lights and some other
things been a busy day today randomly
busy the TV is off which I made the boys
do I went to camp over I said no you
guys are playing no more TV so we have
Christmas tunes do you hear them makes
me so happy we're playing cars for a
while these boys they were racing cars
it was really fun and now are you guys
shooting hoops you guys shootin hoops
ways doing shooting hoops yeah so yeah
yeah Oh muscle
so yeah it's been a good day it's friday
i'm so tired today like oh my back after
that expire place yesterday he's just
been killing me today I'm like I'm tired
so Sam is it going to pick up a little
fun dinner and then we make gingerbread
house I think hang up a little bit of
lights outside these kids are just being
crazy just being them crazy cells huh
are you laughing where's your fake laugh
hey well I heard Tim go to the garage
and so I was like where'd he go it's
been a while cuz i heard him close the
garage and he didn't come back inside so
I was like what's going on so I opened
the pic tonight it's pretty dead oh my
god like just you wait just to pay no
heard me laughing so then he decided to
bust up laughing in his little fake old
man laughs daddy okay it's me hey I'm
Sam it did I septa I was gonna scare Jen
and it backfired cuz she came in the
gradual changing but I have a brilliant
idea what a really good idea what's your
like I can give it away yet ok I can put
on camera hey your belt not even an
awesome way listen there's holes here
for the belt oh there are geysers
playing pretend Santa he's playing for
time soon Santa this Sam Sam looks of
kinkos do it again don't there oh my
gosh
hey you i want to do i shy of you
looking through the window I was so
funny I'll give it when we come back
knock on the door I'm like I heard
someone's been a bad boy this year so
much bit of naughty no no that's a
stupid we're not you're not a Santa
stripper oh hi hello Christmas unicorn
will you help me pull my slide yes Oh
Donna be you've been a bad Darby you've
been a naughty naughty girl hey my
unicorn what's up
here
who is that that fencing on the box who
is that tap dancing on the box hey tap
dancin are you dancing on the box good
dance moves you look like Mickey Mouse
know what do you think of that I didn't
get the Santa suit to scare Noah I got
to scare other people like you but you
ruined it I i was even when you and your
something dress anyone seen my face i
know i went into the garage to grab one
last box cuz we needed a new chair and i
put those putting the Santa suit on and
Jen comes busting out look oh you look
like I don't even know why cause you
actually look cute what the heck you
seriously look cute oh you're gonna
you're gonna be sweet when you have
right here look at you this is you and
your old some cookies dear some tea and
cookies you're cute anyways I have a
very good idea as far as the sassy goes
I'll see if I can pull it off and if it
will work now we have tap dancing maybe
the box who is that tap dancing on the
box who is that tap dancing on the box
Sam in that suit yeah he just makes me
think of Tim Allen and the Grinch all it
was one person Dan's coming over cuz
suppose the aaron has a date over and he
doesn't want to be third wheeling so
he's gonna come hang out for a bit but
seems like we were scared like it Sam's
outside he's gonna be like down around
the corner he's gonna wait till they
hunt at the door i'm gonna try to keep
him at the door until Sam jumps out
also if you want a new show to watch and
you have netflix or something the great
British baking show is life just so you
know its life you'll thank me later
trust me what I don't know is it all but
out here I don't know where he is I
thought you were two knocks let me try
to keep you at the door longer I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I didn't
lock it I should have that's scary
