Sam's telling this story but he's
laughing because about to cry it's like
happy laughing - he wasn't crying he
always laughs Moo's cries come on that's
sad I'm just like happy it's like
amazing how easy it is to make someone's
day
good morning it's great stamp like good
morning good morning
do you I love this phase of driving cars
around it's really cute you're cute Noah
oh thank you one for me let's go outside
because even that's a little cold I can
see my breath and so you know it's
breath it's just so nice I don't think
the sun's my last very long today
hopefully it does but it's kind of hazy
and cloudy and gross so today we might
go to this bounce house place kind of
they have my blow-up side oh my word oh
my goodness I'm trying to teach Noah the
way of pockets I'm trying to teach you
to like pockets Thank You Josh you sure
don't like gloves I've gotta teach him
some way to keep his hands warm Howie
here here he's keeping his pockets right
now good job buddy
what do you see lots of leaves Oh see
that's just nasty look at that like on
the concrete that's yuckies baby that's
yucky poops
let's not step in that let's go this way
let's not stepping all that yep man I
must say where we lived in Salt Lake
when we were living in Salt Lake they
were like super strict when it came to
dog poop and whatnot like they even like
put like a little paper on the door
saying that if you didn't clean through
dogs poop
you'd get fined or they would raise
everyone's dog
Oh No hi CJ oh okay I wish this place
would do that so people would feel
incentive to pick up the time to look at
right here free bags and a trash can and
yeah it's all over the concrete no it
was cute we loved we were we were
giggling cuz it's cute yeah put dad's
shoes back on you can wear them I'm
gonna put your shoes then you can put my
something I'm putting your shoes that
looking I'm putting your shoes now I've
sick boots you put Danny shoes I'm gonna
put your foot in here you can do it do
it
Sam's telling this story but he's
laughing because about to cry it's like
happy laughing jeez he always laughs
Moo's cries come on not sad I'm just
like happy it's like amazing how easy it
is to make someone's day yeah you came
in smile like I'm so happy
Sam doesn't cry hidden I'm not trying to
like brag or anything but it's like so
easy to make someone's day like better
yeah I'll tell this story real quick I
bought this a while ago I remember I
went inside Jen in the library you're
happy yeah yeah right because so at our
Wendy's I wanted to get from Wendy's for
your lunch and there's like just one way
to get into the drive-through you know
you turn in and it's like one way you
can't like come the other way but
there's like a back entrance from Sam's
Club area mm-hmm where you could like
hop in line but it's like inconvenience
I can't almost like you're cutting and
it's just like yeah courteous anyways I
found myself coming from that way and I
was like outing it sometimes there's no
one in line and you can just go but
there were people on line well almost
two years ago I had the same situation
but I was the car already in the
drive-thru and I just loved the lady in
I mean that's you know what you do and
she bought me a frosty right and like I
was like wow that's such a nice gesture
you know yeah totally unnecessary so
today I'm faced with the same
circumstance only I'm the lady now there
was an old lady in line and she let me
in it was nice about it and so I was
like someone did something nice for me
in this circumstance I want to do
something for them so I paid for my meal
and I was like hey can I pay for the
ladies behind me tuned they were just
kind of like what and I was like well
she was just like nice and just let me
in she's like well it's four dollars and
I was like okay I'm not saying this to
brag either so I was like you let me pay
for it and so they even had to have the
manager come over and like type of
password so I paid for it and like I
just still engraved in my mind right now
as I'm pulling away I see the lady pull
up and thank you have to page you just
like I've never seen someone so happy in
like the entire week and I was just like
oh $4 like it's not even the amount of
money it's just like the gesture and I'm
not doing this
get it praised by just like holy cow and
do that more often yeah because someone
did it to me and kind of set the example
and I'm like I might do that for her
that's nice anyways I hope you nurse
administering here yeah it's just really
cute I wasn't gonna film it but then Sam
started crowd you see I'd ya know I wish
I was you had like her face was just
glowing and she like looked up and I'm
like about to pull out you know uh-huh
just like Oh little things in life you
can just totally change someone's day
make it good
yeah door open she's probably getting to
talk to her husband tonight at dinner go
for a little fun little activity out and
about with Noah it's a little bounce
house kind of place I think he'll enjoy
it
you can probably run around freely and
just bounce around and I'll be happy it
looks like we got the place to ourselves
no are you excited he's like yeah and we
also have a place but I was she's
usually got my sneaker boots on display
and it looks like nachos are a dollar
fifty half-price today
show me show me oh this is so awesome we
have the entire place to ourselves
I'm ready let's go dude that's fast you
gotta hold on tight hold on tight I'm
gonna teach know how to climb now okay
ready no over here let's go look at this
stuff I don't think he'd be able to do
those things very well yeah you could
help them come on wow this is sweet and
is not huge
her a little survivor competition out
here right pops
seriously we might need to get a monthly
pass because it's like the perfect thing
to getting out it's cleaner than the
other place I've done the same everybody
feels like plate new that's right it
doesn't it doesn't seem like three feet
in here at all
and look at toys like a hello farm
this is cute No
oh he found a piano
getting that footage
hi
I forgot that in the vlog yesterday Jen
fell asleep I was over here working on
some things and I completely forgot to
so I just finished editing today's vlog
no improves he really likes the parts
where he's like running around and going
those sides we've watched it probably a
hundred times and he just beat your hair
I love you my man
we had fun though we'll definitely be
back at that place and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
face you say peace
I used to
anything you will never eat a future
