so I've been ordering Christmas are you
gonna go you ready to go see Santa
hello munchkin man are you waking up
nice and happy you're funny this is how
he he like jumps around and it's really
hilarious
yeah we're back to peeing out of
everything again I think it's because he
drank a whole cup of water before bed my
mistake
he was running around so much before bed
I was like I don't wanna be thirsty and
then he just on the couch and chugged
his whole water bottle so he peed his
pants last night but that's ok I need to
clean those sheets though cuz it kinda
smells like pee in here hi oh yeah
what's that
you throw he's jumping when I come in
here whoa whoa whoa laughter new no
stinker stinker and without fancy daddy
what's what's up with that what is that
your window okay let's go whoa you just
missed yourself in the face careful also
I'm debating on whether to get Noah
haircut before Christmas
I love his long hair I was getting a
little too long I think he needs a
haircut
I've only trimmed like the back bit and
that was while ago - so what are you
doing silly man that's fine you can
leave this stuff here I'll be happier if
you leave you're stuck here he's
discovered to where I left all his stuff
wherever you move dat off no no no leave
those all there right now I'm gonna
organize those okay can you take one
book downstairs okay gonna take that one
with you okay let's take that downstairs
don't take it downstairs are we did okay
this stuff is kind of a mess I want to
move the bed vertical this way so
there's more space here so we can put
his like bookshelf back there in the
corner
I think that'll be a little bit better
Wow thank you thanks for shutting the
door for me he's all about being a big
kid these days going down the stairs by
himself like
bigboy that I think right Wow know what
you give me now Oh sans been editing I
have been he got started last night and
started editing his sister's pictures
and I've been just finishing up the last
bits the look how cute those needed are
they're so cute so I've been just
ordering Christmas
Sam's a little crazy he wants to notice
you Santa today so we'll probably do
that because Santa needs some more
visitors up is mom it's kind of lonely
and it's really sad and I'm doing
Christmas stuff all day like getting our
little menu all set and ready to go for
the week and Link groceries my and
presents so I guess that's what we're
gonna do is go see Santa know you lab
city so you got no I haired go see Santa
should get know a haircut first you tell
it over do you like your hair hey Dad oh
that's my hair where's your hair now
show me your hair oh thank you whoa guys
it's big guy like warm and that's really
cool in the winter but when you want to
like do something fun in the snow like I
just ordered know it ice skates the
other day and they're gonna be
soon did I know who won't escape by
himself but I just want to let go
because there's a really cute outdoor
rink here that they always make in the
wintertime if it's cold enough it hasn't
been cold enough yet - for them to make
it may be fun to have like a little oh
my goodness that is crazy
mmm yeah this is how no reaction he
knows he's getting a juice
he dances around the kitchen are you
getting to get a juice box you say
please with your mouth good job
we've been practicing saying please out
loud because Noah's been used to sign
language which was really helpful in the
beginning but now that hate we're trying
to get him do now we're trying to get
him to use his words I think he's been
just a tiny bit slower with wanting to
like repeat things you just really don't
care - and I'm not worried at all but we
just try to get him to switch over the
sign language now spell please and think
you are trying to get with his mouth
which is working he has said or go sit
down on the couch one go sit down by
Daddy
you ready go see Santa did you go see
him he could cry he might not like this
he probably won't last year he loved it
we'll see what happens is he he won't we
got to warm them up to Santa let's go my
little Frenchman
ah but you see him Noah he's pointing or
Santa where is he
here we go
wishes luck
and
he's not doing it right
Noah do you forgive us do you forgive us
we made him put on a sweater and put gel
in his hair and cried and now he's kind
of aware of his surroundings which is
good I'm proud of you son
I'd be afraid of sin to do you much
happier now
what's that where's the monkey show me
the monkey no show me where the monkey
is where's the monkey well there's
always next year
because this year Santa a risk very
scary no what did you get oh my goodness
that makes everything right with seeing
Santa yeah you got you're a good boy -
you got elf slippers you did yeah yeah
can you show me him let's see him Wow
are those Jordans other Santa's very
cool do you like them look at me do you
like them yeah that's cool all right
let's say prayers and go to bed I'm not
gonna record our prayer
but at the end of our prayer we always
do little thing together like once the
prayers over and it's super cute so yeah
you guys we'll see you in one moment
amen amen he's right this is his
favorite part after we say Amen at my
house my parents would always like
everyone be like sure Olivia and now
Noah loves doing it one more time
so Noah didn't like Santa and in a weird
way I guess it's not that weird I'm
totally cool with that
it just shows how much he's changed as a
person a year ago from today he was just
a baby and you know looks cool and now
he's more fight or flight or is this
person safe it's good sometimes I
honestly kind of worry about Noah just
because he is super social with other
people everywhere we go he's waving you
know saying hi when we got airplanes he
wants to like sit on everyone's lap I
mean he's just like all over the place
but lately he's definitely known hey
there's mom there's dead I can trust
them he's like building his trust around
certain people it's interesting to watch
that's for sure
I thought I had prepped him well we had
walked by Santa so many times I was
pointed at that Santa he's really nice
he'd wave and be kind of happy but you
know you know how kids are so
unpredictable sometimes and that's
probably the most fun of it
uh if you have kids or you have brothers
or sisters that are little or maybe
yourself and you visited Santa this year
how did they go let me know in the
comments we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
