good morning sweet world I'm Emily and
I'm Emily's mom Becky we're from Seattle
Washington and you're now watching
samick a vlog face hole people let me
tell you about my bed down
good morning guys we are here at a local
library for reading time and to just
play on a little slide area I went to my
workout class this morning which was
great I felt very tired and out of shape
and like I was gonna pass out but it was
good I hated that you get my butt in
shape um so it should be fun I think
some of my friends will be here with
their kids and me any children so it
should be a good time we can't stay very
long today though cuz we got some work
stuff wanted to do and get home for
lunch and I like kind of like days like
this that are kind of like boom boom so
let's go are you excited for reading
time hey excited for reading time hi you
like bread butter jelly on bread please
what's wrong
ah got a good one
the doggies Noah always greets me at the
door okay hi hi hey what what's that
dude what's up guys what's that oh dude
what happened to the rim oh my gosh that
takes some talent right there there you
go hi Noah I know did you bring me that
ball to shoot thanks dude I'm not
left-handed though oh the rims broken
okay now I can finally shoot buckets
just got back from the tricks in store
tricks in store Te'o wants the vlog i'ma
let you hear you know the camera can I
eat world people let me tell you about
my bed don't like it thank ya thanks for
camera guy tell something black whatever
you want I could we talk about what you
want for christmas I love my cycle
motorcycle uh-huh yeah yeah here you got
some Noah to you guys cuz you easier
friend hey say hi Noah hey go hey hey
so I get this for my party this start
your party's starting hi yeah kick down
big fun where's your daddy knows day
recording okay so here's a day yeah we
beer get this outfits up there let me
see right by Wright buy that book guys
remember run the country playing and we
were like Starlin Castro long time cub
turn it today so we're letting one last
clap out ready huh also no I just ate
some philly cheesesteak pizza which was
kind of fun oh alright no clap clap clap
be careful the peaches on the ground wow
that's quite the dance move your dads
crazy whoa Ben the kid in the seat yeah
shake it Noah shake it shake it shake it
you know that
take it shake it shake it Noah you were
so silly idea of a box curtain he just
had that on his head or he was trying to
stand on it to fiddle with the air
conditioning unit and the heater and he
fell right through the hole cuz it's not
full anymore and then he was putting on
his head and she made it down his body
what are you doing there he's asleep in
a box tonight boxes great mounds of
entertainment for children ah ain't
gonna put it down your arms again he's
gonna walk around in the box you're
gonna walk around in the box you look
like a little robot hey it's stuck in
there dance team it down this way okay
there we go come on put on Noah people
keep asking me how we hung up our
christmas lights inside the house this
is what i used right here see these
commands strip just these little hooks
put them up on the wall they're not
supposed to cause damage although i
think they often take the paint off
depending on how cheap your paint is
this place is like the cheapest paint
ever and also just like with the
temperature of the wall it kind of
affects it differently but that's what
we use we just put them up on the wall
and then hug them that way didn't have
to use nails or anything it was super
easy totally recommended they're kind of
expensive i feel like this box alone was
like six or seven dollars which i think
is way too expensive for that so we have
a new place to get things done to get
work done I think for now this will be
kind of like my new little work place
just right here in the kitchen this area
was definitely designed to have like a
computer here I'm just a place to work
so I cleaned it up and I'm really
enjoying it especially because Jen was
like watching a show tonight and I was
in here I can usually do that with my
laptop and things but when I want an
extra monitor or just a bigger viewing
space I usually I'm upstairs like in my
office and I'm kind of far away so you
know that's good sometimes like when I
need to get away and just really focus
but I really am digging this setup
Lindsey my sister if you are watching
this I'm working on your pictures your
family pictures from Thanksgiving right
now I'm guessing you probably want to
use some of those for Christmas card no
for a moment we had forgotten about them
so i'm editing him right now you can't
really tell like the colors like all
funny from this camera but they look
really nice you might use this as like a
Christmas cards I'm not going to give it
away if anyone you know is watching this
but it's really cute Jen got some really
good shots of Abe too I can't wait to
send you so I'll probably have these
done soon and then I'll email him over
to you I wouldn't play ball tonight I am
so out of shape I need to be working out
at least three four times a week I'm
really slacked lately it's been bad
Jen's asleep she fell asleep watching
survivor and I should be asleep too
because we both have an early morning
tomorrow question of the day I've been
asking you guys questions if you
celebrate Christmas and if you have a
Christmas tree do you prefer
multicolored lights white lights what is
your favorite color of lights to have up
on your tree or out on your house in
general growing up we had a lot of white
lights our tree was always multicolored
and I kind of have just stuck with that
I think most trees come pretty strong
now I'm not sure let me know you guys
like we'll see you tomorrow
can read if you choose soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood he's
like whatever i'll let it I don't care
it's warm heaters
