behind-the-scenes of day enjoying
Instagram we have Logan McKay
controlling the camera
we have tried Tyler taking the picture
we have Santa yes the real Santa dabbing
how's your breakfast is it good not good
come on I made you a delicious breakfast
of yogurt bananas all sorts of things
it's not good I think we set an all-time
record at least in this stage of Noah's
life for sleeping in you couldn't tell
by how I look I actually stayed up way
too late last night I was learning a
little bit more about Web Design things
are always changing so I was just
reading up and practicing and testing
some things he slept in until about 9:25
a.m. that's crazy for him he used to
wake up at 6:00 7:00 7:30 it was like
regular 7:30 7:30 7:30 then when he
started sleeping until II or 8:30 about
a week ago we were like this is amazing
8:00 we're sleeping until 8:00 and then
today Jen went to her workout class and
I'm just laying there you know just
waiting watching the monitor 9:25 that's
like my main ma man dude way to sleep in
that's amazing so we're just watching a
little bit of paw Patrol
I brought some vlogs as well he's having
a little bit of breakfast Jen just got
home
so she's getting showered up I got some
things to do so I'm sure they'll do
something fun like they always say
Jenna's a an amazing mom she's always
looking for activities and things to do
outside inside crafts wherever she goes
we got some Christmas cards this one is
my sister's she always does something
kind of fun cute this time they're all
on like their electronic devices text me
Merry Christmas you got a selfie stick
with a phone another phone an iPod an
iPad and a phone good job sis here's a
Christmas card from Jen's friend Shelby
Diaz remember trying to Joanie and vada
that's theirs they'll be here soon
actually we're gonna see him like a week
this morning we got a special delivery
the Harry Potter eight film collection
on blu-ray this was an Amazon deal today
it was like 30 bucks and I've always
wanted all the DVDs watch blu-rays so
that happened
amazing still need to watch all the Star
Wars to get ready for the movie again
and then I got the hobbits this is all
my this is my black Fridays aside from
Star Wars which I got before Black
Friday this is Black Friday for me right
here this was like 10 bucks and these
are about $5 each I've never seen the
hobbits my sister says I'll be
disappointed because they're not that
good if you guys like The Hobbit movies
a little bit later today I'm gonna ask
you guys on Twitter which is your
favorite Star Wars for the Rings or
Harry Potter for me
Harry Potter books are the best Laura
the Ring movies are the best and then
the best merchandise toys that kind of
thing is Star Wars I enjoy all the
movies but that's how I have them what
about you though how do you rank them
what's your favorite series because for
me books and movies are different I
think a lot of this also depends on what
age you are because when the Lord of the
Rings movies came out that was like whoa
these are amazing and they were
nominated for best films I think one of
them even won one so although I feel
like if I go back and watch the movies I
might enjoy Harry Potter more I don't
know it's a beautiful afternoon here in
the valley
I passed mountains it looks so pretty in
the winter doesn't look like a huge wave
is gonna like crash over the mountains I
don't know what it is but there's some
reason people just cared less about
picking up their dogs poo in the winter
than they do in the summer poop
everywhere it's so gross so you can't
even go outside without like having to
like worry about where the poop is like
look at this poop poop poop poop poop
everywhere it's annoying and I'm trying
to keep Noah away from it no that's not
that's not like how mommy wipes you
yucky poops enjoying the last of the
snow before talking actually it's
supposed to snow again really soon I
think like this Friday or this weekend
or something anyway it's the afternoon
we're just getting oh gosh playing
outside
Oh before it's too cold supposed to rain
all the rest of the day starting this
afternoon while he's napping so I'm like
okay let's just go play outside while we
can it's the high 30s it's pretty nice
out we've been doing some Christmas
stuff I had a good phone call from my
mom last night about Christmas I'm
getting all that stuff done so I'm
really excited about that in Sam side
the family we like put stuff into
everyone stocking like we stuff each
other stocking and so I was like oh mom
we should do that here too cuz it'd be
really fun and then it's good Galacta me
like just not like expensive things just
little things to put and never in
stockings so we're gonna do that so I
think I might win no is napping go get
that stuff
oh just start checking things out the
list one day one day
can I see your sweatshirt show me it you
don't like it we all have like the same
boots on see boots okay we're out to
have a good family home evening outside
of the home there we have been in the
home all day it's been kind of raining
and storming and I haven't been snoring
but this dude's ready to go on an
adventure yep so generally want sushi so
we're gonna get sushi she's not
raw fish it's all cooked there's a
doctor that I'm friends with and he told
me he's like it's actually okay if you
eat sushi but better be safe than sorry
this is like cartoon I got a sunburn
hello we are sunburnt cartoons Noah
loves dinner this time he didn't
necessarily love the beef we got him but
more so the sushi yeah California roll
no no raw fish no raw fish no miss don't
worry guys I don't know if kids or
whatever uh fish but no raw fish it was
just a mutation crab but he was loving
that cow burger had two full ones and
then just wanted to keep it on his plate
just to have their yeah just to be like
Ã¬okay even likes California rolls until
I was in college
really we're heading to the ball now
just to do a little something before
bedtime and so I can look at some
stocking stuffers yes we got stuff
everyone's stockings this year I've
already gotten a lot of things for
people
yeah you can't show what you're getting
though because people watch this I mean
yeah I'm not going to his family watches
list and then they'll know what I'm
putting in their stocking and we don't
stop my other tricks is don't say yeah
say yeah see lubricant no Hey hashtag
green coat is back
the guy runs like green coats back this
okay
Al's a couple years ago had super cell
best I think I ever bought four hundred
dollars I've gotten every single penny
worth out of this
the past - how many years four years
four years I wasn't at all that that's
kind of funny oh I wasn't but now it's
kind of funny I love this coat you all
love it - no uh no I do you see the
Leprechaun say yeah listen this isn't a
spoiler Jen just went to Bath and Body
Works stocking stuffers
she's also never seen one of these
before ever it's better like a quarter
it's much better with like a quarter I
think
No where is he no where are you
anyone seen him there you are it's
really you Peter
are you sleeping there where's Noah
where is he bye I love you must a impact
kokis no kiss my cheek oh thank you
that's like a Popeye kiss
behind the scenes of day engine incident
we have Logan McKay controlling the
camera we have tribe Tyler taking the
picture we have Santa yes the real Santa
dabbing with day on it should be called
dabbing what they have
this is actually amazing and sleepy it's
time to go to bed I also need to figure
out why that strand is out right there
we used to be this strand used to be out
and now that one is and I kind of
fiddled with it but for some reason I
thought they had designed new strands
that don't go out like the circuit don't
break I guess the whole thing used to go
out unlights it's bothering me though I
need to fix it work hard and be nice to
people we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood bucket
