dinner ready leader Oh get through
everyone
you want to see what kind of actors see
this young lad has with his foot here
Noah kick the bouncy ball Oh Charlie
proud dude I'm so sorry oh the floors
slippery right there get it ready this
is his idea that mine maybe we should
move it to the carpet he just loves
hitting like kicking that ball oh now
he's throwing it good day to you all I'm
not sure if we've blogged yet today but
it is Sunday we enjoyed church today we
came home no one took a nap and now our
friends are coming over to interview US
for like their TV class one of my good
friends do his wife is pursuing kind of
like TV news maybe she's like
communications major i'm not sure but
she wants to come over and do like a
story about how we do you have stuff and
then tricks in and just how he graduated
from utah state university with me so
we've kind of started uh cleaning for
the family cleaning for Christmas we'll
call it yeah early and got rid of the
bookshelf but I think this is how it
will be after a family leaves to write
actually took the clutter of the
bookshelf and all the mess that Noah
makes its now upstairs it will either go
in his room or the spare bedroom we'll
see you in an hour I go through it just
get rid of stuff that he is mm-hmm
donate some toys and he doesn't use he's
growing out of some we can save some for
the lucky the next cars for the
microphone yeah a lot of this stuff has
been hand me downs and stuff that you
guys had given us I can't believe how
many books we have accumulated which is
super exciting those things we don't
want to give away because it'll be
really fun to have a bookshelf for him
to grab and read books every night
before he goes to bed so that's at least
what I did growing up oh yeah yeah you
still have all your books a book I do
it's kind of fun to keep it granny and
papas house when we visit you like your
trucks yeah he always shares one with me
tales of their tails trucks that's true
is that really really don't really taste
okay is good sharing it was really nice
to share I've had some fun today because
Noah has been he just likes playing with
someone and so he keeps bringing a ball
over to me and then he loves watching me
shoot from like far away and then I'll
shoot and then he'll bring it back to me
I love that little dude anyways started
looking nice getting cleaned up love to
figure out everything we need to hang
that up that's one of Noah's latest
masterpieces because this is going to
have like presence here we need to have
like a better dining area maybe move
that table I'm not sure we'll get
creative between our place and David's
place we'll have enough room and it'll
be a really fun Christmas then did you
see the suggestion that someone said to
put the shoes down their shoes their
everyday like shoes but he always pulls
them off someone like we're filming
either just on the ground yeah they have
been going that did add our shoes so
well they're dry it's so wet outside so
we always leave them here or I was like
in that area so yeah do and his wife
Caroline will be over soon maybe we'll
record some of that I think they wanted
us to vlog on the peace oh really yeah
so should we be like oh we should be
overdramatic like it'd be funny for
their little story to be like over the
top and then like you guys are like what
are you doing this is 21 weeks how do i
need to try to 20 21 22 i don't know i'm
jack looking good girl I need to post
pictures i realize i posted way more
with no as a nap with it well no what no
what I'm glad I chose the right toys to
keep ya hey Noah hella isn't is that
what's going on do you know what's going
on yeah goldfish do you like goldfish
John's looking at an angel right here
cameras don't you Oh Stu Stu you're back
on my blogs it's about time last time
student Caroline we're on our vlogs was
like day 30 you guys probably think
we're fatties well the truth is we are
what up what up what up what up dude
what did they say so what do they say
about nothing I said that's why more
really don't want to how is that what is
that I hope they're dead what is that ah
don't ever cinnamon oh man a hotdog oh
my gosh I got a chance to pregnant with
anything right at the same time we got
to pregnant women in the same room at
the same brain trust what what to how
far along are you guys 14 we must be
really good if they're taking pictures
come out everybody needs to try it on
where's my wallet we're like day 7 6 95
now so we're about to record something
here in the kitchen no it's behaving oh
hi hi
wave hi you know how to wave oh you just
wanna oh there you go can you wait to
her oh my gosh oh sorry to go I know
there's no one I'll show me your muscles
oh look at this camera late no both of
you in yeah you wanna dicking hear me in
there yeah good see like those montages
of people that took a picture themselves
every day for a year and I'm like that's
crazy and I've tried doing it before and
I couldn't do it it was like too hard
but somehow we did video for entire year
and now two entire years what has been
your favorite part about doing this and
what is the most challenging or
difficult I think I think my favorite
part is just that we have so many
memories like we have known as entire
life on camera literally since thing has
been born I'm not gonna like hide by
like makeup and make myself look like
okay I'm feeling really good like i'll
be like today's been rough alright so we
just filmed a little segment for the
Alliance class now we're heading to the
tricks and store to get some b-roll for
them looks like case is in here Santa's
here behind the scenes of Aggie TV
Stewart Noah damaging Caroline what is
your dream like you want to be on the
news or what maybe someone want is
watching this vlog that could help you
out seriously you never know to be a
reporter there you go anyone needs a
reporter caroline is ready when you
graduate in two weeks she's great
experience she was great at interviewing
us some of her works online i'm sure she
could work for you if we run a TV
station or you happen to fall upon this
video
there you go look it she even knows how
to work a camera and Stu her husband was
very cool and supportive too so he'd be
good for like company parties all right
behind the scenes caroline is getting
the shot of me vlogging oh sorry wait
look it again I'm gonna keep talking so
looks like I'm doing something ok
Caroline we can walk you want to yeah
let's walk oh come this way I'm giving a
tour of the tricks of the store to
Caroline right now this is where the
entrance is where people come in and out
these are some of our clothes oh do you
like the new shirts yeah do you like
mommy's new me hey likes pulling on it
yeah dinner ready litter Oh get for
everyone did even such a good boy today
Hey Oh until now it's been a pretty busy
day today though it may have not seen
that way we made some someone's
excited we made a crock pot meal beef
carrots onions celery potatoes best
thing to do on Sundays especially if
you're like out of the house or you're
busy on other days crock pot meals the
best i'm part of a i'm part of a group
called slow cooking as I'm reddit and
I've run sure it's recipes it's pretty
amazing I just added today's vlog which
you guys probably already watched and I
am good to go upload that help the guys
pack orders hey daddy's got to go and
it's time for bed I get a hug ok get hug
go Oh
guys I love this kid so much we both do
we love you so much when we were filming
today he was kind of being loud and just
you know like a toddler oh yeah himself
who isn't that use being bad or anything
oh man I just love them hope you guys
had a fun weekend in a restful day and
um we'll see you guys tomorrow good
night
anything you want to say that's a good
night good I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good you better believe it I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good get that
understood I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good you better believe it I'm gonna
be happy I'm gonna be good get that
underst I'll be here for you when you
fall to capitalize off of it behind no
packages left behind I was just a tiny
bit of it when I came in they attacked
like a million boxes already
