goodnight world yeah no let me see your
shirt can you show me it
good morning sweet world and then we
went to the Bulls first game the other
night and some use first fans were like
go Spurs go I got left for Kawhi Leonard
I even got one of his shirts this is
what quite us right here except he makes
it what's that he just wants the balls
he doesn't care about anything else who
is this it's a chase
I thought these are you over it
duly noted not getting this for
Christmas
you think ruble the top three favorites
I think of people already talks our
ruble chase and then the donation what's
his name no we just walked by all this
paw patrol stuff so maybe he just
doesn't love it as much as I want him to
love it he just likes the show you're
gonna give her anything else Wow oh did
you find a little chase little toy why
are those guys that chase oh wow thank
you we are headed to teos birthday party
we just got him a gift is he I saw at
Walmart we're pretty excited about him
opening those but more than anything
Te'o first birthday wanted Red Ranger
to be at the party now we're here
yesterday happy birthday Red Ranger oh
we got what are those tail part gun well
you know what that is pick up that one
pick that up it takes real pictures I
was like they're gonna hate this exam
down that one you mean take another
package
I knew Sam I think you need to hit your
head again twist it away from you
happy birthday
Red Ranger entail you are so sweaty
we just played basketball soccer
football whatever sport you want to make
up as well for the past 30 minutes
running around it's time for dinner
and we just need some spaghetti and
chicken and some bread we're gonna be
watching the Big Ten championship
tonight oh that's not the Big Ten
championship but it will be on this
channel
Go Green okay go those kids in throwing
running mode right now
he is rinsing boat Oh Bryn team you're
gonna break I would take a break - yeah
yeah we were working hard are you mark
it on your marks that's a snap I think
you said let's see if he said that on
your money go and you mark yeah thank
you Mark good set I don't like I said go
that time you say it some water some
time I'm gonna take a break now hey kid
has been running and throwing everything
in sight for the past hour I think on
your mark get set go
it's good at that I do when he goes on
the side go go
yeah where's your cup it's over here
over there do I get some water dude you
guys think I'd let sit down by daddy and
take a break yeah go sit down bye daddy
oh gosh it's boy oh I think he's been
like this since he woke up from his nap
at 4:00 yeah we had a break for dinner
and a break to read a book for five
seconds boobies here everyone will be
very excited to see your face oh hey
what's up I can't see your face
mama Jenna I'm in the middle of
something real important here greatest
game I've ever played this year real
important shovel Knight lost more money
Oh No anyway I'm working on my second
stocking I'm working on Noah's I was so
indecisive and couldn't figure out what
colors I wanted and I finally just stuck
with something so I wanted to be fun and
so I went with this it's green and blue
and white and then this like cool yellow
toe and then this top will be yellow as
well so I'm really excited I like it I
did the second half last night so I
couldn't get it right for some reason I
could it's like it cut missing up so
maybe I was just too tired we kind of
stayed up real late last night so I was
trying to get his stock and done and you
scared me this little naked baby you
lose to it go go let's race
oh boy oh I don't what I'm slipping
though this is a game and you're my
feeling a frustrates it go oh gosh it's
so good news look at you look at me you
know what look you just think I've ever
seen in my life
I've ever seen in my life
yeah no let me see your shirt can you
tell me is this all delusion open can't
put more a little bit more lotion then
key book is this look at that line in
French :
play action
that was money that was a freaking power
my gosh that was really nice he liked
his yet stopped and neither support out
this whole college career was just like
he was not gonna accept that freshmen
think we're gonna march in Long Knives
Liggett
three guys back it was so close to
knocking that out and his New Year's
almost time to use up razor what were
they thinking
you don't understand the points of like
the box over the tree the the reason
that during the thing is nobody knows
all right so here's the deal doing a
secret santa but I'm getting a gift for
everyone anyway so stop say are you but
I don't need to get from anyone else to
draw one and only one or I'll see my
friend Wilson one person oh I see yeah
yeah I'll just stay out of it cuz I mean
I'm Mary getting some oh yeah why cuz
its Jen but did you see it yeah no you
didn't really but you guys aren't secret
cesspool crap
you have me today was a great day we had
a lot of fun celebrating tails birthday
going to his birthday party Red Ranger
was there my boys Sparty one we're
probably be in the playoffs now I mean
it's pretty much given an amazing game
between Iowa and Michigan State Iowa
deserves all the cut in the world for
being a good team this year they a word
Wow we had the fellas over we pulled
names for Secret Santa
although I think we all know who we have
now and I'm finishing the night trying
out one of these Oreo things but this
time like the vanilla kind tomorrow
Sunday I think we are participating in
like a news story for my school my old
colleges like TV class I'm not sure and
then we have a ton of fun things planned
for the week like going to the ice caves
going to see the lights today was
especially good because I think no his
teeth didn't bother him that much and he
was just so much happier
he just was enjoying every moment of the
day he was kind of scared of to his
birthday in pretty calm and kind of like
attached to us but the rest of the day
he was awesome
love that guy will see us tomorrow peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you bad understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I know people like
like the double stuffed Oreos I think I
like the thinner ones better blesses me
