one two babe
oh my bad good morning wow you're
dancing just like TV right now
Oh guys just can't stop tripping over
the pillow my anything to get all the
energy yet right know what right let's
do the Frog you know how to do that
I mean leapfrog he's gonna hop on you
you can't get up here too tall there you
gotta pull him up
oh these side videos are kind of
hilarious super hilarious any on new
dance moves we need to go to another
wedding oh we are see looking looks just
like psy doing it I need you to teaching
them all the right dance moves oh my
goodness
dancing anything to get energy yet yeah
cuz it's 28 degrees out today no 28 but
it feels colder and it might snow later
this afternoon
so whoohoo oh man oh hi he just loves
singing people's head oh no be soft with
your bum soft bums today is teos
birthday we're super excited we love
that kid he is such a good friend to
Noah such a good neighbor he's our
friend too
and I think he just got his birthday
present so we're gonna go look
hey where's the four-year-old hey who's
for today whose birthday is it
happy birthday would GFE birthday
a bike why is your mom pulling it back
talking about riding it
who's on your helmet look at that I'm
thinking Darth Vader happy birthday hi
it's not your birthday yet almost her
eyes look like a train Browner you know
I like a wishy-washy smile I let them
Brown like mine
look at this birthday present look at
this thing
that is the brightest bike I've ever
seen in my life
so good good thing this is a no asked
for one of these for Christmas so maybe
Santa will get him one he was so upset I
had no idea what he wanted he's got
crying but I guess it was the bike Te'o
knew what he wanted that bike looks so
low now convert his new bike his new
bike is huge
hi Noah are you riding a bike who smells
like snow today but it's like the
warmest day we've had so probably snow
tomorrow
it stands birthday and we're the biker
crew yeah oh wow beautiful he can reach
the pedals
Wow look you go it's pretty cool about
that color
it matches your jacket oh I think
someone's gonna like Christmas
part one of tayos birthday he really
wanted to pop the chill hat so we gave
him one cuz they're really cute squeeze
it here squeeze it squeeze it really
hard yeah ready ready I'll help you
ready let go ready great you're four
that is so fun hey that's a cool hat
will you get to have it
hey you're welcome you know connect we
have two of those hats isn't that cool
what do you well that's just yarn to
make stockings yeah you're welcome
happy birthday oh go you can go take
that home yeah you can go show them you
saw that he said whoa whoa whoa what is
that is that we're like oh you can have
that you guys are cute you guys are cute
friends want to get off now
what are you jacking off to you okay
tail has been dying to play Pie Face so
we're doing a little birthday pre
birthday or no birthday de pie face
first what are you putting it on a
sponge I'll let you put it just on my
hand that's gonna fall off dude did that
come with it
yeah no no maybe that's to wipe it off
yeah I don't understand why it would go
on there though cuz then it flies into
your face okay ready
i'ma spin okay then however many spins
it lands on like the number I have to go
- okay three three okay ready put your
face in there Sam come on it's whipped
cream you can eat it you can eat it
taste it it's sugar it's candy no it's
like it oh my gosh that's hilarious
you're next expect me to go so fast
that's funny
bring some paper towels over here babe
Sam got nailed happy birthday tail I
think just cuz we all screamed it's so
fun I can help ya good job Noah
oh hey he wants a bit up there already
it's gonna be me again spin it no no do
it baby
I you tricked me no it's okay you can go
still in them oh yeah you don't have to
take the five thank you totty totty are
you spent four three three okay you
don't get to eat it you have to play the
game everything
ah no really wants to play it just a
little bit okay you're not gonna like
this yeah put your face there Noah okay
do you want to go spending the wheel
hey there's just a little ready get five
times I don't want to do it oh no Sam
that thing is not worth that was - you
got three more you only have three
cranks left - cakes
go tayo you can do it okay put your face
in there right there okay you only have
three more cranks left wait wait wait
wait wait two more to pay for your face
there too
catotti Jehu Jen hold on it's it's tails
birthday who do you want to go after
totty totty follow babe I'm not I'm
gonna catch you there Falls oh that was
like two minute buddy
maybe we just put on the ground babe 500
and Anila
ready oh my god do it go wall you ready
uh-huh
okay cook it once like this game is this
your favorite game ever yeah no what do
you think II worried hey it's not so
good like chick-fil-a and we're gonna go
celebrate birthday today with Thao magic
was a
Noah's first playplace experience
Coliseum
Oh oh those feet
I don't see him
area there he's up there somewhere
everyone wants to be Sam's mom oh
there's Noah
it's Friday Friday and when you don't
have a babysitter on Friday night you
hang out at home with your wife she's
really nice
she's making me ask us she's like what
color should I do I don't know
correction a stocking she said I don't
know what color initially she was making
one that looked like Green Bay Packers
and she was like what a good idea
and I said maybe this right here and I
was like oh crap that's the University
of Michigan so instead let's do this
green gray and white
it's like Michigan State or blue gray
and white
Aggies no okay she asked me for my
opinion I tell you what I think this was
the one that Jen made you guys said that
not too long ago yes Jen's starting it
pretty stressed out she's like we only
have two and a half weeks until the
whole family's here for Christmas update
on those flowers we put more water in
and they died whoops yeah anyways like
overnight she's freaking out because we
only have two and a half weeks but I
think you get ready in a day most of it
done this weekend tonight I'm gonna go
get a treat and then we are moving this
mess of books and things upstairs okay
I'm gonna put in the spare room and
there were no wakes up tomorrow I'll put
it in his room and then we'll select
some of the books that we like that he
likes to read and then we'll just kind
of shuffle them and put them in our
bookshelf here I think that's a good
idea
it's time to clean it up Friday night
nothing more romantic than cleaning up
the house I just edited this vlog and it
made me laugh a lot especially the Pie
Face
to play it with some more friends so you
guys want to see us play Pie Face with
we might bring it to Taylor's birthday
party tomorrow anyway someone commented
what's up with that you're black I see
that they're just pausing survivor Jun's
watching survivor and working on
stockings how's it going it's going it's
about time for bed you can see I kind of
like a black eye almost it just got
bruised the other day I was helping my
mom set up for her concert performance
thing and I was picking up this table
and the leg of the table swung out and
just hit me in the face like right in my
eye and I actually thought it was gonna
be a lot worse because it really hurt
but no that's what it is
thanks for watching we hope you guys
have a fun weekend then we'll see you
tomorrow and good
get that understood you better believe
it
come on be happy yo Jeff Probst the real
MVP greatest TV hosts that are very
existed
