it's really coming this is no me whether
he gets in Arizona - Rico give me that
my dad yeah you're very excited my dad
you tend to get me like the right give
me your cryptocurrency Padre my dad's
like you've got me to go really fun
popcorn maker than him and you got me
the hot cocoa maker it's it's really
funny welcome to today's vlog we are
starting late tonight as far as your
daily footage goes we're trying to do
vlogmas since we've been doing daily
again as you can see the kid results of
the kids are ready
the past couple nights three nights in a
row we've been watching those old school
Christmas movies like Rudolph frosty and
then there's a Santa one and they're
actually not that good
they're only good if they really hit you
home as far as nostalgia goes because
the kids have found it kind of scary
like the puppets are kind of weird and
then the monsters in it they both have
gotten scared it's kind of funny cuz
this kid's been trying to convince me
that he can watch spider-man and
transformers I'm like nah dude he can't
even make it through Kris Kringle like
even the normal characters okay
we forgot to mention in our last vlog
our next ultrasound is gonna be at the
beginning of January or it actually
would have been during Christmas but it
got moved to the beginning of January
first week I think and we will be
finding out whether we are having a boy
or a girl and some people I guess in the
last walk we're commenting speculating
guessing that was one of the comments I
left to try and make a prediction but
we'll have to do something fun I think
we're gonna reveal a little differently
I've never been to a gender-reveal party
and I'm not like all about like hey
let's all show up and do this we might
just do it but we think it'd be fun if
we didn't find out at the doctor we're
decorating like fall so it's really cool
I was driving around last night during
my workout thing with my friend if
everyone here decorates
yeah I figured that since it's warm here
you have no excuse not to decorate for
the holidays because I mean that's
sometimes the worst part so cold outside
but here today's like 75 and it felt
cold let's make some hot chocolate I
just got this hot cocoa classic on a try
it out they suggest enough laughing I
feel like that's what everyone does when
they're making coffee
hey J you come semuc Senora okay mom is
where tonight at church mom Jen actually
got a new calling at our church and
she's been with the women and she's been
going to a bunch of different activities
I feel like she has something every
single day this week whether it's
working out or young women stuff so I
think that's really good for her and
she's having a lot of fun and sometimes
she's nervous but I know she'll be great
I mean come on it's perfect for her but
mom said that she wanted you guys to
have something tonight okay do you know
what it could be
what Okoye no it's not a toy it's a
tradition PJ I tried to get PJ involved
in this and she just wants to play with
toys she's still one-and-a-half how old
are you
yeah you're almost three and a half yeah
December 27 what are you doing okay do
you want to see what I got me and mommy
got for you yeah this is a tradition so
every year around Christmas this happens
come stand over here come see n over
here what is that chick it's Santa
Christmas jammies should we put him on
so we got you Santa
mom pinkies out Jenica and we have an
elf for PJ so let me get these naked
kids clothes and we'll do a little
fashion show oh my goodness what are you
are you an elf
okay what's the verdict do you guys like
your jammies yeah oh it's just you pull
that one down that's hardest thing about
ornaments love to put that one back in
yeah this is from baby's first Christmas
just name
happy afternoon um we had a kind of fun
day alone on the bike ride we went to
the park and had because a lot of the
girls in our church go have like a park
day once a week so we did that which is
great I'm getting to know more of the
ladies my ward which has been really
nice um but anyway we're doing some
lights I just think it's so funny that
like I look over in this corner and
instead of seeing my bread that's
usually here it's just like 50 boxes of
whites okay not 50 but you know so many
lights Sam well got a little excited at
the store and got lots of lights I
thought this was really pretty I don't
know if he showed you this last night
but he got these like microscopic lights
and decorated the cactus which looks
really cute turned on looks kind of
crazy not turned on and then strung them
through here so I thought it was really
pretty that there around the manger
scene and then you know hon our little
shelf the kids were messing with it too
much I didn't want them to break it
because they tend to break things like
how PJ's broken already like three
ornaments she's no joke she has broken
three or four ornaments it makes me so
sad
luckily this one didn't break this is
like her first Christmas but like she
pulled it off so hard from the tree that
little screw popped out of it I'm gonna
put that one higher and then this one
makes me sad she broke this which on the
back it says 2015 Noah was one and a
half which is PJ's age and she broke the
leg off I'm gonna try to superglue it
hot glue it or something because it
looks pretty like I can salvage it
no no MP they are obsessed with this
okay guys how cute is this
Manoah comes out here and just plays
make-believe with these guys
he'll come and give them hugs he said
mom they're going to church like okay
I'm doing something right
have fun at nursery what are you doing
you ready to come out she plays like she
calls for me 105 yay
she calls for me a hundred times but
then never wants to get actually get out
of bed usually hey Frank toothbrush yeah
did you know what gender asleep offender
asleep no won't come out okay okay
no it's a good shirt off than PJs please
man avert welcome to part two of today's
vlog we started to hang up lights as I
said Jenna's been out every night she's
leaving tonight as well once she left I
just did bath time we did a bath bomb
yeah did Jamie's as you guys saw
hanging up lights in the entire kitchen
I wanted to him all that we might need
filing two more strands because I wanted
to come all the way back and they also
have white light and stuff it just add
so much so pretty similar to go on start
so we got the lights up around whoa
that's weird they like disappear they're
on right now but the framerate this
cameras filming it looks like they're
disappearing third night in a row of me
and the kids I mean it's not like I'm
normal that I put the kids to bed by
myself but Jenna has been super busy
with different things so it's actually
kind of fun I've had a fun time just
bonding with them right now I'm waiting
for Andrew to come I called him around
dinnertime and I said hey what are you
doing tomorrow I actually need your help
filming a project if you're able do you
want to come out here I'll pay you I'll
cover your gas and everything so he
actually is heading here right now I
have a project that took a while to get
approved and now I'm gonna film it
basically in one day film and edit it
and it's gonna be a lot of work and some
of the things that I came up with I
needed kind of someone other than one of
us to hold the camera because often when
we do these kind of things or you see
one of these videos on Instagram it's me
or Jen filming the whole thing like you
order both in it we'll set the camera up
or something you know it makes it
difficult sometimes especially because
like I don't like to do scripted things
especially with the kids or anything
like that I don't want to force them to
do anything I try and come up with fun
things that they'll enjoy that we can do
together if it's a project like this and
I want to be like alright let's do
another take alright let's do another
take especially the kids like I can do I
can try and if I'm like acting something
out you know like I'll do another take
but now with the kids anyways he's
headed here and we're filming tomorrow
if you saw Jen's Instagram story the
other night you kind of got an idea of
what might be happening I'm not sure how
long he'll stay if you'll stay for a day
two days till the weekend we have a
Christmas party at Monica and Elliot's
actually this weekend and another
Christmas party anyways
why hello hello oh hello hello come in
what the heck is it
