here we go ready
but charmed that arms out ready catch it
oh it's so close dude your reaction time
is arms out
I'm so excited right now I'll tell you
why the other day I had a debate with my
friends about Harry Potter I love Harry
Potter
I grew up getting every single book I'm
the release day I dressed up as
Dumbledore to go to the movie premieres
I just loved Harry Potter growing up it
was my favorite book series of all time
I would say we had a debate we were just
having a discussion about how like the
books are so much better than the movies
although the movies are great I love the
movies too shout out though to
audible.com for sponsoring today's video
audible now has all of the Harry Potter
books to listen to and that makes me so
happy because I have memories not only
did I read them we listened to them in
the car with my parents on road trips
and it is just like it was the best the
narrations were perfect I loved it I
just downloaded a couple of them for
Jenica to listen to to because she's
kind of a Harry Potter net in helping
sponsor our Channel today audibles
actually hooked us up with a link to
give to you guys they have over 180,000
titles they have all the popular
youtubers books there that you can
listen to
they now have Harry Potter which we are
listening to you can listen to it on
your phone I listen to it on my iPhone
iPads all those different mobile devices
tablets your computer for me it's a
perfect thing for traveling like when
we're on the airplane or if we're
driving to like Salt Lake somewhere far
I also like to listen to things at night
podcasts and books so this is perfect
for me if you guys want to try it out
you can actually get a 30-day trial on
us go to audible.com slash sanika or you
can click on the link in the description
right there just click on it you'll get
a 30 day free trial and then you'll also
be able to pick out a book that you want
to listen to so you can start listening
to Harry Potter if it's something you've
never listened to before or read what
are you doing with your life if you like
the movies goes into the books they have
so much more in-depth and it's just oh
they're so good so get a free trial 30
days audible.com slash sanika or click
on the link in the description I am so
happy that they now have the Harry
Potter books it's amazing Wingardium
Leviosa
I was really
because I was like oh yeah I'll take no
to the library this morning and do
reading time and all that stuff because
I thought it was twice a week it's only
once a week I missed it I was like oh
shoot I'm like all messed up on time and
so that was fun I felt kind of I was
like oh sorry no there's no reading time
and there's no kids your age to play but
he's done fine so he's been having major
meltdowns today so I took him to the
library to get him out of the house to
have some fun and now we're gonna go
grocery shopping cuz we literally have
no groceries dad said he wants to come
with us which is fun I think he wants to
come more so because there's probably
things he wants to look at in the
electronics
yeah where's dad that's coming Hey look
over this way look at mommy
no what no what no what no just kidding
me the cold shoulder
but it's good to be home though I'll
just say that it's good to be home we
had a great time with family and now
it's time to prepare my sister up and
takes notice we're like I'm so excited
to see you and she's like two and a half
weeks or like oh my family gets here
we've got a lot to do and get done
finally
I've come to a decision we will be
decorating outside with
the debate was between the giant
inflatable Santa or the two are like the
smaller critters Calico Critters Santa
so I asked you guys on Twitter I said
what should we get this or that and here
was the response AAA BBB AAA AAA BBB AAA
just do it actual pull no just you can't
do that with pictures fun but most
people say we should get the little
critters and name okay let's do it
we're doing it
well snowman in a reindeer and a hanging
Santa these pretty much cost the same as
fake Santa
so that's why we said yeah either our
and this kids ready to go and I'm ready
to go hey is this a lot of snow yeah do
you like walking in the snow snow you
say snow it's very dry snow it's like
powder what
we were out for a walk because I was
tired of being inside and 20 some fresh
air before it's too dark and too cold
I said it's 32 degrees but it feels like
it's like tip 15 10 it's freezing out
here
oh god I mean all that snow gear the
only God's new put on are the orange
pair that belong to tail he will not put
any of those on he got one one of the
orange ones wet so I made him put on a
different one and he was so mad he only
likes the orange ones so that's me the
ones travel this winter is a game this
kid it will waterproof gloves hi do you
like the snow I still can't quite get
over this kid in his snow buddy I just
candle it looks like he's going
snowboarding or something it's so cute a
little baggy snow pants boy where you
going
where we gonna go so cute he insisted on
a swing ride although it is freezing and
I'm like no it's too windy it's cold are
you happy are you so happy on the swing
crazy boy
yeah snow suit boy
I mean family have been talking about
how fun it is that Noah is like really
understanding oh I can't read you one is
that he's like starting to understand a
lot more I see daddy
I see daddy so excited yeah well you
bring a hat or gloves or anything when I
was about to say though is how we've
talked about like Noah is understanding
and like responds oh yeah we can talk to
him like a mental and he like nods and
takes noises no no no really if you ask
him a question he will like I'll answer
the question correctly normally like by
nodding or shaking his head and it's
awesome and we might have just had a
minor fasco getting stuck in this wing
pants are so wide and fluffy that they
just got stuck is it a reindeer okay say
hi to the reindeer Oh
over/under how many days will the
reindeer last is that cord stem yeah
what'd you name him he's not Rudolph oh
it's uh guys no man - and I want like
out here so yeah that's so cute
cool sorry Trish you're just gonna die
when they see the inflatables outside of
our house now no what is that is that so
cool is the reindeer growing
we weren't allowed to have any mini Glo
figurines actually my parents finally
got us just this one little second baby
just with it like them they just thought
they were so tacky
well yeah that's what I love it saying
they aren't but you know when parents
sometimes I do things different than
their parents cause like oh this is a
job I wasn't this is one of those
moments I can buy my own inflatable I've
always always always wanted inflatable
things in front of my house because I am
tacky like that oh yeah yes look at this
it's so funny we'll have to see if tale
can come over and play I've been giving
my neighbor's hassle for not putting up
the tree yet because I'm like it takes
three steps it's fake cuz ours you just
click in three pieces
there's at the clip in every single leaf
what is this life no wonder they haven't
put up this tree I want to put up this
tree either Christmas is an ordeal for
you guys goodness oh I found an ornament
this toffee from second grade
cuz you get a fig tree gonna think truth
is all connected Trish I love ya but
this is a little crazy they're all
laughing at me I tell them secret about
you surprise no secret Bryson's tattoo
brother and Tails brother he's just
never the videos cuz he's always at
school are singing because he likes to
sing I just hear him from the house
singing all the time the creepy face in
the background of the picture of the
boys in the doorway do you have
stockings for Christmas can you see
yourself hi
it may have been here today and we're
trying to build the tree before Trish
comes home she's in the garage
that's a really big fence well this is
like the shortest after extension cord I
could get yeah but it's always good to
have a long one I don't have any outdoor
extension cords okay I'll show you what
I got here then we move the autumn and
he still finds a way from that make it a
disaster there look it this is so we can
hook up everything outside then I got
this this is like on sale a wireless
indoor/outdoor remote control oh one all
the lights are hooked on I can be like
okay well I probably didn't know that
but there's actually any time I spend so
much time there looking at all the
different light options because once we
live in a house we have to decorate it
with lots of lights music choreographed
oh it's gonna be good he wants to have a
house that the trolley stops at yeah
anyway what I'm gonna say is I was I was
like finishing up the tree and spotted a
sneaky someone by the way by the way
what oh oh
every night I spotted a sneaky someone
that it says that it's Harold wait that
weren't it does yes or mrs. Harold on it
so I think he chose his name I guess our
elf is named Harold and we're twins
oh it's a picture of my phone to send to
Ally because my bump is just like and
for my amount of space on my phone
anyway I will random question for you
guys it was my family
only family that put the candy canes on
the Christmas tree cuz I feel like
people don't do it anymore I think I was
ready to put them on there I was like
tough with kids because then they taken
my hiya Danny on this lower region yeah
yeah yeah so he just thinks it's like
it's way cool it is maybe you should
wait til the end of Christmas right
until Christmas date to eat them off
dude are you still feeling some type of
way
no he's those molars coming in chewing
all day I wish we get you a good angle
the molars are just like Foley just
looks painful
yeah you wanna show us your teeth yeah
like look he's still chewing yeah Harold
it is we have Harold the elf watching
over our house
not cocky though not creepy at all
that's like the creepiest song they're
different he sees you and your sleep hey
who's out there the daddy-o
don't close Tommy no yeah okay here we
go
ready which aren't that arms out ready
catch it
oh it's so good dude your reaction time
is arms out
ready catch it oh good throw boom
okay hey Oh time to boom the red ball
guys this is the moment I've dreamed of
it's not much but we are playing catch
are you pooping oh dude nice arm pants
huh like nothing now okay I wanna seem
right
silly mommy he had some before I pulled
the camera to like that's good
catching kick technique because it kind
of just like falls in on me but he like
it hit him and he was like really
oh my gosh with my son with your one and
a half year old son not for this time
cuz that good scream right now to you
I'm currently driving home from the
tricks in store right now I just swung
over because there's been a ton of
orders coming in
helping out with what I could Aaron just
recently got a crock-pot I think was
like a housewarming gift
no it's for his birthday I think I'm not
sure anyways he's super excited and he
made like his mom's recipe of something
and I'm starving right now
I texted Jenna while go and before I
left she was like falling asleep so I
think she's asleep so I'm gonna swing by
and see what this crock pots all about I
love me a good crock pot meal oh wow
what do you call this crock pot what's
your mom's what's your mom's first name
Stacey Stacey's chicken that simple this
is like a friend's Thanksgiving you grow
hair like at your job is trap tellers
model Tate model Ford model agency I
must say Stacey's chicken is quite there
you might think that salsa it's actually
a red chili paste
it's been a good day it's time for bed
Jen and I and the boys are probably
gonna do like white elephant
coming up I think it'll be kind of fun
we might do Secret Santa although I've
actually gotten gifts for most of the
guys I just can't show you guys until
Christmas because then it would give it
away we also talked about going to the
ice sculptures temple lights there's
just so much to do in December I really
want to go ice skating Jenna and I did
that like almost two years ago oh that's
crazy how much time flies I hope you
guys had a fun time watching today and
had a great day yourself we'll see you
tomorrow
peace tell me that snow
I will be happy I'm gonna be knowing you
like this no you better believe it you
better believe it
I also think that for sure we should
play by face this week
