we married and there's tons of mail
including this sweet sweatshirt that I
got a oh we missed you did you miss us
he miss Jenica
we're leaving we're leaving Noah guys
there's the Blake O'Neill up there he's
on our flight too it's always fun to get
on a plane with a kid
so it's a new adventure he's eating
McDonald's so much right now I'm loving
it and we're about to board this boom
know what we're back and we stopped at
the gas station to get gas because we
were out of gas
by some fun drinks
beautiful we got Noah fun drinks both us
I'm like I forgot how beautiful it is
this
with the grossest part you talk but like
just forgot how beautiful they are in
snow on them because we haven't seen him
in like a year
release of its best
and for you but when we're playing it
around for very pretty covered in snow
crazy plate no fell asleep the 10
don't you love that it's like you're
like praying for the baby or your child
fall asleep or you're so tired so tired
like two hours in like an hour into the
trip feels like tired and just give it
just give it and fall asleep
well even but what time did spider-man
make my kids drinking from the
spider-man spider-man oh you got me
we made egg and there's tons of mail
including this sweet sweatshirt that I
got ah Charles analogies little holiday
sweatshirt it's pretty cool okay oh we
missed you did you miss us he missed
Jenica he did whose birthdays on Friday
your birthday this Friday for I can't 36
hey are we invited to your birthday
party who else is invited Shay Carl oh
my goodness this is kind of cool we left
these flowers here
and they're like still alive and they
drink all the water so David you were
supposed to water those I'm just kidding
we didn't tell them to do that that's
actually pretty sweet a week without us
and they're still they still look
beautiful just like how we left him this
is about like everything I got on Black
Friday I ordered it on bestbuy.com some
more of the Rings and Hobbit blu-rays I
haven't seen any of the Hobbit movies so
since it's cold outside we gotta have
some movie night we also have to do Pie
Face this week we tried to get that in
Illinois and it was impossible people
were like camping out for it it was sold
out everywhere
I thought we would just be able to pick
one up out there because I wanted to
play with my family wasn't the case so
you ready no we're playing this week
toad you want to play pie-faced yeah
okay yeah of course okay Noah thanks for
traveling like a champ we woke up at
6:00 today
left for the airport by 7 have been in a
car or plane sitting there strapped
pretty much all day I know has been
confined to a small space which is not
who he is still light outside yeah it'll
be dark soon because that's just what
winter is and we're already outside and
it was got his mins on his big snow
pants and he's laying in the snow we're
exhausted
show me that snow
no I do you like this now
he's loving it I just scooping it up
come on man why you gotta be like that
he saw - you're doing a snow angel he's
like I'm gonna try that out that's
pretty sweet oh no no I was gonna try
doing okay just isn't the same for you
uh-oh
I am exhausted I just went to the store
we didn't have any groceries so I got
some stuff for dinner and lots of fruit
because all Noah will eat lately his
fruit
well he'll eat anything but he's loving
oranges clementines bananas he's
basically a tropical anima dinner
tonight is broccoli chicken and potatoes
and someone already ate all their
chicken but didn't eat their broccoli a
lot going on we got no one in the house
practicing his shots
no one can I get an interview please sir
come here please
honey please he's gonna serve it how do
you feel about being home well I know
you've been working on your couch let's
show the world what do you really have
no baby no it's okay I'm okay how do you
feel now
oh goodness
Oh ready 1 2 you sound like a dying
chicken or something
buckets Noah buckets I'm up he's cute
Oh seriously you sound like you'd have a
great radio voice for sports there you
go Jean hey you know one I feel like a
walking zombie on the airplane she was
holding she's hoping Noah just like stay
calm
she's holding the iPad out and then she
would just start to like drift down and
no would look at her and be like mom
we've got because I like hold it and I
just was getting so sleepy and then you
know like you just like drop whatever
you're holding but you say why don't you
hold it Sam which is you are I didn't
multiple times and every time I went to
grab it while you were asleep no it was
like no I'm waking up mom
and she's holding so he would like push
you on the arm oh I was like I couldn't
I couldn't stop falling asleep I don't
know why did you have a good dinner
can you think it's a song yeah think
it's a song ain't gonna my harmonica you
sing us a song
he really got the hang of the harmonica
last today yeah
you're just very entertaining right now
drops the mic and shoots a hoop
drop the mic and shoot a hoop also I'm
pretty sure Tyler or someone made fun of
me for wearing these in November now I
can officially wear them and no one can
say anything I'm probably nowhere
tomorrow - oh oh good shot
or no dessert for you boom done we're
warmed up they've literally been at it
Lucky's see but and we're not forcing
him to do this this is what he's wanting
to do oh you want to see what happens if
I don't let him do this
oh yeah but he'll get hollering nice
Bank nice three nestled just behinds if
I don't let him do cuz there's how much
you get ready
just the mean guy he goes and finds a
new ball
oh they're balls under there Oh fine dad
takes that ball let's just go get one of
the other hundred balls I have here yeah
he really likes throwing this one
because it has a nice grip that dark one
that the Dirk movie that we're watching
that inspired survivor night cheats oh
whoa dad chocolate place we went to and
they have like different doughnuts wow
that looks like cake has like a
strawberry or raspberry glaze and I
actually got some of my finger and it's
delicious it is prettiest bus hazelnut
and it's hot
you got a hazelnut one for me you said
you didn't want hot chocolate no I
didn't think you were gonna get hey lil
not it Davidian pretty is an
understatement cheers the survivor
episode
yes sir Stan's mom said though we had a
successful day traveling home successful
night watching survivor although we're
not we're not very happy about it
we'll just say that much and then we'll
watch the Amazing Race and Sam slips so
it's been a good night anyway we hope
you guys had a fun holiday week with
your family and now let's get ready for
Christmas stay good night
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood this was the other
thing I got him Black Friday I got these
cables they're like a dollar
we always need extra phone cables I got
this charger from Amazon I think it's
clever because it says happy question
mark and then you open it up and there's
options and then on the back not happy
and then you have instructions on what
to do it's pretty clever
