are you pointing at me
what is that who is that huh what's his
name
we don't know
good day my son are you having a good
day
did someone spoil you with the Kree Sun
Oh Cheers
I like your little collection of toys up
here the puzzle makers are still at it
in the final hours and minutes okay I
think it's done okay we have just the
bottom and so hard so hard I tell you
how many hours have been put into this
puzzle you think of ever that's funny
because I've been putting in at least
like five a night is this the hardest
puzzle you've ever done for me yes papa
yes didn't we do a thousand-piece one we
did a turkey one this is just as I did
with this one look at this they're old
they just all look like the same house
you really have to find you can't just
go off the color you have to like
anything climate follow I can find this
one but you can't find it do you see Hey
look around do you see anything
different in the kitchen
I think someone followed us from our
home do you ceiling Oh with you pointing
at what is that oh what's his name we
don't know is when yeah is that a turkey
and an elf yeah
oh don't touch him you can't touch him
no I can't no touching no touching or he
loses he'll lose his magic yeah he's
gonna watch you now make sure you're a
good boy our Santa's gonna hear about it
hey what should we call him mom wants to
call him nuts right I'm kind of like
beat though
creepy creepy I've just said that I kind
of want to call creepy over CP or
peeping tom
yeah do you see him put there so speak
idiot not crazy
everybody is greevey uh-huh okay every
single day when we when we wake up we're
gonna try and find him okay we're gonna
try and find him see where these matter
you got you gotta be a good boy
understand it's gonna hear about it I
like nuts though I like know why not cuz
it's just I don't know okay creepy be
fine okay no really
okay here's the deal we need to name our
elf on the shelf
what should we name him Jen says nuts I
say creepy Pete but come up with in name
a better name than one lows and we might
actually use it like a nice which one
contact Gunther is with a Dan hope I
suggested Gunther
mmm-hmm Chauncey that was actually
Chelsea why didn't she call Chauncey
yeah Frederick hmm you're so good at
coming up with names these days no I'm
not hey you are what do you mean baby
names isn't naming an elf like the same
thing no mom what would you name them
give us a name now ah is it a man yeah
and I would name him Jeff Harold Harold
hark the herald angels sing' yes Jeff oh
yeah that's a good one too kinda like
Harold right Harold hark the herald hark
the herald angels sing' yeah yep are you
in your own little chair over there
excited to sit a bit hey screech there
yeah maybe we got a game of Boosters I
feel like he's been sitting at the table
with us every night I feel like I'm
gonna get home he's not gonna want to
sit in his highchair I have to get a
booster seat look how cute this little
vintage booster seat is I love that one
tell me I want to say something else
to cool things and my mom showed me
today she has like a collection over
here of oh it's clear now nevermind
she's eating it ready for Christmas
mm-hmm the first being this no I'm just
gonna cut the Technic this little what
would you call this like a little um
teapot no no it's like a picture I
thought it was her huh it says World's
Fair on it
remember the World's Fair uh-huh I'm
learning about it Optum and then I kind
of realized that maybe like the Olympics
there's something like that took the
place I historian out there let me know
why the World's Fair stopped this is
from the Chicago 1933 World's Fair
Wow when I think was my
great-grandparents went to it
in Chicago how cool is it that we ended
up living here growing up here mm-hmm
it's like something you'd get as excited
yet from something and usually souvenirs
are just like it's so funny that's a
little it's like let's get this little
picture how cool is that it's so cool
World's Fair 1933 in Chicago that's cool
guy kind of foreshadowing our family's
future also this is a ledger from my
great grandparents store that they had
they had a clothing shop that's really
nice and this is where they go shopping
Bergen City yeah this is like 19 I don't
see you like the 36 37 38 there's like a
check these are all like the
transactions and things right they still
wrote it all down like that isn't that
awesome
that is so cool I just think it's so
neat thank you because now you're we are
a part of a story on your family I'd
wonder like my my ancestors my close
ancestors my great-grandparents yes your
mom used to go to the store they had to
start - it's so cool cool history babe
tell us more about the shop we actually
went to it like what was that two
summers ago yeah maybe this winter but
now now it is an eye doctor yeah that's
kind of weird though we went in and we
all kind of felt emotional just feeling
the hard work so my grandfather hat it
was called ready-to-wear that's what
they called red clothes
because I guess people so it's sort of
not being ready to her yeah you just
went in and it was women's all that was
close but before he had his store he was
a shoe salesman and he even traveled
around the United States selling shoes
so some this is the ledger from the
store and I think when he was on the
road because I see things like st. Paul
Minnesota and like Kansas City Missouri
and here some that's a long way to
travel back there to central shoe
company st. Louis and some of those
dates are like the 1937 yeah right yeah
so I think he sold shoes before he
opened his store ah but you know he had
two daughters one being my mom and they
were always the best dressed in town as
well as his wife because they were at an
example of the clothes from this one
clothes getting clothes was different
then yeah you didn't have Instagram
butene Amazon all the stores that you
have today well you could just order
anything out mine that's why I like
shoes so much right that's my clothes it
was really fun video to store and we
would he died when I was 8 years old so
I could never fit into anything that he
had in the story mm-hmm but we were just
walking there like we owned the place we
were just so proud of him and he was
right on Main Street I was kind of like
the nice place in town right yeah and he
his shop girls were always you know they
had like French twist and heels a little
yeah and they would help them in he had
a big cash register and pretty cool
stuff
we're headed to Portillo's a family
favorite one of my favorites one thing I
always create when I'm back home plus
it's air-conditioned as it says this
sign right here just what you want in
the cold weather
hey boys eh all right wait where do
those go Oh Christmas night amongst us
yes
oh yeah we're locking leased it down
there oh oh are those heavy babe yes
really how heavy no longer jack work out
watch out watch your head no okay we
just got back from dinner now you're
exchanging Thanksgiving for Christmas
goodbye Thanksgiving goodbye Turkey's
makes me three days three days in the
box
goodbye turkeys a little turkey puppets
Oh candy and hello Christmas time this
is Christmas right here Christmas and
net decorations it takes me three days
what's the news wait what's the news
let's see that picture
Oh Coco Courtney just found out today
that she's having a girl and they are
due around the same exact time is Jen so
super close together and both girls
pretty awesome you don't need a puzzle
you're good to do it I got one piece in
I helped I helped do this puzzle oh I
did didn't want let me grab any I just
had a roll and I just we just finished
the table just now all the pieces are
here
oh no right
a major role and just found them all
don't you dare attempt to put the last
piece of a puzzle in everyone's gonna be
so shocked yeah we did amazing Jimmy's
on it's that time trip where we pack
oh crap and say see you later goodbye
goodbye goodbye wait you what what what
you have weight you are you are we're
heading home tomorrow we got to start
getting ready for everyone coming to our
house because we need to have a great
Christmas we got plan activities perhaps
Nanak reorganize the house make room for
everyone
can it be like a lot of them flowing
process well we got three weeks
luckily I'm gonna decorate lights
outside I did not get the 12-foot
inflatable Santa well I'm the 12-foot
was on sale for Black Friday cheaper
than the seven-foot well we'll just see
what's left over at Walmart
we're really excited that we had such a
fun time here we love coming to Chicago
be with family friends I was just
telling Sam it's so cool that Noah's
been able to with my family and seems
family so like close together in time
cuz he just remembers everyone now so
it's been really fun to be with everyone
and my sisters having a baby girl yes so
ours girly girls her girl I mean man I
really think I know what we're gonna
name this baby we'll see about that
crazy people a lot of family members
have been saying that name all week but
I really like it we'll see we need to
let it it's summer
okay well it's number one as of right
now but you gather wish you knew what it
was I like it that I need to love it you
yeah I love it I'm the love stage hmm
commitment right there
we leave early early tomorrow so we'll
see you then ie
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood feels good to be
sixteen years old again
