this is what happens when you're one
minute almost one and a half year old
doesn't want help with yogurt anymore
you look like santa you wanna let mommy
help you would you say nope I had to eat
my yogurt all by myself and get yogurt
all over myself and my face yeah you
literally refuse to let me help him
hating yogurt it's quiet this morning on
we're going to nap nap grill and I'm so
excited I just can't had it last time
right here it was warm outside we had
outside the river here was like
overflowing now it's freezing so we're
gonna eat inside and hopefully some
lunch no injuries are like last time
there's a machine that cuts the meat
automatically
buggy
mr. boogie house again delicious
delicious as always I remembered it no I
liked it too
how was your lunch good Lisa just as
good as you remembered
so crazy man great lunch food was
delicious I think it hummus you're right
I did see a video sandwich less than
watch that a rice bowl no you're
supposed to get a helmet put the rice on
top my breath is kickin now since we're
going somewhere tonight that's favors
mean more than you even though I know
you enjoyed it I have an idea I wanted
to do this like get this thing online
let's go see if they have no sir yeah
but is no what pretty great sephora okay
oh my god it's cuz it laying those
advent calendars make a month yeah now
that they're so expensive babe I really
wanted to get with you one last year I
know but they're really expensive it's
like it makes more sense to just buy me
I think it'd be fun it'd be fun to be
fun come on I want you to each day open
up something a little fun like that
they're just little people okay so see
if they rock at him ok they have a
headless idea weeks ago someone tweeted
me and reminded me and then I was like
well there's a Sephora in town let's
just go look and it's almost the summer
first let's see what's today the 30th so
you're watching this it's December first
tomorrow if we get cry now you will open
let's just go check it out I guess
so we're here to update you they don't
have my cologne which I've been looking
for everywhere I'm not mine Marc Jacobs
men and they have one of the calendars
that's not the one generous thinking of
so we're gonna go out anything unless
you wanna get something no
we love you Mimi good boy no one knows
something's going on he sees us getting
dressed and freaking out crying not
crying fest whining hey and why we are
the most fun people on earth that's true
who wouldn't want to be a kamian time
it's true we raised the most fun dad on
earth that's true hey high fives you
make a boy yeah yeah we can do it yeah
yeah you can do it yeah let's go out
some paw Patrol we love you I've decided
it's a lot easier to leave a little baby
that's a babysitter than it is to leave
my toddler because he knows and he gets
so sad he's like where's mom and dad
going I got so much more attached to you
oh my gosh yeah you he knew why had I
had been prepping him all day like we
knew like all right I know bus would not
be blindsided we're gonna go yes
good for tonight you understood but it's
still really sad we're heading on a fun
little date into the city we're going to
a Bulls game Bulls get excited I'm
really excited let me really usually go
to about one maybe two games a year so
this will be pretty us now haven't any
this to your humble did we go to one
together last year
Thank You Rudy machine
guys we made it to the game the weather
was crazy the roads were crazy fun to
traffic over in our scene
because he s seats behind us see the
tickets now we're just waiting for the
game to begin oh I'm so excited
oh boy Oh
oh my gosh okie
jumping on me
how could fall is a very large man
he's a very large man
I really the larger family and Duncan
are very large men here so tall here we
are at times been watching their photo
shoot 40
it's like and what
and in our master
you can really see how I
bigger
yep
you shooting people with Phillies during
its really one they don't know keep
shooting people many keep shooting
people Benny I wish you to the rap and
the bum with silly string shoot someone
Benny
my god just saying it's a game oh my
gosh so funny
first mascot in the world he's trying to
be going all the woman they race around
the track
no coffee
going
way too much
half court behind the back
as Carlos
Oh
there we go
up by one
18 seconds up by one
go Jimmy go Jimmy
there we go
Oh
Oh
we weren't won we won we won I think the
Bulls are undefeated when Jenna mayor
the game together is that true maybe I
think so we've had a lot of good time at
bulls game sealer yeah I'm doing I in
center I was feeling really good one
with your parents a long time yeah that
was crazy that was around Thanksgiving
or Christmas and then the game in Utah
was really fun that we went to to
remember that remember the players and
Jen was like heckling all the jazz
players and their shooting free throws
and people in the crowd reading so mad
they pass out those little like sticks
at you bein together and Jen was doing
it during the Jazz free throws and
everyone was like what deck shot that
girl as the jasber miss you it was
awesome proud moment when I knew it
really made the right decision oh gosh
it's embarrassing thing about yeah it
was awesome Jen's a good sport love to
get you that advent calendar online no I
don't need an ivan kalin most selfless
person I know no right here no she's
really not see us tomorrow yes anything
you can reach if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood update
on the puzzle it's looking pretty good
Jen did work I think my dad added a
couple pieces someone tweeted me a
picture that there was a like edge piece
here and i went to show Jen but she
actually found it already so it's
looking good I think she might actually
get it tomorrow before we go
