 you guys miss you bye
what's up YouTube BAM I am in the
bathroom that I grew up and this is in
my house one thing I never really
realized about this bathroom that was
weird until I moved out whether we have
a black bathtub black ground and a black
toilet so like when you pee in it can't
tell if you're hydrated or not because
it's just black it's kind of weird when
you think about it but my mom did a good
job decorating in here you know practice
makes perfect
you're most likely watching this at
Cyber Monday and your Pelle trying to
find some good deals online well I have
the perfect deal for you today I have a
brand new Harry's gift set that I'm very
excited about I'm crouching down for
this one
oh there's like my favorite thing in the
world to do take off the plastic off of
the new stuff anyone else straight
classy everything looking nice I took
this out of the cardboard box so they
sent it in I'm super excited about this
travel case because when I travel I
usually just put Kleenex and things
around my toothbrush I don't really have
a nice bag to put everything in so this
would be perfect
also got some aftershave lotion some
daily face wash which I'm excited about
because I love peppermint and things I'm
sitting here trying to smell it and I
just notice that there's like a seal
that's nice don't you guys want the full
benefits
oh and classic gem line then I got this
special limited edition winter Winston
set yes ready for this
tips for shaving a little travel guard
case which I love that's like the only
nice thing I had when traveling now I
have a bag just great
get some refill cartridges shave cream
with the option of gel but I got shave
cream this is nice it's got a nice
weight to it it's like a rose gold
copper however you want to describe it
on the back you can get an engraving if
you want like someone's name beautiful
feels very nice next
the shave cream that must be the secret
I feel like this has peppermint in it -
hello trusty assistant so I've been
grabbed my mustache out and I talked to
Jen and I said hey I think it's time to
shave it November is almost over and
what did you say you gotta go to a
Christmas
I'm not going to funny I'll go to that
door November
you've got to dye it one more time diet
what we're doing
yeah Merrill a couple Christmases ago it
was just so funny
do you like my beards no I mean it's not
that disgusting look at all right what
color would you think that is rose gold
see yeah I knew you would say rose gold
I would say copper it smells good six
and a half hours late I'm keeping the
mustache till I get home
because mustaches are a Chicago thing
they bring our sports teams good luck
given that it's probably Cyber Monday
and you're watching this then this is
the perfect gift for the holidays trust
me I've given it to my father-in-law and
he enjoyed it I'm probably gonna get
some more for the guys spoiler if you're
in my family stop watching this I'm
probably gonna get some for the guys for
Christmas stocking stuffers super easy
super good
these kits start at $15 using my coats
Amica you get five dollars off the
entire kit - so it's even cheaper
they're just nice there's this free
quality it's like the apple of racers
saving the rose gold the copper whatever
you want to call it you can personalize
it put a message in like a card for the
holidays don't you like using this down
I do indeed
let's see should I run your face see
look it didn't has no hair in her face
I'm just kidding she doesn't use it on
her face Thanks but really I love these
sets I wanna hook you guys up
use the coats Amica five dollars off
really
get in time for Christmas that's dense
jingle sometimes you don't know what to
get someone for Christmas and this is
just the perfect way to knock that out
I'll put a link in the description you
can check it out let me know what you
think get your dad something nice if you
get Penman in this year a pen when
you're out whenever pen are you seeing
my dad nose hair trimmers no no come
over here we put a pumpkin look it's hat
dad your hat looks great do we know I'll
come reek with Daphne got a little hat
on your hat
pick up your week good job well he had a
cupcake that he tossed in there hey are
you going home with the cousins I need
to go home to Kentucky okay I'll miss
you
you better write me you better FaceTime
me every night I'm gonna miss you okay
see you later
he's decided he wants to go home with
you guys he's gonna miss you guys I'm
gonna miss your cousin's seeing my son
I'm gonna mess up I'm gonna miss this
face back here give her kisses
Oh we're gonna miss you dad say bye-bye
oh that's so nice you too thanks for
making them you guys bye say bye bye
miss you well yeah uh-huh
your cousins are gone now what are you
gonna do
we've been having this back-and-forth
you know the energy we can before the
night time gotta get it all out gotta
get it all that way the Cowboys ride
ribs are on the whole head that was
funny
so he's like on the ground
what are you laughing about
what are you laughing about okay put
your put it on that's the wrong foot but
you don't care
this is nuisance our trip shoulder shrug
so to shake like this no I like this do
your shoulder shake like this look it
yeah we don't I mean I'm telling him to
do it right now but he usually just goes
oh would you like that you little flirt
is it time to say purse caroms folded I
told myself I wasn't gonna do any more
of this puzzle and then I sat down and
did more of the puzzle I've got almost
the whole bottom border done and I've
got almost the sides complete and
there's like two pieces missing from the
top border there's two pieces I don't
know one piece missing from the bottom
border and they're so hard to find I
can't find the borders you think it'd be
easy to find a flat edge but even with
this puzzle this is literally the
hardest puzzle ever done my entire life
still had it I'm pretty fun that's
relaxing
no I'm enjoying fruit bar I need to find
that peace haha anyone see it
didn't one see that edge anyone see the
edge let me know if you see an edge
because I don't see any edges and
there's a lot of edge left
Jen's done a couple more pieces on the
puzzle I'm afraid we're gonna leave okay
she's put a couple hours into it tonight
very true I was working on editing some
photos and things my eyes are like dead
for hours we got a fun little date
tomorrow though I'm excited about it
we're gonna have a good lunch and then I
have another I have another idea
hopefully it works out it'll be kind of
a surprise for me
yeah you'll see nice you'll see Shh
yeah hopefully works that I'll see us
tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood what would you do if I
just want oh
or even better I just took some of these
and put them in my pocket I'll kill you
I'll kill you no you wouldn't
