good morning sweet world i'm samantha
from michigan and you're watching sanika
vlogs
Wow hey what'd you say Jen I keep
reading a film from just having fun what
he is about to do right now you have
some serious berkel berkel there's a lot
of noises as I edit these vlogs I
realize how loud it is here and how
messy can get sometimes too man someone
said it's like a daycare over here it's
like a bomb I tell ya oh mama beloved
though mama club we played monopoly over
here now we're playing qwirkle what else
are you played today GOC the peanuts
movie how was that okay good oh you've
read a most important thing the national
dog show national lon cho all my
christmas and wait for some white
Christmas you to watch over name cuz
we're going to learn student you're
going I have about four hours to see
part 1 i'm only five minutes in right
now i'm watching football I'm watching
football right now my laptop Silas is
making a course over here super mario
maker alright dude you have to make this
course so hard that I can't beat it
that's your challenge do you accept okay
I'm gonna try it later and record it see
how I do okay don't put too many
Bowser's
Daphne made a super hard course earlier
but I beat it can you can you help them
can you help him find what he's looking
for a real quick Daphne's an expert at
that and I'm watching college football
some of my favorite teams are playing
right now it's like rivalry rivalry week
it's pretty cool meanwhile Noah has just
loved having everywhere to explore what
are you doing now ah what is that can
you show me you wanna go show mommy okay
let me close this bathroom door real
quick okay cuz we don't want you going
in there okay let's go I'll take it
downstairs can you hold that with one
hand Oh daddy delivery let's go Oh show
me show me what you got Oh what was that
this is the world made by Silas adapted
by Daphne I'm gonna play right now and
from the TV supposed to be the hardest
rug alright that's what he said hardest
role ever right arts world
hey no no das das das soft hey go pitch
black coolers yeah the coop not yours
hey no one will see your binoculars but
zubin off you yeah what you got it
backwards it's my little far away oh wow
careful looks are you missing look
through them look through them oh cool
dude yeah are you explore are you an
explorer dora the explorer pop quiz well
the strawberry snow raspberries yes
strawberries tomatoes raspberries Apple
Oh where's bananas yeah all right let's
see where's the duck where's the drebber
ducky you see it where is it and then go
that one not good at the duck yeah
feeling good a few on each page she's
like give up the food kitty where's the
kitty where's the cat where is it Oh
about a car type of cat yeah whipper
parts the pumpkin pumpkin yeah good job
buddy
Oh goldfish oh hey you done he's done
pretty good reading sesh I have like 30
more minutes left in the movie I've been
trying to hang out enjoy his company
while keeping this one year because this
is the one book I didn't read right so
I've no clue what's going on I'm
enjoying the line I honestly don't
remember last happy so to be good the
last movie that I saw in theaters was
for like a movie and that was two years
ago Oh making am like forcing or else
when it comes to the first place I'll be
fun now will be funding of the moon's
your bridgeless run a little date it's
kinda for me to me we're meeting up with
family right we just put know it asleep
and now we're in bed TJ back do I have
finished the movie so I'm all caught up
and I usually like to read the book
before it but never view will do yep I
just thought so I'm like in it like I'm
ready for the night and I'm kind of wish
I would have watched it with you cuz I'm
like shoe I don't care what happened
last night or something I know cuz one's
missing the same thing but we're excited
we the other like Courtney and riley and
lindsey and Nate left early but we
didn't want to give I put some
supermarket occur but yeah the kids cuz
they were kind of like help children
so I was like you sir let's play some
mario mate yeah Sam really good with the
kids and like calming them down so that
was great and then we wanted to help get
note about so then so that seems person
have to worry about that as well which
was good and he went down pretty easy so
so we just got show often we just gotta
hope they got her sheets and you gotta
get some popcorn yeah we do not a big
one no really although nothing
thoughtful I may or may not be sneaking
in a drink and a water and it's me
really fun really excited about water I
feel like we should like go get a treat
after this there's not enough to
eventually what do you think it was a
interesting it was I hadn't read that
book like I said already that was pretty
predictable I'm not gonna give anything
away well I mean the book it was a
little predictable Arizona might where
we thought it was all like Harry Potter
to yeah very Harry Potter a smells like
awesome bro you're both like I literally
almost started crying like not even
joking my throat got all like choked up
and it's like oh I haven't like one of
the cry like this is moving a while or
something like that being a parent's
often to being a parent and like the
world yeah seriously oh man but I
enjoyed it was like a good week a fun
film to watch Owen I don't need to see
it again right I kind of weird that like
the whole the whole thing is over the
other games is over like even Lindsey
was saying that it's pretty accurate
with the book from what I remembered of
it I remembered it being like good lady
oh well proper date chivalry is my dad
ladies chivalry is not dead um I enjoyed
it though I think it's definitely worth
the watch you know so cold yeah it's
cold tonight goodness anyway he was a
friend date and
but I must say though what's her name
coins coin president coin or whatever
the lady she makes gray hair look
awesome and most great highlights in the
front I was like oh girl anyway it was
fun I had a fun time with you she was
def enough good a little cheeky or
something do on actually no it's 1030
I'm tired yeah it was like anybody yeah
and we had weed candy in there and I was
like starting to fall asleep and it was
like pretty intense tune so I just
started eating candy yeah I just Anton
someone like kicked the kid behind me he
got scared so many times you kept
kicking my chair like jumping it was
good though like the action John Waters
I would be like like well because I
hiding her face at times I feel like
getting too jumpy like I just heard my
baby yeah that an excuse excuse how goes
the puzzle sir I feel like this was a
poor choice of a puzzle I knew it the
minute I walked in we've made some
progress a lot of people say if they do
the border first you know kind of set up
today yeah seriously as soon as i saw
this puzzle and how I like the white and
it and just the pieces I knew it'd be
tough well Stella star in the kitchen
tree right now yeah you look great see
here I'll be this far away my mom thinks
that at a certain time of the day she's
not presentable when I think she looks
great always from here honestly it looks
you look great like I can blow your face
out if you want I'm gonna butter your
face out
talk to us about talk to us about this
tree right here let's first look at it
okay so this is a Christmas tree that's
in the kitchen it's not the main tree Oh
shout out to my dog Chloe and look at
the little foxes he's no longer with
this Foxy's for foxy see there's diet
coke cans there's other born of
everything is sort of mainly food
granted yep okay so here's the story for
many many years we went down to do you
know this already else walnut room
mm-hmm and had dinner at Christmastime
and they have an enormous beautiful
Christmas tree and I love eating by a
Christmas tree and I used to always say
I wish we had a kitchen Christmas tree
because I love to eat by a Christmas
tree o Christmas I so after Christmas
one year what 10 years old maybe you me
was I only 10 thank you older I'd say 12
14 really I don't know was it really
will have to go back and check the tapes
ok 10 years old yeah it was after
Christmas and we weren't walgreens and
this little tree standing in the store
and there is little sign on it said five
dollars yeah no box no just sitting
there five dollars and say I'm said mom
hey we've got your Christmas your
kitchen o Christmas tree no seriously
you know I do remember that no idea I do
yes and then we quickly grabbed it
brought it home
I theories anigh think you were young
because I I feel like we put it in the
back of the station wagon hmm really
yeah not long ago yeah no no no no but
in the back of the van yeah which I'm
really just another lotion yes because I
always loved so so since we got the tree
I haven't had the desire lecture we've
never been back to go to the walnut room
eating would have never been bested by
the Christmas tree every night during
the month of December and if you're some
reason we decided to always put it up
for Thanksgiving it's the only Christmas
decoration that's up in our house during
thanksgiving we started that tradition
as well so as long as if I feel skinny
weekend but it is definitely my little
memory UCM because he said it was a good
memory I remember coming into the house
and everyone being like why that's the
best time to get a Christmas tree if you
feel like they're expensive like a fake
one wait until right when Christmas is
over because they go on sale
and Tina you get one in your own kitchen
anything you'll never eat if you choose
soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood neatza
imma beat side died
