good morning say good morning are you
skateboarding where's your skateboard oh
there's I think that's a little too
small for you just a little bit do a
kickflip oh not kind of it let's see can
you do a kick foot
nice nice word we need like four
skateboards like that
it gets dark it's so early here it's
like four o'clock no woke up from his
nap no this is a defense it's Ben's
where you're located in the time zone
too because if you're on the edge of it
either way it could be darker later
order it started our you know I'm saying
much better much better it's like good
eats look like Baba today has been quite
busy on this Black Friday going on I'm
actually like the guy on the tricks in
Macau being like BAM tweet here a
picture there a tweet here we just
dropped this brand new wine called the B
Union which is pretty freaking awesome
including the beanie that I've been
wearing lately I don't have it on right
now that's what I've been working on
today so I was up pretty early I was up
late last night and then Jen took Noah
over to the gym which I'm sad I missed
but he had a lot of fun
I'm just watching them play basketball
how do they shoot up their basketball
are they shooting hoops they shoot hoops
finds all of them soccer football and
basketball
now I'm blue what is up at the light
today we're gonna go have a little
family shindig eat pizza with my grandma
yo check out all this Pete
yeah we all family here Jen I just like
I was married never been this shot
before ever in his life hey we got tons
of pizza we got thin crust
we got deep dish whoo it's gonna be a
good night my mom hooked me up with some
spicy giardiniera subscribe tonight
just everything babies do too much body
heat in this
my mistress
we are on a special mission right excuse
me oh you're back
sugar hi Noah is in full of forest again
tonight we're gonna go spy on some
people where's the camera
grab the camera for me show me what the
camera looks like we're gonna use this
camera come here Daphne I can't see what
it is we're gonna use this Polaroid
camera has like a magnet on it and then
we're gonna connect it with our phone
ready yeah yay this is our other spy
we're all gonna go spy right now we have
walkie-talkies and special operative
cameras let's go I'll take you down
first though
we're gonna find them I just need to get
this mounting section camera to the wall
okay I'm gonna go put it up you filming
just don't keep your fingers away from
up here because that's where the
microphone is
where's your walkie-talkie where are
your walkie-talkie yeah we're spying you
want to come with that sounds like
poopies okay let's see wait Jimmy
what are they doing in there what are
they doing give me a report are they
watching football or what sure enough it
looks like they're watching football and
one of them is asleep or passed out a
lecture what football game is Aegina
reconnaissance work I know watching come
in space come in come in space again no
it's good oh my oh my they stopped
recording halfway are you guys sliding
on the stairs are you having ice cream
what is that is that cheese don't judge
me I've been very into these sticker
books I've been doing sticker books all
night
they aren't really cool this is like my
childhood dream of a sticker book yeah
I'm just documenting that I've just
really I'm just being a child tonight
and stickering in this look at I did
this page it's really cute I want to
find some it easier that way my children
you all had a wonderful didn't post
Thanksgiving Day it was really delicious
turkey sandwiches like I had a really
good Turkey today I had a salami swiss
cheese sandwich no I didn't eat turkey I
think you guys had all the good pieces
no I think you just Mike there's no
matter what it goes no no I had so many
mashed potatoes on Thanksgiving yeah I
have enough mashed potatoes to fill me
until Christmas which is perfect as you
guys saw we went to see my grandma
tonight she doesn't live at her house
anymore she's out like a center where
there's other people in her sort of
situation and it was crazy
we haven't seen some of our cousins in
years there's so many kids and they are
just running around and having fun and I
just enjoyed being at home because Noah
has definitely enjoyed being around kids
although tonight he was kind of like
different he was really shy yeah then he
had a lot of candy and not candy but
sugar but with his yeah he had like half
a spray cookies right so you like look
at it oh my gosh and it just gets me
excited about as our family grows bigger
and just being around family more often
I mean we need to have no laughter yeah
that mustache though I want to just
leave it till Christmas except for our
date I'm probably more excited than you
know like more centered around me
excited no I'm really excited we've
talked a lot this week about if you
could live anywhere in the United States
given the same condition same job same
everything you have
the same cost of living where would you
live because like as we grow older I
want to be closer to family so I'm
trying to figure out where everyone else
is gonna be so that one day we can move
here you know we'll see anyway we hope
you guys are having a fun weekend and
we'll see you later
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
