I have something really quick before the
vlog starts a lot of people have asked
me to relaunch this campaign so I just
did added some colors I even put a
little discount because you know the
whole Black Friday vibe and it ends in
two days so that anyone that wants it by
Christmas can get it okay so two days
eight hours you have until then I'll put
a link in the description if you want to
get a shirt and a lot of people still
look can you smell these pies can you
smell them Riley and this one's gonna be
banana cream we're currently about to
dress some best friends with stickers
while watching the parade now this
lovely will never shrimp is gonna be so
fancy Wow definitely grandma yeah Wow
hey fancy pants we do things fancy here
we do hors d'oeuvres over lunch and
watch football and then we have dinner
flowers after so double the wonderful I
don't know exam showed you this area yet
I'm so cute and the crackers there's
always crab but look at this year
through a little pilgrim crackers okay
they're so cute we've done a Christmas
house tour maybe we should do
Thanksgiving house tour because there's
just as many decorations for the
accumulator there are Christmas
let's sticker these people Naidu you
cousins like each other now are you
friends are you rocking together that's
so fun sticker sticker books they're so
fun it's like their pages and they're
empty and then we put the stickers on
the pages and it's really fun like we're
working on this beach scene right now
they give us the beach page and we
definitely will demonstrate she gets the
sticker she wants and then places it on
the page I'm gonna put some seagulls
place Eagle here and I see go oh man I'm
gonna put a seagull in her hair on her
head
see you on her head Happy Thanksgiving
the table is set for the appetizers
first round know what are you eating got
carrots
salami salsa crackers kind of nice this
right here this is always a highlight
right here fun drinks kids are getting
all their energy out now after having
their little appetizers they're running
around like wild weenie women so we've
had such a fun Thanksgiving craft day
first we made Thanksgiving turkey
puppets who else can you hold yourself
those are good are they so cute are we
gonna act out the turkey and the hunter
you like green very nice we thought this
was gonna be a really big challenge but
everyone did so well we all made teepees
I made that one and Silas made that
definition either one you made Noah
we made that one this is another one
that I made like that while it has
curtains so cute
tell us what's yours Silas made a feed
dude that is 16 and this one
Silas is dad me right look at that this
work very good they so cute and then you
this is mine it is the same akka tent
and this is the Sun with rays of light
coming out of it we did a good job I
thought they were gonna be hard and
everybody is such great job I love the
straws coming out of the top and the
colors next up and she is the village
this actually looks kind of like a
rooster like those are the eyes colors
exactly wait to see me pilgrim Sam makes
me be an Indian every time we don't
think seeing any guys you do say no I
want to be a pilgrim this year and so
this year I'm a pilgrim and look at how
awkward and it really itches me me and
baby are ready to eat
look at this look at this yeah I'm pot
what do you need pilgrim or Indian
Indian pilgrim pound it and uh Riley is
the one feathered Indian one feather
that's his name Raschi I'm just a
victory hey now you're cooking a big
turkey Wow
for vegan this is what your vegan yeah
that is that strictly for dad
oh no it's for everyone funk man an egg
not chicken broth Wow everyone
yeah yeah big turkey
hey turkey head yeah and Oh give us a
gobble gobble and here's what I did I
completed this last night it's very
difficult I enjoy myself echo in this
hat for a really really the best things
to ride my ass
chin action I've got going on since me
nervous gobble gobble
oh yeah in a wink Noah called where they
loves his cousin Daphne over there she's
so nice to him look same nope he doesn't
play with your toys gives the gobble
gobble Noah oh he looks all his cousins
look at that Riley just making them
laugh
beautiful beautiful that was me
gobble gobble oh come on i I just did
gobble gobble you chasing your mom's is
very very good she threw in a wheat
gobble gobble
yeah beautiful one should we have a
little Turkey Day dance Oh turkey day
man
let's get a beat you throw down a beat I
mean mr. beat DJ gobble gobble gobble
Wow look at the mound of mashed potatoes
looks beautiful Wow come over here know
what come sit down that you little
crackers yeah she put them right here to
look at this is how you doing people can
we put it all together you just mix it
together have the gravy bring it up it
looks great it's going down Happy
Thanksgiving my son you've done it again
mom robbery from a grandchild that has
broken the crystal glass before it so
you know I'm extremely nervous I want to
imagine how did you do it with my teeth
yes okay here's a joke a question okay
why was the Thanksgiving certain and
just a little 2000 years late why wasn't
Thanksgiving soup so expensive because
it had 24 carats yeah what happened when
the turkey got into a fight
we didn't get this one together you got
stop stop guts came out stuffing that's
nothing you know you got the stuffing
knocked out of them I missed the
beginning start over no you danced Noah
c'mon assist babe baby baby baby baby
baby
still playing still playing I'm catching
children in the air
it's not a real sink it's just a play
sink are you washing your hands yeah
but the waters not really gonna turn on
it's just a play sink how do you wash
your hands Oh show me show me how you
wash your hands rub your hands yeah I
give you a clue I don't say exactly what
it is but you cannot get down
this isn't bingo it's it's a traditional
dessert for Thanksgiving I am always
like growing at leaks I got it smokin in
the Canaries sometimes called a horn of
plenty it is used as a decoration is
usually full of I don't have three this
man our 16th president said thanks let's
see what the prizes are
doing what is something Oh
Native Americans yeah we got some zebras
on a solar dancing pilgrim xylophone for
noah uncured bacon ganache bar I'm
picking the xylophone for Noah here we
go
Noah look what I got you I won you in
xylophone excited all right let me open
it let me open it
say thank you to daddy think being put
on the ground sit on the ground
flip it over good job babe it's been a
day filled with food activities marked
IDs football with some editor orange
best for a little citrus in the city
bring the fanatic cranky with real
energy supply good free pumpkin and
regular pop again and who made them all
the sugar has hit the bloodstream
already hey sugar kid oh sorry
did you have a good Thanksgiving okay
let's go
so I'm sweating right now we left the
house it's like 10 o'clock right now and
we decided we'd check out the target
that's near our house because they are
doing a sale for kids clothes all
clothes actually for 40% off so we're
getting Noah his winter clothes right
now
winter jammies I kind of need to be
appropriate to maybe get something for
the little girl as well do you want to
get something yeah this is the only
thing I got I got this for myself
because it's gonna be like six dollars
or five dollars new member ducktales yes
Noah spoiled rotten no like look at all
this stuff
Mickey look at that little outfit you
should just get one thing guy get
something with a little baby girl get
the new brand leggings see now that you
can finally do this now you don't want
to oh it's going down it's going down
what do you got gobble-gobble
we have been named that was a perfect
Thanksgiving great company great food
the Bears won I had a lot of Packers
fans you know send me tweets all day
like all we're gonna destroy the Bears
and I you know I didn't say anything
because it was a good possibility but we
pulled it up I don't know how they did
that if they did go bears and go family
and go food and friends and it was just
all-around great day still got a couple
more days here done I have a fun date
night plan to do not tomorrow but very
soon it's me I'm really
it'll be fun we hope you guys have fun
time with your families even if you
depart celebrating Thanksgiving
we had a great day see yes tomorrow
gobble gobble
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood name five things
you're thankful for this year was easy
five Sam Noah baby sister family but
okay survivor survivor which watched
that sitov survivor - Wow great season
great season
