Hey
are you in the snow don't get your feet
all wet
we're gonna put your boots on forgot
they were snow out here I should have
put your boots on wait wait wait you're
gonna kick wait you need to get boots on
your feet are gonna all wet
let's put your boots on and then you can
go in the snow okay there's snow here
but it's melting oh my goodness no who's
the first pumpkin is that snow you wanna
touch it hold it it's cold it's ice
funny
good morning it's a beautiful morning
here in Chicago and we're just gonna go
out and run some errands with Sam's mom
get out for a little bit before the rest
of the family comes be good look how
cute this little peach tree is there's
no pictures on it now there's snow here
but it doesn't feel too cold oh my gosh
that scarecrow just freaked me out
there's scarecrow on the swing and
there's always signs when we come to
visit is that wreath is really cute wow
what is that what is that is in your
boots
when I get you actual snow boots huh
will be Prince you'd love it Oh were you
this except for is getting issues are
you dating this no gotta get the extra
Thanksgiving shopping done
no do we have everything hey do we have
everything all right let's go
welcome to Thanksgiving here in Illinois
the entire family is here my sister and
your family just arrived we are we just
ate dinner
puzzles creating worlds mario wrestling
and having look at this little band
right here
No Oh how's your rope coming good
are you putting lots of hard things in
there so people can't beat it
no way go put it back put it back in
there No thank you for listening
come on out of here baby okay okay
the 700c lazy salmon Courtney No
yeah last night this one's from Noah
mommy daddy and baby sister Haven
anyways exist
yeah great food great food that be yours
right that's not mine I know that would
be one that you would write right okay
all the grandchildren and the new baby's
coming cocoa milk cocoa Sam I thing you
need a right one
what do you think before babe Noah and
little baby Nora although I haven't mean
one name that I really do like really he
told me it's a nerve type I it's not
well do you have a top five now there's
only one in the top five right anyway
dr. pepper in a boxy Cup playing games I
see this the table is all set for
Thanksgiving tomorrow I want to find
where I'm sitting
let's see how do you see where Jenna
it's and but I'm close Jenna will be
sitting there Noah has a little a little
cracker it's not a pilgrim no we'll be
sitting here I'm guessing in the high
chair this is the same high chair that I
said in as a baby
ooh head of the table dang hmm my mom
has all these decorations set up in here
it's feeling pretty Thanksgiving festive
pretty cool stuff this is always kind of
fun
these are box of questions let's see
what one says
it says what are you most thankful for
this year what do you guys most thankful
for I think for me would have to be our
little baby girl
definitely definitely that I was trying
to think I was like was no born this
year no that's not true there are the
Thanksgiving aprons all set up I tweeted
this out earlier today I kind of like it
says home is where your mom is this is
the area where my mom takes all of her
Instagram pictures and facetimes us
here's an Instagram picture that we took
on it here and another one here and then
this right here is our menu for tomorrow
we're starting off with the appetizer of
some shrimp cocktail goat cheeses salsa
spinach dip vegetables and dipping Maine
coast turkey stuffing mashed potatoes
are gravy creamed corn roasted
vegetables other vegetables other
vegetables cranberry sauce there better
be that canned cranberry for Jen some
pumpkin banana cream pie raspberry and
cherry which I think has actually been
replaced by apple if you remember during
Christmas we had a ton of stuff set up
that was Christmassy this was the hot
chocolate station but right now it is
the turkey station health update how are
you feeling good good
out of 100 percent Oh 100% under 10 110
for 100 question are these are the like
what do you think people Thanksgiving
here you go my question is what is your
family motto come with me and love it
come with me and love it I like it
Jen what's your family motto I can think
of oh gosh I would say for me and you
don't go to bed unhappy yeah don't go to
bed unhappy
in our entire five almost five years of
marriage I thought like I don't think
I've ever done wedding fun maybe once
maybe the other night don't go to bed
unhappy key to a happy successful
marriage good communication family no
one in our family will ever go to bed
unhappy hopefully I don't think I did
the best job at capturing have fun today
was spending time together as a family
because we were just kind of playing
games but I think today was one of the
most relaxing days that I have had in
2015 how don't you yeah what do you
really think about it that's not
relaxing though this puzzle when I saw
this puzzle I was like Alex just look
terrible are you like ours you've been
sitting here for at least an hour and a
half just that and I've gotten so much
really good we're in the turkey yeah
there's just so much white do you guys
like puzzles it's like a lot of people
in our family do you love him it was
relaxing because I feel like I just
immersed myself in with all the kids we
were playing like video games and all
that stuff together and I just kind of
forgot about every other responsibility
in my life so that was kind of cool
other than being an uncle father it was
a good day
I can't wait for Thanksgiving tomorrow
we have as you saw a lot to eat a lot to
talk about
off to capture some thoughts of this at
the dinner table
I think Noah is going to really enjoy
Thanksgiving he loves to eat Happy
Thanksgiving
I hope you have a lot to be grateful for
where's your grateful for you guys see
you tomorrow base
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
it's gonna
