say hi to yourself dango sue√±o I'm
really tired so I'm combining two days
into one vlog just to make it easier on
me so I can rest and be ready for this
nice time together as a family
so here's day 1 followed by day to enjoy
yes Anjali
let's go Anjali
hey guys good afternoon we just got back
from the hello indoor play place I took
notice burning right when it opened and
stayed for almost two hours and just let
him run around cuz have you ever been
cleaning a lot today and getting laundry
done and stuff getting ready to pack
before our trip to mark as we leave to
Chicago tomorrow for lunch I just got
some like little turkey wraps because I
are local one of the local grocery
stores I like fresh and really good and
Noah literally I got one to share with
him and this is all he's left me
that's all he loved me and some naked
berry juice dipped it except for he's
not used to like tilting things he's
used to straws and I couldn't find any
straw ones is that good yeah yeah I
thought you were done okay just kidding
he's left me none whatever as long as he
eats I'll find something else okay I
love that he'll a wrap very random
that's the type of sunset that makes you
feel sexy are you taking that happen the
tub yeah I do yourself here so babe - up
here and two down here I might ask you
to like look good though I know well
yeah I know they look straight like if
those were is real that's right hey like
a smoker's laughs I'm sorry I'm sorry
you got it you got the camera it's time
to pack video a gummy and Papas let's go
okay bye bye scary it's scary crazy
Samuel oh my gosh you were way too big
for that CK oh my it looks like like a
mini toontown suitcase or something like
cartoon babe don't break it you're gonna
break it
thank you we're packing tomorrow we take
off for Chicago I'm so excited I love
the holidays
I love Thanksgiving I love Christmas I
love every day are you how do you think
Noah's gonna do on the plane tomorrow I
honestly I have high hopes for paw
patrol strength but usually wants them
to distract them it doesn't sure we'll
see I need to get some paw patrol
episodes on the iPad hopefully he enjoys
wearing the headphones this time or at
least just watching the iPad the other
day we did set up the iPad well Jen was
putting makeup on or something I can't
remember like we were both getting ready
yeah and he just sat there and he didn't
touch the screen or anything and make it
go away so maybe he's starting to
understand it not that we want to have
the iPad as a crutch but when you're
flying for a couple hours and you need
to distract the biggest wiggler in the
world it's good we also have an apple to
apples chocolate chip granola bars I
bought a little travel case of lotion so
we can like put little dabs on his hand
because he loves just like rubbing
lotion on his hands it thinks it's fun
and putting it in her face I also was
just saying to Jen when she's like
putting these in her bag I just love
seeing Noah's little socks cuz compared
to like say my feet you know it's just
so cute I forget that we have this
little dude I never forget
but just seeing his little like laundry
I just love it I also am retiring this
suitcase that my grandma and grandpa got
me in high school I'm retiring it it's
falling apart
yeah it's pretty much it's lasted me
long I've taken that suitcase other part
of the world I lived out of that
suitcase for two years when I lived in
the Dominican Republic that's what I had
it's been everywhere so I ran to
t.j.maxx
and I thought that this suitcase was
actually like smaller than my one I have
now
but it's way bigger and it's like it's
lighter and it's hard so I feel like I
can protect some of my shoes and it was
super cheap don't you love t.j.maxx
we're packing now we're packing clothes
and what else are you packing all right
I'm excited that we're almost all packed
up just got to do a little bit more in
the morning taking off tomorrow heading
to Chicago heading back to where I grew
up
we're excited to see family I'm really
excited for no one to be able to hang
out with his cousins
he has cousin that's really close to his
age and then some other cousins I really
love him so he'll love being around kids
I'm gonna see two of my sisters they're
almost the whole family will be there it
will definitely be a good time I've also
heard that there's snow on the ground so
we'll see how Noah
reacts to all of that because you might
actually be able to do his first snow
angel or he might hate snow
we made it we made it - therefore they
don't know what it is I think it's just
having a little guy
so for everyone in your bag switch off
the fasten seatbelt sign
know what hey we made it
how was that fight was the best fight
probably the best so I need that for how
long it was needed so well I'm so happy
this is where like someone almost
fainted you gave them your pillow
we're here yeah are you in dance the
music Christmas music yeah me flex your
muscles no one doesn't know what very
soul
welcome to Thanksgiving 2015 at Grammy's
house this no so excited
we made it Phil and I fight was good no
it was really good to know it was a good
boy he enjoyed his paw Patrol
enjoyed looking at when you know you
enjoyed typing we taught him how to type
on the iPad so he just kept typing yeah
it was good long plates he's ever done
yeah so we're really very proud of them
very I think it's because we're getting
to the stage where he enjoys watching
things basically gets bored pretty fast
right Hugh Annette many times you want
to get up and we're just like cuz once
you give them an inch you give them like
everything right so here with family my
sister and her husband are here already
my other sister and her kids and family
get here tomorrow we're super excited it
already feels like it feels festive
there's snow outside although it's just
all melt tomorrow
it's just be like 50 degrees tomorrow
yes so I packed all of us under clothes
for nothing you know how much space in
my suitcase
those snow pants took up my suitcase
went well although was over packed I did
take some stuff out of it can be good to
be a family connectivity is games laughs
we already have been giggling along yeah
I go by too fast I'm ready to eat a lot
of tryptophane I'm like really excited
for mashed potatoes
especially my mom's okay it's the best
do you guys have any must eat side
dishes or like things in general that
you have to have with your Thanksgiving
dinner Jen likes canned cranberries I do
like the richest really and I don't like
real cranberry sauce I'd like the canned
fake stuff like I feel like for me
mashed potatoes is a musket oh yeah
so no yeah it'll be a fun week I'd
probably go by way too fast and we're
already gonna be flying home soon which
is really sad to be here for a while
though it'll be good yeah if you guys
are traveling anywhere travel safe
have fun with family and we'll see you
guys tomorrow okay give me that
cranberry sauce
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood keep your fingers
crossed it works yeah this is actually
the one time y'all really enjoy watching
it
