I think this is the most excited we have
ever been in our lives for the holidays
truly I know our kids are the perfect
age they're gonna have so much fun
Thanksgiving and Christmas are by far
two of my favorite days of the year
great better than my birthday I love
them I do you like the riff they work no
I do I love Christmas and things even
more than my birthday as I continue to
grow older I feel like I get more joy
out of seeing the people I love being
happy and finding joy and this year is
super different for us because we are
hosting both of our families for the
holidays so we're gonna have how many
people love at least five or six coming
for Thanksgiving and Christmas Christmas
we're having who knows how many five six
so like maybe ten could be a packed
house yeah but now that we've moved we
don't really have everything we need to
host everybody as far as blankets
cooking food pan there's just like all
the cookware we're gonna need a
leftovers we put our leftovers in
Christmas dinners first so yeah and
we're all nervous but I'm really excited
I think you do all the chipping and
it'll be good it'll be a fun experience
so we are about to go to Big Lots to
find everything that we need I think the
one they built near us is relatively new
I've been a couple times it is really
nice so we're gonna go find the things
that we need to you guys along for the
ride you get ready for the holidays
shout outs Big Lots for sponsoring our
video today we're really excited to get
some new stuff to help make the holidays
go a little smoother
put your hands in 1 2 3 holiday all
right we made to our Big Lots we're
about to go inside
pick out a lot of stuff you ready hey go
get some Christmas table yeah you ready
buddy yeah I need your help
as we mentioned before we're looking for
a bunch of things for our house to keep
our guests doing good feeling great as
well as ourselves looking for blankets
cooking things and decorations you guys
will see it on
you guys know we're making an extra
effort to having our house decorated so
the holidays they have has to be perfect
there's gotta be a lot oh hi you gonna
help us ya know grab the ornaments just
don't drop them oh but these are
shatterproof oh there you go oh yeah
strong guys no way you're such a good
helper carrying the big boxes we got
ourself Christmas tree help a few not
Holland's out for another year it's
gonna be almost Thanksgiving next week
and then another month it'll be
Christmas guys we got a lot and we want
to show it to you all some of it you saw
in our little montage but let's show you
the rest here we have a skirt runner
very cute very fun we got some Christmas
ornaments of course did you pick those
ornaments out a new knife and cutting
board let's see we got an extra wish we
got some scissors with lots of hands in
the kitchen we need multiples we only
have one of those things so I got an
integrator let me do that a little
baking dish for you know green beans
corn we got Tupperware glass Tupperware
to put you know Thanksgiving leftovers
yeah yeah yeah it better be extra mashed
potatoes who put it in there heat it up
yeah and you can eat right in that's I'm
talking about we got a Christmas tree
you really like that one I think it's
fun oh snowflake ornaments to blue speck
rate the tree review that appears to
notice more into the Christmas scene I
got a little measuring cup that can like
be flattened which what I think it's
awesome and safe space that's cool oh we
got a new mixing bowl we got a turkey
brine and rub kit for surkhi first
turkeys a little roaster for the
vegetables I'm really excited about the
brine kit it's quite the process making
a turkey I'm all nervous but I think we
can do it tablecloth more containers
easier both things are kind of like a
glasses oh yeah crispy fried onions for
that we're eating green beans some
ornament hooks in case some of the ones
that we have more utensils and FINA jigs
that one's nice extra spoons
we got make sure we get the soft ones
because in the past when Jen and I first
got married we scratched a lot of our
client pants I say we because that's
what you do in your marriage right
collapsible colander set yes the drain
Thanks
what I picked out what I'm really
excited about is the red copper pants
are so you can never have too many pans
especially when they're cooking so much
food yeah this is my favorite decoration
we got I think this is so cute my mom
actually collected Santa's and we had
Santa's everywhere so I love that now I
just got my first one on my own
so there we go flameless candles it's
actually kind of nice especially because
the kids inside lots of kids that's how
they see them oh yeah
I got some towels too because any towels
for everybody we already have a few but
we it's always good to get a couple new
ones and then some cutting boards
alright some cutting boards yeah we
didn't have very many so got some new
claymores a nice wood cutting board this
one's awesome cuz it's like it's a
grippy one so it doesn't like move which
I really like that one too
and we got some throw blankets we got
this beautiful red one that Noah picked
out and a beautiful cream-colored throw
that I just loved
it's obviously we needed those blankie
our blanket baskis currently toys that I
need to take upstairs and I will have
blankets in there people would be
comfortable our plan I think it's
already we're gonna move this just into
the hallway hmm for the holidays and
then put our Christmas tree right here
right here it's kind of like the yeah
this would be sitting around it and just
be happy yeah and then like Christmas or
the holidays we can just sit on the
couch and enjoy it I'm really excited
okay getting set up for my green bean
trial green bean trial we also got this
awesome seven a half foot Christmas tree
I'm so excited Jen's green bean
casserole is actually delicious it may
feel a little bit better about making
Thanksgiving dinner feel good no I know
I know I'll have help but it was good to
know that I could like make something
that tasted good we had a nice little
trip to Big Lots it was very convenient
fun easy and affordable such great
prices you guys got a nice of quality
items like I am really genuinely excited
about everything we got today and I'm
excited for the holidays now so yeah so
if you guys are looking for things to
host people or you're going somewhere
you need a gift for somebody you need
something kindness there's probably a
big lots near you yeah so let us know if
you swing by and grab anything and hope
it makes your holidays easy yep
see you soon peace
