so no actually slept in til 830 today
just pretty cool I still looks tired
though because it was a late night I was
super excited to see them when i heard
him wake up actually because we totally
missed this guy last night did I missed
you I missed you hi what did that make
you for breakfast what is that eggs and
avocado that good Wow yes master chef
here I come having some yogurt some eggs
and avocado watching some Jake pot and
never landing pirate whatever those gold
hey it's good to have you back hey mom
wow you want to see her too mom I think
I hear mom push push hey brought down
you
happy Sunday we are currently driving
around neighborhoods for a Sunday Drive
/ looking at houses not that we really
want to buy a house here in the city
that we're living right now but we
haven't looking at like the possibility
of like renting a house Jen and I are
saving up to buy a house in the place
that we want to live in we don't know
that so we're that is it here right now
I mean right now this way looks like a
gum meteor coming down that's just the
point I know it's like very bright sorry
right now this is exactly where we want
to live right in this moment we're
planning for the future you know right
like where do we want to have that house
for the long term right and we just
don't you know know this is what correct
but currently I really love living where
we would move a couple months and just
like you know with people visiting and
family and obviously we're not gonna
move right now but it's but Lenny good
to have more space with more kiss I just
think with like what we are putting into
where we live now we can get a much like
a larger space for the same amount yeah
even just read come to realize as you
can looking right as renting wise as I
we've come to look at other properties
and stuff like that but I call we're
paying a lot so dream is to own them it
is the dream is tone like I said we
don't know yes where we want to live so
we want to be like oh let's go good a
house right so I kind of crazy currently
we're just you know keeping options open
renting wise and
seeing yep we found was staying online I
like some stuff that's gonna be
available when our lease is up to Lake
huh let's just go check out the same
prices that were paying for a little Tim
home right we could live in a house in
the house for a year another bedroom or
two or whatever so that mean that mad
that's what's going on long story shark
hahaha let's be real though your dream
is to have a happy family I said to have
your own home yes because you feel like
you've never had a home growing up well
we just never had a permanent home we
never like we moved around forever
basically that's like I never stopped
moving on but it's also is what
terrifies me is like once I buy a home
it's like whoa okay this is like
long-term oh no I feel like the day okay
I a house you're gonna be so happy yet
so scared recap it's gonna be the most
weird feeling in the world because I'll
feel like babe we did it we got the hand
I'm like me i wishididn't one place i
already know that that's gonna be 30
second indecisive person and I think
part of it is because we move up move
around since being Wolcott continued on
through high school and college and
stuff so
well I want you James to come true my
dreams I'm working I'm working hard for
that yeah baby oh I know my dreams will
come true where are we gonna put them
that's a good question where is this
house gonna be that's very true I'm an
idea you know although logo or where we
live now has definitely grown on me a
lot mm-hmm it really has I want to know
where my family's gonna be the next
couple years old my parents right at my
sister I mean one of them might move Oh
asked that's why when I know so they're
just keeping my options open my name is
I would be fun to go on a little family
drive yeah sundays can can I get oh
right yeah I was also very crazy at
church today oh my gosh I don't know
what it was he's craziest feeling dancin
to the jerk music and he was freaking
spoiled too because we brought him Jen
this is how cool of Imam Dennis she
always gets him all his food because
we're at church during lunch time so she
has all the fruit and all the snacks and
she also cut up little pieces and slices
of cheese pizza for Noah to eat well
because it's lunchtime royal comes home
and goes right to bed I don't have to be
hungry boy okay kid and you see you Zach
you might you want acting like well
today last time we bring you pizza
seriously my kid when you're even like 5
8 12 you're gonna wish I brought you
some feed to the church I want to
compete it seriously like enjoy this
well last not gonna last oh no are you
blowing kisses at where are you can see
where we used to live or not you mommy
daddy hey blowing kisses
oh hi who are those kisses for all your
girlfriend but bugs that's what we do to
entertain no in the cards which is
lyrics and xle and he loves it speaking
in tongues about bugs ready bugs
I love bugs oh wow so today was pretty
much but i was thinking be fun to do a
little dance attacks each day whether
they're 5 seconds 10 seconds 15 seconds
to minutes 10 minutes an entire vlog Jen
hit the music hey dance attack you guys
ready let's see you buddy move it cheers
what's going on scary okay
Oh
Wow
shorter birthday to our we pack head off
to Chicago for Thanksgiving can't wait
base if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood okay
no flex flex
