subscribe a weekend and no one's taking
place because he clipped this is my view
I'm sitting on the floor outside of the
door because he splashes so much and he
can't sit on the toilet are all so good
all the way high and I have to like put
half of the the thin clothes now he's
washed too much I gave him a water
bottle today to have fun with him
they're like an empty water bottle he's
really enjoying it
whoa the place squished it to
smithereens I think so you can you see
how wet the toilet already is in the
ground it's just he likes to splash
these days and poop apparently well I
not sleep
a lot of you probably saw seems to eat
at like I don't leave I don't even know
attack us like very early and I look up
because it was my fault I usually like
to check on him once so I went in there
before me and Sam boys but to check on
him and like big package this pack is
about to fall out and this door squeaked
and then when I try to sneak out he
still awake a very upset and then I got
up got like this sandwich kind of a very
awkward you know sometimes you just have
an off week emotionally emotional wise
it's not like you feel safe mentally I
just felt myself this week even with
like it's been super fun like fighting
else and this horrible
they really do stuff to you sometime so
hopefully today is a little better you
know sometimes you just have those days
and those things where you just don't
feel like yourself and you just wanna
cry every day for no reason
actually it's more than like everything
just bothers nice this week enforcing
like everything just
everything is just like getting on my
nerves I like have no patience this week
I think that's what it isn't it's been
terrible her grouch has had family side
no to under your kids get like really
itchy in the back like he has nothing
he's just in water but his bunny and I
can't stop scratching every time he's in
the tub he scratches are you a G is your
son bit chief don't scratch okay
you ready you ready for a winter treat
so you ready
you've been very excited to go oh you
okay we're on a fun little winter
wonderland maybe we shouldn't be on this
fun little winter wonderland adding
we're getting some hot chocolate and
doughnuts at a hot chocolate in Donuts
truck yeah yes it says cocoa and
doughnuts so we're gonna get some
because it's kind of chillier today and
we thought it'd be kind of fun yeah we
did not get those ornaments at Sam's
Club little wanted to explore our
options are actually near Hobby Lobby so
we'll go there to get some ornaments
there's lots of options for my cocoa you
know abandon ship wait in the car cause
it's so cold outside so we're making Sam
suffer to give us the hot chocolate into
a mineral I mean in a row or something I
don't really know and now this kid is
just bouncing off the walls here he
loves being in the front I don't get it
do all kids love being in the front
either god it's like I'm so used to
being in the back now I'm in the front
and you push all the buttons here comes
with the hot chocolates I'm gonna go
help never know I didn't go help them I
can't tell about the donut arsenal
like no you oh my gosh
he's like melt-in-your-mouth hmm YUM oh
my gosh
Wow the hot chocolate could be a little
hotter that's only because I like things
scalding hot but those oh man so good um
we're looking at Christmas moments
because how we all be has a bazillion
entries to cuz oh yeah
which a bazillion Christmas ornaments
here at Hobby Lobby and they're also
pretty one of all we're gonna get some
fun ones like these little snowmen one
and the Santa ones you know the worst
place to take here almost one and a half
year old Hobby Lobby the reason being is
because they're super sparkly they just
looked so fun to touch even we want to
touch them uh-huh and so he's just like
running around previous month to run
around okay
out of all the ornaments as NASA has
which one do you think Noah grab first
but he already kind of described it this
guy like that one this one for Aaron get
this one for the little baby tonight has
been a clean up night we tend to have
lot of these because we tend to get
things returned very quickly getting
organized completely clean trying to
optimize all the space for when family
is here in a couple of weeks mm-hmm we
have a lot of family here so yeah
cleaning up everything
yeah kidding probably gonna like how
we're gonna fit everyone well I'll tell
you all this nose room you have a little
player yeah it's just too much stuff in
our family and he doesn't play with half
of it I think I'll leave his ball pinned
down here and some cars and that's it
yeah oh yeah we just cleaning up
everything
trying to make things easier to clean up
every night because Noah does let go
through everything sometimes the place
has to get dirtier before it gets
cleaner unfortunately it's been a good
day
you haven't talked much about how you
feel about oh I mean I'm thrilled I've
been looking at about I'm throw about
what my thoughts are
I'm very excited I've been looking at
baby crimes every day since which is
basically the past no actually since
like I got pregnant she didn't suggest
for names to me two of them with which I
was like what you say but usually means
it's probably not the best man goodness
if I need to be like wait what because I
didn't understand it the first time I
feel like that's probably not the best
name to you over you can't make up names
after a few that I'm like really leaning
towards that I like I just got to see
which ones you like what's one of them
I'm not gonna say whoa
oh good - like that's - cementy
recommend committing to it - uh-huh
I'm not ready to do that well we did
decide on these ornaments tonight it's
taking us a while we've been ornament
shopping like it's a car that would go
to a bunch of places kind of test ride
him out we finally got some in a big
pack so I want a variety of baubles the
best part about bobble shopping the
Europeans call it yeah bobble shopping
is I was filming I turned the camera off
or stopped recording and I said to Jen
be careful there's a lot of fragile ones
here I need to watch no I said let's
make sure no do them drop any and or
break in and then I broke it
okay so she said it I was thinking it
and literally as she's saying that she
drops this glass bauble an ornament and
it shatters all over the floor and it
was an ornament that was filled with
like little snow pebble things there's
probably a thousand little penny snow
pellet balls
it's like those uh popcorns that come in
packages but microscopic and a million
of them so we did our best to laugh very
quickly just said
how ironic the situation was
look embarrassed Jen has been clumsy and
then we quickly tried to clean it up
before the poor soul that had this call
to clean it up I mean cash when you're
in a grocery story this tells me a lot
about someone if you break something in
the grocery store if something falls
down I can a glass and it spills how do
you react do you act like nothing
happened
do you run away exactly
so this to me says a lot about your
character Jen and it's that when you
make a mess you clean it up so I just
it's a habit I gotta clean it up I can't
let someone else clean up my mistake we
were at Walmart she dropped a container
of yogurt sprayed everywhere and I was
like all right just kind of like yeah
sweep it up yeah I was like no it was
being crazy and Jen's like no we got to
clean this up
so I went from paper towels clean it all
up anyways
whenever Jen dropped something she
always cleans it up I love that about
you shouldn't drop things though
tomorrow we're heading to Salt Lake for
the the wood wet the wood wedding the
wood wedding I saw Carly and Jackson
briefly today I took some pictures for
an Instagram that's gonna go up on the
Trix and Instagram and they looked
amazing seriously supermodel status like
movie stars
I was like whoa and then I was looking
at the photos just now Jen it almost
looks like they've been my touched up I
think to make them look good but that's
just how they look so feeling beautiful
yeah so we're excited to go party with
them I'm super happy for them Jackson is
an amazing guy Carly's great too as you
guys know anyways we'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks bye
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
