hey you excited today's the dangers days
the day I'm very excited and nervous and
happy and grateful dan just put a blazer
on out to the wedding this weekend we're
going to Olive Garden right now for
Aaron's birthday
here's my gift look at this so this is a
celebratory dinner it's a celebratory
dinner for Nora Karen we this is a gift
from day hunging what a perfect couple
living together that's a really good
roommate that's a good roommate gift
that's like Dan would be a really good
boyfriend oh I know but it just looks
funny at all Erin Sam wrapped ours
freaking tissue paper to make paper
towel or towel this is from Kenneth
actually really garlicky I'm going to
find it true God with you I mean even
though it's like patty cake you so it
doesn't
oh you found it you down the hole what
you look at daehan's dress up like a
Rico suave right now okay look at these
shoes so dapper Wow ladies ladies the
fanny place okay
we've literally talking about this since
the day we got our deal nerd minds what
is it look at all these cameras on you
and all these guys were like I don't how
about the relationship don't you like it
when I go to the bed go to bed at the
same time right like you love that yes
girls love it when their guy Wow so the
best thing to keep a healthy
relationship I didn't intend oh please
yes okay Tyler give them their present
give him your present I thought it was
actually a preview boy yeah it's like
the same thing he always hates it if you
guys are like yeah she'd let me know I
know there's too many cameras out right
now oh wow my turn
yeah your turn your turn bud
I didn't have envelopes part of things
yeah I like it
after CDs to windward open it feels like
okay and we got to rip that oh this is
like actual like sending the mail yeah
as actually awesome day
okay that's the word of them as the
phrase in life several things man stop
we're getting bad from plastic to me
flesh to me you had this planned exactly
Wow GameStop hair games and games guys
friends and we honor you this night and
look area's most wait birthday what's my
name Jean I know John Jacques right and
jock Thank You Bailey also for me
good morning sweet world we are painting
elements this morning who's that for an
hour you have two women in your life now
and this is it is this an ornament for
your mommy or for your little sister
doing such a good job yeah although it
kind of looks like a bloody of maybe we
should add some other colors there we go
add some green in there you put it in
this part dip it in dip it in here
good nothing down there good job paint
more peered in the Hat good you're doing
so great but he's a boy he keeps like
getting all happy and excited and like
hahaha laughing that's really funny
I think the Reds his favorite color
right now oh there he goes for some
green beautiful you can't really tell
that it's an elf but it's what makes it
one of a kind that's artistic feasts
that work you haven't tried get on his
clothes yet which is awesome cuz he's
wearing I was stupid and put a white
shirt on him good job dip some blue good
put down here by his foot Oh perfect
blue mustache he looks like a smurf good
there you go one of a kind else good job
just let them paint a little longer
paint the box
my friend Stacy has those uh water
brushes so you put water them and then
you can paint on the papers and it turns
like a color or whatever but it's just
water and they're like clear brushes
maybe I find those good I think you
would really like company and then not
to be TMI I think I got food poisoning
from all of garden dozen I don't eat it
all during that much when I do I usually
enjoy it the guys love all of garden and
I was trying to love it more just as
much as they do and then I'm pretty sure
it made me sick
so that was fun still kind of feels like
a dream Jen's asleep downstairs right
now she's resting up she's such a
wonderful mom to Noah and such a good
wife and example to our family I'm so
grateful for her I'm sure some of you
guys have like lots of questions about
what's next you guys gonna tell us the
baby's knee oh man I feel like we're
just kind of taking it in right now with
every ultrasound it becomes just more of
a reality that's Jen's stomach grows
it's like wow we really will be a family
of four and not only dad's gonna be two
boys and two girls it's just crazy
I remember one knows born I had the
feelings like wow I just love this baby
so much already where is there room in
my heart to love another one like how is
that even possible people with so many
kids like how do they do it but my
heart's full and it's just like huh how
do you love this little baby girl and I
know be a different relationship with
her than with Noah and I'm just so
excited to meet her already we're just
about halfway there so I feel like the
pregnancy has gone by really fast right
now Jen might say differently it will
really be here before you know it and
right now we just get ready I'm so
excited and I just feel so blessed it's
it's amazing I think we will come up
with a name faster this time we had a
lot of girl names before we found out
Noah's gonna be a boy I think we'll
revisit some of those and I know Jenna
is a list we just need to go over them
maybe go on a little date and talk about
them our anniversary is coming up and
a month and this weekend actually we're
going to be celebrating Jackson and
Carly's wedding so that will be really
fun oh man I'm so excited you guys have
no idea I hope you guys are excited too
oh I'm feeling I'm gonna become a little
crybaby with this girl oh this is great
I'll see you guys tomorrow I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understand yo check out these
new tricks and beanies coming out soon
they're not on the set yet but I'll let
you guys know when they are really comfy
and I love the design
