hey you excited today's the day today's
the day yeah also the otherwise hairy
higher with this beat really yeah I'm
more up here's now we better redo all
the Webster's we're late
you got to go today's the day we're
about to find out what baby number two
is I'm very excited and nervous and
happy and grateful
and wow this little face right there
it's so crazy the second time around I
personally didn't want to show his face
very much Danner No
when he did he looked like a pterodactyl
so happy we're here the baby at birth 9
1 well that was a very nice today and
this is where the court comes in do we
want out this baby is um yes but I don't
you want him now sure are you sure yeah
you wanted to wait till later no we can
surprise people are you sure yeah okay
Katie Donna find out would you want to
know yet okay
my legs out of the way huh girl oh girl
I thought this one would be a girl last
time I thought it was a girl but he
wasn't like that last time I really did
think it was going to be a girl
there's a little folds right there mom
eat your better picture finger that's my
heart already expired
having a girl I knew it oh I'll say he
knew it I did it I didn't know I didn't
tell me that you thought I wasn't gonna
tell you I totally knew I did I
seriously did I knew I didn't know I
thought me too I thought it was okay
mine was feeling more hoping I thought
it was a girl and when she said that I
just wanted to cry look like he was
about to cry it was about to cry every
day this little girl's me have him
wrapped around her little finger that's
for sure
I love her already I'm so excited oh my
so good in there
typed right up there she's look so cute
I feel my just like you I hope she looks
like you know well that is good is like
no well could you guys read the library
someone's oh oh he looks just like you
but yep we're so important I really
would have been happy either way cuz
honestly I want to have how to buy
anything but I was at my phone and
frills and frilly bum and I know the
girl every single time we've gone out
shopping for no you're always like my
uncle's are better look at this look at
that look at this there's gonna be a
little bit more balance and now learn I
go to the stores yes more estrogen when
I good the stores now I'm gonna be like
putting those things in my cart yay I
feel like baby number three which guys
this not happening today or tomorrow
seriously please I've got to be a girl
too no no stop
duffer it's over no only one boy in
Sam's dad's family only one boy in his
soup no it's got no uh it was good while
it lasted all Ryan we must stick
together when you watch this video in
the morning cuz you watch Fox in the
morning me and you buddy you guys stick
together me he's my buddy too I'm that
kid I really do think you and knew
something was happening because not one
sleepy I wanna sleep last night
and he woke up early feeling the energy
yeah we woke up early early and then you
didn't want us to drop him off a day
honey hopefully he's okay anyway it's a
girl and the girl our baby girl is
healthy yes
the most important thing everything
looks good they said exactly it's not
crazy oh yeah they said she measured
like babies don't usually measure right
on the day that you think that they're
measuring too it takes actuates but this
baby is measuring right on April 7th so
do you think it is okay hey cool dude
you looking so fly
hahahahahaha if I go it's a girl super
excited
I told Darby I can't even be happy for
you no but that's so cool it's a girl
hahahahaha another girl cousin I was too
excited excited horrible but we need a
girl you know yes yes hey I like your
Center Park to the light dumped and legs
up and see it's a girl she's crying Wow
Wow it's gonna be awesome
hey what color those lights yeah sister
yea-ah Wow hey hey I have a sister are
you're gonna have a little sister that's
what Hey look at me you're gonna be a
big brother to a sister hey gift yeah
it's a sister are you excited yeah yes
whoa celebratory rolls up the couch yeah
yeah yeah it's a sister one more turn ah
sheamus's oh okay
good job show your muscles nothing like
this you're gonna get the poops out with
that huh
you don't even worry everyone wishes
like a dance like you day huh
boy it's a boy I think we're having girl
boy wait till after dinner hey come on
babe what about let's do that right yeah
Karen hey on our psychic so again I
thought those were purple like it's a
very unisex color the Pinkus ones we can
find just not good it's a good way we're
protected now Yuri Topsy those boys on
oh yeah oh he's once the box no you
can't be on it hey look big brother
yeah they will share the favoritism can
you say girl ah here's a give me that
passion back I think deep down inside we
both were you know thinking it'd be fun
to have a girl we're so happy that the
baby's healthy that Evan is going well
I'm excited for like the new challenge
just the new learning lessons but I'm
okay okay I am but I'm also like oh boy
when she's a teenager
well I think I thought that far yet but
don't you feel different like here side
than last time it's weird yeah already
more like oh man yeah a little more when
she's born like saying she is weird do
many names I have a list but I had a
list with no one no no I think we'll do
better the same I mean not I love the
name Noah Noah sorry I like being more
like have a name before the day he's
born we didn't know what kind of it was
like the week before sure believable
well we're excited
Jen's an all-star excited that was
excited he doesn't really understand
everything yeah quite a movie kiss my
belly today no yeah I said there's the
your baby sisters in there and he kissed
it I don't know if we really understood
no are you excited
where's baby sister yeah where's baby
sister we need to teach you that where's
baby sister see ya you're still learning
but by the time the baby's here
I definitely think he'll be ready to be
a big brother yes our hearts are full
we're so happy and grateful time to buy
pink sea yes tomorrow face it if you
choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
