softer for the research this is cold
gosh that looks like a freaking root
beer float ratio matters is ratio peed
outer matter probably but this guy means
boy
good morning sweet world our mornings
lately have consisted of Jen going to
her workout classes she's been taking
like a robic Zumba and then no and I
usually watch YouTube we catch up on all
the family vlogs we'll listen to like
some fun music videos and dance and
shooting today he's trying to run from
me and hide do you hear that good cause
he ran upstairs knowing I'd chase him
cuz I'd be like dude you can't go
upstairs without me now he's just
waiting for me oh oh you didn't think I
would come for you huh I'm coming to get
you you better hide or should I hide
close your eyes
cover your face I'll hide bye actually
I'm worried about you going down the
stairs you're trying to do it like a big
boy I'm gonna count to five three four
five ready or not here I come okay
you're supposed to run and hide and that
on the stairs nope playing on the stairs
do you say good morning
no yeah no oh hi Hey
hope you guys are having a great day
let's get started
the highly-anticipated gender
predictions is happening right now
tonight goes tomorrow we find out
whether we're gonna have a boy or a girl
right tomorrow
so wait last time with Noah wheezing
tomorrow afternoon and morrow okay I'm
starting off with my own wife still
Mahorn but with no we didn't do this at
all no but I am starting out with my own
wife's tale from Noah oh okay and that
is the night before we went and found
out I played basketball I made a shot
Oh like I played well and I said if I
play well it's gonna be a boy if I don't
it's a girl I want undefeated up all
night tonight sample that's my own
wife's tell so the good boy okay
b-bomb oh that's a wife stuff all right
Sam sale we just watched Travis and
Jenni's like barrel Elgin many ways to
find out our baby's gender so we're
gonna do some of those also some that we
found online we're not gonna do all of
them like I'm not garlic I'm not gonna
make Jen do all that stuff another shout
out to Jenni that was pretty cool
seriously okay first one
are you carrying high or low this is
hard because I have a really long torso
and so I just feel like I carry low
naturally because I'm so long I honestly
feel like I'm carrying low like I feel
the baby down people would probably say
I'm come here let's do this
are you King higher lower or the same as
no I noticed that I'm I feel like I'm
like way low but this is where I'm
taking tallies and totals right now we
have a grand total squirrel and mmm-hmm
like we don't know right what's the next
one the feel of your skin
do you have dry skin or are you enjoying
silky smooth no I'm dry
but I'm but it's also winter so I'm just
dry dry dry
very dry skin is boy oh I do I would
love another boy okay hair is your hair
becoming thick and glossy or hmm
is your hair dome limp you know I took
my hair is a little thicker and a little
classier but I do I have been putting
some oils in it so thick and glossy
looks good looks I mean I think I did
wash it here okay so what do you think
of its thinking process that's why
there's one about weight if your partner
is feeling sympathy and gaining weight I
think I've gained like five to ten
pounds since you got there yet I've
gained five pounds since DC babe your
weight fluctuates so much about your
hobby packs out a little sympathy weight
the till says you're in you don't like
this it's a girl girl
okay sack back on that weight babe baby
girl is like a little chubby belly to
lay on girl do you have pregnancy acne
or other types of skin blemishes yes
yeah I've noticed it more this time when
I got with Noah I broke out a ton but
then with this when I broke out again
but I'm like no like I'm getting spots
the old wife still claims that girls
steal your beauty yeah that could be
because I don't know I know I have been
breaking out more than I don't know I
usually just break out in the very
beginning with all the hormonal change
but there's no breaking outs if your
skin is glowing glowing and flawless
Garrity for a boy and I'm giving glowing
a lot no that's my good I've been
breathing out way more much okay well we
already gave you one for skin above so
we're not going to need three spins no
have you noticed a change in your body
temperature are you feeling cold and icy
or hot and sweaty I'm not cold an icy
I'd say I'm just average but a question
mark for do the hmmm
because I don't know if you were warm to
go cold I see boy so yeah I don't really
know heart rate we won't really know our
last older son I mean that's so long ago
I could watch these three dance all day
retrieving sweet things or salty and
sour foods attareekh then could mean
both I want salt and I want sweet so I
don't know what that would be
someone both salty and sweet I crave
sodium first though so should we just do
salty salty yeah it's all too more than
sweet yeah so if you're craving salty
boy gosh boys winning this one oh we
have a good Tai Chi came just in time to
dance
shake it Tati you just missed him
dancing crazy hi Eva you idiot but in
the dance party Christmas edition my
chest what about it let's see it's
common to have one breast bigger than
the other take a look in the mirror is
your right breast bigger or your left
well I feel like it's like change since
after I had no it was like it's like
flipped so which one's bigger
I don't know I need to pause this see
after further examination the ruling on
the field stands boy huh it's gotta be
better it says what did you say left
left is larger it could be a little girl
oh yeah one for the girls sad you guys
know I'm team girl but I'm really Tina
team anyone team anything we're catching
up girls are catching up hey
dance oh my oh my whoa whoa do your arm
shape dance no this one were you shaking
backwards no shake your arms backwards
Sam to the dance just like that there
you go yeah ready Dominick the donkey
that's the song that's coming up these
are kids parties on have you dealt with
morning sickness No
so if not a boy but that's false because
I had morning sickness with Noah why had
night sickness did you ever throw up
with Noah no did you ever throw up right
now
no oh I'm doing the baking powder pee
test both oh this is like a soft drink
wow this one's getting really fizzy
we can't be this is really fizzing up
whoa that's is more than Jenny's okay
it's like coming all the way up look at
that look at theirs would they say if it
was a girl's boy what so after further
research oh gosh that looks like a
freakin root beer float ratio matters is
ratio peed out or matter probably but I
mean boy so the boys are clearly waiting
I feel like you're on team boy the way
you're acting is team boy although I
know you want a girl it's funny to see
your reaction bunches little boys that's
what's gonna happen go against
everything that everyone ever thought
would happen to our family have you had
swollen legs or ankles
no no olan that means go oh well that's
nice that's nice thanks babe you've been
having crazy pregnancy dreams no I've
had any pregnancy dreams yet so
which one was that foreplay if you dream
about a certain gender it's usually the
opposite right here
have you experienced lots of clunk
clumsiness don't you I you can't count
that because I'm already clumsy I'm
clumsy pregnant or not everything yes
and no but baby that doesn't count
that's a question right because I'm
always I'm just a clumsy person so I
mean do you have a mmm it means need a
boy know what comes a fine I'm comes you
no matter what how is your mood if
you're happy or mellow I've been more
happy Moody
well tonight I'm only I'm tired but
honestly for this pregnancy I feel like
I haven't been that moody yeah would you
say yeah I think I've had I've been
pretty good so that means going okay
that's good
normally you do like the ring on the
belly and you let it hang but me my
friends legit did like this pencil one a
while back like last maybe a couple
years ago and it was like crazy okay
they said boy and then girl and then
girl boy here's a test I'm going to
place this I've heard over counter
memory and how you pick it up how are
you gonna pick up the key
clumsiness confirmed okay no I want you
to pick up the key though like not like
Oh bring your hand okay mmm mmm
interesting so you picked it up from the
big part the big round part which means
boy I feel like anyone would pick up or
key from the biggies are wives tales
anyone for the key but you put the key
down you do not pick it up from the tiny
tiny oh yeah oh yeah this part concepts
many a penny on if it how it swings
above your belly yes I'll hold us really
study okay there okay okay see if this
looks terrible I can't film the ring
couldn't find me throughout there yeah
okay it's going back and forth
that means girl woohoo 114 girl okay
are you having headaches no I have any
eggs this time really mm-hmm
I had headaches with Noah last one both
ancient Chinese and Mayan cultures using
calendar to predict baby's gender mm-hmm
so if both your age in the year you
conceived are even right but I can see
when I was 23 this is the tricky part
because I've looked at the calendar and
I didn't know what to do I was talking
to Britt about it I was 23 when we
conceived but when we found out I was 24
so I don't know what you want to do
because one's boy one's girl
it says the year you conceived I was 23
when we conceived okay so both your age
I would say your age now and the year
you conceived that would make it odd so
if it's even you're having a girl that
if it's odd it's a boy so Jen's trying
to fight that the number is odd which
means boy she's pulling up this like
calendar it has like the month looks you
think about when I was conceived it
would be girl I know it's go boy okay
boy
so found 23 and it's a girl but if I was
24 it's a boy some girl will just put
that as it doesn't apply because we we
don't have enough information okay that
works so let's count them up for boy we
have including my ball night one two not
including bar six seven eight eight boy
not including ball night 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
girl
so in conclusion we won't know until
alone oh wow that's because so many
clothes what do you guys think but most
of those are supposed to be boy so the
question marks this nosy boy we are
officially finding out tomorrow so or
today now you see this yep it's
happening it's happening right now we
already know
you dress already know - yeah that's
pretty cool you got to see my boob so
post in the comments were you guys think
boy or girl
we'll let you guys know tomorrow I think
we're not gonna find out at the
appointment that's me so hard for me
baby that's gonna be so hard
yes you'll decide when we get there
Jen's more in charge than I have
I am March ID is inside of her body it
is all the work but okay I'll find out
and then ospreys you know
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood hey no I think you
got your dad's dance moves
