three you know how serious taehun gets
about his Instagram photos
cars going
good morning sweet world
me and my moustache are doing well
although I wish I could cut my hair
today but I have to head over to the
store soon I'm actually gonna be at the
tricks in store most of the day mMmmm
he's a good morning did you wait hi one
of the coolest things about what we get
to do is work with companies that we
love sometimes I feel like Oprah
you know Oprah has her favorites episode
she's like everybody get one what's the
meme you get one you get one you get one
that would be like the perfect episode
to go to I think Ellen does some other
thing like our favorite items one thing
that I have learned to love especially
since I've grown up and become an adult
is socks
I've always loved socks I haven't I used
told me just like white plain socks as a
kid I was like mom I just want the white
plain ones
my sister would always get the same sock
with different different colors if you
guys watched Shark Tank a couple of
years ago there was a company called
bombas that was on it they had socks
when everyone on the panel put them on
they're like oh these are so comfy and I
was like oh I want to try those out they
are actually helping sponsor our channel
today Jenna has a pair on they are
actually I have a pair on I got like the
multicolored ones I like mine to have a
little bit more Flair Jen has the ball
blue and they are incredibly comfortable
I've won these both in this summer and
now in the winter because I have to keep
my feet warm I get super cold out here
and I really love him these are ones
that I were more in the summer I like to
have like low socks with my Jordans and
things problem is is I actually usually
get blisters and these have a built in
like cushion on the back yet I'm just
pretty cool
short pair as well and I love them
they're so comfy because they don't fall
down sometimes socks fall down on your
heel and then it rubs so they're super
comfy they're made to last I love them
with boots I wear my sneakers I actually
even wear them to work out they're like
the all-around sock there's like no
awkward seam here so when you put it on
they're very comfortable
this is vety stretchy and long-lasting
like really fuzzy on top of being super
comfortable the company is pretty
awesome because every time you order a
pair of socks they donate a pair of
socks to homeless shelters people in
need in other countries they've given
out hundreds of thousands of socks ones
that they specially designed for that to
be super long lasting for these people
and I think that's pretty cool if you
guys want to get yourself some pairs
like these
I'm the multicolored Jonah's the blue
but they have all sorts of different
colors and styles here's the website
right here you can go to bombas comm
slash sanika and if you get four pairs
you can get 25% off the entire order
perfect for a stocking stuffer for a
gift for your mother or for making your
own feet happy I love them we like a PVD
we like happy feet don't we like happy
feet that's the happy check them out
guys and tell me what you guys think
when you get your orders good morning
everyone
hey I know throwing those racks no
throwing it's very breathing freezing
cold out today it's just cold I tried to
go out there but my hair still a little
wet for my shower and it was just so
cold out there no one has had already
know so I don't want him to get more
sick if it is a cold so he just gets
bored and it's so hard entertaining so
so bad he's getting better at like
finding things he wants to do but I just
a parent kind of feel like oh shoot we
should find you more things to do you
know I did pick up a little ornament
from Michaels or know when I was at
Michaels getting yarn from my stocking
the other day I picked him up another
little ornament last year I took know
with me to paint salmon ornament it was
really fun so I thought it'd be fun if
he got to paint another one I should
grab two and I should have had Te'o come
over and paint 'wind maybe I'll just run
and go get him one sorry all I don't
like a movie home most of the day so no
makeup today Sam works at the store most
of the day so he will be there I figure
I'll feed no an early lunch and then but
no runner on the store before his nap
get some energy out that's like not in
the house he's just like bored of his
mind I was like oh dang the one day Sam
has to like go in for like a long time
to the store which is totally fine
it was the one day that we were like
planning fhe Christmas
like decorate let's get the tree out
let's set it up let's put warnings on it
I'm tempted to move the bookshelf over
or just take it out altogether and he's
been throwing everything over the side
of the couch it'll be fun we have a
sibling to play with huh you guys can
entertain each other next winter
no no uh balls toys everything no more
do you like the song no that's okay
ready one double-dog let's go find dad
that's right come on one side there
daddy's in there
go find daddy he's inside there dad's
had a little business meeting so we got
a little treat frozen raspberries I made
and some pretzel bites for the wind how
was your treat was it good your treat
I mean you ate it all we listen to
Christmas music today you look cute
today
I like this outfit thank you it's my
fall outfit yeah the Christmas tree
outfit yeah do we need to get some
temptation like this is something I'd
wear to go chop down a tree yeah look
you good to acceptance you ready to
decorate Christmas tree tonight kid
he's like I know Diaz he's obsessed with
YouTube he really is
people people should we get some more
ornaments on our way home look at me
cool dude we're here at Sam's giving
ornaments because the wide section I
like it I love every holiday section of
every store like I need ornaments are
for a tree yes and we're gonna decorate
and put up we're not gonna completely
decorate the tree tonight we're gonna
put it up and then get some more in that
time yes I do love being like unique
born in so it's kind of fun to just have
some new classic bauble urnament isn't
it no and these are all shatterproof
what kind of do like the small ones Oh
comes with this it comes with both I
think this move down here looks more fun
which ones do you like like the classic
like the classics the time has a right
the time has arrived our tree we're
getting it out of the box well I know
he'll make it real yes ma'am to help me
feel like it's more of a real tree you
got little pine scented things yay it's
crazy this year no hurry up last
semester you could barely sit up right
he can barely sit up we got a cute
little skirt this year from Walmart
little Santa's skirt it's a little big
but it works I don't step on their key
baby run put the tree there
where's Danny hello Happy Thanksgiving
happy huh yep Happy Holidays Noah now is
the time we are here live from
Rockefeller Logan Utah it's time for the
lighting of the Christmas tree ready are
you ready I'm ready
no I come on buddy nose mad at me cuz I
wasn't giving him any juice you've had
too much juice today yeah have some
water
all right countdown three ready know
what hey can we count down just like a
dead body laying under the Christmas
tree oh look what Santa brought us know
what the lights are on what can you know
into Wonderland this is gonna be the
best Christmas ever
yeah so we keep saying hey it's never
too early to start celebrating Christmas
one of the reasons why we are actually
setting all of this up now it's because
it takes a little bit of time and we're
gonna be out of town about this time
next week we're going to my place my
parents place for Thanksgiving so the
holidays just go by so fast we gotta
like enjoy it for sure we can but trust
us once we make it out to Chicago it is
Thanksgiving week and we are gonna enjoy
every second of that yeah but this is
good though to get everything set up so
we come home we'll come right to a
winter wonderland right Noah yep now I'm
gonna buy you something for Santa I
think you should put the first ornament
up on the tree yeah do you know how to
put bean you know what to do with it oh
yeah he put on the tree okay ready
let's put it higher up here yeah okay
ready see there it is good job the first
ornament
Christmas can you pound give me another
pound mom they're just supposed to be a
moment yay all right it's time for know
to go to bed now cuz you just get
started to get that little cranky and it
ain't because of sugar
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm pointing to Santa
Mon lower we always had a jingly Bell or
in a minute at the bottom of the tree so
we could hear Santa I'm eight there's
also some ornaments that people gave us
last year like this one hold on let me
show you right there 2014 sanika you
like that one
I think Noah likes the tree
