it's very out tonight it's really not
this out usually ooh happy really about
- croissant belly yeah it is
Hey what the heck is going on in there
it was so funny I walked outside no it
was just in the front seat
like the driver's seat yeah driving the
car away Joe in the car I saw nothing
like a little bonding time in the car
see ya
good morning where actually I grabbed
the camera I was like oh I should
probably because it's the morning
time and I've been forgetting good
morning March wheat morning it's still
an okay it still a.m. want some college
for my boy this morning we shot some
hoops we wrestled we climbed and looked
out the window and what did we see Santa
Claus climbing up the Christmas tree yes
we're getting some food and I'm down for
a nap after that because he is a little
stuffed up and I don't know if they're
stuffing in what Sam has or his teeth so
he's not very happy he's been a little
cranky today
how are you feeling okay I've been doing
a daily update Oh daily update how you
feelin pretty good I feel like this is
the best you've gotten over something
though now thank you my love I'd like to
give a special thanks to my loved ones
out there oh look who it is coming into
the store hello hello that look right
now Jan was nice enough to hook him up
with the ride and the little cubby bear
this is why you'll give them candy dejan
what I called the wild weenie woman when
dachshunds just go crazy
hey this kid just keeps running in
circles and rolling around Hey Dude day
hunt feed you candy no hey Noah let's
try it
hey dude uncle dejan feed you candy yeah
did you feed your candy tonight dude
dejan feed you candy at the mall
hey no did you eat candy at the mall no
don't point to the candy dude you
already eat a lot of candy yeah
how much candidate he give you you think
how much candy do you think he gave you
oh yeah hold your arms out how much you
gave you just this much or this much was
it a lot no what did you promise not to
tell did you
you guys David poopy Barry I started a
channel okay okay it's right there DG I
think he goes by the I D G this
underslung is called David moved out the
second vlog is called meat stick
it's fun well ever old family a shiny
meat stick
yeah Salmons gonna watch meat stick
right now I think uh how many are you
gonna chill now good night good night
good night
it looks so weird
some tell oh you are deserves to be
tickled for all this say giddyup daddy
giddyup okay we have to be safe we can
only do things like this when mom's not
around oh oh is that how it goes I went
to get a few things and I guess my debit
cards not working because and it was
super embarrassing
especially being a pregnant hormonal
person really embarrassing Sam came and
saved me he borrowed a Hunt's car and so
that's why I dan was nice enough to
watch to Noah but he fed him candy I
know you did
my kid is bouncing off the walls right
now everything's out the Bang is just my
card my pins aren't working so I tried
two different pins tonight and maybe in
my brains just completely shot and I
have no idea what my pin is anymore
but the two I tried didn't work so it
was super embarrassing because there was
like it was like of course Saturday
night the most busy day was on a Sam's
Club in the world and there's a huge
line behind me and then I was my face is
all red and hot no she looked beautiful
when I showed up not really did I was
trying not to cry oh my
someone tweeted you and say you know
that feeling when you're young and
you're at the grocery store with your
mom and they're like oh I got to go grab
one more thing and they're like slowly
scanning of items and you're like come
on I don't have anything to pay at this
for like and your parents seem to take
forever to come back Dejan you're
dealing with him next time you give him
all that candy I'm to bring him over and
bring him to your house he's going crazy
he's been going crazy what for at least
a half hour now oh yeah for an hour yes
he was crazy and Panda 2 a lot today we
don't acknowledge the screaming because
he was screaming a couple months ago
whenever we acknowledged it he screamed
bored so if we just ignore him
moral the story is shout outs all the
parents out there with one kid two kids
three kids people with crazy hyped sugar
kids WrestleMania 20,000 here at the San
Miguel household we will continue to
wrestle get this boy to sleep and talk
to you guys very soon
no say bye say bye I feel like I just
have to show the crazy side look at it
guys I promise you were good parents I'm
gonna come over there yeah yeah you were
really good dad you know that you
probably have the best set in the world
to put up with that I'm so recording
yeah good dad he's so tired and does it
feel really well right now and he's
putting up with this bum in his face
that's a good massage what I call it
hurts Noah puncture yeah so he bought
this shimmer tree bought this tree
thinking it was like a little bit bigger
sweet yeah it does look pretty sweet on
the box and then like sitting on a table
and some looks so nice yeah and then we
never price on it and I was like well
I'm gonna go skinny how much look how
tiny it turned out to be
it's like teeny tiny I just know Noah's
gonna use it as a weapon
there's sparkles going everywhere oh
babe we just return it and get more
woodland creatures let's just return and
get woodland creatures no it looks like
something that you would like walk and
do a horror it's called the Huntress or
something and the this witch like
there's like this enchanted swamp forest
that they have lost dude that looks like
something that would be done it's really
pretty but like for a zoo Ella's house
and not a baby house our house is not
that is not for baby proof house I think
the little cloth a little burlap wraps
around the bottom which is kind of
hilarious
poopy came over we're gonna watch Star
Wars - no I really wanted to ten-foot
Santa but supposedly 100 blasts it's way
too big
yeah but how awesome it would if he
would blow up 10-foot stand outside of
our house I told my siblings to expect a
10% outside of our house because they're
hosting Christmas this year
well what if we don't have any Santa out
there we really want to go fallout we're
feeling the Christmas my mom said you
100 I don't think she has them anymore
no way no I think she got rid of all
depressing yeah yeah definitely not 10
feet more like 10 inches but there was
just a slightly creepy like thinking
back on it yeah please don't put some
weird splices around these houses like
it was it was super fun because she
would collect Santa's her friend
collected snowman I think and she
collected the Santa ones yes she also
really went through a phase where she
collected all
Mouse ornaments like the mouse it's
really pretty it's like a champagne code
tree they'd want a tree that's cute
that's depressing it kind of looks like
something for a haunted house that is
terrible most excited for this holiday
season
Sam's working on it right now I know
there's like random pokey spots like
it's cute but like for like it'd be
really cute but not for our house I love
it
Oh
ring-a-ling
that Christmas from Walmart really sings
okay give me the world the story today
yet probably nothing more of the story
be humble
Ronda Rousey she just got dominated I
think it's a conspiracy Jen always
thinks the fights are conspiracy this
whole world of conspiracy
whoa-ah Marla story
make sure your cards work before you go
to the grocery store make sure your
husband's home so you can come rescue
you I did rest here you did yeah don't
give your kid don't let de hunt feed
your kids six pieces of candy avoid
sugar DEA's like our Christmas lights
they add to the blogging don't you think
you can't see him as well as in person
though it's so much better in person
here tap on the lights
yeah yeah there we go yeah
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I need that dude I
need that Noah
everyone at me and Express was like so
uh where'd it go
where's in dad's hands doesn't have it
check that hands it's in there as it is
in my hands
oh I met ha ha ha
