happy Sunday we haven't done this in a
long time but today we're doing a
one-take Sunday
first I'd like to show you that I made
enchiladas and they're really good vs
the recipe and they tasted great
poopy for dinner and for our one take up
here Sam with Noah's way to start pieces
you didn't know what painted that it was
amazing I love that one
Noah hasn't been himself fully today but
that's okay
he's going a little cry now show me show
me you doing discus he's never easy to
be a what's it called the decathlon
decathlon yeah
decathlon I know G it's like discuss
with cork pop holders where this whoa
crazy man coasters thank you getting
crunk for today's one takes Sunday we're
having a daily dish part two but it's
Sam and David are you going poopy okay
oh my gosh that clip I didn't know
itself uh nice words and words if you
guys don't know who we started a YouTube
channel it's David Augustine Guerrero go
check it it's DG DG Augustine no I
thought it was da Guerrero Augustine
yeah DG Augustine it's not as Instagram
so go check it out if you want to go
watch just crazy little videos um Cheers
yeah how so let's let's figure out how
how are things going since moved out
do you miss us of course that's why I'm
always here but we've had mom for dinner
it was fun um what else
you date anyone yet no that's a no your
eye on anyone no lady he's still he's
still single
do you hear that he's still single I
guess so and you still shopping your
wife at night I actually don't know
where the sharpener went in the move I
lost him really yeah well I'm waiting
for boxes I don't know where yeah I
looked at all a lot of my ladies well I
guess we'd have to put that in a
stocking a new knife sharpener oh my
gosh oh my gosh that would be hilarious
Sam Sam had David we do a name draw
every actually reply of having suffered
I have a good idea although it could be
dangerous like sticking your hand down
and anyway it was not nice he's just he
has was a PI having one and Sam's
blowing it up out of proportion which is
hilarious David's birthday is on
Christmas he's a Christmas baby which
honestly is good and bad Hey in his life
he never had a birthday party but half
of it was his choice my mom offered to
have one he's never had a birthday party
well every time we've ever tried all my
friends are always like all right I know
and we try we would try to like plan one
like in the summer but right right but
with like in December everyone's out of
town we're gonna throw you the birthday
party you've never had Christmas and I
guess we'll have to do something short
there oh no way
and on Wednesday we find out a word girl
and we have a couple ideas on how to
tell you what all I know at the doctor
see I kind of do because I just I'm so
impatient
to find out later right right now have
them put it in a book although my
biggest worry is I feel like when I'm
watching them do the open sound you're
gonna figure it out yeah because if
you're like zooming in like do you think
you not be able to look like I'm not
right he was a boy for sure so even like
this time if they're like looking around
I'm gonna feel like it's a girl because
they may have to look really hard for
Noah I mean they always usually right I
just feel like no was just great Eagle
that day yeah that's a big old source of
that so that's really exciting saying
when they don't update you on your
channel honey any girls in your life um
well there's one right here and
potentially another one
whoa whoa potentially another one yeah
and your belly that could be it could be
a girl it could be a boy but it's
probably a boy it's a Bellevue boy I'm
just gonna my hopes up that was on total
accident
we don't know CeCe
excuse me he just chucked this ball at
me he's all about these I don't know
that you said she
oh hey Noah hey daily dish with you
what's what do you have to say oh you
got your clip we ran out of space right
we ran out of space though sorry this is
now I get a get a one take Sunday
remains every single one take you know
every single one take we ever done
nothing again I want to know what Hey
Hey look at me look at me
look at mom hey are you feeling any
better oh gosh oh gosh oh gosh hey you
know that whoa
Lanta they're crazy me and you guys will
see tomorrow he was crazy yesterday he
was super crazy oh my gosh
because dan from candy too much candy
overtired
oh it's okay yes
nose is running and I'm not sure if he
got cold
you already had your fruit not sure if
they got Sam's cold or if it's a
teething snot I can't tell I just can't
tell I think he's just whatever anyway
um so poopies still single
he loves his new place he he still hangs
out a while and um should we tell him
about our funding calling in churches we
got a funny calling in church okay it's
good for us it's kind of funny yeah so
in our church we they're Scouts Cub
Scouts end of it yeah I thought you know
it's together we're masters together
what we have been called to here cub
masters that's all hey any cut masters
out there together come master let's get
a little bark you've been a cup master
or if you if you're a den leader let us
know what cub masters do let's know ya
Eagle Scout I'm gonna weebo I'm gonna
star Scout I've been a lifestyle I've
been a bobcat a wolf and bear so he
should be fine at this long time yeah we
should if your Scoutmaster or no come
master come master collaborate yeah we
should because we have no way to get
over doing this all I remember literally
I was like the cheers well there's
Pinewood Derby right there's like the
blue banquet right I made the boat race
and then there's like to choose like the
water volunteer where it's like we
should ask if people somebody that hey
let's keep everyone know let's give him
a hand
my mom and dad reminded me that there's
the ketchup - oh my gosh so uh we really
have no idea what we're doing and this
like literally took me like blindsided I
was like wait what
as I wasn't called the nursery again
like I've been in the past three years
nursery and primary but I'm kind of
excited for something new but it's kind
of intimidating because we have not been
involved in scouts ever in our life
I love it oh yeah thanks a lot anyway so
yeah let us know if you're a cub master
out there or if you know about one eight
to eleven eight Cub Scouts I like to
play Nintendo 3ds
I got a hoverboard and oh that was a
joke whatever whatever liars o'clock
10:00 p.m. released tomorrow Battlefront
although I've been playing yeah so long
vlog tomorrow we have out it's on the
footage yesterday mm-hmm got a lot of
fun exciting babies don't have to miss
this now I have an enchilada baby we'll
have to start you know people can start
saying boy or girl we should have a hole
although alrighty I've seen more people
saying it's a girl I think it's because
most of you guys wanted people wanted I
think you just want to be a girl
we'll see honestly my battalion my boy
and then how do you mean girl what a
babes vote your favorite melon is
whether it be the water the cantaloupe
or the blue one the green one that's
honeydew and go pop over this channel
and see what say what's up yeah say hi
if you like this that were to ask you
like that you make your baskets your mom
tell about that life right so if I
haven't posted a skateboarding video
he's working on it he's okay Oh try
again this is very try Oh try again he's
got to do his role on the floor he's
gotta do his role on the floor no no
I'm Meghan barb don't make it barb I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that I'm just I thought you tried to
hit his head take a right on the camera
the other day saw that I know we're
gonna have people start some in Eclipse
oh yes cuz we can want to world for a
while but now it's the day hon dance
dance
although really it's time today on dance
it's uh it's uh what was it guys
no hit the Quan yes but today on dance
and the dance Mary Eclipse yeah
