good morning sweet world yes Bailey day
on yeah
you
I've literally gone the first half of
this day thinking it was thursday but
it's right so happy friday it's the
weekend enjoy a weekend i just got back
from michael's because I changed my mind
with the stocking colors I decided that
because i was doing nose at first but i
don't almost be more fun colors like
orange and green and blue or whatever so
i decided to leave the red gray and
white for mine but i'm adding a purple
so I'm moving like purple sparkly and
this as the body and then a red tow end
cuff hopefully it turns out we'll see I
had to call Chrissy this morning to try
to figure out what part of stuck on um
Noah's nothing right now sam's editing
right now son justin bieber back what
he's currently ginger he's careless and
justin bieber's new album he wasn't a
justin bieber's album update on how
you're feeling it's in his throat now so
he has to just cough all the boogers out
which is disgusting because sam Hawks
ladies and i think it's nothing the one
thing you want to do what's the one
thing you want to do on camera come on
you know you used to do it what i used
to do that sit down and interview a
person Oh dailydish okay daily dish with
Trish daily dishes Trish Terry over five
dead I mother this is oh what a sweet
moment tails this is tayos mother Trish
this is Trish's daughter tati and her
granddaughter and tail and tati are
siblings people still wonder that I know
and so I just want to clear up and on ok
give us something saucy now goes the
real dish never you know see no camera
assets everyone wants to know why
everyone was no one why you're never on
camera I'm shy it's her choice it's her
choice to not be on cam exactly it is
cuz
gene is just the sweetest what are the
best neighbors ever okay but don't do
one do I she said the other day that she
wanted to do good morning sea world and
then do the dahon dance yes yes okay
good morning sweet world yes Bailey day
on yeah I know that's going in that's
good i know that was low can you turn to
the day hun dance where's Noah in the
bushes the bushes ain't nothing that was
so good that was so good those that's my
neighbor right haha can have much cooler
neighbors in that looks so good yeah
yeah that was so good we're keeping that
forever I'm keeping that forever yeah so
yes that's tails beautiful mother yes
his beautiful mother I'm tails better
half hahaha why are you talking but I
guess no do it again for me you should
you should I should do together no let's
do together I guess Ava then we have Ava
mother-daughter duo let's do it do the
dahon dance
yes come on you know how yeah okay you
do to tail good yeah detail do you still
do you still hate the Red Ranger if he
wants him to be spider-man for his
birthday Oh David birthday party this is
dejan oh my gosh did you hear that day
mom you've been requested for birthday
parties you have officially been
requested for party but as spider-man
and not hurry hi why is he hi hi Tedy
bus yeah say hi to Eva though your hands
are dirty kid you playing the dirt yeah
that's her hat and I'll leave her head
there her ears are cold like yours no
soft soft say hi Eva Oh kisses oh he
just gave her a full-on mouth kiss that
was so nice that was so nice look at
this look at this oh I don't even know
if I got that on camera I can't see
anything Oh didn't I can't I can't get
it to it no that is so nice you don't be
lookin she's like uh no more kisses you
want to recruit she's like mom oh he's
love struck have you been hit by Cupid's
arrow yes she's your age to Noah yeah
this could totally date be married he's
like what not at all
perfect been back and forth from the
store I gotta go be there tonight
tonight is my shift and closing I'm
dressed as a dr. Seuss who character no
are you feeling better today yeah
covetous mmm oh oh it's that dance move
Oh revving the engine rep whoa revving
the engine love you have you oh no shock
no what's up someone's got to fill up
the top of the wall dad right there says
Sid Sid the Kid this one what does that
say yeah all your dreams follow me on
Twitter sit and live on korean game
masters they just got a Dasher and we
decided to put him up there I don't know
if they'll stay there I want him to stay
there I don't know if everyone else is
down if you come to the store take a
selfie with Dasher tweet it to me and
I'll give you a virtual high five yeah
I'm okay sound good BAM it's Friday
night here at the store hanging out
dejan apparently just got the hook-up um
I just had dinner and after dinner i
always crave candy um if you look we're
deeply inspected by chemical vlogs
abstract Island so there's a local
canyons over here and our local mall and
I just got Oh
I just got a lot of candies and we're
gonna lay it all out and say what I got
here's a age rails here with us I wanted
to throw it on me hop is gonna celebrate
Emmy brio ME ME know wha yeah dude I'm
gonna have to dust this off into the
garbage can they're doing some bikini
man he's not doing it right the zone
shut up to Canada check it out it's only
a matter of time before Santa will come
visit the mall tenean Santa's coming i
also just got Jenna some shoes at foot
locker Milo that my love oh you show me
your progress though I'm excited about
this well it's only half of it she looks
excellent did the toe to thin but
whatever that's pretty cool so I've got
to do another hat so there's a stocking
that Jenna's made for Christmas no half
half of a stocking this print or pattern
i should say is one that my sister made
a lot of people are asking about it so
i'll put a link to her blog post about
the pattern she made this right like
behind it base kind of off of Anthony
anthropology's didn't have a pattern so
she just made a pattern for it pretty
cool yeah it's really cool that's pretty
awesome not hard like I'm a bag I
consider myself a beginner knitter and I
can do it so we need knitting classes
but gasps some things you might have to
youtube like I had to use Chrissy's
helping does she have a video like this
no she needs one okay here are the shoes
that I got Jen we get a lot of bag hold
on dejan and I have been looking for
these shoes for Jen all summer and we
can never find ones that were around her
size foot locker is right across from us
and they got this pair in yesterday from
California sometimes other foot lockers
will send their shoes to them oh cuz
they didn't it never got these in the
story to begin with so one pair do you
know what they look like they're grey
with red on the bottom no you remember
hot lavas
no brand new and this cool yeah I feel
like I can't pull these off though hold
on any good sucks okay yeah you gotta
try them on he's awesome I'm pumped
these are Jordan fives pretty cool no
not as right as I thought not lovin I
think it's the color way but I can't
pull them off only at the return oh well
you can pull them off I mean you're
gonna pull them off in your sweat pants
and shirt don't fit or something cuz
there's half size small well it's a
little different if it please tell me
they fit they fit I think so yes ok you
can hold on so these are a six and a
half in youth which is our its size 8
and women's but Jensen eight and a half
they're tight it's weird like the youth
sizes aren't the same as their and
women's are a little tight yeah this
might be too tight I feel like I cannot
pull these off well yes you can okay let
me help you out I got my Chicago ones on
today by the way ok let's see him let's
see him oh dang you could pull those off
jen yeah I'm not being a mother to come
on moms can be cool well not in this
outfit ok now that outfit it's like my
little too tight but my toes are crushed
oh look at those those are nice Jen hot
dang when you like a half size bigger
kayat boot instead we're going to bed so
I decided to show you my progress I
still need to add the red cuff at the
top but I could actually like put my
foot in that I kind of messed up a
little bit but whatever it's my first
one you always will be better I think
you look sweet I wish this would be a
little bigger whoops that's definitely
enough to hold stuff though see you
tomorrow got my face done made this for
me when you're I'm wearing it right now
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy
imma be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood aura
journalist much Spanish Spanish name be
somewhere hola Susan well
