there's a baby BJ is the baby just waved
good morning sweet world we are all here
at today's doctor's appointment
Penelope's here Noah is here I woke up
at 3:30 a.m. after falling asleep at
8:20 so I still got like 7 hours of
sleep and I've just been trying to get
everything done after a holiday weekend
which is kind of rough you know you like
kind of run around and I got to have
different things I need to do and so I'm
kind of falling behind so I'm working on
that today zooming in all her family is
gone my parents are leaving me it's been
a full week ok favorite memory of this
past week we've done a lot Thanksgiving
feast thank you yes any time it was a
great time I've been crying all morning
many other things to list though we just
did so many fun things yeah there's a
lot of fun so ripping ripping foxy until
next time hopefully soon sooner than
later are you guys best friends 10 days
apart these two oh no you're gonna miss
Illinois like peaches like I just don't
know what sing she loves this movie so
much you're gonna keep her where you
gonna put her and BJ's kid we had so
much fun during Thanksgiving though huh
plus we got more family coming for
Christmas but right now let's head to
the doctor's appointment I probably
should have just stayed home a dick
it's but we wanted to be supportive for
Mom huh
no bet soon as we walk through the doors
PJ starts crying and she thinks we're
here for her so we're like trying to
calm her down right now I'm just like
maybe I should stay back but here we are
getting another ultrasound today right
yeah I went to bed early but I woke up
early so I look insanely tired I'm
finally not sick anymore mad at my first
trimester
which is really nice that was really
sick it's really good I'm happy so I'm
hoping everything looks good but the
baby today I kind of talked a little bit
this morning with my bike ride with my
friend Erica which is great and we're
gonna go I'm gonna try hi Fitness
tonight which I'm really excited about
and also kind of nervous because I I
have been cycling while working out and
I first with the holidays just haven't
gone so we did a mini bike ride this
morning and now we're gonna go to -
there's tonight and I've always wanted
to try it my cousin raves about it and
so many of my friends teach it up in
Utah so I'm excited try they try it
today and it's after the kids are better
- eight so that's kind of nice and also
12 loop appointment today I'm officially
12 weeks I'm so happy I feel like I've I
feel like I've been pregnant forever
already but I have it tell I told weeks
so we're going to my ultrasound today
which we really finally get to see the
baby and hear the heartbeat and
everything um and starting to pooch out
a little bit you can tell there's
definitely some baby in there but
there's also a little bit of Putra
before but i never got rid of from PJ so
but yeah we're gonna go to just level
bar you burger and it's still so weird
somewhere that there's a baby
there's a baby BJ see no I do you see
that maybe he's a lot bigger it's a day
than last time still pretty small
no are you looking to see the baby
ladies the baby just waved I did you see
that right there what do you see so he
just got back from the ultrasound and
everything is going well you're a little
worried on the way because you know when
you're pregnant you have like crazy
weird dreams and it's just all your
anxieties and your dreams as though
baby's healthy so I'm always nervous
like going in because you're just you
want everything to go well and they're
just praying for everything to be
perfect right I'm a little more at ease
having gone through two but still it
scared me right as you're waiting but
yeah everything looks good spine looked
good we I think I saw the heart filling
valves and stuff you are doctors like
really quiet and calm and doesn't really
say much
that's over just like kind of just a
Cavell it when I'm vlogging during it
like recording stuff it's like just very
quiet like he's just a lot different
than my old doctor and the practice is
just different like I don't have to do
urine samples every time or like certain
things idea it's not bad that was a
really fast appointment yeah it was
great especially cuz we're the kids and
there's like no one there and think
maybe cuz anyway you know you trying to
record shows there's like no in there
maybe because the holidays you like I
don't to book the Monday after so you've
been to the doctor with this twice we've
been to two ultrasounds how did it go I
thought it was really cute how are you
showing Penelope what was about to
happen
bad yeah where'd you think of the baby
did you see the baby yeah oh you don't
have a baby in your belly it's in
mommy's belly huh
no in momma's belly PJ thought we were
there for her so we had to like trying
to calm her down and stuff yeah so is it
crazy
say baby
yeah she's a daddy I don't have a baby
no the coolest part though as you guys
saw is when the baby is waving so now
everybody's gone and we are cleaning up
we got this extra table for Christmas
and Thanksgiving and just future things
and it was actually pretty nice because
we did eat outside I wish we had a more
patio furniture and just kind of like a
nicer back patio but it was still fun we
are cleaning everything hosting is
exhausting Jen did a tremendous job Jen
did most of the food have you noticed
that our kids like our attention when
we're vlogging look yes okay keep the
light on oh yeah I went well the kids
actually got a cold towards the middle
of everyone stayed and then I felt sick
the past two days what I'm feeling a
little weird today and now we are
preparing for more family hopefully
we're a little bit more prepared this
time this pool is just having things
more ready I don't think we were bad
everyone says you're a great host but I
just want to like not playing it for the
week up I'd rather okay to you and Tati
yeah I don't know about that I just need
to be better like at buying drinks maybe
two weeks before just things not well I
favor just stocking up because it's hard
to go to the store so many times and
then you're like oh my gosh
how so much money feeling good feeling
great I think we are going to start
decorating outside maybe tonight
I maybe not outside but we'll do some
lights inside and add some more
ornaments to the tree we're going to put
up lights around my upper front of the
TV area we actually did a video where we
got some of our decorations done and I'm
still waiting for that to be approved
because it was pretty fun to shoot so
you guys does this ever happen
everyone had I do can teleport hats
today look at my hair right now yeah I
mean I woke up at 3:30
that's three fine right now I've been
awake for 12 hours except I got a 30
minute you got a little napping I got a
long nap like hour and a half I woke up
freaking Ella what's happenin what I was
head pigeon is today what is future wink
I ran upstairs he was still passed out
at 3:30 through 20 so I made her get up
sighs she'll sleep tonight
so I got the fridge cleared back out
there's no holiday stuff in there and
more I got mostly eaten which was great
there was hardly any leftovers to throw
out yes I need a clean stovetop means
take scrubbed was I saying I don't know
oh yeah I just need groceries and
there's baby's face it in rain that's
today
I'm such a sweet sister dinner's cooking
we've got the Christmas stuff out we're
gonna decorate the tree and what do we
have out here we've got a reindeer in a
snowman that we haven't pulled out in a
very long time so we're gonna plug them
in and see if they'll stand up on their
own or not we'll see you here hold this
be very still okay Rossi's only have NIC
different things this this is so man
okay another frosty frosty there friend
whoa girl way no see let me see
whoa here comes the reindeer coming
tonight yeah they've got a Santa what's
really fun is in our neighborhood a lot
of people have these little inflatables
it's kind of fun she took them by our
front door over here maybe we should
have him block the nasty pumpkin guts
we'll figure out daddy we'll figure out
where to put them huh
bring the extension cord okay let's go
continue let's go put some stuff up here
it is a Santa but Santa has numbers
attached to it you see that that's gonna
be our countdown we're gonna change the
numbers every day until it gets to dip
till Christmas day okay oh gee got this
for us isn't it so cute okay here's our
look at my mom it's so cute look at this
little Santa so glittery we have an
official Christmas countdown okay the
tree is decorated Oh angel oh it's up
there I've just realized with the Angels
up I'm gonna haul our ornaments on
I'll show you some of my favorites I
love the new ones we got this year for
Penelope Noah I'd say their name I've
always loved this little Santa and this
one but one of my favorites are theirs
we have the manger scene this one that I
got rid of last year I think this one to
my favorites love that one
no I love my dream come to nothing my
friends here anyway my friend goes - hi
I think I've seen this this morning but
anyway long story short we're going and
hopefully I don't pass out I wish I
could go upstairs and show you guys the
kids rooms cuz they currently have
Christmas lights in their room okay my
friends here
come back y'all we'll be back
