good morning guys I am here with
something really exciting we have been
really fortunate enough to team up with
honest brand and have them help sponsor
our channel and it's amazing because
I've told you guys this before but I
love that company anyway I'm coming
today with a new bundle that I got
recently they've become holy grails like
no joke holy grails I have backups for a
few of these items because I love them
so much my number one go-to I have like
told so many people about this soothing
bottom wash all of my friends and
everyone that I see who's pregnant I
tell them to go and get bottom wash
because this has saved my life I was at
the doctor had some like a substitute
doctor because mine was busy and she was
like oh my daughter's pregnant do you
like recommend anything and I said on
his company but wash get it because it
is Holy Grail try please and what's
awesome is that like with all of these
things like all the honest friend
company you can just order them all
online so for this last bundle that we
got we've got like the laundry detergent
which I was really excited to try
because you guys know Noah's skin is
like super uber sensitive I can't use
any thing with a scent or anything at
all so I have to get all free and clear
detergents any detergent I get and so I
was really excited to try this one and
as you can tell I've already used like a
quarter of it he hasn't broken out in a
while and it's really good
another one of my Holy Grail products
that
to reorder from for this bundle that I
got specifically was the butt cream
I've tried probably five different but
creams and none of them like help none
of them have helped this is the only one
that has helped literally the only one
this helps clear it up so fast and help
soothe heal and protect and it literally
does this has been the only thing that
helps get rid of butt rash and keep him
like from getting butt rash really
excited to test out the hand wash that
we just got cuz I'm out up here so I
really wanted to try something some
other products besides just baby
products that's why I wanted to try like
some cleaning products too and we got
the bubble bath which Noah is obsessed
with look we were used I love that too
he and Noah he and Sam are low obsessed
with the bubble bath so honestly every
time we have a bath now he wants a
bubble bath and the healing balm or when
they have just like little dry patches
love it so this came in a bundle as you
can see what's really cool if you're
interested in getting a bundle you can
hop on their website and customize your
own bundle you can choose different ones
like if you want more of like household
cleaning items you can pick that or you
can get like diapers and wipes I do love
their diapers as well and your wants I
think next time I'm going to try the
shampoo and conditioner for Noah and C
or the shampoo and body wash and see how
he likes that but it's really fun so if
you're interested in testing out any of
these products that I honestly i highly
recommend go check out their websites am
only the link in the description below
with a discount code for 25% off your
bundle so if you go and pick out a
bundle you can get discount and it's
awesome because bundles um i'm a little
bit more affordable okay show me what
you need what do you want something in
the fridge what do you want that's in
the fridge you just had oh do you see
the watermelon
that's him run washers on over there and
take a seat in the same spot where he
goes every day this is his spot right
here on the couch okay it's coming
he doesn't like cantaloupe I put it in
there anyway see if you need it do you
like that
QP oh there's cute face
he was good cute face
very cute face ah Kristy glass posse
vlogs
she made a pattern on Ravelry it's a
stocking pattern that I think I'm going
to attempt they're really cute stockings
they're anthro inspired and I've kind of
want to attempt them what's dad doing
Noah
ladies and gentlemen turn towards me
babe
the stache is back the stash is back
it's a little light right now
don't worrying about a week it'll be
dyed to match is there
don't and that that it aunt aunt aunt
that it is truly the most wonderful time
of the year don't you just stand in
these ayahs that is a nice rose gold
dear hello rose gold dear what shall we
name you how about Rosie Oh er she's
Yoshi's woolly world tourneys like their
Christie glass ornament yeah there was a
pretty cool Christi's i think of
Christine so I Ken said before she wants
to make stockings for our family so
we're here getting materials we're also
looking at ornaments other things to
spruce up the house for the holiday
season because you can't tell we're
already pretty excited I need help
Jen's facetiming my sister getting help
right now here in the yarn aisle well I
need to find Noah because this is the
realistic part of shopping with the
toddler there you are
yeah hey what did I say
don't touch stuff guys this is this is
the realistic part of shopping with Noah
be making a candy cane something for
Christmas what is that I don't even know
what this stuff is I agree I think the
candy cane stripes would go better do
you like this train
Wow it's Christmas little Charlie like
we do up in Chicago fine this is really
cute set up right here okay I've got my
basket of yarn hopefully this works out
I've got some giant enormous knitting
needles
and now I'm ready to get started
so we were trying to figure out why we
couldn't get a parking spot at the
grocery store today like liquor store
that's smaller in town apparently the
whole world is here just for eight items
turkey Oreos baking chips deli sliced
ham hot cocoa brownie mix clementines
and cheese these things are like a
pretty good deal for all those items my
difference is here to buy them because
they're on sale this place is packed and
turkeys ten turkeys in their car
meanwhile I'm sitting here like yeah I
do need two pounds of cheese for four
dollars crazy is the Black Friday of
eight grocery items
this is insane
there are no parking spots available on
this lot
oh you stole the phone never cook cream
what was the soup kickin crab something
kickin crab Campbell's something or
other my house reeks of seafood I feel
too salty I couldn't finish it
yeah it stunk these guys are some pigs
in a blanket now he's making great combo
more salt I'm picking the blanket how's
your day been
yeah carefully just ate dinner that was
funny when you took out his Nala
ornament the nose trip to play a tiny
bit oh I think it's funnier than it
really is
yeah how's your magic was no one eyes
are still closed okay I can look oh my
god that's perfect
it's the babes look okay thank you thank
you so much it's for my tree aw you're
too sweet
ah that was all Jen all day and just
like that Christmas has begun at the
Anderson's Christmas has begun Wow
Wow it's not as blue as it seems in
kitten the camera looks so pretty oh
yeah all the lights in general look
really blue watching a Beethoven
Christmas now definitely for the kids
excited he helped us the whole way like
from the lights up in every single chair
that I said I did stand on it with me so
Jen is now working on our Christmas
stockings yeah very nice very cool yeah
pretty cool dad like your own Christmas
creations handcrafted things my mom made
all of our stockings that's pretty cool
the other thing is is that jen has said
this before but she just said it again
and that is that she thinks she might
feel no I definitely baby definitely I
felt the baby definitely felt the baby
for at least a week now but I don't
think you'll be able to feel it for Phil
yet although this is the time you felt
that last time it is bigger this time do
you probably know very subtle though but
she's the baby the baby is really low
like a lot I don't know it's super low
you think lower than Noah was because I
do feel like I'm bigger up here already
I don't know I just feel it down here so
I'm like maybe it's just gas but I've
done the baby but I don't know I can't
tell it's mostly when I'm sitting like
crunched over pretty cool
guys the light like changes the whole
vibe of the room all the lights are out
except for the Christmas lights and I
really enjoy it it's really nice
I'm gonna go drink this smoothie go to
bed
Jen already fell asleep I just went
upstairs and prayed with her and I'm
gonna go to bed myself see yes tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood like it well it's
kind of cool huh
like usually changes through the whole
movement of the room mood lights
