you guys are silly
whoa breakdance
whoa-oh-oh crazy arms crazy arms crazy
arms whoa
we were playing outside and then Noah
came running inside and just started
dance so tayo started to dance with him
huge feel like dancing kid and kicking
the ball Oh Miranda ran into dancing
Reina dancing
let me fix it
come here your head sleeping back there
you go
he loves having this on his head even
though it doesn't fit in it's hilarious
then kick the ball with the helmet on
your head
look it's Halloween wait come here Noah
let's take it off it's too big for you
Noah
shoot some whoops shoot some hoops whoa
slam dunk try that again tayo do another
slam dunk yeah buddy whoa
she's your ball Noah throw your ball in
the hoop oh so close I'm frustrated
I hate being ill I hate not feeling like
myself oh man what is wrong with me loud
sneeze trap teller okay let me read you
trapped out come here time Tyler look at
trapped other trapped other look at trip
tell there's pants and socks i swag guys
oh oh
Church other has gotten a lot of inks
and sees me of tea time trapped under
this tweet says have you watched
survivor second chance yes out there
tonight is a great one with three
exclamation points from Angela stout
Angela thank you for that tweet we also
have another tweet coming in today
stop Rebecca is doing the face mask only
that why that's pretty cool Rebecca Oh
Justine meanors Justine meanors Nina's
18 okay but did you watch Survivor
tonight question mark question mark it's
time to go watch Survivor it's time to
go watch survivor
Sam is fun holiday Madagascar thought
about putting on method gas goggles all
animals and funny animals and knows
already mesmerized by it he loves
animals now know what sound does a dog
make update these soften his nostrils
because he's turning into a little boy I
just can't stop thinking about it lately
and Lou came inside after dinner and I
was like the person now he's like a boy
that's like six feet huge and just just
trying to talk his own thoughts now it's
just crazy because I'm the person and
I'm loving it I love this stage I've
loved most most of all the sages one was
kind of hard when he first turned one
but now it's like I'm gonna just sit
there smooth chilling on the couch he's
teething I think I think you're getting
these much now he's found the corner one
see they're so great
hey I love you I love you my little
brother just texted me a couple months
ago and said I made my first vlog he
just a house to her so now he's like but
now I have tidied it into a crying face
so it should be fun he's like I didn't
realize how much of a dork I was but
he's found out as a dork a because yes
so that'll be fun I'm excited to see
what his first video looks
Judah's remember when we were moving and
house making same class closet and he
refused to give up his Tupac shirt well
I guess for right reasons because he's
choosing to wear it today I have not
worn that in so long
yeah busted that once a year I guess
right now it's the time I just had
because I noticed who is wearing it
because I noticed the dollar bill for
that what is it a hundred dollar bill on
the back of a shirt I think I got a Ross
Ross yeah but still I must say wearing a
Tupac necklace with hundred dollar bills
on do-rag and there's anything on the
back well I guess it's a good thing you
didn't get rid of that he almost did I
almost made him I wanted to and he hid
it he hid it from me so I went throw it
away
hey he's wearing it so I guess what's up
what's up Jen know just where all the
other shirts that are up in the closet
okay oh look at that just in the nick of
time Justin I told you you could cook it
here Oh Darren oh you did yeah look at
gentlemen under here for a survivor
night I was just comforting on Sam's
Tupac shirt so that's why it Tyler I've
been I've been thoroughly enjoying your
videos so I must say what's that mean
I've been thoroughly enjoying your vlogs
thank you it's hilarious nothing like
two minutes no okay all right it was
good it was pretty funny
thank you that's pretty fine I must say
great a great episode of Survivor
tonight Jen when she say great episode
no spoilers no spoilers JoJo's anyways
alright here's the question the night
before everyone leaves if you were on
Survivor everyone shows up wearing an
outfit a clothing item sometimes they're
wearing suits sometimes
whatever okay so that's the question
what would you wear if you're on
Survivor
what would you resonate no your outfit
short pants great would take those a
tank top a swimsuit that did not let my
boobs hang out and a sports bra instead
of Victoria's Secret lingerie I've
worried exactly what changes no you know
what you have to say I'm a full body
Santa costume and my Chicago one I wear
a mix of jinns and daehan's outfit
amphibian shorts because you can wear
them as shorts or two in France
some people were the five fingers on
their feet would wear the five fingers
no I don't know if you wanted those done
anyways what would you wear if you're
showing up to the island health update I
still look like crap
felt a little bit better though drink a
lot of liquids I think the humidifier
helped a ton Jenny are you asleep you
get a lot done though a lot of you guys
are like I forget the Jen's pregnant
and I don't I never forget that you're
pregnant but you don't act like that
stereotypical pregnant woman I feel like
she has more energy than me most of the
time she's good though every day she's
like I need to we need to plan an
activity for Noah we need to go out do
something a lot of playdates and things
like that so I think it's helped to you
creative yeah I think it's helped you to
just like being with friends and things
yeah
that's been good I'm really excited for
the holidays tonight I said that we're
gonna do our Christmas tree we're gonna
put it up next Monday on Monday because
we're gonna go out of town for
Thanksgiving and we just want to come
back to that setup we want to put lights
up outside we want to put lights up
inside I was thinking it'd be cool to
have lights and nose room but I would
probably throw off asleep so we won't do
that um I've already started to buy
Christmas presents for people I want to
get Christmas presents for friends
nothing elaborate but I did get
something for Tyler and Haley tonight
don't you think it's a good gift
I love it it was really good at getting
presents I don't know I'm not that good
but you can smell the wrapping
okay that's when I remember Jen's
pregnant cause she just super knows
anything I eat she's like no Jeff Brohm
because you wretched anyways I love
giving I think giving is more fun than
receiving most the time sometimes you
get a really good present you're like oh
man that was awesome I love receiving
heck yeah I really love what we got for
Tyler and Hayley I already have an idea
for Aaron and Dejan I think I know what
I want to get you know give cards we
always pull name for family members what
am I talking about this is not even
Christmas yet anyways we can talk about
that more later I'm just super excited
I'm already going and they were talking
about we're gonna get into a lot of
practical good stuff okay anyways we can
talk about that more later so yes
tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that I'm just speaker clip I think
tomorrow it'd be fun to take Noah to a
basketball court like a real-life
basketball court and show him what
shooting on a real hoop is like I don't
know if he'll really get it yet but I
gotta try and I gotta show off a little
bit for my dude yeah he does he
definitely knows what it is but I wonder
- feel like I don't know if he'll find
it fun you might running around will
bring his hoop - then we can both shoot
together
