hey I really don't have any good morning
everyone today we're going to smiths
marketplace to find some winter clothes
for Noah no it doesn't have the adequate
winter wear last night when he went out
in the snow we realized that quickly
that his hands we're starting to get
cold medium some gloves and some snow
gear especially if they have any here
because and where we saw last night Noah
already loves the snow right knee hasn't
even been able to play in it so right so
we need to get some like waterproof
boots and some pants probably we might
not find everything here now but
hopefully we find something you ready
jinx you ready I don't bring it yeah all
right let's go go boots
you
no I already found this favorite idol
that it goes what you find show me what
is that you just pointed out these years
like look that's all the basketballs
we're looking for the snow stuff for
Noah and he walked it upstate with to
baseball's hands me one and he's got one
over here hey let me see your baseball
know what let's see it cool dude thanks
for giving me one that's funny how he
just runs for those things and then
always grabs to is one of those for me
thank you yeah it's just chill yeah
let's just chill here man this is a coil
very cool I'll to sit in so much to look
at yep that's a volleyball we haven't
done that yet oh hey cool dude you can
play baseball oh goodness this is heaven
this is heaven for him yeah we'll take
the helmet off I think that's a little
too big for you buddy oh you like the
beat you like the helmet there you go so
daddy look how beautiful that is
snow-capped mountains
snow-capped mountains Noah currently has
a kit kat in one hand and a carrot in
the other hand he has to have two things
past two for every one that says that
you never drives she's driving right now
it's good
Tenzing to go hang out there Fred I'm
gonna check in at the store see how
things are going make sure no one's
doing anything uh no mop the floor babe
go mop the floor clean up after
everybody's mess she no see how things
are going and upload yesterday's vlog so
Jen's gonna go have a little play date
with a little humor Shelby and he'll cry
by myself a bug hey you look so big this
is her he's so he'll come herself so
cute his costume shall we so how is
dying he looked just like freaky nacho
libre and I was dying I don't call me
filming on Friday oh he's like okay I'm
ready put my shoes on yeah come come
give you a hug goodbye okay come here
you I'll give you a hug you don't know
it kemah huh no give him a hot it's like
an air hug no put your arms around him
crazy bones give him a hug got a
headbutt a hug huggin honking give him
some love gaui know you're like you more
captain crunch no more here this kid hey
I see with a different water bottle
every chance i get done anything all
right here goodbye you're so cute do you
see these mannequins there vlogging do
you see that or they're taking selfies
one of the two I really like how this
turned out though Aaron and Tyler put a
ton of work into making sure this was
leveled and looking all nice and pretty
that's like the little display window
that's right
yes right in there just go down him that
way to which is dangerous nothing like
two guys eating salad together Cheers no
love salad I love that I love salad look
at that but he want to eat Sam's because
that's Sam's bowl of salad he had to
have his own bowl of salad cheers oh I
think he likes to cuz it's easy for him
to put in his mouth Hey look he's like
yeah that's dad Oh like a piece of some
of my letters on his and he was like
like put in my bowl yeah any through a
tomato back at Sam didn't want dad
tomato you just bought your thumb you
gotta be careful watch there's a nice
for you
oh yeah she talent Oh nope hahaha thank
you I'm cooking up some soup potato
gnocchi that hopefully then we'll eat
when he was younger he can't really like
it but I'm hoping that he likes it now
okay sounds good oh man I just got hit
by something i don't know what it was
yet I wasn't feeling too well today when
I stopped driving I'll say a little bit
more you know you need to cut your hair
when has like an outline in the shadow
it's just poofy I come bearing humidity
a movie one for us one for Noah uh I'm
realizing i just had a terrible
combination of events that have occurred
got more juice I'm gonna try out this
new nasal swabs of zicam it says it's
new even though i feel like i've seen
that forever some naked juice and thus
cayenne pepper lemon concoction I didn't
feel too well during dinner tonight I
actually had like laid down I'm such a
wimp i am such a wimp you never laid
down during dinner i had a salad and I
was by the way this thing goes off like
every I don't know eighteen seconds and
it scares the crap out of us and I did
kind of get a whiff of that I wasn't
feeling that well and I was like well
sometimes I don't feel well the best
thing to do is go work out I felt pretty
good working out I play basketball ball
night it was good as you can see I
haven't showered yet kind of gross that
my nose started to feel all blah and my
throat and I realized that we're having
a perfect storm of events working very
hard getting not that much sleep shaking
hands hugging and touching lots of
people in germs I love you guys but we
all have bodies and germs and right now
the climate is changing from warm to
cold drastically as you can see it went
from like warm and then also knits
snowing and I'm taking care of myself
I'm
well the sleep part I babe we had to get
everything going the big the big event
the big event least I'm working we
stayed up till two watching survivor
last night okay mhmmm but I'm wearing
warm clothes right okay so it's just
like the perfect storm of events Plus
this is our third and fourth humidifier
because every year they break how did
the last one break Jenner opt it did I
drop it bro you ran straight into the
wall and jenna's this thing with space
I'm really I've terrible spatial
recognition that what's called spatial
sure depth you give her something nice
and or didn't what did I say that's why
we can't give you guys nice things why
Jen runs into things like constantly hip
checks the counter we have a hitch on
the back of the car and she constantly
hits her like on it she's hit stationary
poles she broke the humidifier by
running into something every time she
putting snow in the car she's a happy
but it's like I'm just like oh cuz it's
like such a close call in this head like
always kind of like his hair brushes the
top of the car as he had two hits the
tough look I'm pretty telleth not hard
oh he's not like oh but like high seas a
high target in it needless to say we're
on our third and fourth humidifier had
the first one bridge so I don't know not
old and gross yeah I was older so I got
these babies a cool mist one for our
room one for Jen's because last year oh
we had the same room yeah fun for Noah's
room 14 room I'm a wimp I need to stay
mentally strong or a wimp get tougher ah
really need to fix a lot of things my
life as far as my body guess great buddy
anyways I'm not taking any chances I'll
get rid of the sickness in 24 hours make
me some ramen I mean something hole and
let's just go make the bed and get in
that and go to bed I need to link for my
throat very good alright that's what's
going on right now yes remember we got
that photo book in the last vlog
and what a gift we got another one from
Patricia in Canada she's been dying for
us to open this not Jen do the honors
over for I'm going to drink look it's
like a card and beautiful Oh little
boxes this is gonna be so fun good it's
like different pictures than the other
but look at all these oh oh look gross
you're ruining the moment look it do you
guys know that they are scraping this
clean cleaning the whole thing off oh oh
my god this is really cool cuz we like
jen said oh we have not made any photo
books we have had these videos but it's
not like someone can just sit down and
watch the videos like hey you want to
know a little bit more about us they
could do that but it takes sometimes
photo but really I had like growing up
my mom used to always make these look
right please oh my gosh i love this is
like squaw bunch of different pictures
ladies so guys so much time like
literally look ever so these are from
Twitter gosh i love these seriously
there's just so much that's happened
this picture is really funny too because
at this moment when he first like got
together with jay and colette i remember
you're out to dinner we were all so
tired yeah like when I meet people like
actually meet up I don't like to just be
like oh here's you camper in your face
and as we're leaving Shay's like you can
avoid something like What's Up dad and I
was like okay like something we take a
little salad with this picture seriously
remember when you tried to do that
haircut we just like we just remember
they finish is bringing that back what I
don't know thank you so so much Patricia
that was so sweet of you I can't wait
for people to come and like come over
and read look at these books now said
selling hair mistake in the book i
spelled beautiful wrong I just read the
beautiful part and I didn't even know
it's like our brain sometimes they just
complete the word I don't know you just
assume everything so it's slowly cool I
love it I love it think very so so much
you're very thoughtful say now I'm gonna
put them both one up here on my shelf
and one right here on my shelf and that
people can come over and see them so
cute thank you so much guys tomorrow
I'll be a new man or you'll be on your
deathbed mana shield healthy oh i can't
meet my brain hurts baby if i were cold
no you can't take it so bad if you
choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood i look at
you yo hair dragon ball z do kamigami za
do that i've never watched a movie my
brothers used to watch it just do this
into the camera
