buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh better
Babu buttered up up a better
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey you uh put your
jacket on do the snow you like it huh
oh good afternoon everyone I know I just
woke up from his nap it was so nice and
warm out well not warm but it was like
you only need a sweater
but like the weather turn in the to a
half hour seriously it is so cloudy and
ugly the good thing we're doing what
we're doing I had promised Tay a while
back to take him to the indoor play
place I take Noah he's never been before
and I just know he'll love it cuz
there's one just to get little rooms he
can go in an indoor so it's the best
thing ever
today we basically just ran errands this
morning because I try to take Noah
I used to always see me in the morning
before his naps and lunch and stuff but
he always was just he could stay longer
he's always so excited I bring him home
so I'm like okay let's just try to go
after a nap time and stay for like two
hours instead so told tale we're gonna
go to the indoor play a place today and
I told him to go check with his mom if
he can come with us and he's gonna come
so he taught me and Ava are all gonna
come to the indoor play place and have
their first experience there and see if
they like it so cheap that's a tail
doctor tail I have a cop I need to be
seen by the doctor do you see my the
doctor excuse me ma'am
I think I had the Black Lung you
obviously have not seen Zoolander Oh
check the baby
Oh baby
how do you like this place
yeah what kid doesn't love an old
computer I mean my siblings used to just
type on the old keyboards we can only
stay for an hour today Te'o oh hi
you're a bad camera that's fine
thank you oh hi here you go go shopping
for a doggie put your dog right there
okay go push him around no what sin does
a dog make yeah oh my god here who don't
dress up like yeah Fanta well I said
Jenica for a second doing interpretive
dance
yeah there we go we'll do one
we'll do it actually going on dance Te'o
dance dance and dance man
the outfits a little bit for you that's
okay you guys the muscles Spider Man
pushing a shopping cart look who were
facetiming the glasses we're trying to
convince Derby and olive to come visit
us come fly out and hang out with us but
they don't want to come we make bullet
points what's one what's something that
they could say - I say it built family
unity they need come on no one never
gets to see his cousins but don't you
want your cousins to come out did you
want Derby and olive to come visit yeah
you say yeah sounds like we need to
convince your dad's here sounds like the
come into mom and your dad buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh duh buh buh buh duh buh
buh buh buh buh yeah you uh put your
jacket on do the snow you like it huh
buh buh buh buh bah bah bah bah bah what
do you do when you see the real eye
cancer this the real first snowfall of
the year you put your boots on you put
your jacket on it's almost bedtime but
we're go we're not in party we gotta go
out in the snow no are you ready let's
go
oh my goodness
dude what is this stuff okay it is
seriously coming down look at this guy's
like we're in Star Wars flying and
through hyperspace hyperspeed whatever
that stuff is do you love this what do
you think of all this wow it's cold
though
oh this is like wet wet snow your first
first snowfall oh it's cold out here
Oh Te'o got his gear on who's not that
much but look at that
no you just wants to walk around in it
like what is this stuff can get any tail
or you catching any on your tongue
craving of the day craving of the night
craving of whatever you want what is it
so at 9:54 p.m. I'm off to get french
fries which means and you do extra
push-ups tonight I like late-night trips
for snacks I said one time I secretly
like getting your pregnancy cravings
it's fine it's fun for me
plus there's like errands going to get a
videogame in five minutes
fallout 4 it's coming out I'm not
getting it the self-control yeah I just
like going to the release parties how I
could film the energy of everyone just
excitement yeah
I'm not gonna go me and you french fries
got you your fries
in your water and even watching Robocop
tonight while making fun of me and my
tweets I was like Jenna's like laughing
it reads and I was like what is that
should show you're watching she's like
Robocop I'm like what in your right like
why would you wanna spend time watching
Robocop of all things we're gonna watch
some more survivor tonight also we just
remembered that we actually find out if
baby number two is a boy or girl yeah in
like eight days I thought I was in two
weeks
it's actually like a week away so that's
pretty exciting
thank you bees in two weeks yep that
means we need to do those tests to see
you know the wives tales we should start
doing something you down also you should
start only makeup girl so I'm just the
shade of ginseng she doesn't wear makeup
anymore what's going on are you really
that you look like you are to me she's
beautiful
with makeup without makeup beautiful to
me I honestly don't like it when girls
put on like too much makeup I think it's
kind of weird that weird that's just my
personal preference like everyone has
their own opinion
some people love lots of makeup hey you
got nothing to cover up beautiful since
David moved out someone has to use all
the knives in the house we forgot to end
the vlog yesterday so we're giving you
an extra clip and ending it right now we
are clear boxes in the city that we live
in now so it's hard to get to sometimes
but I was able to swing by and get some
things so we're an open up a couple
packages each day these today are from
Alexis she has she is a great
we met this summer she told me that my
family would enjoy seeing this - this is
hello hello I'm Sarah - didn't I have
been one yeah there's little bugs oh my
gosh
my number one as a mother husband that I
didn't make Noah a baby book and they
made Noah a freaking baby book this is
better than anything I could have made
oh my gosh oh right now there's so many
pictures and they're all so good oh my
goodness I cannot believe this okay I'm
gonna sit down and look at that longer I
cannot believe this yeah I don't
understand what just means - I know
someone else - has been treating me she
said that she sent a photo book - like a
photo album I don't know exactly
we'll have two awesome keepsakes to go
this is amazing
seriously it's like it's like every
Instagram we've ever done I could and
just a brand it's like sure the colors
go together it's amazing oh god these
updates like I like wanna cry know the
hockey part so amazing pictures from the
vlog are you kidding hello but since you
guys next time you're not maybe we'd go
to Portillo's cake shakes more yeah that
grill check yeah I miss your laugh oh my
gosh that is so cute that dinosaurs
seriously thank you so much I can't say
enough that was just you guys just went
above and beyond Alexis and Sara you
guys are awesome we should meet up and
get naf naf grow one we're in town did
you think I'd be fun so we'll be there
pretty soon well you guys know see you
guys tomorrow
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood no his awake and
he's loving the book you lovin those
memories every page I'm pointing at him
