love this jazz Cardin I brought you a
house we made it as you guys I've seen
in the past Harry's is a huge sponsor to
our channel in there helping sponsor
today's video I've given a set to day
hung to David and today I'm giving one
to my good friend Aaron is obviously
already ready to shave why do you have
my shaving cream Aaron will do the
honors of a quick unboxing he's
obviously ready to shave right now are
you shaving for movember or keeping it
there mustache beard anything you know
I've lived by the motto if you can't
grow a beard and don't that makes any
sense hmmmm let the mother I should live
by i think i'm only gonna keep my
mustache right now I kind of have both
which is a double negative kind of
non-existent you growing a mustache I'll
give that thank you I mean II must so we
have a platypus here on the front is
that a platypus it looks like a woolly
mammoth now that's a platypus your
biology replacements comes with packet
of salt to shave moisturizers you want
more go to Harry's com Oh cover keep our
users clean travel case oh wow perfect
pile or I'm working on the go you are a
man of yo yeah so I'm like in the
bathroom McDonald's I can shave their my
razors Mars is clean oh here's your's
the good part Wow mmm clean that's
Clooney right there
well she sparkles formal what color is
that then a desk green late autumn green
how does that feel in your hand it's
like ooh it's firm I feel powerful I got
good leverage BAM shave that's wonderful
BAM well I will let you shave in privacy
and enjoy that we are really happy to
have Harry's calm as one of our sponsors
of our channel they are awesome they're
a company that you can believe in there
actually partnering up during Movember /
November with the movember foundation
and helping with research for men's
special health I think that's a pretty
cool thing I haven't decided yet what I
will do as far as my facial hair goes I
think I might just grow the mustache out
do you guys remember when I had a
terrible mustache like right here do you
think I should grow it out for Movember
I think Jen's okay with it so i'll
probably do it but you can get that
whole set that aaron got on harry's calm
for ten dollars using my promo code
sanika you just put that in the promo
code spot ten dollars for the entire set
will be delivered directly to your door
you won't be delivered by me personally
like I did for Aaron but you can get it
search your door and it's a cool little
gift for yourself for someone else it's
a perfect little thing to shave off that
ugly thing maybe at the end of Movember
oh hello who are you
what up peeps dejan Erin Logan David
everyone is moving in fact Aaron and
downs families are here in town I just
saw them and helped them move a little
bit i didn't do too much they had most
of it done already but i'm gonna go wake
up noah and i think we're going to go
eat with daehan's family in a little bit
what's up man hey
hey what's up my man
I'm still tired he slept for like two
and a half three hours there's a long
nap you can cut it with me come here my
man hi he's still tired yeah he hasn't
been taking that long of naps and he's
been waking up early so I don't blame I
think we're all tired I passed out last
night I was full I slept like 11 hours
and then I woke up to a nice surprise in
the bathtub didn't know it took a quick
bath together and then Jen got out her
shower and showered first and then when
Jen got out Noah pooped in the bathtub
that was first time doing that I think a
lot of kids probably do that when
they're growing up so i'm laying down
here on the couch where I fell asleep
last night and Jen can't even get me to
move I was just so passed out and she's
like Sam I need your help now what poked
and I was like what I run upstairs and
the rest is history did you poop in the
bathtub sundays are hard because I just
feel like the day goes by so fast he was
asleep for half the day and we were at
church for another part of the day so
don't really get to go outside much
today so I think he's puzzled look I
does so I'm trying to entertain him and
get some energy the boys are all moving
today it's been a really busy weekend my
guys like where's the blog yesterday in
this press weekend and Sam literally
died on the couch last night like pass
out like 10-something a 11 I know but he
like wasn't feeling well like he was
feeling really sick last night they'll
be an extra long one today as you're
well yesterday there was a long one
because I guess you're seeing this
tomorrow you're making a mess that I'm
gonna have to clean up later you can
read a book Buckethead boy hi
by this morning no was just watching old
videos cuz he loves youtube so much he
loves watching music videos and like old
like vlogs like other people's videos
Hilson watch youtube videos with me I
don't know if he realizes that it's him
or if we think that's another baby I was
like one back way back to when he was
like a little bit before we moved back
to Logan he was so little he was even
little I like his one-year birthday
party like this summer he seems so much
smaller and chunkier and stuff and I was
like thinning out and it's just bizarre
do you have two blue dogs okay which
one's your favorite oh the one you threw
over I guess but to fill I guess you
threw over both you're getting too tall
I'm gonna scare parent because that's
what I do oh alright let me give you
guys a house tour before dejan can let
me take my shoes off okay here we go
welcome to the new crib well actually
I'm not gonna do that dance room is in
there these guys moved today oh you
really want me to show your place yeah
I'm sure yeah you sure no no no I don't
want to do that I want you to share with
the dahon Jing army your place first no
no no no sneak-peek guys okay come on
first of all I straw my mom said I have
to have this plank I don't it does
nothing she's like you have to have it I
like it I think it's nice not dry huh it
is i think it brings oxygen Legler first
of all you can't see it well how often
is your door open a lot I hardly closed
my door TV this is a nice touch is that
brand new oh no I don't remember that
being in the last place to get there's a
plant behind you so she read got a new
bedspread guys you got the mirror then
you got the new closet oh look at you
got more shoes right there yeah I got
some full rack there those best part
seeing daehan's mom move all the shoes
today I'm just looking at all huh no
yeah my mom doesn't really understand it
but she says do it now before I married
and have kids because once that happens
i can't do that like to a point de Aden
is definitely a little bit crazier than
me um there's errands room I'm just
gonna heads up it's not done yet so I
don't want to don't intrude on that oh
do what the heck Wow look at this place
your new mouse pads from his mom so you
know one of the store from air daehan's
mom bought dayonna plant Aaron's mom but
Aaron Matt mousepads your mom recipes
and kittens got a toaster oven mmm what
is a tow strap week woodentoaster this
is nice I like this place I think
they've upgraded their rims you've
upgraded for sure deference you almost
got it try again oh so close I don't
think I was ever scored a basket from
the ground by himself no he didn't
closer that'd be the moment he just
freaked out when it's all its football
on TV though that was hilarious whoa
tricks wha what's on there do the happy
dance wah wah oh oh so close i'm like
from the front loop that bacon yeah you
trick yep don't you feed your faces yeah
he's so cool oh let's do it
no yeah you can't deny my mom not in my
head no isn't really enjoying the upside
down on Sam's neck lately he just wants
to stay there hi so the moral of the
story is to play the game before the
game plays you we've been watching a lot
of stress on amazon prime they've like
all the seasons so we're going back and
watching with both ones we like we're
both looks like don't realize change the
lighting there we go now with a boat no
we should look tired no so to cap today
off you guys are awesome a lot of people
are moving including David and Logan and
Dejan and Aaron but we're all very close
and still neighbors how crazy is it that
we have all these people living so close
to us that make videos mm-hmm just like
Jen I hope you guys have a great day of
rest and had some nap you didn't get
enough though goodnight we love you know
take a nap bother with the bars I need a
by sampe survivor shirt actually I'd
when I go in for Christmas survivor
Africa it was red I was a big fan of the
first three anyways see you tomorrow and
I was a fan of all the rest bye
if you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
