okay yeah forward you continue
to stick boys I'm sorry I'm sorry I
can't I don't even have like I get sent
to here left to me I just want to cry
right no I think we're doing a good job
everything's gonna just feel like so
broken down all right grab that
it's snowing this is the first time I've
ever seen snow my kind of first real but
this is now this is a snowfall before it
was just tiny little flakes the man oh
my gosh
very good-looking look at that garage or
do they crash definitely yeah we're
pretty close to each other oh my gosh no
what is this just no this is no this is
a lot of snow that's so crazy you guys
know when you're here oh my gosh that's
no use dancing the snail
can you dance Happy Feet happy feet
Happy Feet happy feet happy hey hey not
too far
come dance this way Happy Feet happy
feet Happy Feet happy feet Happy Feet
happy feet thank you I kind of come on
count this as Noah's first official
snowfall as well because he used to a
baby to remember it and it really snow
last year either and it's not like wow
let's put your jacket on come on we
gotta get you a jacket as many of you
know I've been working on I've been
working on cleaning out my garage and
boxes just accumulate over time because
someone likes to buy toys and into boxes
just like stay in our garage and from
moving we never got rid of the big boxes
and yeah yeah yeah so our garage it was
literally just boxes and I've been like
wanting to get it cleaned out forever
so today dude was moving out his stuff
and I was like we just helped me read
all of this stuff to the dumpster
because the dumpster is kind of far from
us and all this stuff won't fit in our
trash can we did it my garage looks a
bazillion trillion times at this
literally all this cleared space boxes
so we still have some boxes but I just
want to like save some of those just for
when we if we do move in the future I
got most of the crap out of here yeah
new My Little Helper and so was David
David a lot David took Woodley my entire
car was filled with boxes and he took
them to the dumpster now we're gonna go
shoot some more photos for the website
beautiful no it's so good have you been
practicing that that was cuz I beat up
in the studio just working on my fitness
you're my witness
yeah you'll eating them bugles a good
distraction well mom takes pictures we
are taking more photos today because we
didn't really get everything done the
other day there are some things that we
just need to retake white shirts in
particular are hard to really get the
picture that you want especially on a
white background that's what we're doing
Noah is enjoying this giant window and I
just got him like a bag of beagles so he
could eat them hey do you like those oh
that's some talent you got there it's
funny because I think bugles is always
the food that was at our friend's house
that we'd never had at our own house we
eat him like on New Year's Eve I
remember at our friend's house they
always had bugles but we never bought
them ourselves
hey how's that chair I set no up with
this little chair so you can watch
everything
welcome to the almost open grand opened
grand opening of tricks and clothing
today is the day before
no no weapons to shove a lot of scene
there's a lot of blood sweat and tears
then I'm done and it looks freaking
amazing all the posters look it we've
got some new boxes here and up there and
they look so good thing about all this
is that this is like a joint effort
collaboration and synergy is everyone
taking their talents and putting it
together too
and that's what you get pictures you got
the models you got
look at all these pictures coming
together so amazingly look at these
Tyler's working harder as the master
hang up form again there's something
that he is putting together yeah it goes
up it'll be amazing okay one large image
you know it took six hours this is taken
six hours look at these big ones look at
that even made it in they even made it
and there's one on the other side and
yes almost mrs. Rosten Berg looks so
good and I love that when you stand here
you can see both her and Tyler at the
same time love it there's people peeking
through
oh yeah tricks and hats tricks and
there's been a lot of people have come
by today like I know like
woman an artist's bid them look at that
they're incredible we're really excited
about everyone's Halloween candy and
helping out there's a really fun
there's feel-good music on look at are
you thinking of all these let's see
let's see you jump let's see you jump oh
good job no uh whoa
let's see some tricks okay
go Noah whoa
I wasn't get my hair cut today but we've
been here at the mall all day other than
the photo shoot this morning I think
it's about 12:30 a.m. and we need to be
back here about 9:00 a.m. and then the
doors open at 12:00 with the ribbon
cutting the radio is gonna be here the
block you mentary crew will be here it's
gonna be crazy
we've all been working on like side
projects to make this all come together
things that we did today was print out
pictures to hang Oh actually we're gonna
put them in like these boxes the
entertainment area over there just kind
of spread out all over the place I
really like this one this is one that
Ian from Chicago shot I just grabbed
that picture we just have like fun
events that we've done that one update
hon got Daxton there's Jen right there I
can show you guys all these pictures
like when I do the tour I just picked
out ones that I thought gonna fit just
everything that we've been working on
this one from VidCon school there's
Collette but this one from Washington DC
is hilarious it just kind of adds a nice
personal touch to the store and it's
something that people can look at as
they're walking around tomorrow what I
want to do too is take pictures of you
guys bring tricks and clothing that have
been submitted with your permission to
then put in picture frames around the
store so it's like even though we're
here in Utah it's like you guys are
still part of it and here as well you
know I'm saying
regarding its starting wait what time is
it half hour only half hour we're
getting ready to go there's someone out
there that it's coming to see us all
I think he's he's getting in line to buy
a poster by Jackie their vlog I'll look
at her and her natural habitat there
look at that taking pictures we got a
load no hey guys well I'm just snapping
my snapback say how does the salmon
family
salmon co famicom supper must not like
to put it on my head so if it's live
good children in the hood dinner tickets
in store gonna open the doors how the
Brandel for me got the family it's
happening not the top bunk go rapping
like so I think I speak for everyone
here when I say we all feel very lucky
today
our preparation has met its opportunity
we are here today go for the grand
opening of the trixin clothing store I'm
kind of sweaty apples he's ready
children daehan's chillin with noah
right now he's pretty cool the whole
where'd they go where's the film crew we
got a film crew right over there they're
filming for the vlog you mentoree
documentary Jen's taking pictures the
kids are jumping and playing around low
it Logan's being a crazy uncle and
people are lining up for this there is a
line right now here at the door starts
right here oh hello goes all the way
over here and here
and there there's a Shea beard although
over there this is crazy
ah the official ribbon has arrived look
at those scissors these are like the
ribbon handlers those guys right there
awesome got these posters that people
can get today they can get them signed
ring me doing pictures
Kasey's here Aaron's ready to cry okay
you said something else scared me for a
second the tweet is ready for the tricks
in periscope Twitter account right there
join us lab right now some clothing
ribbon-cutting ceremony have a party
popper when we cut the ribbon we all
cheer
it's me what's going on right now
this is the view
Anthony hold on a moment
okay I need high-energy everybody we're
going live we ready
there you go guys these are the first
people through for the grand opening we
this line forming from outside no one's
going home for a nap even on the fun
days you got taking nap sometimes right
you Terry Bub's and she'd be missed
yeah knows gonna go take a nap and then
Jen's in the head right back still under
way we got free candy I've been handing
out candy yeah we got the candy and we
got Gabriel and Savannah here oh we got
some people over here looking they're
waving now what's up what up what up I
think we need to have youtubers meeting
know how to pronounce it Utah youtubers
that
like this area beer so again it is my
lovely thing they got beautiful
beautiful oh my goodness for these I
know I decided to print these and all
serious inside joke or anything I want
day hot to sign them then I'm gonna go
ahead about some people would you just
look at that look at that right there
that's not why'd you put my name in the
real signature now he was writing my
name on all of them oh can I interest
you in a special collector's item I'm
searching to find this person Caroline
she flew out from San Antonio we need to
find her where is that it's here
what do you mean posing so everyone does
do that okay baby get out of the way
David everyone's missing David today
about why because both so nice to meet
you guys they're from Long Beach area
thanks for coming guys
wrap that's a wrap that's a wrap
does that everyone's feeling right now
we have put so much solid a great
turnout thanks for stopping by
David who's your new roommate you wanna
introduce your new roommate oh yeah new
roommate there you go so everyone knows
severa never gets a passkey now yeah I
not obsessed or creepy with knives you
guys need to chill because we just were
closing the doors right now what's your
name
natal yeah she drove an hour just to
hang out she got here just in time
because we were literally like leaving
right now oh you're here too
what's up man I say what's up yeah
barely got us so just in time here you
want to face it you hold it like that
you very quick go record Tyler go record
time so the kid who does not like sushi
is eating a piece of raw fish
but you won't any other sushi
you would like that stuff I'm going big
tonight this is supposedly when the
spiciest rules they have here we have
some spicy ramen Aaron's eating ramen
showers still enjoying his sushi know it
he devoured his plate oh that spicy
we're celebrating there's a ton that
went on behind the scenes to make sure
that today was great everything that
goes on every single day there's just so
much hard work and I'm really proud of
the people that I work with my friends
our family mm-hmm family guys like the
guys were the ones who actually did
everything in the store they put it all
together like built everything and they
had many sleepless nights but it turned
out to be amazing for an amazing reason
I feel like we are all learning so much
I definitely want to continue to
progress in my life to learn more to
have more experiences it's not just get
complacent and just do nothing and this
has really brought a lot into our lives
like a lot of good learning moments for
learning things I'm putting everything
I've learned before to practice and it's
just it's cool all around so I wanted to
say thank you to everyone that showed up
and supported us for you guys that watch
the vlogs everyone that's always been so
nice it's really cool it's helped us to
push and go and to work really hard and
we just want it to be perfect for
everyone wanted everyone to just enjoy
the space and have fun I think it was a
good day I think it was a really good
day and it's only gonna get better we're
definitely gonna make that store better
we're gonna make tricks and better we're
gonna make everything better putting a
lot of time into that so it's cool
thanks for being a part of it guys even
if you weren't there in person you were
here in the vlog that's pretty cool to
see us tomorrow by Bing L bean
you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood good night where are
we
