tomorrow tomorrow as in Saturday noon
the grand opening of the trixin store if
you are in the Utah or Idaho area and
want to come by and hang out with the
whole crew the whole crew will be here
will be having fun there's these cool
posters where me taking pictures dancing
why should someone come to the tricks in
Grand Opening because we're giving out
free cotton candy really anybody you
guys should come it's gonna be fun the
whole crews gonna be here I want to meet
some you guys and if I've already met
you come again we'll hang out
same the date say the date say the date
they once know when the date is just
kidding so cute you were invited to the
wedding
we're in the wedding oh that's right
a monumental occasion has occurred yet
again for this young chap come show us
what you have Oh a getting my keys back
first yeah your hand I have my
first-ever official place of my own key
the male key and a garage door opener
it's official have you ever had your own
house key before no I've never had my
own anything that is a home oh gosh I'm
like so nervous and so excited and so
scared and so oh my goodness you just
got here you okay but you can still eat
dinner with us come here and hang out
our driveways our driveways kind of
touch which is nice where I still on the
same Drive which is cool so we're still
close to each other let's go look at my
place oh yeah uncle David he's a grown
up official growing up your you have
your own bills oh good job Dave for all
of you guys do you remember your first
ever living on your own adventure like
moving out of your house of your parents
house and getting your own place it's
like a crazy big deal it's crazy
ever had on my hearing was dance yeah
and now he has his own I remember I
moved out when I was 18 to go up to
school and a lot of people do that and
but it's a little different like once
you have your own house like your own
apartment you're paying your own bills
like living on campus is kind of
different
so we mean Sam got our first little
apartment was like whoa what is our
place but we don't have our first house
house but this is so David it's so
exciting he has his own place oh yes oh
oh hey what's up look at your own
kitchen
cool really good no he's right next door
to me so I can keep an eye on on this
kid keep an eye on let's go
so exciting let's go on the light though
it's kind of weird well know that we
just toured it oh yeah so this is your
bathroom this is where you have your own
bathroom which is awesome this is my
shoe rec so I'm stoked and I have
control of the internet right here so if
you know who loves me I'm just gonna wow
it's really good layout but like right
you're you know but you know you only
have one window because you have too
many windows before but I can always
just take the screen off chill on the
roof if I ever ever need to contemplate
life let's not do that
cool another room let's go spy on his
roommates room cool see you know I've
enough room for all this stuff fighting
and I'm like wait D so when are you
gonna like bring your stuff over and
he's like well I can't right now if I
want to I'm just I don't know know
anyone last night on comfy bed yeah
if yesterday's vlog was weird at all
it's cuz this guy edited it hey are you
done editing the vlog
you're gonna cut that part out I didn't
mean to embarrass you how's editing
going hey hey what's going on over here
what's daddy doing to you Oh what date
oh my gosh not you're here what's daddy
doing to your hair your beautiful hair
are you guys twins 420g
no I oh my gosh oh my goodness oh my
gosh yes oh yes look at the volume on
this hair right now
look at that little mohawk no let me see
your hair yeah that's cool that's a
Christian my sister is saying that he is
like big boy hair it's no longer baby
here actually has like kid hair yes he
officially has better style than me
David is moving out you have any last
words before we never see you again
yeah can't stay too far away from this
dude right here da homie
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood you dropped a block
yeah it's cool today
