I'm going to workout guys I haven't
worked out in like two weeks so I'm
really proud of myself for going this
morning at nine o'clock
it's early if you love you be good for
dad bye
ma'am I think there's a package coming
for you for us for us oh here it comes
so get him through the door I believe
this is the face products face mask
gotta love a Mazon prime baby no you
ready to get pretty Oh
I'm Japanese when I was really excited
about it some pretty sure it's Japanese
way did not get the third one no oh
you're such a yeah I heard that they
have it at Ulta or Walmart no Walmart
did you bring mud masks because I've
watched YouTube videos and it's really
fun
I think everyone is going to get
pampered tonight to look nice Noah do
you want one too do you want to put that
on your face oh please please okay
reading lunch right now this is the
official cheeto dance Happy Feet happy
feet Oh being interrupted by some watery
mom come on
I got Cheetos in my hands hold the
cheeto you drink the water here I'll
hold the water for you I'm your water
boy oh there you go all right happy be
happy feet happy feet cheater dance
cheater dance cheeto don's bam bam bam
hey Noah
what noise does a dog make ruff what
about a monkey no what can you say what
colors this is this blue
blue you say green oh you want more of
what this new mirandasings yeah so much
it is so cute
a few moments later time to get no no no
uh-oh
David sharpening your knife but oh
you're awake Hey sharpening a knife oh
he's so sleepy it's right I just open up
his door he was just sitting there like
this was he just sitting there he's not
making like noise anymore like when he
wakes up in the morning he'll like wake
up and just like chill in his bed for
half hour before he like yells to me and
there's kind nice it everyone said when
he falls asleep eating pizza he looks
like me
like that is runny most looks like me
eating pizza hilarious he's just like oh
looks like Sam no like right now I think
you guys look like cuz you have like the
same eyebrows
same nose David's upstairs sharpening a
knife yes I know
no movement stuff
Oh what happened
oh my goodness
oh my goodness
here that is silly
oh my oh my
like david sharpe user could know what
we're a look at you and you just don't
the full benefits that you will feel the
full benefits Oh daddy's gonna go to the
store looks like you're eating Cheetos
again but they're carrots
oh you big hey you got to chew that do
it
yeah chew it first I'm the girl
closing time I was at the store tonight
to me you guys came by and said hi that
was pretty cool now I'm gonna go home
and get my face fixed up
Tyler is wearing a new design by himself
you designed this right there's a lot of
work that needs to be done before the
grand opening there's a bunch of posters
that are gonna go up and signs this
place is gonna look nice I think at the
grand opening I'm just gonna stand by
this mannequin doing the same exact pose
before I get home though the pregnant
woman has requested a strawberry banana
shake two of them one for David so I'm
grabbing those real quick kind of
worried about tonight I think it might
be painful all right we're about to put
some carbon carbon fiber that's why I
made earlier because I was so anxious I
oh no sorry
Thanks they're my nieces here's what you
do guys you rub this on your nose
massage it in for and leave it there for
eight minutes yes we gotta get started
now eight minutes okay and then really
run a process yeah it's all right time
and then you're gonna rinse it off and
leave your nose wet okay yeah should we
wait for it out there yeah today there's
not gonna do it do it Tyler do it come
on Tyler join us
maybe it's Maybelline blush it's your
everything that was let's see how many
my kids yeah I might into cinema where
you can see you look like look at all
these little hair looking things that's
blackheads yeah yeah here's Ron - cuz we
did it wrong the first time
oh well up in a way help you yep
well those blackheads get pulled out you
see those you do fight things that is
gross in my hand hold on babe
yeah right there guys this is Sam's
avatar
kind of brings out and there's Tony face
masks done how do you feel so healthy
like I'm glowing your face look Chloe
like I might be pregnant
well then I just made all the boys put a
Neutrogena wrinkle repair lotion on
their faces I put a face oil on my face
though how does your face feel I just
feel a soft like a baby's butt the to
feel it tomorrow do you I'm a fan of
babies but we wash our faces tonight
ieave now bored don't you don't know
that was your bedtime routine a baby
face lotion for bed oh you're supposed
to lotion on for bed where's that from
Maddox yeah don't wash your face it's
fun did you let me enjoy yourselves did
you guys enjoy your spa night I know
what cucumbers
don't want to be adopted did you enjoy
that experience I feel like stop
touching it though
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood this is behind the
video No
