for this hour
good morning morning are you pregnant
a lot of people have been asking they're
like wait I keep forgetting like Jen's
pregnant or people are worried that the
pregnancy isn't going well or that I
don't know everyone's just looking for
an update from you guys I'm still
pregnant we only have appointments like
once a month if that but you should
complain more complain more about your
pregnancy pregnancy is like done really
well so there's been nothing to complain
Rhys best I've ever felt prepared to
know was so yes I'm still okay prove it
prove it let's see oh look at me still
what kind of that's cute figure than
Noah's was at this point anyway is it
yeah oh yeah I wasn't this big until
like 18 weeks of Noah and I'm like 16 so
how far are you right now
guys I'm 16 weeks I'll be 17 this week I
think I keep losing track funny with
Noah
I had an app on my phone and I would
read every single week like as we got to
the day I feel like it was on a
Wednesday I think Jed 10 weeks and then
we'd read about everything Jen 11 weeks
and that's saying that we're not as
excited this time around but it's like
more common knowledge now right every
week general be like oh it's the size of
this just as exciting oh yeah but I
don't have my need to get my app going
it's just kind of it's almost better
though cuz I've been like chasing a
toddler so I don't have to like obsess
about it because I felt like Noah's
pregnancy took forever and this one like
oh I'm sorry just weeks we're almost a
half way yeah so we I love you been
wondering when the gender is we talked
last time at our last actual fun with
that we don't find out the gender until
the anatomy scan in exactly two weeks
Internet yeah the week before
Thanksgiving mm-hmm so are you gonna
tell people no I'm just kidding well
tell you guys I'm too excited to not
find out maybe we should just wait just
wait to find out
know what the baby's gonna be no I feel
bad that we haven't given an update
lately but everything's been going
really well we're really grateful for
that that's ranking week and that's kind
of why I haven't just cuz I've just felt
really good
and it's like thing yeah everyday I mean
there are days it gets pretty tired at
night right some days where you're just
like Blair also that - I've been like
just fun I sleep it like 10 o'clock
that's pretty normal for most people I
think we're gonna better like night I
know but I think even know what after
the second trimester or the first
trustor I wasn't going to bed until like
late so here's the question I remembered
what the password and email is for your
YouTube channel
you only have one video there obviously
people want to hear updates on how
you're feeling how everything's going
how often would you like to see updates
from Jenn like weekly bi-weekly so like
every other week what are you
comfortable with what do people want to
see what kind of updates all right you
guys let us know Jenn says she wants
learn how to edit I can edit it really
quickly
definitely especially when if I'm in the
store one of these nights or something
easy like no distractions nothing easy
the other thing we're gonna do before we
find out what the baby is is do you like
those tests yeah we'll just do a bunch
of like the wives tales and things and
see if we can find like anything out
it'd be fun you know
so we'll definitely do that there's an
update Jenn feels good we're almost
halfway there
almost and we're excited super excited
yes so have no fear we'll milk the
pregnancy a little bit more baby are you
okay Oh sugar duh cherries
with this our trying again I'll do one I
eat one just just eat a lemon one candy
Noah oh you want treble don't waste it
I'll try it after okay talk to you I
don't want to do it do it do it you like
shower
oh we're chocolate people no I like
chocolate
you guys always eaten Kit Kat you just
ate a cake Amazon I'm scared
yeah do it do it put the whole thing in
don't look it - gummies that's all good
okay and the candy bowl mister as you
can see Tati and Te'o came over to hang
out I texted cha-ching said just tell
you want to come play with Noah because
it's rainy today and they're all so
we're all stuck inside so we're having a
little pleasure and I told taki she can
come over if she wanted to she came over
to hang out so bad was it sour that one
candy mm-hmm
it's a rainy day
what's up peeps I'm driving home right
now I'm not gonna leave oh goodness you
guys okay
did that hurt can you still see me
driving home from the store right now
hasn't been too busy of a day but we're
just getting ready for the grand opening
which is on Saturday any of you guys
coming I know Jen wants to go to the gym
today
other than this morning I haven't seen
Noah too much so I'm probably a nice
taken back of the store with me and I'll
have some time hi everyone it's
nighttime already dude it's only 5:30
does it good tonight
cheapy yeah cuz it gets dark early now
we've been inside for most today how
come you see my bras might be a little
darker making yourself kisses Wow
someone's a little obsessive themselves
about me give me a kiss hey give me a
kiss no me not you whoa make outside
we came to the mom she get out because
Noah was a little cooped up at home
little cooped up so we came here out of
the store and get some dinner cuz you
like to get out loudly food is delicious
obviously so we're here everyone's here
all back there yes I was going to but
it's hard to delete classes at night and
then I just get tired and lazy I'm much
more classes much better in the morning
so tomorrow the morning class it'll be
better you guys are cute
oh gosh oh my gosh oh gosh we started a
bad habit now he was like the kiss we
have to clean it yeah you do
you're crazy man you're crazy
how so he loves his Little Boots there
might be a little big but if you like
you just keep doing it unto me to put on
a movie
oh look zoom in on that dancing let's
zoom in on that dancing shake that hair
whoa
yeah and get a wild Aaron feeling it
oh oh oh oh
Sam's feeling it's am stealing it who
else okay who's up next
who's dancing now okay I'm still dancing
I just get this little family dinner
we're having all together paradise
bakery store in this mall Pastore dance
with us tonight are you having dinner
no was having in this beautiful box no
it is on a pasta and our salad and is
water but he keeps just filling half of
it and getting it everywhere how do you
dance Noah he chose a dance
he was doing his little Miranda sings
dancing
yo gonna work out my new motivation
other than being healthy is so I will be
fit enough to win every challenge on
Survivor if I were ever on the show
which probably won't happen Tyler said
to me today hey we should applying be an
amazing race together he's like really
pumped up I got something we could do I
used to watch these shows all the time
and now we're watching him again so
we'll see we'll see I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
bad understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I can't really like
show you my leg it's not like a big
belly it's just still the doughnut belly
donut belly
