Laura's good thanks beautiful
the trees are so beautiful look a blue
you say green let's go eat
so unfortunately pleasure yeah okay we
are Duggan Lisa leave today which is
quite unfortunate I feel like I think
like I said quite a lot when I'm right
it's like quite a lot so right right
guess I'm from Liverpool so we're taking
them to her so they've never been to
Herms and her arms are one of our
favorite places and it's really cute and
it's great food I buzzed right there
no I'm saying by the Grammy and Papa
he's gonna have a nap and they'll be
gone when he wakes that about you kisses
won't come kisses my parents just left
it's always a sad thing my mom always
gets a little emotional the good part is
we'll see him soon because we're going
to see them for Thanksgiving so as in
like three or four weeks I am at the
store checking in to see how things are
going cuz there's like a soft open right
now notice taken a nap and Jen's Polly
resting too I tried to plug in my SD
card into my laptop when I found this
you guys see inside that do you see that
right there that would be a cracker that
Noah stuck inside of it I can't even get
mad cuz it's kind of cute as you can see
that is a cracker that I'm digging out
with scissors right now
doesn't it kind of look like he's
holding a real hammer
dude it looks like you're holding a real
hammer it's probably freaking people out
like I've been carrying him today I'm
gonna hit the middle and it looks like
you sold me a real hammer just kind of
like waving it around and I know I got
some weird looks it's it's a toy hammer
it looks very real there was a day where
I loved you know getting that extra hour
of sleep when you turn the clock back
does really matter anymore when you have
a kid that just wakes up at a certain
time no matter what right now I feel so
wait it's only 6:30 and it is so dark
outside
Hey look at this what is this like
midnight what is this what happened to
summer Jenn's in full force with songs
right now what happened to Samah we just
went to the grocery store and Noah
helped us out buy groceries he is the
best little helper sometimes he is a
little counterproductive but he's a
really good helper
and put it in
good yeah that one yeah he was the best
little helper today
oops all the berries that looks like
something you'd like we have to keep
going
you have the cereal good job let's keep
going then we were bad we were like hey
we just bought groceries let's go out
for dinner
it was pure laziness it really was that
in the combination of they getting late
and Noah was hungry so we decided to go
to noodles and company and when I got my
food my chicken was super raw actually
tweeted out a picture and asked you guys
what I should do because when I go
somewhere to eat I generally love
everything I've actually never sent a
dish back and I hate being that guy I
don't know why I just want everyone to
be happy even the people that work there
but it was definitely I did not deserve
raw chicken so I turned it back in and
they did oh you wanna see nice thing
about the chicken blues thank you
Noah's got my support so they made me a
new dish and they actually gave me a
free small bowl next time I go in and a
cookie although I'm kind of like I don't
really want to go back in taste the
lemon in a while I'll be good no would
love it but thank you for your help on
Twitter help me really avoid something
catastrophic I could have been glued to
the toilet Shawn come sing a duet with
me no you know what - you don't want to
that is not a microphone and it is not a
hammer well it is it's a toy hammer
guys monumentous occasion my sister
started a channel
she called me tonight when we were on
our way to dinner I was like Jen I'm
gonna tell you that I'm really really
nervous and I was like what I just think
of like the worst things ever and she
said I started a YouTube channel and I
freaked out a little bit in the car I'm
really excited go follow her it'll be
fun
yeah auntie Rachel she's gonna have more
of a beauty Channel um with that said
with that stuff and then some vlogs here
and there she says so it should be
really fun I'm so excited for her go
show her some love because it's her
first video ever and she's like super
nervous about it it was really cute like
Jenn I'm so nervous I don't I don't know
why I just posted that I'm so nervous
but give me a wolf over that microphone
so go show her some love and tell her to
post lots of videos damn Hill pulling
he'll pull link oh look look he's not
like a wave machine I'm really fun to
climb on yeah I'm getting a massage it's
called the toddler puncture natural tear
free hypoallergenic vegan biodegradable
ph-balanced so I could basically put him
in my eyes don't do it babe babe
doesn't even stink to freak me more
mother oh he's gonna get this kid to
laugh
babies on the bus go on the bus on the
bus my favorite signs of Sam ever I know
what has that side to it yeah this
evening is a pampering session with Jen
papering session with me with these two
boys and I'm making them do male face
masks that I found at Walmart for a
dollar they'll face masks that peel off
the picture it's so creepy and as you
can tell they're very excited
David's actually excited I know for a
fact well yeah before and it feels so
good Sam he'll be excited once it's on
his face and he realizes how relaxing it
is it says relax with it I'm not just
doing it's not relaxing and tables and
kinda burns through the face on the so
this is before boys they're next to each
other let me get it zooming on those
pores oh goodness
let's see it huh let's see those first
okay yet there's some poor than your
nose yep let's see the port yeah there's
some porygon no make it your nose oh wow
it's like really
oh gosh what happened oh my new shirt
I'm so sorry I thought it was thicker
I'm so sorry
well two minutes in and my face is on
fire
I might be having a allergic reaction I
spilled on my shirt yeah cuz it burns
what if I'm allergic to this looks like
you're just putting on bad makeup like
getting this burns it burns really bad
it's getting super crusty and it's like
I've arrived around my lips it's loose
but everything else is really tight and
it just like steams really bad and I
feel like this is as far as anyone that
has a recommendation for a better
experience than what I'm experiencing
right now please let me know because
this is worse than eating four words I
just feel like okay Dave's gonna pull
his off his completely dry you look like
and we're in a scary mask now feel up
from the bottom up and then I'm up
no very bottom Oh especially around your
nose pull upwards okay okay that is so
gross that is so cold upwards not out go
up goodness Jen do you want the full
benefits just freakin hurts yeah pull up
on your nose yeah good from the tip oh
my goodness didn't you do it
hmm I'm gonna go from here now go this
is a dollar guys that best thing ever
okay baby you come here now dude how was
it John appeared what feel yours first
Oh yours is still sticky you guys know
this is what it looked like yeah I like
this it kind of is hey also yours is
enjoying it it's starting to feel better
you're just not gonna peel off like
David did do you know you have to peel
off like in an upward direction it hurts
really bad though
Stevie which came off like in one piece
serious couldn't come off in like 2002
was good you just pull upwards to you
the black cuts out alright now we're
going on Amazon buying him a charcoal
facemask to pull out blackheads
well the fun Japanese one but same ones
the five-star one no this wasn't
interesting that looks so gross that
looks like your real skin yeah that
looks like your real skin that is so
gross that's like a Halloween
oh I feel like I'm peeling off sunburned
skin Oh
just gotta do it Wow mother pearl I'll
be here for a while yeah it's like you
like have a lot of makeup on every day
that's like some girl out they really
doesn't play their skills so good though
your skin looks so soft dude your keys
are so rosy for the one-dollar face
masks from Walmart
I would total did you mind again okay we
should totally do like an avocado
cucumber those are the best the edges
builds you just feel so relaxed and
rejuvenated oMG yeah my feels pretty
good it's just super dry my skin feels
so great now I promised ten I would do
that face mask she puts up with a lot of
my antics it was actually kind of fun
I'm looking forward to the one that we
just ordered that I had uh I'll see you
guys tomorrow
Betty's
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
