don't worry about that it'll come off
Chinglish go to town graeme brought
little Pilgrims and Indians to color
drop with what what we need help with
she's a really great grandma we've got
lots of hormones
yes everyone Courtney is pregnant she's
due next weeks she's doing January
everybody I do not have twins and granny
is not pregnant we have the parade on TV
as well and we're just coming mean good
job
Eleanor the cap on PJ and Eleanor are
currently dressed as Princess isn't
dress-up which mean helpless just use
one color this time that looks great so
beautiful
did you cut loose Oh laughter orange I
love that and it's got his old school
you made it the preschool okay
second craft that Grammy whipped out
look at all these cute stickers they
litter and everything making little
pictures over how's your picture look
good love it love it love it let's keep
the stickers on there and we'll put them
on the fridge
but um how do you mean what's so
beautiful one for PJ Happy Thanksgiving
so cheese PJ cheese where's your teeth
teeth oh my goodness
so cute happy hens giving gobble gobble
the turkeys going in look at them put
that turkey in like a professional three
hours now we have the appetizers all set
best finish tip we've got all your choke
dip in Turkey everybody looks good I
know we had some time to go but never
found you so attractive as I'm sure
basting a turkey
I'm putting its own juices it looks
magical the way it's like the way though
it's good what are we gonna eat what is
that thing okay tell me what you learned
about Thanksgiving at school Charlie
Brown turkey what about the Pilgrims and
Indians what did they eat that's so cool
how many things can we fit in and of it
turkey bass a look at our turkey look at
the butter juices just leaking out of it
the film doesn't do it justice how
pretty it looks
I still in brown a beautiful golden
brown not a nice a beautiful golden
brown my hand it's a 17 pound turkey
there's no onion in is them cool it's
hot you need it we've got the turkey
we've got the peas we've got the green
beans we've got two potato wait what yes
whatever it is we are stepping we got
cream corn and we've got four couples
and gravy and we've got my favorite the
canned cranberry and rolls everything's
good and free except for the wrong rope
and the reservation and vegan stuffing
and vegan stuffing everybody's covered
baby let's go or somebody just woke up
from a nap my mom said that she has
always dreamed of well she just likes
eating outside I don't know if she's
always dreamed of it but she said she
wanted to eat Thanksgiving outside so we
made it happen look at Kourtney trying
to creep in the background we're eating
outside it's warm today here's the kids
table noted a centerpiece of Legos this
is your second Thanksgiving exciting
don't eat look at all that whoa what is
corny to me looks good the green beans
didn't turn out as good my gravy no I
mean you know I've been saving up space
look at this place
look at it don't make Mountain I've been
saving up space I've been skipping meals
only eating the big ones
oh my gosh the turkeys are so good -
yeah you satisfied with everything Wow
except for the green bean but only one
for like the plate we're like you don't
come back for seconds cuz you already
have it right there yeah almost really
get that gravy it's so good it's thick
it doesn't look good but it's so good
daddy it's all butter is it yeah
basically butter and salt so good though
I'm so proud of us you did you know your
mom made more than me I'm gonna like get
a roll - but you're on a roll enough the
after I like gravy all right let's all
say what our favorite thing was that we
that were you turkey mashed potatoes and
gravy same
I'm gonna add match but doesn't gave me
to just the green wait wait Eleanor what
did you say
she's a turkey what was your favorite
just like tricky dick Nene what about
you cooker gravy by the cup baby by the
cup the sweet potatoes mashed potatoes
and gravy most gravy and the turkey yeah
a attrition that camps family has and he
was a kid but I have a tsunami was to
play bingo so Sam got bingo for the next
generation for the children
you gotta grab a bucket and everything
Wow hold on
first up the first gift of host
Thanksgiving
the other maybe but yeah yeah no break
it don't break it on the tree listen
listen listen there's other prizes okay
look at you gotta put one on your free
space right here we're gonna do
different
we'll just do standard mister look at
that prize bucket my goodness
be bad man
Wow gee 4848 anybody in closed Oh kind
of high 24 who's gonna go first me or
Papa always competition between us
before gee grandpa and 40/29 fine
Cinco
almost apprised G 5504 papa Oh
okay dinner was a huge success culinary
experts Lisa Anderson and Jenica
Anderson I don't even feel like I made
anything but I did eat a lot and bingo
was a success - I think we got a lot of
fun good prizes everybody's playing with
their things we're wrapping the night up
with the kids getting them ready for
sleep and it is officially time to start
enjoying Christmas it is nice because
after Christmas I'm always said but
after Thanksgiving I'm like let's go did
you like Thanksgiving oh yeah you were
hard today yes would you get from Mingo
show me show me your prize show me your
face who is that hey pepper say Peppa
Pig where noises a pig make wink wink we
frame the craziness Black Friday it is
kind of ridiculous people are buying
things they don't even care about or
want I really tried to not buy stuff
this Black Friday I actually came to
Target went through all the different
aisles and checked out things yesterday
and some of the things aren't even that
much on sale and they're acting like
they are sir
anyways some of the things that I did
want to get was movies and that's right
there were some doorbuster movies that I
couldn't find when I got here but I've
been scouring and like looking at where
people would put things if they didn't
want to keep them and just watching for
the restock and in doing so we were here
for hours after the doors open but I got
spider-man which I haven't seen Wonder
Woman
which we liked Captain Underpants Rookie
of the Year and then this is for
Courtney island and fences okay we did
it we braved the craziness no I'm so
tired I just want a piece of pie this is
my tip for you bye Freddy people look at
see spider-man blu-ray still out but is
that you find it I'm gonna put that in
that place it's the same one
well what's the difference we gotta make
sure we have very well yeah probably
that one not in the case a pumpkin pie
was a success it tastes like pumpkin pie
it's really good I'm very proud I mean I
followed the recipe on the can you can't
really screw that up
but it's good really good even rips
having some fun
just to test it out by his own free will
and choice and he also sampled every
part of the Thanksgiving meal we made
today the Uni is veggies do you eat your
veggies we made all this vegan stuff and
he ate all the non vegan stuff
but also this banana cream pie that Lisa
made is divine and stole that okay toss
you eat your pumpkin pie banana cream
I'm its pumpkin one are you faced timing
because I didn't FaceTime dad
