my first warhead ever ever happy Sunday
yeah well they're awful Oh worse before
it gets better yeah no no no no you can
do it's tasty
you
the more saliva you know I don't know
you have finish it it's all strategy you
got caught up with a bunch of saliva to
swallow rapidly no that's all what's
really awful you gave each other I love
words better youtube you can't make a
face you do at night no you can't laugh
or anything else be straight to one
straight to one straight face man
challenge to one's okay don't you know I
just got really that way right now yeah
that's a warning on it says eating
multiple pieces with can I even moving
in their mouth in a short period of time
may cause temporary irritation to
sensitive tongue genomic your tongue
bleed yeah I could you like four months
do it i dare not make a face I yeah 24
it once not making a face I do not
believe it this soon won't make a face
oh you want me to do more than four no
wash that down huh four at a time babe
I'm serious okay without Megan hey I can
without making a face all right laughs
okay but no make no you can't laugh okay
still face we're all eating Noah's candy
because it's the best thing you do ready
for four warheads
oh my stars your tongue is going to be
bleeding no it in your face is a sour
your lips are quivering your lips are
quivering my arse all the looks clear
the sour gone thus our autumn is this
hour haha supposed to have it I see I'm
telling you this hour often I was our
revolving oh my gosh mm-hmm oh he's
crazy Russian was up she's in shock on
my track do more than two of us for he
couldn't even do to you couldn't even do
to outward they were to the scene he
wavers you get the guy you're gonna nut
up of just sour liquid oh gosh that one
is so much worse than yours will wow
that one's coated my tongue does feel
kind of funny that ring numb that one is
coded okay look at that one Cody look at
that one compared to this one like the
same color green right no that's a blue
one wow that one's like three in one I
went so sour yeah look at that look at
the difference yeah so no one's out a
sour kisser sounds much powder let's see
here what's oh ok and I got black cherry
I could be pigs now Oh black tray is the
best does that really look like okay I
thought used to be like a purple boys it
is purple no like the actual strapping
oh yeah you that one or watermelon that
one no it's like a lettuce book read it
secretary oh nice this is gonna be good
see the only sour one that I can
actually see me like you're a napkin or
something look at that look how much
more sour yeah that's gonna be dead no
that's gonna be the only sour one no no
Jenna that's why I got it I gotta accept
the challenge you look so good though
and it is at stake that we have so much
sour it makes my Dominic Lynch that's
what my job isn't the drool catcher
don't spit him out drew
don't come out yeah yeah we got to have
the drool catcher as a precaution I'm
not even at a 3 to 1 as we good oh yeah
it's all ready reckoner face mm-hmm he's
already smiling you put ap and make that
face where's that base or a reaction
that could have been yr eyes closed a
open your eyes look at us open your eyes
that's so it's all right well Oh David
don't move it yeah pretty sorry sorry so
it's all right you can do it I can't
tell if you're exaggerating kiss fam did
it so easy I give you 5 i'm sure you can
huh I done 00 crying is our God yeah
good job yeah so is gone you may have
face though I know all this our build up
is happening like just cotton the saliva
and when i try to swallow it it just
like the sour hit my throat and I almost
like spit it up let's see if Noah can
find it can you find pepper grandpa
sandals brave oh you find the pinecone
where are we we're at the cemetery where
my good it's been heated one of my
campus wait cuz we happened I was just
thinking in the car the reason why I
stopped numbering the vlogs was because
I skipped a day in my first year right
day that my grandpa passed away I was
like uh I'll record today thought I'm
not going to sit down and edit I'm gonna
be with my family right I feel like
sometimes it's a lot of people that vlog
they're tuned to like the business like
that that and i was like i'm gonna take
a day off to be with family right so it
was also around corney's birthday we
went to cheesecake factory
and got them in poisoning yeah and I was
like super sick right right it's actual
burial I was there for the funeral I
filmed it I was there for the yeah
there's actually one inch of this yeah I
filmed it because I came with Sam's
parents because we uh he was so sick and
couldn't come so he's never seen a grave
site but we all haven't seen the
headstone and Sam's parents haven't been
back since either so that would be a
nice little noah sunday event and no
one's right no hug no ancestors that are
in this cemetery right beautiful no I
think we're further this way this is
really cute Noah just found the grave
not argue no no trying not the grave hey
grace with a baseball bat and a baseball
which is so oh we gotta leave it there
bud of course he finds that one he's
walking around all the different sites
that's really good for my grandpa's and
of course he runs up to the one for the
baseball bat I'm full you're cute Noah
come on buddy got your pine cones let's
go are you buying her now oh yeah three
right now so we found the spot this is
where my grandpa is and this is this is
where grandpa's sister is and her
husband was a builder he was very manly
but she was very artistic and someone
wrote this about them is an original
they were different yet the same she
painted the pictures well he made the
frame oh I just think that's so
beautifully said about them and what
about grandpa's quote wise why was that
one selected in his yeah I remember that
famous quote from the book the road less
taken from a from a poem by Robert Frost
right it's about being in an individual
and making a decision in going the way
you think is right yeah that was what he
was all about that's for sure two roads
diverged in a wood and I I took the one
less traveled by and that has made all
the difference since our difference easy
yo DCO is you know you can't she's not
gonna say yes or no you're something I
don't either the guest well babe
Brotherhood of this okay uh fingerless
gloves mm-hmm maybe you just have to gag
you do this you do it just guess someone
touches isn't it a serial okay I'm
pretty may disclose everything
Brotherhood of the smirk that's actually
good one Sam so sorry heavily such
pressures replying loaded questions
tonight murmur located i get into
serious within night game night the
tribe i'm very crunchy Brotherhood of
the snake Apple's App Engine is upstairs
she's not feeling too well so she's
resting now it's time for a little daily
dish with dad this is how the daily dish
works Jenna usually does it and I have
never done it before but I just ask you
questions and then you answer them like
this what was it about mom that first
caught your eye back when you guys were
dating caught my eye yeah what both oh
wow oh my god my eyes his beautiful
person hmm I can't show her on camera
right now because she's in her pajamas
what caught my heart was that she was a
wonderful conversationalist she was a
great listener she was very pathetic and
kind and seemed to really care about
what I said good answer my mom is
enjoying this right now from the kitchen
what is something about mom that you
have since grown to love maybe something
new she does new trait I don't know at
over the years of marriage you have I
loved about her let's see she's
very dedicated to being on time no she's
awesome she's also committed to
somewhere some of the same values I have
to create a degree than I ever realized
will travel safe you're here first good
enough you have any a one more
questioning for my dad what should I ask
him how did he get so handsome wow
there's my parents genetics mom you want
to be on camera now nope okay if you
choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood what's
something someone that watches samick of
vlogs might not know about you something
fun interesting interesting uh what were
you up to when you were my age guys in
dental school studying and well yeah so
people can you think of something
exception oh if only you could see what
my mom is dead but now I will respect
her wishes
