seriously yeah you're hurting Grammy
yesterday I'm tired
I stayed up late to edit the vlog we
didn't get home from the game until
about midnight and then I went to
Walmart to look for more costume stuff I
got this for my costume Jen's got that
for her costume this notice oh that's
right had you you don't hold that there
you go well like a sword
can you tell we are
yeah they're the only ones dressed up
just a spoonful of sugar makes the
medicine oh she's got the walk down
she's got the walk down so our costumes
came together except on the way here I'm
actually broke looks like a sea urchin
that's like metal i spray-painted it it
was gold before and turned it into a
chimney sweep
we are Bert and Mary Poppins and the
penguin from it so write them all right
now everyone is passing by the store
grabbing candy and here comes my parents
let's see your costume Oh
the flight attendants and pilots it's a
little sassy this is the cutest kid here
though
look at that costume are you kidding me
think of those do the sign is like a
nice
it looks good looks good Tyler's parents
are here Leo there's Tyler's parents
over there
Dayton's mom and dad are coming Aaron's
mom I think is here the whole family
event it's great
who is this guy I thought you're gonna
be a Red Ranger I'll hit it hit it hit
it hit it
we got Olaf in the house scaring kids
he's got look at the heat co-authors on
though I didn't check that costume would
be as scary as a Peter Pan where's Wendy
oh there's Wendy take Spears bra rockin
daxner both spider-man
most beautiful Wendy ever I need to get
some candy you guys have to see the
banana costume I love the theme you look
like the prettiest little Tinkerbell
ever saw do you approve the costume no
look so chubby sitting there because
that big padded belly this is history in
the making right now the sign is going
up we have Olaf making sure everything
goes well and this is what Halloween is
all about sharing candy where no one's
watching look at this
uh-oh looks like trouble dude Taylor
let's see your full costume can you put
your mask on
or black Ranger guys the best cities and
locate we have Minnie Mouse do these
kids I love it man
how awesome is how we we is what it's
all about the family is here
Derek's mom's over there got Thao and
family we got Dion's family here now
talking to Tyler's family and its
YouTube that brought us all together how
crazy is that
okay everyone signing the wall everyone
signs here oh okay Logan's going all out
babe go just connect with daehan's
of their girls gap every time I sign
something
well you better pick a good one everyone
went big so go big go big and bold big
and bold fine work dedication we dive in
in look how big that pizza is I wish I
had a banana for scale I just have an
iPhone six-plus all the families are
here though have a long family reunion
look at all of this from just one trunk
retreat open that bag up open that bag
up oh not all for me
no finish look at it put in your bag no
I put it in the bag take care of this
good job thank you okay let's see if
this one let's see if this house is
trick-or-treating
go up there you all buddies
trick-or-treating good job good job Noah
come on
thank you Halloween he grabs the biggest
bar and it's a kind granola bar my kids
healthy hey you're supposed to get the
candy from me
yes bugs get me the candy he's got like
four bumps go over there get some
candies this way thank you George my god
what what - oh thanks thank you holding
his own bag hey wait wait for me hey why
haven't her go get the candy Kappa
that's candy for you
hey dancing is where dreams are made of
right here trick-or-treating with the
little boy come on Noah keep going
David's got his own little bag I have
I'm sure you're gonna hit every door
he's joined me as a chimney sweep a
chimney sweep
Bert I'm all know I'm Bert but I forgot
that it's a chimney sweep because turn
to take him up there oh here's oh you
have his back I thought I heard someone
open this door know what treating how's
your first time trick or treating you
like it really handling that up
indeed we decided to put on to me super
costume to try get some candy too and
it's like yeah it's working it's working
getting hooked up we go with the cute
ones I'm telling you that's how you get
hooked up with a good candy yeah I
didn't expect so many people to be like
handing out candy cuz we live in a
complex but there's a lot it's been
great I think we hit that one already
there's always go back yeah well when we
went trick-or-treating as kids mom was
like no we have to get every single
house we have to get it why you're bad
so I fear you went was like 11 pounds or
something craving pounds eight ounces
which is Chrome after eating candy hey
little penguin boy yeah fine look at
this flap the Bell and the bomb hang
with from happy feet yeah don't push me
cuz ah hey trigger drink
now how was your first experience to her
treating them being good he's not know
it look at me
Jeff oh yeah I think this was our best
Halloween ever
can you think of a Halloween that you
liked more no because your dreams my
first time ever yeah stuff that you
dream about like think about like what
when they all have kids a little trick
or treating and then when you do have a
kid you're like one day we'll take him
trick-or-treating and then we took him
trick-or-treating any come on he caught
on it's like so much more fun than
actually trick-or-treating yeah I was
like watching him junior she it was like
more fun than me like thinking about
trick-or-treating without the kid I
think that's what parenting becomes is
just seeing the joy and those that you
love those that you take care of every
day as he pulled on like Halloween right
but like it's it was just fun like to be
with family and friends yeah it was a
good day all together like any holiday I
take it as an opportunity to be with
family people you love and have fun this
morning at the store that was pretty
cool just because of all the hard work
that every single person there has put
into everything and then to see it kind
of come together and to have so many
loved ones there and just like to
support each other I'm like anyone
everyone was signing the wall like
Colette almost like started crying and I
was like all be together felt like a lot
of things came like full circle to that
yeah felt good that's a good day can't
wait for next Halloween though can't
wait for the next holiday Thanksgiving
me next Halloween cuz I'm like shoot but
I'm gonna be now cuz you see it was like
really good we got to think of a costume
for four people
oh my gosh and had four people then
that's gonna be awesome
yep holiday season now entering it
Thanksgiving Christmas palace wonderful
time of the year my favorite time of the
year other than I love summer
but after Halloween usually the holiday
so for everyone just skipped
Thanksgiving now and just go straight to
Christmas I guess our brain stem right
now we are doing Elf on the Shelf for
real this year we're hosting Christmas
and we're going somewhere fun for
Thanksgiving so a lot to look forward to
can't wait
so yesterday
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you bad understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
you that understood so your clip is are
you a chocolate person or a candy person
isn't a chocolate candy no but you want
to mean like sweet it's usually like
chocolate sour well not even sour
conserver since the fart sour
it's like candy candy or chocolate what
do you like more I like candy more meat
you definitely we're not talking people
hmm I like chocolate ice cream chocolate
shakes but that's our Akane
