oh I miss him you did of a duck em hug
go give him hugs
good morning sweets oh so then I clean
this all up for you but I see you just
don't care about that I already know
that as soon as God sees tail or I say
his name's he's gonna freak out oh you
mean play no I do you think Te'o is
outside didn't he's outside you can see
him in forever yep you know exactly
where to go enough he's awake at what we
can peak and peak ter today oh go knock
on his door see if he's home see if he's
home go knock on his door here we go
excited he is
it is nothing the tail
dude still got it took a week off from
batting practice and still got it I
don't know what we're gonna do once it
starts getting cold outside as in like
today kind of cold man we gotta get some
warmer clothes for you oh good hit let's
see tee it up tee it up all right let's
go Oh switch hitter Oh what added oh
there's no one in there show me how it's
done man I'm ready Oh little dance
before you hit it ok I see that's how
you approached the batter's box and then
let's see it lets see it oh oh oh go
over there Noah Noah go see hi go give
him a hug look who's on oh no I'll go
get you a hug hey stop ok I know right
after just one week not even a week I go
yeah I'm wait what's in there a prize
did you have fun I thought you plan on
the place yeah he missed tail though
that's for sure I saw you give to you a
hug Noah get another Power Ranger yeah
oh my goodness I can't be rare I can't
be I can't be bahaha i miss him you did
of a dunk em hug go give him hugs
give him hugs Noah he's like I'm just
ready to play no I go get 200 hey there
oh hey there no hey tati we missed you
we all missed you tati oh oh my goodness
everybody look so big oh that's nice
gonna give tail a hug now you little bum
bum are you so happy oh my goodness cool
dude oh wow are you so happy are you so
happy know what never found you so
attractive I really need to get my hair
cut me for my mom shows up tomorrow
right now we are in the studio well a
new studio taking photos for the
products jen is working at her craft
this is what she studied in school she
spent countless hours in the studio
taking photos of things and now it's
becoming full circle and she takes
photos of our latest products well
actually that's not the latest product
but we will get some today am I on your
way am I not supposed to be here while
you take a photo let's tune in and watch
it work oh wow what a flash I showed up
to a couple of your projects at school
but I no clue what you're doing
sometimes I'm like
my degree in this actually is benefiting
now like I don't want to work lights and
stuff like that there you have it guys
go to school it's worth it the weird
thing is too is that we actually bought
while she was still in school doing
those projects so there's some bollocks
of us in the photo studio check this out
like this background we could use or
maybe a more rustic look I move the
product and Jen takes the photo ah babe
it looks good I thought it'd be cool for
us to work together Jenna and I that's
happening ah that's a wrap though we
just finished up Jenna I think they look
good think they look good my favorite
part was the hats I think we did a good
job on that there's also a sneak peek of
a new shirt coming up the hats I've kind
of lost my Midwest Chicago accent over
time I have lost it over time I always
notice how kind of I don't know if it's
I'd attractive Midwest accent accent I
miss it though ma'am I'm gonna go cut my
hair today hopefully not today tomorrow
my parents are coming to town tomorrow a
terrible thing happened today to first
world problems first world pains
whatever you want to call it i ordered a
SD card for our camera that in part of
Jen's costume was lost today I checked
the tracking her ups and the guy said he
left it at our house but I didn't see it
anywhere so either he stole it so when I
was stole it neighbor has the package
and hope is holding it for us or they
delivered it to the wrong place two
packages lost today both with Halloween
costumes Noah's completely lost I had to
reorder it and hopefully it's here on
time but it just it's frustrating I hate
when stuff like that happen this guy
really wants to get his photos taken
see your photos that you've admit really
oh hey I was like no that girl is
actually I didn't do me there guys went
into the photography studio yeah me too
that's what I did know that eating
everyone else is like I didn't know like
we could do those how about we take
senior photos together oh that
comfortable beds last round Hey buenas
no it's really snowing this right this
is raining hey did you are you haven't
found a babysitter oh no dog poo the
careful the dog poo cool hey you don't
even care that we're not that we weren't
home did he cry though like be like
where's mom you woke up Wow like when he
woke up he cried last one he's a ball
good job he did bah bah it's raining
it's pouring not really Oh check out
these boots my new boots John's got her
old boots on no it's got his new balance
on I'm gonna go show them the mall
actually has boots hey does she wears
cowboy boots and like fake timberlands
items money will show them the progress
that we've made on the story our story
is right next to a tattoo parlor and
nail salon let's go
you excited
oh yeah there's the sign and still needs
but get that black piece in there oh and
no its founder this happy place come on
by Oh make it there to make it through
oh look at this keep going oh ho ho ho
guys I built all these little couch
things and I didn't build the lovesac
but I helped fluff it yeah I thought it
looked like IKEA it's actually lovesac
both of them what do you think of the
changes I'm not gonna be a full tour yet
no looks really good yeah looks pretty
good
move it heavy yeah that's heavy whoa
that kind of heavy I'm currently
preparing for my parents to come to town
they haven't seen the new place though
this new place which isn't really that
new anymore the only request from my
parents specifically my mom was to have
diet coke with lime in the fridge so
there you go mom I got those for you dad
some san pellegrino lemon when i was at
walmart they actually had like all these
drinks from christmas someone tweeted me
and said they look like soap like the
branding for soap or which is kind of
true but I got this some cranberry
sparkling mulches juice blueberry grape
and white grape I also realized that I
didn't have any extra pillows so I got
some pillows and some sheets and kind of
excited for them to come it'll be really
fun I also started this candy jar which
has been kind of deadly I don't know if
that was really a good idea I thought
all the drinks would be fun because I
imagine one of the nights through here
while I like a game night tomorrow night
we're going to take them to the football
game we're gonna go trick-or-treating
with Noah they brought their costumes
which I don't think any of you guys know
what they're being I do because I've
seen a photo and it's really good I'm
still waiting for parts of our costumes
to get here I also need to start working
on my costume some of it I kind of need
to make myself our costumes aren't even
that like cooler intricate but I didn't
want to buy like the cheap stuff so I
was like look at crafty and make it
myself so I need to do that tomorrow
maybe I'll take my parents to hobby
lobby I also want to have my dad tried
the little self balancing scooter I
think that'll be fun we're super excited
for them to be here as my mom and dad
would say we're definitely going to
whoop it up that's what they say like on
Friday nights when they watch Netflix
and I don't want to finish that mean see
Israel peace
narrative you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood it's
fitting that they just sent this card to
it says happy Halloween Noah trick or
treat you love you grammy and papa love
it
