Oh what did this dad the dish for the
day I need to rumor ice
oh no I took we need to start a rumor
daily dish
do you pinch us but oh this is the first
time nose ever fallen asleep while
eating I didn't think it was possible
now I'm dying
this is the cutest thing ever see it's
pizza yeah Noah Noah Papa you're gonna
eat bubby Bubba Noah hey bubby Bubba
oh my gosh he's me this has never ever
happened we're having a little bit of
later lunch and he's really tired so
he's like kidding you gotta sleep in the
car what's going on
hey oh my gosh he's completely out he's
he's completely I feel like he's faking
it he's not Oh sleepy baby eat
I decided to come with my dad to his
office for a few hours for an hour so we
stopped to get breakfast and Noah is it
being a very big boy having only
croissant which I'll probably get to
finish looks so big eating his own
croissant my dad goes it's not I got a
croissant and some cheese croissant look
at that he's eating the entire thing oh
and this is really good by firmly what
are you doing ball around a giant nose
job it's got a good job I have a girl
people dad grandpa help hey can you say
ball ball see ball good job you say ball
again good job good job
ooh what's under there houghton there he
knock knock knock knock good job say
ball
well getting ready to go home tomorrow
weird dad right decision
Noah has been loving being around the
dogs it's been so fun trip although they
don't really love him
what's the dog doing Noah but he really
likes River whoa that's so funny
dumar oh we're gonna go on another
airplane with my dad use brush to the
airport or we have the board about 40
minutes Silver's and then hang out for a
few minutes and then get their security
because we got early forgot early
security or something or easy security
out of whatever no off yeah helps no cuz
that's what I tried to get in Salt Lake
and they usually get arrested or a
family like I was taking everything off
that time it was terrible hopefully
we'll have to take shoes and step off
and get right through this could just
keep finding helicopters but was I wish
she would appreciate that he's actually
in an airplane he's not crazy dad huh
helicopter I don't know when we're going
to see you next see if I can get away
maybe we'll be like like Christmas yeah
see if I can make like a new weekend
trip fryer at Christmas
we'll give grandpa hugs see thanks for
letting us to eat your house and see
your doggies small truck torment your
dogs thanks for coming to helping with
your dogs kisses oh oh good kids that's
so nice
well Missy dad I miss you guys
it feels like forever since I was last
year I can't believe Jenna I know where
were only gone for a week it feels more
like two weeks or three weeks there's
been a lot of work and things I've been
going on I'm actually out there for
right now I'm gonna go park my car and
find them Kings barking I went on a
two-year mission where I could not
really communicate with my family except
for email and then calling him twice a
year and that was a long time I was gone
from them I missed them so much but I've
never felt as empty as I have felt as
this week without Jenna Noah completely
empty the most important things in my
life my family Jenna Noah what do they
say distance makes the heart grow fonder
I still love them exactly the same but I
definitely miss him and I can't wait to
go find him right now starting to get
colder
little smile
hey you missed dad I know you did I
thought you would freak out he freaked
out literally like a second ago he's
different bigger I know I know it
these two are back back to their
shenanigans these two runnin all over
the airport together no I'm running it
so buddy his little thanks Andy his
little legs yeah
were you going
it's good to be home this guy's going
right game everybody I won't let go of
Sam oh my god that won't go down I know
I don't know fizzy not me fell asleep
looks like he doesn't want you to not
but just he's so tiny my my baby we love
you
welcome home I hope doesn't start
remembering like oh no I'm home so I'm
gonna be a night terror
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you thought I'm just okay you're our
secret clip Rachel didn't know we had
secret clips no I mean yeah I didn't
even know there were things I just click
on us and if the music comes on right
it's true most people don't have a
secret clicking so this is a secret but
what do I do something funny
Thank You silly face how about the daily
dish from Rachel
what's that we can put this in before
soon daily dish I've been doing daily
dishes with the guys what day long like
a daily dish what does that do oh yes
thank you so tell us about yourself
Rachel Bailey dish about something about
you my name is Rachel I'm 25 years old
blue in California what are you single
and are you taking a single sorry boys
not single um taken she's a really good
actress no I'm not an actress anymore
but she is like oh fun to actually
played the oboe
in middle school I played the oboe in
middle school music still every good boy
does fine and face they said they'd see
if I can't like put them together I
couldn't put my fingers on there any
either I can't even read it anymore if I
try it I pout if I tried don't teach me
I don't have it though we have your
flute and my outfit I have my own bow I
had my last time we were visiting a
couple months ago last year sometime we
moved this chair or this one one of
these chairs and was just sitting under
the chair my flute
it was the craziest thing in always make
us play we always played for Christmas
Christmas your time it was so cool when
I was like this is awkward even
wonderfully well I liked playing as fun
I liked for hot cross buns and stuff
yeah I did like bands oh yeah middle
school band was like it was cool to be a
male school
then high school band wasn't cool
anymore although it's cool if you're
miss if you if you're abandoned but if
you're in drama you're cool too
you're cool whatever you did Jen was in
drama with me and then I quit because
I'm not I'm terrible no I was terrible I
was like the lowest lowest coordinated
hunk you were the frog the frog
I was the quail like and you were like
every animal what play was that
oh no no it was the one where I was the
crocodile and I figure the cat wait
that's all the stories one just to sort
of just the stories you were you hated
that one you were hanging all of them
cuz I was thinking and then I moved
schools because I didn't want to be if
you were agraria had to be in drama and
I didn't want to be a drama so every
schools no oh no my days almost done
cooking cuz we cook Mattei we don't make
it
see dad just said it's almost done
cooking he's making fun of you oh you
were ever said let's go cook some Monday
yeah no I'm saying they make some money
cook it drink some Marty daily - dad
what's your business call muscle works
640 West Hotel happening sweet what the
 for you know ideally dish with
other people if you tell me about your
dish this is that dish
what's the dish Oh what the dish dad the
dish for the day I need to rumor ice oh
I took we need to start a robot Daily
Dish do you Pinterest but oh that one's
a desk good one never do another loss
today remember it took a chopper well my
dad told me to tie her around my waist
yeah I felt it he says that's what he
does when he walks Lucas he's like I
just time around
oh and he ties a river he says I'm gonna
run to waste
oh I did
you know what it's actually pretty handy
though cuz your free hand you don't have
to like do anything just the dog walks
you it's true I think I was burning some
calories documentaries though I don't
know if you want to watch
I like the document anyway maybe I'll
put the Montay but PO not yes I saw it
dad sign you out
yep singing it to the world goodnight
SeaWorld sweet dreams so weird I don't
have a camera my face
oh you don't I don't know how to react
to that oh you don't know like you can
see my pores like this what what yeah
yeah zuzana can see her of my pores on
my face thank you
I don't have the pores I have wrinkles
too no dad we all have wrinkles good
night good night
