well guys you've been getting glimpses
of my secret project that I've been
working on and most of you already know
what it is by now if you watch the
shaytards vlogs or trap Taylor you know
by now that we are opening up a store a
store that will sell clothes it's also a
place where we can pack and ship items
do live streams meetups all sorts of
things so it's kind of cool I want to
give you guys a tour of the store but
once it's kind of set up and open for
business which right now it's not but
i'll give you guys gunz's i'm actually
heading in right now
proj fine aqus like this the back door
engines will open oh there you go
kamalini it is 1004 which means it's
midnight on the East Coast and I am
going to go pick up halo 5 i've been
playing hope done just exiting
I've actually been playing halo since it
came out and I'm super excited yet that
we're going to do a live stream and test
out the internet at the store tonight as
well so it's kind of an excuse to play
plus I want to play before Jen gets back
because I don't want to be that husband
that just plays video games yuria we'll
see what the lines liked and
there's a gate over there I don't know
if I'll be able to intern well that was
easy that gate was actually so people
couldn't get back in the mall and I came
in from the back side so I got it we're
gonna go hook it up download the update
if there is one and test this internet
out hopefully it works my internet at
home is terrible so when i'm here at the
mall this will be cool because i can
upload blogs and also do more last shape
dejan just got this official tune squad
and jersey on the back it says 21 Tweety
I got the sensor out Tyler what kind of
camera are you using these days okay day
hun where did you serve it well I just
found out that Jen doesn't have a laptop
anymore cuz she's at her dad's house so
I can't get any of her footage until she
comes back to Utah so don't be quick
later after you say it's gonna be quick
for you it's quick for me take some time
like a married couple it'll take half an
hour we've been in here for so there's
no net a bunker person I don't know did
you hear this an Instagram approach is
gonna take a half an hour one Instagram
post please we literally left to go dry
what are your thoughts you'll get dry on
Instagram oh stop so let's talk about
Instagram posts a day hun day on an
Instagram one poster we will see we'll
see how we're feeling quality ish we'll
see how we're feeling I can't tomorrow
my boyfriend days tomorrow and have to
go support in thirty five percent all
right we need to go hey guys hold on a
time blogging here alright when you're
on Instagram and you follow someone on
Instagram do you want to see you on
camera do you want to see a post every
single day that's like mediocre
sometimes good or do you want to see one
post a week that's Bangor why are you
guys acting from Camp banger means why
do you use film camera
there's me a lot of sensors in this log
dan post like one photo week but it's a
banger which means fog machines Mighty
Morphin Power Ranger suits and shoes to
him this is the end the seeds it is 1030
I'm installing halo and like I said
before I just found out that hail I just
found out that Jenica can't get the
footage to me because her dad's laptop
doesn't have any way to import the
footage unless she gets a USB cord and I
just don't stress her out with that so
we might be getting some mega long vlogs
or updates when she gets back here's a
look at the story look at these movies
web sex then jump right into that oh
you're right dude did you miss help if
you too soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood my
name is my foot clipped the sweater i
saw the hangar hmm really nice to land
next to okay well leave this uncut let's
go get some mountain dew because that's
what you do when you play halo and uh
yes
