okay yeah I did I was it that one was
good yeah dummy dummy jump in and boy
something
follow the leader you guys are matching
green shirt soft she's the leader keep
going she's the leader go get her
we gotta follow the leader
Noah has had quite the rough morning
he just has not been happy just keep it
comin and he is just a clingy monster
baby and he's just thrown off he's like
wait where's all my stuff where are my
friends and where's all my stuff so we
finally got outside you know he's much
happier whoo much happier being outside
we were actually leaving my mom today
and heading up to my dad's in a few
hours my mom's very upset here the baby
guy split up the time here's the babies
huh what's up I'm alive I was in
yesterday's vlog I thought it would be
fun if it was just footage of Jen their
mom and her sister what have I been up
to you over the past couple days well
I've been doing a lot of cleaning
I'm also actually trying to give a
Harry's razor set to all of my friends
and family members boys and girls today
I'm giving it to David let's go this is
for you homie happy Christmas merry or
early Christmas they've to open at the
stage for handsome thank you for
choosing Harry's inside the box we have
some foaming shave gel I don't know if
my nose is just plugged or I can't smell
it but I'd probably have to spray some
out why is childproof okay child protect
your children
oh we got there nice oh we got a blue
one okay I like that okay we got some
removal blades on there like that I like
that a little moisturizer to keep the
babe that bois-guilbert
what color is that what color did you
hear it now I think it is a blondish or
just whitish something oh oh hey would
you look at that hold up you're
traveling on the go easy peasy lemon
squeezy this is the price is right
Harry's Edition the price is right
Harry's Edition honestly honestly if you
get close to the price I would give it
to you if I saw this on a shelf in a
store saying hey get this for somebody
like you know special someone I would
totally pay like 15 20 bucks for that 15
20 bucks set right here well it is yours
because that set cost $15 and now I'm
back in my bathroom I'm obsessed with
Harry as you guys saw last time I got an
orange set David just got a blue one you
guys want to get this and it's your
first time at Harry's you can actually
get the whole set for $10 just use the
code assamica when you're checking out
I'll get five dollars off you can click
on the link in the description will take
you directly to harrys.com where you can
get it there delivered to your door
they're good quality better than
anything in the store it's more
convenient they make everything
themselves high quality I love it go
check it out $10 for the whole set my
sister's gonna drive us up to four my
dad live up in the next three days with
him so
be right here few days there and then we
had done oh good job balance I'm gonna
hit it off like a t-ball whoa good job
say thank you oh gee for washing all of
your dirty clothes yep thanks doji for
washing your clothes well okay you're
the leader now you're the leader now go
for the host day we follow you now Marge
Marge I know he's got dirty Oliver's bum
so he's much much much happier again
that was really good run hi that fine
slide ride ready he's a slide first
slide 3 slide good job
kind of I kind of said slide he's a
slide
good job he's trying to say something
say it can you oh gee hugs and kisses
goodbye give her a hug he's ready for a
nap love you
we're leaving my mom's reaches kindly
taking us up to my father's house for
visit I'll get him in mom no worries
I love you see you later alright see you
soon
it's only a month away really wanted to
love you we made it we just got to my
father's house wow this is sunbrella new
it's big no it was in the backyard oh I
like it out here oh so no one has a
whole new space to explore and dogs
because my stepmom is rescues dogs and
to that a worksheet right now dad
where's Diane she's a dog dressed right
now she's got the dog rescuing like that
good one with a dog or two she's not
coming home me the dog but she that's
really cool she rescues a dog because
it's best she rescues the most old most
injured most deaf and blind dog and get
what's the best last year of its life
which is nice I guess what kind of buddy
he's getting too taught mores too but no
one has new space to explore new space I
feel like we had watched an in real life
while we're here for some reason during
the holidays whenever at my dad's they
always watch dan in real life we've
watched it like a hundred times
obviously the dogs I know oh good job
but getting up the steps or the pumpkins
he's kind of obsessed with pumpkins
right now - good to see you Father
it's good to see you I'm glad you came
down people always wonder what my dad
looks like because they see me and then
they see my mom and like well what's
your dad like well this is my dad I
think I'm a blend of both of them a
little pumpkin then here's a pumpkin
yeah decorated here huh we are going on
a walk this fine Sunday afternoon and
Rachel has selected to him and we're
just gonna drag her and I was in the
stroller
be very excited to go play with the
balls in the park
balls in the park my dad is making my
sister like a belt from back here tie
the leash around her waist so buddy
I remember once we came for spring break
to visit stay at my dad's house with
some of our friends and Diane made our
buddy take the dogs on his run he's that
was terrible river just runs in every
direction so stylish it's the new thing
to wear your dog wear your dog my dad
lives near a bunch of little private
colleges and the campuses are so pretty
it's like all Ivy anyway look it's so
pretty pretty prestigious colleges my
dad lives by someone named pictures
taking over here just look how pretty oh
no I thought you were five maybe five
seven
uh-huh oh you're gonna kick it hike hike
try to kick it no I go to kick it kick
it
pick the ball oh hey kit like why is he
holding it like a football there you go
you think oh okay I'll wind up for it
I'll get a running start
grandpa's gonna help you again
okay I again start run for their back
sometimes he's so clumsy start for the
back but somebody
oh no he said your name hey oh you say
hi to you oh he really loves his best
friend hey oh yay
dinner time steak potatoes make some is
at my front door someone at my front
door
oh it's Dale you want say how do I know
huh see how do you know okay oh really
mrs. Noah he hasn't been playing outside
for like three days but day on and I
played with him for about thirty minutes
to an hour today and we facetimed Noah
it was super cute those guys man their
best friends tonight is a monumental
night because Noah went to bed by
himself I didn't have to lay next to him
but also because of this guy he's a
chiropractor muscle work zinc muscle
works in Glendora California right you
need your cracking needs come see this
guy anyways he like kind of just like
relaxed
Noah massaged all his little muscles
back here
he was like funny like eyes were like
rolling it was still us he's been all
day
it was crazy he won he ran a lot around
a lot today so he was really tired I
think that helped and I just put him in
bed and I just walked out of the room
he's still asleep
you understand how cool insist I took it
for granted when he did it so much
before beautifully on are you still with
us she leaves tomorrow though which is
very sad not until the evening so that's
good I'll be very sad you said you
wanted to have a great time with dad
he's my cook this month day he's gonna
make one make one Serena cook us not
they don't cook ma you do you heat up
the water which I mean you make tea you
don't cook it to you okay whatever
he's making us mighty cooking sickening
matzo and and Brit more bread because
all we eat is been here read emails it's
okay we like bread and want it read and
never never and watch something on
Netflix a movie or something and I'm
gonna upload these clips oh yeah we did
a great day that was really fun no I had
fun exploring he might his cousin
I'll try to film more of knowing his
cousin Luke tomorrow they're really cute
together
mm-hmm he's so cute he's like the exact
opposite of Noah blonde blue-eyed
fair-skinned twice right well he's only
ten months old okay so no it's like six
months older than him but thank you so
we'll see more of them tomorrow you're
sure we're looking considered shimmery
glittery Sonya yeah my son your cheeks
foul because it probably fell off my
this is like well you didn't put
eyeliner on today no it's like way up
there I know because I was rubbing my
eyes like this let me see yeah was for
me yeah those are my China yes anything
I say um there's some wine getting shirt
there's some it's a Bennett it's like
the softest shirt I think I have really
soft IVA gave me some tweets that have I
got a tweet from someone that said uh he
was kind of sort of in love with Rachel
anyone else loves Rachel this is like a
worse angle look at my face I also love
a great job okay
good night good night
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
