we decided that we would get down to San
Diego State to go a little bit ly we
were going to drive but then I Melinda
my mom are lifelong friend decided I
would you did the train I know we're
gonna go we're taking the train no it
was really excited we're really excited
to be a fun day train ride everyone's
here good morning it's bright and early
right in the early morning sweet world
yeah I hope feel like she was going to
say that it's fun though we're excited
by now they know it is excited to be
doing something before ten o'clock than
work like well we're outside piece pump
he's so excited he's excited for the
train day woohoo yeah 22 right here fast
if he said we're like I wasn't here this
doesn't look like the other girls to you
on camera
hey perfect rainy your dream if you like
we got a dream
he's not going to sit still the entire
trip another run
Cheers oh hi you want to customers this
kid keeps getting air in there nowhere
experiment would not happen again okay
autumn you train he's best talent one
year old to be talent for when you're
spinning jumping while on a movie came
to eat darling Angelina you're dancing
oh well
we made it
err place
just go off the train and made it down
to like a little italy saturday like a
little farmers market it's big belts are
big farmers market what's a farmers
market while we're here I love it look
at all the bread rage oh look at the
croissants olive bread that's the only
all of stuff I like is olive bread looks
so nice here though it was loving it
loving atmosphere fun with your heart
rate oh look Rach only black all over
here oh yeah your dad you should is it
squishy yeah i just wanted to do you got
the hold my hand my mom just got a
lovely kijan it's huge and my sister got
a loaf of bread
look so flaky and delicious they don't
know what how is that good okay sweetie
this custom we have to come back that's
good we just bought the freshest juice
hey example vector at least by the best
juice it's grapefruit is like the most
perfect grapefruit juice I've ever
tasted in my life so good oh wow that's
so good oh oh oh oh my God look at
little range I gosh I don't know I don't
like to speak for this around he like be
like yeah like already there's olive oil
sandwiches yeah thank you music though
it's music assistant
these are smell really good I think the
best thing about these street fair
things are the free samples we're just
about the best strawberries rosemary
know what was it strawberry basil ice
cream was amazing i want to show you
guys later cuz it's 20 years so we
bought some
we're gonna finish up here and then go
to lunch look at these sculptures oh my
gosh these are amazing look at the whale
like the whale
it's like always like see Roxy glass
look like a sea glass wow wow it's like
it's like split or is that a way I think
it's a wave Sam sister Christy could
totally make this but look how cute it
is for a little girl look it was a
little food is it coming from Star Wars
ok I love that little shawl rachel has a
volunteer to sacrifice her body for a
minute to a monkey space monkey was fain
and you could put them on top of you
know it really oh he's a fighter get
rich of kisses on her head hmm oh that's
nice like I oh nice cuddle look kind of
Rachel a sister city girl you don't like
the smell of urine and I don't like the
smell of poop on the streets I just
don't like it Corbin San Diego we never
really came to the city we're at the
beach and like at our houses and stuff
which are like the suburbs area that's
been fun
this boy had too much fun today
we passed that on the train looking at
sweet girls face to put on lips know
that there's no duty like those lips
yourself big t
why does zoom so close I'm sightings of
course I have remembered
pretty wow just stare out of the street
like out gazing layout of the views like
we're it's like we're in Europe
2 2day cuz I don't forget i chose back
hurts I pulled the muffle
all of them were having on might go down
to the palace yeah first thing we're
going to always been wouldn't be mom
I wanted to look at the hourglass brow
pencil
no it's not like the Anasazi I just want
to see if it's just advantage that's not
a spinny you know it winds up but it's a
a triangle it's like thicker I've thick
brows this is the reality of having a
toddler this is the apartment where you
done dog you also won't stop eating
wiped out mother wiped out aunty crazy
toddler no agree i should clarify i
don't miss the messy days i missed the
kid yeah well you saw it too everyone
deserves little splurge once in a while
it was very fun we had a little mini
girls outing this afternoon they left no
with Grandma oh gee and it's only
freaking 430 we've been up since like
six and we feel like it feel like at
seven o'clock on that already I feel
like a fat neck we're going to be
passing out at like 10 well we have been
passing out it liked it and I fell
asleep the other night at 93 on the
couch I motos last night and I offer
good night before last I we stayed up
til 1030 vol we only see it till 10 they
have a new job you haven't had it though
we had it it's better in utah instead to
get an ounce better new time public it's
so good you talk
so now we're gonna pre mother's love
one day I got Hispanic it's a little
Mexican lang like like like grocery
store yes because we drink nothing and
they're the ones with itself Arjun 10
monday so we're getting some for my mom
and my dad the gap video akumal and to
welcome only
yeah it's only for authority my sister
has a really pulled muscle inertial I'm
really pull ya holdin less like words
whatever I think that nothing I've ever
had anything I can literally I've had
ever i did like connected to my owl it's
like in the alibi turns look at me quedo
straight look at me why sonu hearth is
not right there over a little bit to
fill up ah found it so you tell a little
girl shopping splurge and we got a face
mask and got one for my mom so we're all
gonna do face masks tonight the Rose
rose rose rose ones and I got my mom a
pomegranate one yeah they're kinda thing
this should be sent oh oh I feel most
with face masks on yeah we may get to
that point because we're so tired hey
you find out here we got a face mask to
try we got a palm grant one for you it's
like energizing for all of us to do
tonight she put on ten cents spit on
like a million senses I don't they holla
yeah looks like you're about to like
make out let's accuser doesn't even look
like oh oh my gosh he's so weird like I
wasn't here this doesn't look like the
other girls doing you on camera I'm
nursing women do mungkin we look at
others like a scary cash so we went long
before mom looks like a live show to
mummy is he quiet notice we put note
about early and now we're having a
family if I laugh at pills opens I go
I've always wanted to try this a form
asks that all the girls are you gonna be
a bad thumbnail
you say I'm aren't you missing your lady
did I feel like a mummy so I think you
see not my nose it's not even cute
though has a lower facing us so it's a
little big on her monka pump got my my
home and read and hear each other heroes
what are your hydration I'm look at this
man I thought it wasn't like a jelly
mask it's like a cloth mask it's so
weird does it dryer we're not usually
pop you're sitting infinity what does it
do it hydrates what it settle with me so
yeah I'm in our energy that's right no
no you just yeah yeah yeah what's yours
no yours the red one well you're just
for mindset oh yeah impending fatigue
and energizing yeah but for your skin
yeah all my same guys a lift and ours is
um moisturizing and how'd you get
hydration hey I'll torture hi Jenna
right and brightening oh I need some
frightening on my skin so this is kind
of a fun girls night it stings a little
I got a sudden us I think I'll told it
by one of these again sure they're so
creepy I hear there's a black one
there's like a black one that the girl
you can do but if we went outside
somebody's window and stood there like
this mystery cave for it but why you say
I figure the guy from Halloween with the
mask Freddy Krueger
Halloween happy Halloween honey do you
want to kiss me hey baby you mr. GU
looks like a man I do I look like a
little man you kiddin oh ok ok so
hopefully we'll see after look robbery
after and beautiful yes look people
young and beautiful mmm I think we'll
just end the vlog here play that was
tomorrow we go to my dad so it'll be
good to see him and my stepmom
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood you're
gonna love lyrics terrible yeah you're
not gonna give a good night pretty face
at the end of it
