who they love you daddy say love you
go dance good in ya llego dance right
you guys I go no go no go no go no go no
oh he wants to stand up there again it's
gonna mean is rhodium dance no is it
flat tray
I gave him doing his own cart for the
first time he loves pushing cart look
it's still a little big for you without
that big wow look at you go
good job no we're gonna steal my teeth
this one's like a bath off it there's
not even think it like dried or okay
it's for with my sister at her work have
a good time a real fancy lunch nice
shirt we brought yours you can't you
wait I leave it like heart on your left
in the coffin is just gonna get it
tomorrow I sing it I love to the comet
coffee what are those tonight tomorrow
night tonight you guys need to come to
my walk yeah we bring my wasserman
Noah's dream come true football on every
TV in key for every TV oh hi my sister
my sister works at a country golf course
without his college Country Club golf
clubs and I was way we tell the golfers
see ya in the printed
you just have everyone can you just get
Rachel the biggest kiss and the biggest
hug ever get Rachel kisses you got
lipstick on your mouth Oh give her hugs
OH you love your auntie Rachel just one
more kiss my god looks ago Noah give it
one more kiss give it oh yeah that was a
good one you got lipstick everywhere
super should you lose here for you Noah
let me see your face you got lipstick
yeah you sure do better see everywhere
we found the tennis courts full of sand
this kid has only been wanting to stop
to play dirt and so this is great
because it's just sand huh we both took
long naps today didn't we he's too busy
are you too busy playing in the sand
where'd it go I don't know what the plan
is tonight they're supposed to come up
and hang out and maybe we might go do
something in my mom offered to babysit
babysit yep so we'll see girl sure here
sissy good job okay well this is my view
right now it's about six o'clock we've
been getting a lot of stuff done today
and I'm just laying here looking at the
fluorescent light trying to get a tan
from it it's not really working now
why why why what
good cake he thinks like it's up two
balls like one for you one for him he
doesn't understand like passing he just
wants to kick it himself okay he's like
I'll go this way and not pass it to you
now you gotta play with people team
sport so this clip is specifically for
dejan just so he knows what he's missing
while he's over at freak fest Freaky
Friday freak athan with the real names
starting with you going what's the real
name of wherever he's at Deep Freeze you
get freaky it's a family friendly game
Dejan is that get freaky so since we're
working hard we decided to treat
ourselves with some olive garden look at
that nice salad that's right I don't
even know what this is but Derek
recommended it looks pretty good
spaghetti meatballs nothing less from
Tyler we got snapchat Tyler here eating
some gnocchi and mr. Lafitte key Nikki
no yoki perfect friday night kind of
okay good it throw it he's been throwing
this pinecone like wow haha she's right
Dave you got thrown over nari la foto G
good throw since I have been slacking on
my workout miss because I'm out of town
I shied me mama gonna play a little
beach volleyball give the blood pumping
ready yeah okk climb on Iran for the
camera down you can't get the ball weird
receives me throwing it to each other oh
dang no here vlog rest terrible at this
game for most evil
oh ok I mean for this dance finish ok no
overtime mom I can see you see that form
oh there's not a vulva ha someone is he
someone someone
hey are we good with that front door
haha these California homes don't have
any air conditioning yeah it's rough
because I mom's side door it's tasting
like that we need to be on this side to
get the wind and it's not so it's a
little hot in here did I understand
she's except minor blue really from
Nance yeah well it's all about maroon so
no stay here we just need to leave that
open to get the wind I love you boo can
t Rachel Jana reward dog he had just had
a snack ah you got me no you don't know
how cool your aunt is she's playing with
you right now yeah I'm playing high tide
tonight yeah you guys look at how long
and beautiful that hair is that's my
goal uhm I need a trim
hot it's good huh it's your skin off I'm
feeling back going from your back
where's your back you said ha ha ha ha
hi I just going to sit there and stare
at her beautiful face smile at her
didn't I smile here tonight we are
pertaining to dinner feasting upon our
meal on our little pullout tray mom it
makes sense that mom doesn't have like a
vacation table anymore cuz like they
just set the stools and stuff like that
we she has this little laptop thing
rinoa to use and its really cute we all
are just sitting with him so he doesn't
feel alone down here he's got a fork in
one hand a strawberry in another i'm
reading pasta and it's delicious i just
think this setup is he really feel like
we're in Japan or something Korea maybe
I don't know I even put no on a pillow
Noah skyping family keeps kissing his
face on the screen into worry wait look
at the screen sandy cube give daddy a
kiss give daddy a kiss where'd it go
pork internet connection Oh makes you
wanna press 0 daddys so silly this is
the halles middle day
hey Dad movie love you daddy say love
you that's okay I just wanted him to see
you before bed say bye her daddy can you
say pipeline and oops waving you say
love you love you yeah I did okay I'm
according to you right now I love you
say bye daddy love you little kisses
blow kisses too daddy mom okay five
minutes you later love you
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that I'm just palette
in my weekend has definitely been
facetiming Jenica Noah it has been the
cutest thing ever when i was in
washington DC away from them I don't
feel like no really understood what
facetime was but these past couple days
oh man that kid he's like dad hi he's
kissing the phone and stuff or the key
