well Noah woke up or you went to bed
feeling really good no fever woke up
with no fever 24 hours without a fever
24 hours that fever so we're off to
California whose side had just go for it
I told myself that if he had 99 or above
that we wouldn't go and he was not to
bed and had no fever when he woke up so
here we are at the airport but we're
gonna miss this guy this is the first
time we're leaving and Sam staying yeah
but I'll probably see you guys yes Sam's
gonna come in a couple days and meet us
out there in California which is way fun
is a heavy well it's better than
carrying it we got a bag for it so
hopefully it's okay I told my mom to
park so she can come help me carry
everything because that I'm gonna have
quite a bit yeah and Sam park to to help
get me some stuff won't put him in here
he's dad back to school couple days got
my trombone back seriously no it's more
of a tuba there we go
you
that was really sad just now Jenna and I
are barely apart so when we say goodbye
and like or apart for even more than a
day it's just weird because we are
together so often I just parked helped
bring in all the bags and things and
then when I'm saying goodbye Noah was
waving and blowing kisses from the
security line it was like the cutest
thing ever just broke my heart
I'm hoping everything goes well Noah we
know it goes places he just thinks that
everyone's there for him when he's at
church of run says hi to him when we're
with friends and run says hi to him if
we go to a YouTube thing it run so tied
to him and so when he's on a plane he
thinks everyone's there for him as well
so hopefully he sits and does well jenna
is a lot of apples she has books which
Noah is now enjoying and things to do
hopefully everything goes well
he's trying to get as far away from you
as you can always bring your kid a ball
getting my school my first black eyes I
look to book a flight on Jen's flight
last night but the website was down so
I'm going to stay here probably for a
couple days try and get as many things
done as possible thing number one to get
done get my screen fixed I need to get
our car looked at because one of the
lights went out and need an oil change I
need to clean up the house there's just
a ton of chores that need to get done so
while they're gone I make it all those
things done clean the house completely
Jen loves coming home to a clean house
and hopefully I'll be able to meet up
with them this weekend when Jenna and I
were dating we used to always say even
at the end of the day or end of the
night we'd say miss you already I
definitely miss I go already we've made
it to my mom's new place and look at how
cute look how cute she has this desk for
her laptop but we're having no Akitas
little lunch there huh it's so cute
right come sit here no one he like just
sits down I don't know if you like that
pickle I just give it to the try it's so
pretty look how tall the ceilings are
mom hi Danica we made it happy amika we
made it we almost didn't make it what is
it would you say good morning sweet
world yea biden with east MP side i
never did what time is it oh god called
240 kind of three o'clock deleted at
like 1230 but then we stopped for some
lunch we got sandwiches mm-hmm oh do you
like that lettuce Hey well you don't
like the pickle you threw that on the
ground sometimes he shakes his head for
yes when he really means to nod huh yeah
you'll all turn to eat it yes there you
go ladies they're all right in between
us you eat some turkey then or a tomato
just shot my iphone off and i had to get
chipotle it feels weird being without a
phone I've been without a phone for
about an hour
and I swear I just saw her Ronda Rousey
a Chipotle but it probably wasn't here
just to look like if Ronda Rousey isn't
saw like right now though and that was
her I'll be really upset yay my phone's
fixed the screen it looks beautiful it's
like having a brand new phone again whoo
my mom has a well her friend her
roommate had showed her that there's
like a little downtown was a street fair
to me at the street fair every thursdays
and so we're gonna go down and have
dinner live music Street food yeah
seriously fans will be bummed to miss
this sorry babe there's like corn on the
cob and Lebanon us from empanadas
homemade so no it was excited to get out
I think you'll enjoy the live music we
have well he like played for a while and
then we went and got some groceries so
we've been doing stuff yeah it's been
good something really good and now we're
going to chief am so excited I'm really
just mostly excited for corn though
roasted corn going to the fanciful
that's the only reason we go to the
first roasted corn well anyway to share
the fun okay I'll fun I can smell the
corn already he smugly does this look I
don't know I can tell the court already
those were fun my mom's never been down
during the day during the daylight hours
like she would be like
punching for all of us do you hear the
music buddy Wow cool look at you guys
it's so pretty out look at these palm
trees gonna Sh my mom always lives in
paradise how likely r you never get to
enjoy it as much I'm trying to learn to
Julia it worth less yeah this is cool
Wow
hey can you think about this yeah cool
now I have to go to Trader Joe's and
make sure our fridge and freezer are all
stocked up with Jenna cos favorites when
she gets home outside of Trader Joe's so
it'll be some of my favorites too
oh my gosh beignets are so yes cool just
bought hummus hummus I don't know wait
bring the card out but it is so good it
has kind of a naughty a good kitchen and
saw see it is oh yeah that's what it's
called but delicious so God
it's busy down here too oh yeah every
week every just like is all the time wow
I got a flower Gary you like music oh
just dancing
no its first time eating corn on the cob
on the drums see the song I'm home it's
830 p.m. haven't really eaten today uh
I'm about to cook up some dinner and I'm
already very lonely gosh I don't even
know what to do with myself so I got a
bunch of stuff at trader joe's I might
cook up something jenna is supposed to
call me in a little bit since at this
very moment I have nothing to do I
actually I'm gonna cook up something
good so call me anytime Jan I'm waiting
I think I made a little too much chicken
but just enough rice so it's like home
alone I'm gonna set up my candles say my
purse keep my food and then get ready
for those bandits they're coming over
I'm on my second for tonight my mom's
really nice about my sex porn because I
shared my last week nola
really
salmon just cooking no you're fine
everyone wants pictures of the salmon oh
yeah that's like killing you killing
that's a lifestyle my dad each is born
one row at a time one of you guys do
that eats like literally one row at a
time like a little box there you go
conductor music look at that hand are
good job bud hand music with your hand
are you dance with your hand it's a good
job yeah country chance after i ate i
decided to clean everything I made this
kind of a little electronics corner
table thing I cleaned all of this
scrubbed everything down I cleaned the
whole oven and stove top I cleaned all
the counters I cleaned this up I'm gonna
go get candy maybe tonight and fill this
up with like mints and candy have a
little candy jar I cleaned up the table
I reorganized all of those stuff see
what happens is this always gets
organized and then by morning it's a
disaster so we've slowly sort of take
toys and books away enough to move my
camera stuff got all those little shoes
lined up still have to clean that up get
to the bookshelf and organize that a
little bit progress tomorrow I'm going
to clean the entire upstairs as well as
probably steam the carpets or clean the
carpets because there's these little
black dots that we get the carpet
downstairs is terrible it's terrible
they basically told us when we moved in
like you're not gonna have your deposit
because we're gonna take your carpet and
clean it or probably put in new carpet
which is just as terrible something to
clean it all tomorrow I'll be cool got
my music playing
that's a good dancing buddy way into my
dreams dream up so much
good then
yeah that by the better together
you dance like Maria the scenes that's
how you dance just like Miranda good job
good dancer that's where I belong like a
river
well I must say that was a successful
was fun of those fun that was really
cool yeah musical to inform oh yeah that
was really cute little 60 some fun
little Thursday night outing I'm Oh got
done early enough to like do stuff today
it was good we are red from the car
lights we look like we're like sunburned
yeah you got to find the time LA for
like my face looks really fatness well
mom it doesn't but my face look fat
don't answer that lie to me viewers
hahaha anyway we have a great night was
fun it was really fun more fun at home
more adventures plan or Jenica and noah
in my new area yep I'm still getting
used to it but we're a lot closer to
where I grew up yeah a lot which is
weird like weird mean I'm like oh it's
like I'm in middle school again so how
do you remember you had your
cheerleading thing yeah right down oh
yeah and I would go to the pier which is
right here all the time so that's kind
of crazy but it was fun I think so I
feel bad Sam couldn't be here tonight he
would have loved that we miss you sooner
we do all the food oh my gosh I've every
food thing you passed you like oh I want
to try that oh I want that land and then
you can't decide on what you actually
want to eat so we had roasted corn so we
had roasted corn and I had to go to
court oh we gave Noah an empanada yeah I
know I had a banana and hela he liked it
took a minute to like it and we're doing
the medela so fellas
my grandma makes empanadas and they're
really really good I think I shouldn't
be such a chicken but he liked to he ate
some of it so successful I think the
thing is right now is that since i am
here home alone right now I feel like
there's nothing holding me back from
doing anything so I'm just cleaning I'm
getting everything cleaned up and I want
this place to look awesome when Jen
comes up can reach if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I may
even take her in her bedroom tomorrow I
probably will
