Lisa and I made rolls today here's them
when they're raw but oh wait pretty you
should smell know how much it smells so
but they smell so good yeah you like
rolls trust me yes we got the rolls done
and we're gonna stick them in the
freezer right yeah we stick them in the
freezer until the day and then we just
you follow them and eat them and they're
delicious and tomorrow we're making
basically the whole menu yes and then
we'll just bake rebake everything well
not rebake we're just gonna bake
everything on the day up or anything
else see the Cubs practice facility and
take deck enlisted it's really cool and
then probably pretty lows because it's
right there I wish you guys could smell
the amazingness that is these rules they
smell so good I look so delicious and I
want to eat them all right now this boy
is so good at playing
last February when we came to visit
Arizona we came here to Sloane Park
which is where the Cubs play and someone
from the Cubs actually saw this video
and then that's how we got to go to that
one game and get all those cool things
and go on the field afterwards and
everything but anyways we barely missed
out on spring training last year and
then last night they actually announced
the schedule it's funny I'm actually
wearing my Cubs shirt that I got here
got the one you got but spring training
starts in three months in February and
I'm very excited I'm on the season
ticket waitlist I don't even know if I
would actually go with that because it
doesn't seem really reasonable with the
kids and stuff it'd be hard to go to all
the spring training games we'll
definitely go to a couple I feel like
this is new though I don't remember this
being here when I visited last year it's
kind of cool but yeah we're just showing
my parents around right now the field
looks great it's a beautiful day as you
guys know my mom and dad are Cubs fans
as well we flew home and watch the World
Series with them so it's pretty cool
yeah my way you think
very cool this is actually where we were
hanging out when we came in visited last
time and since we live pretty close by
it'd be fun to come by when they're
practicing and when catchers and
pitchers report just come by for a
couple days maybe even when we don't
have tickets because I think you can
wait in certain areas and get autographs
and see the players warm up and that'd
just be kind of fun memories between me
and the fan I love this banner right
here to be cooled absolutely like that
in the office if they like a print of it
guys I'm kind of sad because he probably
won't be on our team next year there's a
good chance who is that it's your
favorite
love it just like that
just like last time love this part huh
DJ's excited to be here you want to go
do some games with me yeah yeah do you
see the lemon tree there's even a lemon
tree in the park it's amazing
hey he's so cute he's so cute you guys
are so cute okay I decided actually love
that one to watch the Cubs from the lawn
hello Oh Sam found we found more lemon
trees Sam something I'll pick one so
that she'll stop swinging on the little
poles
hold on buddy look how pretty this
tonight what'd you get Jen orange Wow
Lacey awesome our own Arizona orange
taste look a little dry we'll see
look around try that oh it smells good
Oh smells good it smells like lotion to
see who I have some in there Papa has a
different papa murphy's
baby she's got so angry Papa got it open
looks juicy
good enough I like it
okay no I like it then okay say please
it's a little sour a little sour they'll
like it then whoa
I figured a lime a lemon
whoa it's not bad with like so sir my
jaws clenched oh my gosh that is so sour
Sam to your bike knows a cat that's a
candy sour candy take a second is this
our iPad you say garbage yeah no just a
real garbage he likes it
okay I'll try one more oh man has a
sweetness to it though somebody seeds
the next bombing hello everyone it's the
day before Thanksgiving and we are
making pies making appetizers this one
has a really good it's also that she
makes this is what it looks like but I'm
currently making my first ever pumpkin
pie hopefully it doesn't sink I'm
gradually stirring in the Ambassador
ated milk okay
Sam's on kid duty right now I hopefully
this tastes good
my mom's pumpkin pies were always so
good I should I should have gotten her
where disease in the pumpkin can recipe
oh my mom used to bake and home make
everything as a kid yeah she had really
good pumpkin pies and that was what my
little brother always wanted for his
birthday where my mom's coming hi
no I'm making it right first-ever
pumpkin pie and it still tastes
delicious I hope I mean people will
still eat it right okay just don't
bother we know we are not making art we
know we know we're still gonna eat it we
have Cool Whip and that's all you had we
have fresh with me oh we're gonna do
fresh whipping cream yeah fresh whipping
cream that's what I love that your
outfit matches like the festive of
nested a family and Halloween
Thanksgiving yeah I like it all right
all right
you're gonna don't want me doing this
don't freak it I have I have some
virtues but this is not what happens
okay here's my shell my aweful folding
sides that's okay she's an art major Hey
no hers looks really good hers looks so
much better than mine mine looks stupid
stupid but we don't care because I'm
gonna wire up
it doesn't cuz you just eat it doesn't
affect it hey now should we add some
sugar in it I'm just kidding DOM is such
a great job this is a little bit of like
you're all too young to know Lucy
knuckle but this is it right here today
Lucy and burly you seen Ethel oh well
that's you guys were a little ham
which one's more which one's more crazy
I didn't say we're Julie Julia Julia
chocolate Martha Stewart I said go back
and look at some Lucy and Ethel episodes
now I want to know how I get this all
the way over there into the oven without
spilling it right right yeah oh gosh oh
gosh
yes
oh boy fifty bit I've moved on to green
bean casserole and we even found found
gluten-free flour
so my sister-in-law can eat this one or
we can make the one she likes with cream
mushroom soup getting going Lisa's
making all of the appetizers for
tomorrow because on Thanksgiving for
lunch we just eat appetizers and watch
football and stuff and then have things
be moved in there for dinner my pilot's
good got my beans I'm just cooling them
down I use gluten-free flour so Courtney
can eat it
and they look it smell really good
I mean it doesn't look that pretty but I
hope it tastes okay it looks like my
first pie but that's okay looks good dr.
Doug dr. Doug is fixing our disposal
it's good thing he brought that headlamp
Sam's empting the buckets of dirty just
water from this thing I guess I guess
our disposal PJ now PJ tornado babies at
work there's so much water in there oh
you you were covered with your hand
oh my word yeah cuz we would have had to
call someone oh my gosh
oh you're literally covering it with
your hand yeah Wow Poppa thanks for
being so brave sticking your hand down
there do the peels come out yeah
for hours no we got out at the gas
stations like
don't drop her she's on the stairs el or
you'll get it love each other
all right few weeks ago I asked for
recommendation on board games to play on
Twitter and last night we played
splendor I don't think anyone actually
recommended that to us but one of the
most recommended games was code names
code names just name first game of the
book I was the head spy but I was a
spymaster with my mom and dad on my team
how do we do guys
well into our second game the whole
point is like they say a word and then
we have to try and guess which codeword
it goes with and my mom said ski right
ski yeah so I got Alps and then I was
thinking Olympus or ice but in Olympus
seem too complicated like I would didn't
to overthink it Mount Olympus but I said
ice and that was on their key where the
guy is that I don't want to get so
that's I Jenna so excited so we did it
we've been hosting preparing for
Thanksgiving
Jenna has cooked up a ton of stuff yeah
good we've played a lot of games we've
had a lot of fun the family's here
everybody's in bed
everybody's almost asleep I just checked
on Noah
my parents are in his room now they're
sharing a room my dad playing solitaire
now you don't sleep like midnight
oh really fine tomorrow it's turkey time
and the parades and yeah just heating up
all the food cooking a few more things I
was talking to my friend today and then
my mom said this earlier she's like
preparing for Thanksgiving it's
something that it takes weeks yeah we
kind of did it in one week yeah we've
had to go at the store a few times yeah
and reading be even more prepared though
for Christmas somebody except really
excited for that too so it's gonna be
really fun we'll see how it goes
hopefully the turkey tastes good yeah we
should be like my pumpkin pie I'm really
fed up about the bite so what you're
most excited about yeah although I
didn't follow any certain recipe it's
just from the can actually I'm was
nervous about Turkey get that out of my
face I look together good night
Happy Thanksgiving gobble gobble
one still where's Noah
