wrong number
hi hi I'm your neighbor now oh you're
crying
good morning sweet world another
beautiful day whew what a night last
night was uh for those of you guys that
follow me on Twitter you know that last
night was kind of crazy no had a fever
and he was up pretty much all night
waking up every couple minutes I'm sure
John will give you guys a better update
than I can do but I feel like a zombie
today
you know those days where you just like
don't get any sleep feels like you've
been up all night because you probably
have been up all night that's me I'm a
zombie zombies exist it's ironic because
the thing that got me through my night
last night was my book I'm listening to
the Martian I can't have my phone or
iPad or anything out with light because
Noah will see it and then he becomes
more aware of it and then he's awake so
these past a couple weeks when he's been
awake I've had my earbuds in I've been
listening to Chicago baseball cubs
podcasts and listening to books audible
is actually sponsoring today's video
which is pretty cool because I was
listening to the Martian last night I've
almost finished it and then I made a
note of this because a couple weeks ago
I asked you guys for recommendation okay
smart money smart kids big fares he
recommended that to me I'm gonna listen
to that next I'll be honest I haven't
listened to a lot of Dave Ramsey stuff I
feel like every youtuber does and I
haven't I probably should so I'm gonna
check that out next on audible there's
actually a bunch of the youtubers books
there right now Tyler Oakley's new book
as well as a bunch of other ones so I
might do that next but if you guys have
recommendations let me know I'm only use
audible my phone you can use it on the
iPad there's many different devices if
you guys want to try it out you can
actually get the free month and a free
book on us if you go to audible.com
slash sanika click on the link in the
description you'll get a three month and
a free book you can try it out listen to
the Martian I am listening to that
before I see the movie I'm gonna go see
the Martian and then I've already bought
our tickets for Star Wars yes I will see
it I think it's a day before the tickets
I have I don't know
but I'm excited for that so if you guys
want to try out a book albo has over a
hundred thousand different selections
there's so many I'm actually like Alan
aerators I've heard so far and it's a
good way for me to be in stealth mode
and stay awake and be there for Noah
like this because last night whoo it was
fun and ready for baby number two so we
had an eventful night last night poor
Noah he was oh we had some updates last
night but that's the sickest he's ever
been and it was just a fever luckily he
wasn't like throwing up or anything or
didn't have in diarrhea but man it's
just so sad when your baby so sick you
like you like start thinking like oh my
gosh I had to be so much more grateful
for his health and for like everything
because sometimes being a mom you like
I've said before you hold on to the
little things so last night I had some
like okay I need to be so much more
grateful for how healthy this boy is and
for his little personality you know how
fun he is and like just start enjoying
even more of what I already do enjoy
with spending time with him well yeah
he's feeling a lot better huh yeah I'd
go back this morning his fever didn't
break until probably like 7:00 this
morning like he was fevering all night
long so it's not teeth related the fever
was too high yes I felt so bad for him
because he was just so hot and he
already is like a hot body person him
and Sam are both just naturally more hot
like they just run hotter than like me
I'm like I could wear a jacket and
they're fine we just you know got some
top schools got medicine in him and he
was drinking water so that was good but
he was just fussing all night I felt so
bad he was just in bed with us because
it was to Boston it was too hard to keep
him in his crib and I check on him and
he wasn't sleeping very well anyway so
he slept with us but he's doing much
better mom and dad didn't get too much
sleep either but we just wanted to be
that for him we just didn't know how to
help him sometimes you just don't know
and you just have to like let it play
out I've been reading a lot about fevers
though and fevers are actually not bad
things unless they're like dangerously
high they're good that's how they fight
off that's his body fighting off
whatever he has I'm just glad he's
feeling better today we're going to keep
an eye on him though and probably not
let him run around too much I don't
really want to near Te'o or the baby
because
I should have kept him away from them
yesterday when I didn't know he was so
sick I kind of just keep an eye on him
make sure he's feeling well we're
supposed to be leaving tonight to go
stay at our friends to fly out tomorrow
morning to California and I don't know
if it's gonna happen just depends on if
he's really done fevering if his feet he
does not fever at all today or this
evening that I think will go but I just
you know you just never know so we're
all doing well though thank you all so
much for your love and prayers and
support on Twitter and everywhere we
really appreciate it because sometimes
when this happens for the first time
it's scary you know like the first big
fever is a scary one even though you
know I'm sure with my couple kids down
the line I bag okay we know what to do
now but the first one you're like what
do we do is ma'am should we take him in
like you feeling better he's been
running around today he just had we had
a little back for him let him play
around in there he really hasn't backed
himself he's been he's tired but I'm
gonna put him down for an earlier nap
home sleep for a little while and does
he ate breakfast which is good his
appetite still there so that's great
uh-huh you know diarrhea Wow I didn't
realize how I'm being sarcastic because
my eyes are like purple it's dinnertime
the sun's setting and I realize I didn't
pick up the camera but it's been a very
chill day I'm not keeping an eye on this
guy yeah he's feeling he's doing better
today yesterday he was not good all day
to smell like Oh like sometimes your
body flushes things out that way and
that's what's happening with him it's
not diarrhea thank goodness but it
stinks give me a lot of honey oh yeah oh
my gosh she was like giving every
picture in his book kisses he gave his
puppy kisses this morning he gave like
we brought pictures every picture her
kiss he
very into books lately which I'm
obsessed with he hadn't been into books
but he doesn't want you to read them
really to him he just wants to put
through pages himself which is whatever
it's fine so by this time last night at
like 6:30 in like a half-hour he was
done he was bad he was a high like a
high fever right after dinner tomorrow
because we had planned on being in Salt
Lake today yeah and right now we're just
evaluating whether I should even go
whether you should go whether we both
should go whether what mango where we
should go how do we should go right so
we keep monitoring him because we want
to do I know Noah comes first so
unfortunately you know we might not go
to California but we can always go in a
week or two which is fine or a couple
days I was talking to my mom and she's
like it's gonna be if you don't go he'll
be fine tomorrow it'll be great and if
you do come he'll be sick all week you
know we'll see we're just glad that he's
still happy oh yeah much more himself
today and he still has an appetite which
is great he's been eating and drinking
water today and all that jazz so you're
crying sad yeah well we'll see we'll see
you guys in a couple in a week yeah I'm
so glad we have that to look forward
yeah I just accidentally called the
wrong number and they're trying to call
me back I typed in the heart like 10:28
though to cancel your thing well I have
some great and some bad news first thing
first the great news Noah does not have
a fever he's been without fever for a
couple hours it's feeling really well
and I think him and Jenna will
definitely be going to California
tomorrow to be with family which is
really cool
bad news my Cubs lost which means my
dream trip of taking my dad to the ball
game going and see my cubbies play which
really never happens because the Cubs
are usually not that good is not
happening we lost so that really stinks
I'm pretty bummed out about that I was
really excited to make those memories
with my dad we'll have to wait until
next year dad
the Cubs are gonna be good again we're
gonna make it and I'm taking you to the
game I was also gonna go to New York and
get a tour of the YouTube space out
there meet up with some people I don't
think that's gonna happen either so
that's the bad news but I probably will
get some things on here the secret
project is still going on and it needs a
lot of work so I'm going to try and help
out with that and then probably go to
California and be with Jenna Noah the
great news is way better than the men
days though Noah being healthy so
grateful it was a short stint of
sickness it's good to see him back to
himself though and we'll continue to
check out on him in the night if
everything goes well I'm gonna drive Jim
to the airport in the morning so you
guys will know tomorrow we'll see you
then
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm getting some
food for the airplane for gender Morrow
and this is actually this was one of her
cravings she loves these little cooler
than things just so you guys know
