the thing I was going to tell you guys
yesterday which I'm going to tell you
right now there's something that we've
known for a while but now can finally
talk about
no after a nap you gotta like start
singing I think he's singing right now
oh hey do kidnapped by hey oh you want
to keep sleeping okay I'll turn the
lights off okay bye-bye goodbye oh you
want to wake up hey good morning sweet
world cuddles right after a nap jen is
actually at the photo studio there's a
photo studio here in town and they are
taking a ton of product shots today
working on some really cool stuff so I'm
here with little man we're hanging out I
wish I was there to help jen out and
also just see how everything's going she
didn't bring a camera with either
because she is taking the photos and she
just kind of i would say she feel
stressed out but her hands are kind of
full so she's not Camilla film if dejan
or tolerant or any of them filmed I'll
grab some of that footage and put it
right here go man whoops come here
you're not feeling well today oh I might
not see Nova for a couple days so I want
to make sure I get a lot of time in with
them before before we take off sure go
check the mail he woke up really wore
nothing to give him a little medicine
helped him get through that let's go
check the mail let's go check the mail
but I pretty much love everything to eat
and we have noticed that Noah is pretty
much the same way as he has a can tell
david bought some olives and i'm having
a couple right now and he is loving them
you wanted olive can you say please can
you say thank you okay there you go
straight up one of these olives what
kind of palette do you have huh there's
adults that don't like these babies and
you love them no one's definitely
feeling that today definitely feeling it
yeah his head is hot he's very warm did
you can close your eyes and rest some
more if you want because his molars
gonna come through here's one more how's
your photo shoot it was good I wish we
had a little bit more time but we'll get
it done love you wrong go sit down with
mom on the couch the thing I was going
to tell you guys yesterday which I'm
going to tell you right now there's
something that we've known for a while
but now can finally talk about we are
wait and talk about that well I think
your email my sister Coco the wild Coco
is pregnant she's having a baby then not
only that not only is she having a baby
but when is she having the baby gender
or when is the due date like two weeks
after me to ever do like the same month
which really could be we'd have to be
the same day Noah your little sibling is
going to have a cousin that is born the
same day week or month as then as this
left to me this baby is kind of like a
little miracle baby I know how much
Kourtney and Riley really wanted to have
a baby so this is pretty awesome and the
fact that they're gonna be so close an
age our little baby not this baby this
one but this one and their baby and who
knows maybe they'll both be boys maybe
they'll both be girls either way it's
gonna be awesome nobody fun aren't you
excited mm-hmm it'll make family
reunions really fun too because right
now I mean on Jen tie the family there
are no grandkids except for this guy
right and then I my side of the family
there's Abe who is a couple months older
than noah which is pretty awesome and
once they're older though be like
nothing even just in the next year or
two but other than that I mean all of
his other cousins are kind of old so I'm
pretty excited for you buddy Oh
love it oh you want say hi yeah that's a
pretty good selfie right there you got
me boogers up you know you want yes Oh
buddy it's open he did get a ride home
huh something I meant by at the
beginning of the summer when we were
traveling so much but then it was like a
travel case or like a travel strap for
my car seat for nose car seat so instead
of just getting this the one strap I got
just a whole bag so I can just shove it
in the bag and then make it a backpack
so I could have to free arms they're
just one free arm and then stop flying
around yeah and so I got that so I can
it'll be easier for the trouble just
Noah so I'm excited about that I got my
shirt oh wow I got my shirt oh wow Oh
yep Jake and Noah has his blue dog and a
little fever think you freaked him out
dropping everything nosing like dying
laughing when he ever he's a family hear
me or were scaring him twins
oh they are literally two peas in a pod
I'm not even joking say it no one's do
anything daddy's doing feeling very well
today says g'day I'm laughing hey cute
come now hey now I'm just cleaning up
some stuff over here I'm just cleaning
up just clean up stuff over here biting
you ah it's lover II know it would be so
cute I can't handle it will be daddy go
get a kiss Oh heads up oh we got her
look at bluejack city why we get a blue
jacket blue jacket squad
squad goals by you try driving it Noah
oh that's a cool race car you got there
it was nice good as the other time
though dania okay cool shirt hey cool
shirt okay go scare tati Harley just
like whatever you guys me another cute
baby hi six and a half hours late oh
poor baby well this is like the worst
he's ever felt I feel like oh he's never
been like this no he's yet he has a
fever for sure he keeps just walking up
to items and putting his head done
whining like yeah it's really sad puppy
it's okay where's your free godless
asleep we're here for you so so bad for
him Toki Bobby last time we checked in
with you guys I was around six-thirty
since then my cubbies have lost again
but most importantly we're monitoring
this little guy still because he has a
high fever right now and it is not
really dropping right now we just gave
him some tylenol actually called the
emergency room just to check in they're
like well it's your decision if you want
to bring him in or not it's always
better to be safe than sorry I talked to
my dad he's a dentist just asked him out
kids teeth and fevers and he kind of
feels like it's more than just teeth
because kids don't really get high
fevers from just teeth I'm sure every
situation is different though we're
monitoring him right now
and it's just really sad because we just
want to take all this pain and
everything away how you doing mama about
30 minutes ago we were ready to take him
he was super flushed his skin was really
really warm but then we cooled him down
and he's starting to me feel like he's
getting better we'll take his
temperature in a little bit and if it's
getting worse or saying the same will
probably take him in so ah poor guy
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood
