good morning sweet world I'm Taylor and
I'm Joelle and we're from Melbourne and
you're watching starving the vlogs piece
alright GG today huntys gonna baby see
you while we go check on your little
sibling getting reservoir girl yeah you
wanna go inside okay oh right a doctor's
appointment checking in with the baby
could be a boy it could be a girl we're
gonna see oh oh there's the baby
I did like a little heart to me for some
time today nothing too major Noah was
kind of stubborn didn't really want us
to leave him behind he's really getting
attached to us it's probably always
better to leave him at home because he's
a little wild at these things
okay we just got done with our
appointment and the heartbeat popped up
so fast that we could even pull the
camera out they're always like it might
take a minute don't freak out I mean it
might even have to get the older sound
machine and check it out but right we're
in there for like 10 minutes after Jen's
little rant the other day about going to
the doctor's and waiting forever you got
to take that back these ones where you
just you just in and out usually are
very fast it's the ones we have to have
an ultrasound our first appointment dr.
Greene our doctor I was more so just
talking about taking no to the doctor
because I feel like they take forever
looks good so far
everyone was wanting an update about
this baby and Isis much like no I go to
the doctor and when we're finding out
the gender you guys I'm still only I'm
15 weeks this week you don't usually
find out the gender until 8 weeks yeah
unless you go to a special place yet
they offer a genetic test that you can
take to see if something's wrong with
your baby that all the gender but yeah
we feel like if we did that we would
just be being like oh we want another
gender we don't how to do it for the
wrong reasons plus we're gonna love this
baby no matter what today although
sometimes I think it's good you will do
that people do that sometimes to know if
the baby will be at risk I think if
there had been any complications with
Noah or if we had any history then we
would do that because neither one of us
has any genetic history in our families
there's not really and you kind of do it
right now with the ultrasound an
appointment like you you can look at the
anatomy of the baby like our next
appointments are next weeks we're gonna
have Anatomy scan right and we're not
telling you though we'll tell you guys
so next equipment you'll get to know
what you want to know before
Thanksgiving which is crazy because two
Thanksgivings ago when we were in
Chicago I remember that's when we told
my parents and we were pregnant Kourtney
that we were pregnant with Noah and now
two years later we have even more to be
grateful for before it's crazy I mean
another baby we're gonna know it's crazy
craziness the baby was moving around a
lot she said because she kept having to
like refine the heartbeat and I'm just
like oh gosh all of our kids are just
gonna come out running wild
they're all gonna just need to be in
lots of extracurricular activities no
but no was a very it'll depend on like
how Wiggly this baby actually is and I
can start feeling it because Noah was a
very wiggly wiggly baby and he's still a
very I was like ten weeks it was like 13
weeks old he was like flipping around
we're talking to friends like is so
crazy they're just like moving around
like bomb yeah no no I was breakdancing
no increase this fight I'm so excited
Wow just got me really excited
the holidays are arriving and all the
trees are yellow I love the seasons I
love fall oh try one more time
scoot back scoot back one step good job
okay no this is your last one tail gets
a tank oh okay good job okay let's get
the back to tail whoa that's a good head
good good job okay hey coke Nestle whoa
now we're doing what we do after every
ultrasound gamle lunch I feel so bad for
kids I feel like it's just a torture
because all you do is get tickled and
being tickled Sam it was laying on the
couch another just is like jump tackling
him basically just jumping on him
repeatedly over and over over and over
like this see though it sounds like I
think someone's gonna like playing
football cuz all you do is tackle well
start out with first oh yeah I did a
good dad
this is one of those there are things to
do ever in the world
oh speaking of pregnancies oh I'm gonna
wait until tomorrow I'm not gonna tell
you guys today oh I'm just so happy so
grateful doesn't I even keep you
something a secret it's not about us
directly but I'm gonna tell you yes
tomorrow
it's super exciting it's super cool I
just can't wait for 2016 I can't wait
for all the years to come because I
think this will be something that's
amazing I'll tell you guys tomorrow I
promise for the guy in the relationship
when your wife is pregnant you don't
always feel all of that I'm not pregnant
personally on my stomach doesn't hurt I
don't get headaches and so these
appointments when we go it makes it so
much realer to me every time I hear that
heartbeat I wish I had the camera out in
time it is just it's beautiful it's the
miracle of life it continues to work
watching Austin and Brittney have their
baby oh I'm getting butterflies already
knowing that we're almost halfway there
and a couple of weeks we'll be halfway
there and then before you know it we'll
be a family of four we'll be heading to
the hospital and experiencing what they
just went through and it just blows my
mind every single time well this is just
the second time for me but it just warms
my heart it's it's the coolest thing
ever
of course wait until you're ready don't
just go and have a baby people wait
until you're ready and I already can't
wait to meet this little baby people may
ask what do you guys want you want a boy
or a girl
we're totally happy with whatever this
baby is I think deep down inside Jen
probably hopes it's a girl because she
needs to level up this playing field
I've always had girls in my life and now
it's kind of getting boi dominant
already but we will be so grateful
either way and we'll know in a couple
weeks and like I said before what you
guys know we'll have to figure out like
a fun way to tell you guys hey hey
mister hey good job brushing your teeth
good job brushing your teeth can you
show me your eyes no what
yeah where's your nose mmm oh yeah
where's your mouth where's your where's
your ears you don't know what yours are
where's your mouth
yeah where'd you know that your nose oh
that's really your nose oh uh she knows
oh poor your eyeballs you can't pull you
got to know that that's a little
interesting huh yep okay all right let's
go let's put your jammies on
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood so uh what are you
late tapping dad know what
answer the question Oh why are you late
tackling dad
