I was like literally soaking in the
couch cushions just wanted to cry
hey Jesus hey you just said Jesus oh I
don't know why only use transit Jesus
but Jesus is what came out Noah would
you just say we have bins everywhere cuz
we're trying to organize and let stuff
put away Noah has a full drawer closed
our too small for him that I need to put
away I just ran out of bin and box ah
Jesus yeah jesus oh jesus oh happy
sunday everyone weird and go we're gonna
go celebrate Jesus at church I Noah hey
again who's in the picture over there I
don't know I think it's somebody and
somebody like who's up there that
picture yeah oh that kid is somebody I
see you I see you I see you bill oh you
look at that little body you don't you
are you guys ready to feast your eyes
upon the cutest little Minnie Mouse you
ever saw in your entire lives look at
this little princess that's close in
your head bid me do this oh hi crazy
boys where's your spider-man costume
which one which ones again to what are
you gonna put on thank you the ninja
yeah what the heck where'd you come from
what the heck what's behind your up Sam
there's really really really good
cheesecake in there that I started
eating and I don't like cheesecake
oh that's a good hug that's a good hug
do you like her dress so don't look
under the dress last night we sing our
songs ended are like bedtime routine and
then I coulda met his crib me like like
wait I thought my heart like start
crying and I like laid down on the
ground like I'm gonna lay down right
here next to you like you're okay they
done he's like stood there and like
stayed at me and like cried for a minute
and then he was like oh fine just lay
down he's back again and then it was the
probably this missing I tweeted it I put
my hand in the little crib bars and he
was like holding my hand and I'm putting
his little face on my hand and it was
the sweetest thing I even managed to get
the pillow in his crib as well it was so
much easier to sneak out because I
didn't have to move him you know like he
was just asleep in his crib I had to
stop and a change a very poopy diaper
that was trying to escape the stairs huh
I also gave him a juice cuz he slept the
whole night so last night it worked I'm
gonna try it again tonight and see if it
works I still have to like lay there for
a half hour I mean I'm not rocking him
for half hour but I'm laying on the
ground for half hour so you know it's
good it's like a transition of just like
getting him in the crib and I expect he
rocked for a rock to sleep well I wasn't
like happy like yeah I'm free because
I'm still in there for a while but it
was like yeah he put himself to sleep so
proud of it yeah yeah be careful put
your straw in there put your shine yeah
you slept the whole night by yourself
yay it's the little successes hopefully
laughs Oh straight home from church got
the shirt wide open eating a cheesesteak
about to pass out if he can eat oh my
goodness he's a turd we made major
progress today we got Noah to sit in the
same place for one entire hour the
secret to this madness is something
we've always thought today it really
worked apples he loves eating apples so
much that he meticulously ate that Apple
took his time
showed us held it SAT there enjoyed it
well there was one part where he got up
we're a church and he started walking up
and I had to go Jason but it's pretty
good that is a record for us it's
usually like 10 minutes we didn't you
start bringing apples everywhere we go
that is the secret okay Majesty we're
gonna hit our first ball you might take
a million tries but we'll do it oh it's
a nice dancing a bitch i stands out a
little intimate oh look at that hit
screen you see that swing swing ready
there you go making him dance that's
what I we turn the film yeah oh so close
try bigger ball ready oh you should like
a me at the back I've started like at
his bat and it's just like bounced off
and he loved it oh nice excuse me excuse
me what here we go oh yeah that's pretty
good whoa yowza gentlemen check out this
fine thing check out this did you just
do this for fun who would love to take
this beautiful woman we don't to the
masquerade in this beautiful dress whoa
no one's taking as a day won't be my
date whoa sparkles Noah this space right
now is like these sparkles that feels so
weird he does not like the texture of
this purpose this your prom dress yeah
senior-year prom mm-hmm Wow dang thats
so cool I think I gave away my prom
dress it wasn't that pretty doc she look
so pretty in that dress I was like lace
oh my oh my gonna look of those started
so bedazzled our school is known for the
biggest hole
go to it hahaha I went then I have to
show you my costume one year we went to
the halloween sambo and we saw we the
kings play they can't play at our school
and it's crazy hero Daniel Duncan yeah
we seriously picture with Danny and it's
so weird to think like oh five years
later we're friends hi Noah is partaking
of his first burgers like a book she
does yeah it's baseball game tonight so
we're all kind of watching baseball all
excited we're excited baseball had a lot
of nice life yes it has saida no gets a
special seat tonight to watch the game
hey dinner we got to order a mat for
under here we're gonna order a mat so he
can sit with us without ruining the
carpet the Cubs lost again for those of
you that don't follow baseball it two in
a row that means we're losing the
theories here to chew and you know what
when we're losing there's nothing fun
about filming me I just sit here I was
like literally sulking in the couch
cushions just want to cry and I didn't
really want to cry I'll tell you guys
why I'm kind of sad though okay town
babe I get pretty emotionally invested
in my teams no no no no he has been
emotionally invested in his team's his
whole life it's true from a small age
that's the way I feel like I was raised
and met the same things kind of happened
in dhanoa even though he doesn't even
know it yet fit so when my teams do well
it feels great I'm always there for my
teams every year through the thick and
the thin I'm super excited about this
year because I'm planning a trip but if
the cups keep losing it's not going to
happen I'm planning a different trip
that's gonna happen I know what a
different trip so I will just let you
guys know so that you guys will root for
the cubs to win the next game because if
the Cubs win the next game that means
there will be a game five and
I have tickets to game 5 I have two
tickets I'm gonna fly out to chicago and
take my dad to the game and i want to
have those memories with my dad and I'm
gonna go visit my family yeah when you
told your dad you said he was almost
crying Oh ash up miss Noah's life it's
hard living away from family me
personally I think it's harder living
away from family now that we have noah
than it was when I was just a single guy
or when we were married I wanted to know
his yeah that's it's like emotionally
I'm like oh I want no one to be around
his family more so that part of it is
hard and Jen wasn't able to see her
family that much at least out in
California we went there for VidCon so
Jen's gonna go to California if the Cubs
win I'm gonna go fly out take my dad to
the baseball game we're gonna be there
at Wrigley and if they win another game
I'm gonna go to New York with my
brother-in-law and see another game much
of a crazed fan Santa Sanders I just
think of my heart it really is like a
once in lifetime up to good family
memories so yeah I would love to go
those games but I told Jen come with me
come with me let's go I know it I think
I think it no needs to see my family
yeah so if the cubs lose though that I'm
heading out to California in an instant
I'm not gonna mention know you guys have
all the fun without me hahaha and degree
weather yeah it's a little baby so
that's what's planned and I really hope
we win ona I want to make these memories
I don't have these memories that last
forever the more I live yeah the older
my parents get the older my family gets
and we have to continue to make memories
which sometimes means flying long
distance to be with them so we're
excited tomorrow we have an ultrasound
can't wait to check in with our little
baby is it a boy or is the girl Jen well
it's too early guys too early we find
out on a month oh but Jen thinks she
knows I have no idea see yes tomorrow
anything you can reach a few too soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood hey my
my turn it off turn off the camera was
awkward no I can stay all day
