this is not like we look like for the
entire time we're all together I think
we eat flies when we're together I don't
want to like be cool something will be
on the internet and it's like no hey
brother
good morning sweet world it's a bedtime
yet it's a bedtime yet Noah Noah decided
he wasn't tired last night at like one
or two in the morning I don't even know
what time and so I was like falling from
the couch so I was like saying you have
to go I can't so he went into rocked him
and came back in it like came back in
our room I like 230 almost three just he
played soup in our bed she didn't that's
two screaming I can't handle I tweeted
that no isn't a screaming for no reason
phase that's a prime example except for
worse Oh worse it drives me a little
nuts because for no reason you screams
for no reason so I think we're all gonna
be a little tired today but I have a fun
lunch with my old roommates every couple
months well once or twice a year we try
to get together for lunch or dinner and
see each other we're all in town at the
same time have a little girl time
without the baby yeah let's go get
dressed hope you guys had a great night
great day I can do hard things these
purple bags can do hard things we can do
this
week two going on week 3 we can do this
we've decided that it's a good idea to
get nose ears checked out just to like
rule it out if he were to have an ear
infection so that's what we're gonna go
do we got a last-minute very last minute
doctor's appointment huh let's go put in
the kitchen you put on the counter for
mom too many signs a bit bothering you
right but it's good to just roll it out
we feel responsible to make sure our
child is checked and looked at right
just to rule something out I'm thinking
maybe you know if you did have any
infection that could be why he's
screaming like he was trying to unplug
his ears or something but he hasn't been
tugging on them but we'll see we'll just
see what's up I think it's just super
Gretchen plus teeth I'm good to just get
it checked out ha bud okay let's go to
the car let's wipe your hands off one
eternity later well we just got back
from the doctor like I hate going to any
doctor phones it's always like you wait
an hour to and they see you for 10
minutes in this case we waited an hour
they saw us for two minutes if that
maybe a minute and a half um like I
thought like he's totally fine his ears
are fine which was great I'm glad he
doesn't have an ear infection that makes
me really happy when he's healthy his
everything's great good temperature um
it's just she had some giant teeth
coming in so he said this one came in
last week so now this upper one he said
big ones coming in over here so it's
kind of what i thought i knew his teeth
last night i should have just given him
some tylenol i just never know like he
never liked wines like once we hold him
he's fine so i never liked think it's
his teeth but we're just gonna give him
some start just doing tylenol at night
plus sleep regression I know Noah this
kids 28 pounds you guys 28 pounds he's
almost 30 pounds he's huge look at that
belly he's so cute I'm glad he's healthy
I'm glad we also know what's going on
okay this is what happens when mom's
gone for lunch for get a 500 is it okay
let's see oh is it raining no go like
this like this
rain is fine sorry Jen ah a few moments
later enjoying my time with my friends
cuz I was like oh yeah I have my camera
and they don't want to be a handle these
are my old roommate yeah ice has seen
them before not in a while we have not
been together since after Noah and I was
like five minutes yeah yeah all four of
us have been together three of us have
been yes yeah and now we're together
again I just keep forgetting to film
because I've just been enjoying my time
being crazy cuz they bring up my silly
more slightly crazy side those you guys
we got my crazy side oh definitely she
will go home and be like Oh Sam Alicia
was such a bad influence on me ain't all
these weird things like I have not said
anything weird this is me there my
excuse to just be weird it's fun yeah
yeah wait wait how long have we all been
friends now six years 2009 we're too
awesome and one time we stole a line
Apple together and I was in there no
wonder why I wasn't there no I was I
came home and they had a pie girls
together we had us institutions together
oh my gosh mr. we didn't many many
things together man oh man oh okay we're
so that is so pretty nice person in real
life makes it seem nice on cam I'm not a
nice person I'm very different and
realized guys
this is the nicest I've seen you act all
afternoon France because we can't we're
going yeah kids laughing laughing hey
shut up sure no I'm not we should be
very wary very weird things today like
my grandma and therefore yeah and you
did some weird the hand swipe across my
mouth for me so I was spinning laws
talking like drop back stop that haha
that's you stuff these people are crazy
help me set up I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding Oh guys I knew they even gettin
together secretly without me know even
though it's just been a year since four
of us but you were there with me in
China haha and when I went to lunch with
Caitlin and you were a horror story yeah
we love each other that's true good bye
bye hi this is not late we look like for
the entire time we're all together I
think we eat flies when we're together I
don't want to like be on the internet
and it's like nope hey brother that's
great it was really great swing against
women Noah penis did the best thing ever
even like let go of the bat he's
watching the cubs game my holding his
bat it's really cute I think honestly I
think baseball is his favorite as of
right now he always wants to baseball or
football it was basketball for a while
but that bat he holds that that every
single day he like even let's go with
one hand please have the right I'm not
to hit people
so our pumpkins look so bad well get my
bat is not a bad anymore it looks like a
but an alien bunch of eyes Wow Jenna
likes Ernie Ernie Johnson real good guy
Michigan State just came back and won
Marie Ashley that's a shock Noah's
started to scream dude we're not no
screaming bud no screaming you're having
indian food we were watching the Chicago
Cubs I'm gonna see if these socks are
lucky I see that that's the outfield
right there the ivy I got the scoreboard
right there if I had to predict I say we
win tomorrow loose tonight but six and a
half hours late all right because cubs
lost game on a thread tomorrow wait
tomorrow Tyler still out of this house
he keeps waking up no I'm trying to get
him over and just kind of calm down it's
okay when tomorrow aaron has a hundred
followers on vine have a hundred one
hundred followers on vine we're gonna go
who to so they didn't want to go to
kneaders yeah you're the like pie oh
that's you don't like fun he's from the
north or friendship or puppies I'm
watching a game right now there was 55
my friends play yeah I wasn't like fun
so we're gonna go have some fun and get
smoothies and we all we call drown our
sorrows and sugar we called a on cam no
I'm Kim yeah thank you that's Kim and
then we have a more I'm trying to do the
place
donut some time ago my birthday oh
really long time ago love Donuts pile of
bones too it's just no one of those
things I just never really got me back a
goal hey well you guys have a Dunkin
Donuts across the street we don't know
well now we do also every like market
here is also
so good with know if you're gonna need
are the switch lines
you know what I hate they're big it's
like to know someone I hate I just want
it all out and all out a little bit
jolly that's all
Thank You II freaked out did you get a
doughnut Aaron where'd you get Oh
strawberry thank you oh yes my Jonah is
at the bottom of all your doughnuts yes
so it's been two years pretty good mind
for me to get yours ID yeah I have some
be really oh it smells like fall out
here we all want to do in meters and get
some pie and like tarts and stuff but
Tyler we want doughnuts and lucky for
him neither just out of everything so we
came here to get doughnuts dunkin donuts
too dark dingleberry to go jackie rooney
web we have a minion nickname very
cylinder head huh we hold make me think
of halloween cuz my grandparents alleged
penis is on homey actually one of my
doughnuts I from donut hole cuz it's the
center of a donut don't a whole whole
would be heir male papers they take this
this is the whole like in the middle of
the donut that's not the whole then the
whole video lesson okay how does the
whole get there Haley think about us a
lot a whole is that it's like you put
that as the whole of the day with air
it's the whole Sedona we'll look let's
break this down oh great look so good
the tribe and the tribe after dark yeah
are we gonna busy what do you guys think
I'm ready don't I always thought they're
called donut holes but it's like the
center of the donut like this was the
conscious this is the imaginary whole of
the donut donut balls cuz if it was a
little baby pop this that works out
donut balls work to either way they're
delicious munchkins they're delicious
one and daehan's curling on the couch in
case no lakes them thanks uncle dejan
hey cycle day hot
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood dude
so we're gonna call it for a fire I
guess aim to go out but they define this
quiet that's not saying we're gonna so
we're going to take this niggas
Instagram picture this union no I'm
hotboxing is an ally right now dude I
own idea I have an idea for an Instagram
picture
