point is sweet world this is christina
from dallas texas and you're now
watching this samack of logs wait i'm
watching cynical vlogs oh I gotta go bye
Noah what are we gonna do when is that
color first gonna paint your other
canvas finally a little bit bigger now
you might like it a little more orange
and green okay you want to use those
colors we'll see how this goes because
uh last time it was every way Noah what
are we gonna do why is that color first
I'm gonna paint your other canvas
finally a little bit bigger now you
might like it a little more orange and
green okay you wanna use those colors
let's see how this goes because uh last
time it was every way ready to paint
this can paint it it's just like trying
to paint with the lids on its really
cute and that guy's working working away
and tonight we're going to the aggie
game possibly aaron has volunteered to
babysit but Noah hasn't been sleeping
well so we're trying to side I put him
to bed and no and then Aaron just sits
here if Aaron the attempt errant bunk
bed I'm moving local bed it's someone
else you know what it's like Oh mom's I
here maybe I'll just go to bed in my
crib or you'll freak out I don't have to
just have everybody Camino lets me okay
guy use your fingers just your hands
okay let's try the difference is already
night and day between the young Picasso
there you go good job no huh I'll help
good the coach ok won't try another
color some green and some denied get on
clothes no it's washable
you're mixing colors what does orange
and green make vomit typically buddy we
are the chunky parts good job I know
what is more green finger in wow this is
so much different than once I know first
time you did he had no clue what's going
on we're just like put paint out he's
we're like all right no try and paint
and he's just like it's just everywhere
hey Deenie did such a good job Josh you
try another color what color blue
beautiful spirit chunks yeah good job
okays over the day some little thing
what's more blue you're pretty cute in
the mind of an artist look at him as he
takes him the color he smells it around
on his kindness thinks about his next
move both hands no no no no it must all
be hidden in the cheeks yes the damage
is it in the cheese on him oh here is
ladies and gents no this final product I
call it seasons I have no idea it's kind
of really cool good guys like to like
parallel lines well one's kind of curved
but you know I mean right in the middle
huh it was great for about you know most
of it and I was like okay come along
crazy again that's okay Wow King come
off dad pick these up he's coming big
lemon pickle and pick some up and fix
him up put him in the think he's getting
really good at helping clean up good job
I'm gonna learn to clean up his toys
after he's done playing huh he's good at
picking up his legos to jump again
okay let's pick them up again what
happens we have a toddler babe yeah
welcome to the big show it's tyler
Phillies first Aggie football game
Tyler's ready yeah he's all the way go
aggies going hey hey hey four-point boys
the state that's really good so
hopefully we win
these are on top of the action right now
getting dick oh no II felt
let's go for it go for it coach coach
you know you want to go for it
yes yes sir we won
go for it hey if you want to win this
game you got to go for it
Oh
Oh
well back in the elevator in addition
it's like sure who the team I came with
no makeup on grease and baby food
supermom don't sleep as much supermom
super moms oh wait you have something to
tell us that's super not mom oh alright
save the day
hey there's the guy
I wish I put my foot on second start
clapping
hey guys have you seen our Scots good
dance like this play the lookout amazing
this is from Utah who doesn't love this
not right meltem cows
Oh
oh wow this is amazing we gotta get a
picture in big blue gotta get a picture
with big blue huh oh yeah okay a little
shorter vlog today we're gonna have to
hang up nose art by his last painting
this is one that he did oh man how old
was he then I feel like he was less new
year old still and that was pretty cool
it's kind of fun to see his progression
kids they just grow up and learn skills
and just change so fast we had a fun
time at the game the aggies won I don't
think we'd be in boise state since like
1997 so that was a big win for us when I
first came here to school my freshman
year our team was just terrible in the
year after year we've gotten better so
it's been a lot of fun to go to all the
games Jenna and I have even traveled to
some games we went to our bowl game two
years ago in California and we've been
there for most of their really fun cool
victories so it's been cool this summer
we did something a little bit crazy I
said sometimes you gotta just act a
little crazy do something a little crazy
and next week I think its part to that
things are really about to get crazy you
guys will see what I'm talking about and
those of you that follow me on Twitter I
think you already know we'll see you
guys tomorrow pace if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood yes
all of you guys have been asking will we
tell you guys when we find out whether
arriving a bar girl and we will let you
guys know we actually have our next
doctor appointment on Monday I don't
think we find out them I think that's in
a couple weeks maybe two or three not
sure exactly but all you guys know we
will definitely keep you guys up to date
