good morning sweet world and Cleo and
Ally we're from Belgium but now they're
in Rome and every night we watch our
semi kebab face today I'm trying
something new for Noah for lunch I
wrapped his cheese stick in salami and a
piece of Turkey it looks really weird
but I hope he likes it and eats it we'll
see fingers crossed I'm trying to think
outside the box here and he ate like
most of my wrap the other day so I think
like this look babe oh I see you oh you
almost got miss all your hair you'll
make it I was like oh wow look how cool
you look you look cool you look cool
Star Wars and joggers look no look what
a man from lunch a cheese stick rappers
Romney and Turkey oh I feel like you
would like that genius you're a great
mom come here Noah what time well he's
keeps begging so lunch is Chloe gonna be
coming early and earlier you do 1230 and
then she was and now it's at
eleven-thirty because I put him down at
talk ready for lunch for earlier that
you
you
yes hey guys i just did a quick
periscope I feel bad we didn't post the
video the other day and it's my fault I
was planning on staying up getting it
edited and then Noah was up all night
and that was in his room to like five
six seven a.m. and we had to leave early
for Salt Lake I didn't get back til two
a.m. and i was like i need sleep i need
sleep so the last of all you guys saw i
think was kind of like two days together
but you know at least i got them all in
one video yo it up what up for that
surprise for general quick my cousin's
just hooked us up I just not focusing oh
my word there's also some socks for
dejan smelling many thought I gotta show
you though I've already looked at them
and some of them are so sweet hold on so
there's some for you these are the ones
I'm the most excited about check out
these cubs sox these are so nice to do
that's kinda like Cubs colors our cub
sucks if you're lucky I'm just kidding
you like those dude I know there's a ton
look at those those are also got some
multi colored ones already gave day
handsome these are cub socks too and
those are for you these are like Eastern
Conference all the NBA players are
wearing these this year oh my god this
is my favorite one though you have the
IV and then you have the scoreboard look
at those how awesome are those deals
like my star wars shirt also just got a
new shipment of my favorite razors
Harry's as you guys know I'm gonna do a
quick unboxing of this because I think I
got a different color blade this time
around it's almost november which means
that's when i get really ugly and I try
and attempt to grow facial hair which
usually isn't the most successful thing
can usually get a mustache going but
nothing nothing here I've heard rumors
that I'd give you shave more often your
hair will go faster people would saying
that like my whole life has really
worked but this is what I used to shave
always I've shown you guys this a lot
mmm a nice sturdy wait I like that I've
never had the orange one I have notes
used to look ugly today because it isn't
November yet so I need to shape this off
in the kid though you get this razor you
get the option of some nice foaming
shave gel or shaving cream a little
aftershave moisturizer some instructions
this nice device to keep your reins are
safe especially when you're traveling a
package of refill cartridges it all
packaged nicely in this box shipped to
your door for free and for the past
couple years it has been my number one
choice for razors whoa and just like
that I'm 16 years old again actually
smells really good if you guys want to
try that you can actually go and click
on the link in the description right
here will be due to Harry's calm and the
set that I'm using its fifteen dollars
but if you use my promo codes amika
you'll get five dollars off your first
order so the whole set would be ten
dollars you really like it then you get
refills and I sent a box about my dad
and Jen dead for birthday / father's day
and they both really liked it too girls
to Jen uses it to shave her legs it's
great uh they all fell out there's still
something her shirt check him out we are
we got bored and so we were playing with
blocks and I sided the minish shirt any
thought I was hilarious and so he kept
asking to put more and more blocks
initial aquis trying to put them into
shape come here and it's just so funny
walk around just like big back and belly
of blocks I see you I see you oh did you
find the remote a really alright mom I'm
ready to sit down and watching cartoons
it's heaven of that type of day I've
been really tired today I guess he's
kind of tired today too huh most a lot
of people have been wanting another baby
update and look at them handy these
remotes mom turn on the TV it's that you
have a day guys
oh I would you tell them we were playing
outside for quite a bit we were playing
soccer and running around now it's chill
mode oh yeah but a lot of you guys have
been wanting a baby update mostly still
I'm just freaking tired I'm so tired I
feel like I just like feel tired all day
long it's like I can just be sitting and
doing like just sitting and watching
noah play acknowledge that playing with
tail I'm still tired oh you want that
one okay hold on he knows which remove
does what you think oh I mom I know that
remote turns on YouTube videos and
Netflix huh oh wow when I first read an
entire episode ah yeah you're cute geez
just like that one minute after playing
on the TV or back outside hmm what are
you doing he's been trying to ride this
thing in the weirdest ways so funny turn
it he's getting much better steering I
must say no not backwards crazy man you
can't read that backwards
she's here steer steer good job still
the best time of no was night it's
brushing his teeth with mom and I here's
on Susan self is brushing his teeth
along he won't let me okay let me just
do it real quick and then he can have it
what did someone say like Noah's first
year of life was a musical ocean thing
yeah so the other day when I went and
got my spider-man costume I decided to
fulfill a childhood dream of mine which
was getting a strobe light a black eye
and a fog machine right there I tested
out the fog machine I forgot to grab my
camera I should show you guys it again I
plugged it in turn it on and it was a
lot of smoke a lot of fog almost too
much like I heard neighbors start to go
something on fire like what's going on
so I quickly turn it off unplugged it
the reason why I got it is because I
want to make a little like haunted house
just kind of like spooky thing on
Halloween for know and thao to go
through not like scary but fun something
fun and enjoyable festive I think it'd
be fun to set up something in our garage
or in the front of the house for them to
go through so if you guys have any ideas
and how I can do that without scaring
them just kind of fun stuff maybe we can
do like the spaghetti brains bobbing for
apples well no I can't really do all
that stuff but it'd be fun with my
parents here as well they're coming out
for Halloween supposedly they have
costumes I don't know what they are yet
but anyways that's what's going on next
time i hook up the fog machine i will
show you guys what I'm talking about
pregnancy cravings or are they cope
pregnancy cravings because sometimes
when Joan craves things I'm
hmm that does sound kind of good you
should get 20 you got more than just
with one piece wow this so pretty good
spoiled me I'm on that not this I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understands hi
what you want to hold it over David Camm
Ava cam
