guys we did it we won where's my high
fives where's my half-assed
you
good morning my son another day another
cubs game I don't know if we're gonna
win today I'm kind of nervous about it
are you tired you have to make your
sleep did you just took a long nap ready
to watch the game with dad yeah okay
I'll get you out hold on let's go dear
little but shake put your foot up there
dan cien cien cien cien watching the
cubs game right now so far so good still
a lot of ball game to play what words
doing well so fans and nervous and
nervous all day thank you sure go Cubs
go see it now let go Cubs go oh there
took an apple that seems a little riled
up right now I guess we're in the same
shirt that I wore last for last night's
game that's okay Oh fired up fired up
fired up babe show us your new jersey
blues one show us your new jersey
Oh
any of what just happened here's an idea
what just happened yeah that's right
cool baby boom yeah hmm no it isn't ever
Sam does oh yeah so I was just uh huh
strikes him out Joe I told Sam that if
we won the last game or no we won
against the Pirates he could get a
jersey yeah well I wasn't even any has a
new one yeah I've been waiting I just
didn't know how to get so I went with
you should get oh go ahead radius
we just need one out oh we need just one
out whoa scared me hahaha oh man oh man
oh man oh man the cups at number one a
postseason series act a squiggly field
at Wrigley Field I haven't seen them win
a postseason series in 13 year 12 years
ogres you're making me nervous oh gosh
oh gosh oh gosh I'm nervous under tood
away I'm go get you to wonder if that
bitch 11 pitch it away oh my gosh I
could grow Wow yes wow oh wow I could
cry I could cry
do you like there are number one right
they were number one wow what a game you
beyond game what again to be at well you
better hope it's against the Dodgers
guys we did it we won where's my high
fives where's my head back
that's literally no his face during
every music video he watches he loves
them whenever it's like the break
between the next video he's like huh
because you can't wait long enough like
can't wait 30 seconds for another video
to pop up he loves him so much he does
not even watched cartoons like this
usually if we watch cartoons it's like
he's like rolling around just like
messing around i'm going to play and
stuff but it's just hilarious that he
wants to watch music videos two thousand
years later hater jit he did not move
the entire time salmon over up on the
whole night poor guys Sam slept i woke
up at five like I used to do I feel like
it's like pregnancy insomnia or
something I just wake up a five every
single day I was like Sam still not been
I was like are you okay like texting
like where are you and I was like oh
yeah he's in no woods room still cuz I'm
still there at five in the morning fully
dressed same was fully dressed with no
on him and then I tried to move Noah
into his crib but he woke up like right
when I moved him up like she she just
left him but it was okay because I'm Sam
woke up he's like I had to pee so bad
like I'm so sorry I was like you guys
should just come to bed now let no just
sleep in our bed but he's like no it's
okay and then they came at like seven
and seems like he kept like traffic
almost rolling off the chair and stuff
so hopefully we're gonna be over this
soon we're going on two weeks now almost
I believe we're still going if Sam's not
too tired season like really wanted to
go down and get some like fall stuff
fall clothes and get notes and fall
clothes
i miss i want host week as week
we just got down to Salt Lake people
working together we're gonna say creek
browse around
and Aaron all right down here somewhere
hey oh he's flying out tonight Haley's
flying out today that soccer game
tonight Sam's probably have a soccer
game with the boys since we gotta wait
for healing into it fly until late gotta
get our fall shopping on well shopping
on yet again we never really done this
all like that often it's been a while
it's been a while since I've been here
no I need some like warm clothes to wear
that get him he does it's starting to
get cold it's actually doesn't feel like
summer anymore last night I was like
that works it I have a nice little fun
outing maybe get a smoothie at our
smoothie place yeah yeah all the trees
are changing colors it's so pretty okay
still passed out which is good we drove
down purposely during nap time so that
way he would get some sort of happened
we could still come to ghost part about
sacred other than it being really nice
and beautiful as parking is well you can
get parking validation which is like
free you know but other than that seems
like a dollar two dollars any other city
i've been in it's always like twenty
forty sixty one no you don't it's just a
parking you know there's like it's not
just like wonderful on all of these
prices it's a ton of part three hours
two dollars not at all yo would you see
basketball of the lies in my bag raised
by a the small hello is going
I like everything I just look at it but
I did actually just order the winter and
they have here and I'm super excited
together let me show you guys it's this
right here then it's gonna be perfect
for like the snow it's a sneaker boots
see how it's like a sneaker bottom and
then the rest is a boot and I got for
twenty percent off online it's super
psyched hey sir I'm trying to try these
pants on sir Sir you get away for it for
the minute any advance guys i'm here
with the famous trap tyler and tricks a
girl she's back by the dressy thing goes
well we all get pictures there's only
one kid that can make our parents
specifically your dad fangirl and that
is the famous dropped out i'm good with
the parent come get autograph too oh
thank you p gotta take a stop at
anthropologie and by the only thing we
can afford candles neither okay smell
Noah what do you think
like you could almost eat it generously
looking at that what is this Oh
Santiago's huckleberry by my bed what is
that malted amber I'll tell you what I
like just on hold again capri blue
volcano
smell that yeah it's amazing kind of
crazy this the candle that we currently
have at our house it is goji kuroko
orange only at anthropologie do you have
very nice clothes candles and a
gymnastics worse wait you can actually
buy the gymnastics horse okay $5,000
five dozen I'm gonna yeah I'm gonna go
3,700 daily well how much all right
comment down below how much you think
this selfie is
how much is it 3838 hundred and I said I
said 3700 can I say I've played the
anthropology game a lot multiple blogs
know what's down there you want to go
down there
squat squat squat on the big one
ah
yeah very many
babe do you like that
wouldn't be a trip to salt lake without
a stop at beats early mon got to give
the pregnant woman what she wants Oh
Vietnamese conspired pizza I might
actually get that oh look at it and now
let's go raid the i cant rember it's
called actually Tyler got a little
dainty salad we're headed to the real
salt lake game right now jen is actually
with Noah and her cousin Jordan they're
spending some time together talus pick
up Haley tonight pass some time we're
going to the game hey that's where i
went to a movie premiere two of them why
is it today
well
great team
all right I'm shopping for know which is
actually something I kind of enjoy doing
a lot look at all these different
options right now we're deciding between
the jackets I think we're gonna go with
this guy right here the Tom Cruise Tom
Cruise Noah I think these up I should
have put these I got to begin now we're
looking at vests we have this option the
blue option for this option I like this
one anything knowing that I guess I'm
like it on this one run this one I like
this one guys I talked Sam's camera I
didn't see any notices all right that's
not what I meant to say these are the
results of my studies I report back in a
minute what you're watching is live
uncut footage
3 2 t.i ever think i got sushi
you're Roman he did it here is my gosh
you were killed I see yes then Tyler
decided to do something crazy and go to
the airport and find the love of his
life you're ever here all right let's
see how he reacts look at he's so
excited huh that it's so cute they've
seen each other in a while
Mary I'm gonna record this whole thing
any day now Haley where are you
Oh
Oh anything your buddy bill Garrett if
you choose to
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
