happy happy Monday guys it's Monday Noah
right right yeah sorry okay it is Monday
we've just been hanging out today we
played outside this morning no slept
until 9:00 which was lovely he kind of
went to bed a little later because we
were carving pumpkins last night he
slept in which was great and didn't wake
up which was even better huh he just
woke up from his nap did you just wake
up from a good nap yeah you got some
good bed head right now it looks very
cute I've just come to like realize this
past like week how long his hair is
getting how much hair he's getting even
in his like when he was like just turned
one like here
he had like no hair stuff he was just
right here but like looking at it now
I'm like where'd all this hair come from
right now this here comes from you look
so handsome with all that hair mm-hmm
Sam went to the mall really quick to UM
get me a new Cubs shirt no it was
already out the door you want to get me
a new Cubs shirt because tonight it's a
Cubs game and it's at Wrigley Field and
Sam's already nervous he was up until
4:00 because he said he couldn't sleep
because he was so excited I me on the
other hand I went to about like 10:30
woke up at 9:00 I got a lot of sleep so
I'm feeling pretty good
know I've been enjoying playing with the
pumpkins that we copped last night I see
you I see you on the camera but yeah
other than that we've had a pretty good
morning they didn't and today it's
Monday
hopefully we pull out a Cubs win and
have a fun night it's so nice out today
it's like a little bit cooler which is
even better
I love cool sunny days I think there's
not a cloud in the sky but it's cool out
like it
hey who is that daddy wait come back
come back
wait wait we know it no no not yet
you need to put on in here out there a
little ham at the Halloween store
okay I just don't know how to have a fun
Halloween yeah I think you want to have
a fun yeah I know I'm gonna be like come
here buddy come look come look at daddy
yeah fun half set every months we're
doing how I mean cool stuff you have to
build that up a little bit little here
right here so you can't do it all in one
year you know exactly like Christmas -
or we have the base Christmas house it's
a Charlie gonna come to our house know
what come here come look I've nothing to
show you
so for SAT tonight I thought it'd be fun
if we can just decorate a little bit
like a little Garland and balloon that's
in home safe
so that would be fun and then do a
little cobwebs outside because I love
when people have like Halloween
decorations up and I want that outside
our house so okay we're gonna put this
stuff on the outside of the house and it
goes babe what size did you get extra
large uh-oh is it like a morphsuit no oh
gosh - sure what do you mean it won't go
up your shoulders hey you wanna decorate
outside with that here I'll show you
what to do come here let's go outside
I'll show you how to do it let's go out
here and put it on the house well we
wait for daddy I'm not sure if I want to
put it on the bushes or like the poles I
kind of want it like on he I'm not
really sure we'll see what happens and
how much I don't think Sam got very much
of this glow in the dark stuff there are
no spiders in here
hahaha
very short why did you probably a black
pair shorts or something oh my gosh it
would be really cool if it was the right
oh my gosh she looks so cool I do yeah I
wish it was the right size on you look
look at high waters it's like it's an
extra-large this is the biggest one they
had and it's not that I'm like fat it's
just some too tall yeah maybe like a
6-foot one so I need to read the
guidelines like is it first of all no
511 that's my size babe that's a large
effect that's not someone wanted taller
than me no but you're six-foot you're
like four inches taller than I can't be
laughs okay come on no that's good good
tail from the garage yeah okay come on -
it suits your tail come here
let's go short tail tail there's someone
really cool here to see you come here
come stand here if no one's here it's
your favorite person ever come here
why come stand here it's not Red Ranger
I promise okay
no progress so far we've got some webs
here David help me with the bush I think
that right and now you has a luxury
scarf the bola and now we're gonna put
them on the little pillars the final
product we did this pillar in the bush
in that pillar and this one this one
looks really cool glows in the dark too
I feel like it looks like really stringy
like we need to break up those strings
more it's like really webby but from far
away it's like string okay we're fixing
it could barely sleep last night I've
been pretty much doing everything
possible to get my mind off of the game
tonight cuz they were just I didn't play
any Pokemon no I just was reading I was
reading all night about the Cubs
articles like teen with future blue and
then this morning I was going crazy
ended up coming home with the spider-man
suit but pretty much everything you need
for a haunted house I got Jenna Cubs
shirt because she always wears my shirts
so I was like you need to small for me
but someone who first started dating
sure they didn't have too many options
because very tough and now the game has
started
Jake Arietta freaking stud amazing
picture this year
but anything can happen it's October is
the playoffs since the Cardinal I'll
keep my faith strong I really hope we
win it means so much to me we have to
win two more yeah but I mean one game at
a time it's just so cool to see you game
at Wrigley again heaven is so high it is
Oh
strike out great start for Jake
the winds crazy it's warm I can't no
words I know I wish I was there here's
the thing by some chance the Cubs do win
the series and if the Dodgers win their
series I think we need to go visit your
family give you a baseball game yes I
think it would be amazing it's like now
that I know the pluie the players are
more wary Fairweather fans we're in New
York but no no yeah yeah Jen's become
more of a Cubs fan that's been hard over
the years I've taken there just so many
different games
yeah I think we've been to five games at
Wrigley together into two New York
Yankees game Anna yeah so anyways I'm
excited go Cubs go foul ball
yeah you knew we'd do it oh I have not
had the camera run for the game like
barely at all I turned it on to that one
pitch and Chris Bryant is it a two-run
shot Taylor you are good luck my man
high five again high five
boom
