Oh Noah thank you despite on artistic
ability of the bat spider-man and the
owl and this tricks and logo we have
awarded the pumpkin of the night too
uh oh my gosh you scared me and know why
you turd I hate you he's met you okay
uncle David's mean glee whoa okay you
woke me up at seven because I was a good
sister and thought you had work like
Dave Dean its superclass you're good
work your work and I was like oh crap
and so I'm looking at my alarm and I'm
like wait it's Saturday I don't work on
saturday today but he used to work on
sours and I wait I've been waking up
every morning at six anyway because I
have to pee and it for some reason i
wake up at the same time every morning
so I know if David is like up and
getting ready or like it's gonna be late
and I'm saved your butt once or twice
twice yeah so I was just trying I
wouldn't have been able to go back to
sleep had I not woken him up right now
ago where no ago excuse me what are you
doing in there what are you doing man
get out of there we go babe babe what
your song was so good we went upstairs
hey I sing a song minute called fly
killer and it was hilarious this is what
no insists on holding to the grocery
store we saw daddy's ball in the car and
just have to hold it basketball wow
we're on the way to the grocery store I
have not gone to the grocery store and
probably a week or two and Sam's just
done like many trips so it's about time
I go to store
but I must say grocery shopping is
always tend him but it was my little
buddy back there he helps a lot epic
story likes to get out and stretch his
legs and push the car and its really
cute so I'm sorry yeah you like that
snow that's what again who smells good
this is how I keep Noah entertained at
the store he helps me push the cart it's
very awful huh oh gosh you found the
whole host you found the hohos oh no put
the hose down young man put the hose
down hey would you find hey this yeah
those are ho ho's you don't need ho ho's
hey I know that would be on your
shopping cart but we don't need those
you don't put that in the cart put that
in the clerk no no Twinkies hey no twink
you know Twinkies hubby here put these
on put these in the cart
okay ready but min put in the first good
job that's me huh that feels funny just
feel funny yeah that's a string
squash or pumpkin or somebody like we're
well if this doesn't say dude night I
don't know I like baseball game three
dudes just dude I should do it again
quit it a little dude with some fetal
puffs also to the family I met at the
store you guys were all super nice sorry
if i was awkward i always still get a
little like taken aback when someone
season I never about I'm public and was
like oh hi I'm like all shy and stuff so
you guys were really nice and I hope you
had a great day nice to meet you
everybody knows out of but this line
funny especially I works
Montero the
saturday roll in the grass and play
soccer kinda de Grasse angels so I don't
know if it's just me but I think it's
crazy that Noah can run and kick with
both feet I know I keep filming this
every day but it's just crazy to me when
he loved nastics we would make a nice
and limber quit any logs taking the
balls into the freaking straight got my
dad sweater on we're about to go carve
some pumpkins we actually didn't film
the pumpkin carving portion of the video
on sat saturday night or Friday night
Friday night so we're actually gonna go
carve pumpkins right now and it will be
fun I think we'll carve pumpkin spice
this year I was like carving pumpkins
and eating the seeds so what are you
gonna perv apart perf what are you gonna
park the car call this a typical pumpkin
I'm not good like that's a smile face
you're an art student gen art graduate
sculptress sculpture was like anything
with hands for the heart hospital here
in art graduate I'm a 2d art graduate oh
no is scared who is that Noah who is
that who is that guy I got you Bodie
look at that guy all day tears been
scared him he thinks we've been talking
to Red Ranger on the phone the red
Rangers actually here oh oh oh well
fight break it out what could be scary
but just get along I would be so how's
your first time on trampoline jump jump
jump yeah you can try to jump oh that's
fine good job that makes me way too
nervous Sam is currently cutting his
pumpkin it's already Hollow oh my house
I've never heard such thing as a hollow
pumpkin it's an omen it's an omen that's
the perfect pumpkin em yet another one
Casey sam says you need to explain your
life hack Martha Stewart life at cut out
the bottom of your Blue Grotto bloomin
when you're pumping it's a little
shriveling cuz it's gonna get rivoli
unless you do a brazzers a little
falling and also when you light your
candle you just put the candle on top of
all you're going candles all
you know your he and get your poem there
you go Marshall Stewart she's a genius
even though she's got holiday yeah
Martha Stewart pumpkin hacks from dan
open and Casey and everyone look at all
this pumpkin guts Noah last year you
were four months old we put Gina pumpkin
didn't we we put you in a pumpkin we
squeezed him into a pumpkin he was so
chubby have it they'll have it open more
so it's like up the back so his back
doesn't like unfold at once want moms
win oh yeah that's better like that oh
oh oh my mom hey it's straight to the
bath mr. get that pumpkin guts out of my
face I hate against your some figures in
here officially carving our pumpkins I'm
gonna win see I'm gonna win the guitar
pick it says Trixie Davidson a guitar
pick no I'm not sure what I was doing
pretty handy Casey's doing I think it
took some logo I want to do that I just
don't think it's gonna happen I don't
have enough faith Red Ranger what are
you carving I don't know yet me and I
know her in a couple
and Teller swimming for Vidya sir what's
going on out here number pumpkin dentist
that a power drill sir I can have this
come on who's this let's see what he
knows it's a little face please tell us
talk to us about this oh and I went
fancy on the side like Katie all right
here's everyone's pumpkins there's
breeze which is an amazing spider-man
Logan did a minion what's this guy's
name is Darren hey daring yeah there's a
Kenneth that's mine Terrance so we got
Darren and Kenneth David did a little
tricks in pick this one is not lit yet
no no that's the Huns this one is
Danny's I think and then we got Casey
she did a trick some level that one
looks freaking sweet Gemma hers sure
does what's jen's like awesome these are
Union by high day everyone say bye to
Darren hi Jerry well this year's let's
use an owl yeah and then there's a day
on Oak in that still has guts in it this
is pretty much whatever you want it to
be
to impose meanwhile despite on artistic
ability of the bat spider-man and the
owl and this tricks and logo we have
awarded the pumpkin of the night to Gary
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I will
be happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood no dance pop
dance boudin is in the morning oh we got
the DJ right over here it's a DJ leave
the DJ Oh bringing all break dates let's
see some moves Noah for your left they
grade 1 C 2 303
