good morning sweet world my name is Lily
I'm from Chicago
let's you flex like this / he's putting
its arms up do it do it oh shut your
muscles show your muscles
know who we are all showered ready for
today Jen just went and worked out at
the gym she's been doing classes a
couple times a week in the morning it
helps so much of the last pregnancy and
I'm really happy she's doing it again
because it helps her just feel better
get the blood flowing
those of you that were around for the
last pregnancy with Noah you remember
that up until the day she gave birth she
was like on the elliptical going crazy
bouncing on the ball
this girl's jumping hopping skipping
running everything I think she's in a
bounce back pretty easily after the
pregnancy oh my goodness
oh my goodness you're gonna hurt
yourself I think it's pretty sweet
because if I were pregnant I would
probably feel really like I could just
sit down fall into the couch cushions
and watch The Price is Right but no jump
to go get her she just goes and works
hard so I'm pretty excited because the
FedEx man just dropped this off at our
house let's see recyclable box has an
umbrella on it fragile is that what that
means and it's perishable what could it
be every week depending on how long the
flowers last I've been getting Jen some
flowers to come on in this vase today
I'm actually partnering up with a
company that does flowers in a very cool
and unique way these flowers in this box
are from Ecuador a volcano where they
were grown on this like super rich soil
pick there and then sent to me the only
company that could do something that
cool is the Bucks company like bouquet
as you can see there straight from
Ecuador just working
I slept in two different books based on
what I think Jen would like I'm really
excited to see how they look okay so
there's my first time checking these out
I just clipped the tape doing a quick
unboxing checking this out it says
caring for your books this book traveled
halfway around the world because someone
cares about you here's how you can best
care for it in return so use the
instructions fill the vase gentle in
your move cut the stems remove any
leaves however the leaves really mess up
like make it smell bad and deteriorate
faster so once said that in the comments
once and then when to add water already
learning things because the one thing I
hate is like when you buy flowers and
then they just go bad especially these
coming from Ecuador I want them to look
beautiful for as long as possible
Oh oh my gosh I forgot about this I left
a note for Jen 24 roses for 24 years of
life and Jack the power
and then I left her a video message that
she can go watch so I'll have to pass
that fight along through her because I
kind of wanted to have these set up for
when she comes back you can see at the
top right here I got done a bunch of
roses
there's the plants food got put down the
water here we have the beautiful for now
was exciting that's like the nicest
flowers I've ever gotten straight from a
volcano the soil roses really smell like
I know they look so beautiful though you
getting these ready okay I just learned
to when you're cutting the flower stems
to cut diagonally it's better for the
watcher you become a buck is it a
botanist or for us I guess pores wait
what is it called what's the class if
you will take it at school remember how
much the boys and he took well that
class is more of a yeah they're design
how do I do make a corsage I know yeah
then high school to be things I'm
working on this okay alright I'll come
back it just looks so pretty what is
here your helicopter this kid will hear
a helicopter from a mile away
Sam is currently prepping some flowers
that he got you got a new vase and
everything so I'm excited to see them
all presented me cute so took notes at
the park who Anna wha we've had a snack
on the couch and now we're digging Oh
diggity diggity dig he slept better last
night you only took him a half-hour to
go to bed and he slept the whole night
uh-oh you got dirt all over your arm
brush it off brush it off like this
good job brush it off good see I mean
nap time today with the little rough I
had to give him a bath because he was
super dirty and then I just put him in
his pj's cuz sometimes I do that for a
nap time but he thought he's going to
bed so he didn't sleep he only slept for
an hour and he had to sleep with Sam in
the rocking chair so that was
interesting
hopefully tonight goes a little better
we shall see okay I kind of need to work
on my presentation
I need to get them all balanced out
nicely but there is my first bouquet my
first book right there I think it looks
pretty nice box number two has a card it
says for the most beautiful wife and
mother I love you let's see what these
ones are like the first ones I won't
want something like super traditional
roses these ones are a little bit more
fun
I think Jen actually might like these
the best I'll show you guys what they
look like once again Oh something like
these me and this little nugget are
playing some soccer huh kick you're just
doing so well just walking and kicking
at the same time
kick it good job go kick it again good
kick super interesting the way they
package them to keep them safe I'm gonna
have to take these off but these are
cool you just go and voila my favorite
one of all of them look at this flower
just great I thought you'd like that one
it's kind of yeah that's like blue and
orange one yeah I love these are
probably the nicest flowers I've ever
got in my life and there's a little card
Jen wants to put both of them right here
that's kind of where we've been putting
the flowers oh I matches when I was in
DC for playlist I wanted to send Jen
flowers I went on a couple of sites it
was gonna take way too long and then by
the time I got to the end of checking
out I feel like they're way more
expensive than they originally had said
I'm very happy with this they give you
the cost up front they look exactly like
they did in the picture the camera or
the name of these two books but I'll
post them right here so you know what
they're
if you guys want to try this out I
actually have a special deal it's buy
one get one free two for the price of
one I'll put a link in the description
you guys can check it out for yourself
give it to a loved one your mother your
wife your sister somebody and you can
make the day these are seriously
beautiful I'm really happy about them so
the tradition lives on I'm stoked I'm
definitely gonna be doing this again you
know you're too big for that
that's Ava's toy that's even hanging
tell your silly no what are you doing
whoa are you stuck
you got it
you're rolling away Noah here Sam
getting his workout in for the day
ha
okay
get him Noah doggie pile this is what
you get babe bet know what's trying to
stand on you like he dominated you or
something
