good morning sweet world I'm Jeff and
I'm Katie and we're on our honeymoon in
Maui enjoy the blog no all right are you
Mike uh yeah here's me you're you're
kidding me right
damn it's coming right over right
you
how's that salad Noah how's it do you
like that salad he really enjoys Caesar
salad so cute I was eating him some
leftover pasta from last night and he
just really wanted the salad so daily
dish but if no gray so no tell us about
yourself ha yeah thats so what else
what's your favorite thing to do and now
yeah what do you like to do outside oh
yeah yeah you like to see it up would
you like to play this outside nice yeah
yeah you say Te'o Wow good job using
fork I'm proud of you good job what else
no oh yeah I'm gonna give me a big
brother huh ten minutes later he's still
eating the salad yes you yes you yes you
so last night Sam um came home with a
movie The Giver and absolute sex I
wanted to watch this at the last movie
night we had everyone to the science and
it was terrible um so I'm gonna watch
the giver and I'm really
I read it in high school or middle
school or something but I honestly don't
remember that much of it remember the
basics so uh go read it and then go
watch it I'm just gonna watch it for a
nap and I usually take a nap when he
naps because I'm going she really tired
um but today I feel pretty good actually
I'm kind of tired but I really won
watches me 2 l's later look hold out
like this oh hi there you go please Noah
Sam bought pumpkin chocolate chip
cookies and I've eaten them all whoopsie
no watch out talk to you make a fool of
herself laughing my niggas these get the
wrong idea oh those people I give you a
10 for gracefulness I came here 10 I
give you 10 Oh No thao don't do it don't
do it is only for big and your sister
couldn't even do it see how let's see
how it's bumpy
you can't get a smooth ride oh-ho this
is only for this thing oh just a little
Cray we write this tale encore encore
encore do it again come on Bailey this
is tates best friend Brenda best friend
okay no it goes down by himself now I
know you've had to face plant I'll by
yourself good job but it even brings it
back good job hang it buddy little big
for you huh happy birthday dear uncle ap
happy birthday to you everything are so
happy birthday key blow kisses focuses
he's too sure home to you it's like all
right so happy birthday I'm out of here
I someone plucking your eyebrows right
now who's plucking your eyebrows that's
a good birthday gift another busy day
the project the project the project the
project has taken a lot of time I'm
exhausted from the project but tonight
is the night that I've waited for for me
13 years no 12 years 12 years Matt
tonight that I've waited for 12 years
the last time the cubs were in the
playoffs I was actually on my mission
and I was thinking oh they're gonna win
the World Series because I'm out often
the Dominican Republic doing service and
working hard and of course it's gonna
happen while I'm gone but it's happening
because I am gone and I'm working hard
tonight the playoffs the wild-card
one-game and my cubbies are in it seems
like yesterday it was Sunday night we
were cooking spaghetti and meatballs I
was watching an opening that
I was like huh we'll see what happens
this year okay Bobby I think a visitor
cake I think a special visitor stopped
by last night oh my goodness Easter
Bunny brought you an egg he's the
perfect pose right now come on let's go
Noah oh gosh she's gonna try to get in
the dirt hi hi but Cubby's I believe I
believe every year I don't know if this
is our year maybe next year might be the
one after that but at least make the
playoffs and not lose 100 games this
year sure enough all right we have a
good team you have a good team I could
barely sleep last night I've been
talking to my family Courtney's excited
I heard that Courtney's excited my mom's
excited everyone's excited and i am
super-nervous the game starts in about
30 minutes this means a lot to me I grew
up a huge Cubs fan my whole entire life
had my Cubs gear out of the Cubs fly
over Halloween one year I've been to so
many games growing up and my heart was
broken in 2003 baseball fans know what
happened I don't need to bring it back
up I was a freshman or sophomore in high
school I remember going to class and I
was just couldn't even think I was like
depressed I was just so sad I love my
teams I really hope we can do it tonight
who do you thinks gonna win tonight you
uh think girls are going yep I hope so
Noah who's gonna win tonight and if not
they've come up up man and if not
they've come a very long way they really
have this is a good step forward nothing
is guaranteed tomorrow we need to we
need to take advantage of the moment
right now it's been a great season
there's so much to look forward to but
sometimes it's really hard to get there
you don't get there often we went 97
games this year that's a lot so Marty
pacing under us so I was gonna bake this
chicken pot pie but then my neighbor
said that they were having chick-fil-a
and I was like
I'm also good so I came to me at
chick-fil-a and tonight is a monument is
night because I've introduced
chick-fil-a sauce to Noah he always sees
as dipping but I've never give it to him
because I have been noticing that he'll
eat like salad with dressing a little
bit dressing not too much a little
dressing and stuff so I was like hmm
maybe he'll want a dunk his little
french fries in his little saucer and
maybe he's little chickens and he is
it's really cute oh I know that's yummy
sauce huh he just keeps redone King his
finger and just looking it off his
finger eat the chicken now he's off the
chicken you already dunked it in there
oh yeah that's some good sauce oh yeah
dudes boo boo doo doo the chicken
chicken dance littlest bites I'm so cute
he's so nervous you guys I'm so nervous
Tim can't use dinner cuz he's too
nervous I just got through text from
rinsing let's go cubbies um
go Cubs go
I don't know you should go let's go oh
that falls out yeah that was good that
was good yes yes it's one o baby o me we
are right ok start a game until you
started game baby he ran ever you want
him to sit watching south augusta come
up on the couch settle next to me has
movies I hold me down and he's getting
tired I wonder if he'll go fellas on
tonight cozy with Daddy yeah oh yeah
high five do you have fun mmm ok outside
to give the benefit the doubt ok top of
the eighth Cubs are still up 40 the only
thing i hate about games like these as
some of you guys are pirates fans and i
don't want to make you guys upset some
of you guys are like treating me like oh
like go parts was I'm that I'm forfeit
for that you guys root for your team
other people I feel like you're getting
offended by me I apologize direct coach
and I'm not trying to be rude man i know
but ok update though Jen was nice enough
to take no up he cuddled with me for an
hour she took him up laid him down she
was wearing a Christmas jammies and Noah
is asleep no crying so far so fingers
crossed on both the NOAA sleeping and
the Cubs way all we need are three more
outs I don't like to talk that way
because I back into down throughs like
I'm rats now to go to the World Series
this is just a wild card game was so
perfect yeah Arrieta Oh beast
hmm these cups pillows there cos pillows
just okay I'm agreeing this babe i'm
recording it to your good but it was
like showing the Cubs win oh my gosh
even the bartenders we get all of them
are like oh my gosh nice little dance
moves you got there Oh Joe man I'm
telling us because Joe Maddon has a
beard jake has a beard Marin's are the
key to winning because the black
with all beards it's because that
competitive eater in a go that's why
babe
you gotta call your mom people are
texting me forget that game
but may not area in New York yes I met
so serious out that she said Jake touch
in New York move to the game against the
nets and we want
a
guys we did it we one who came to New
York saw the game Citi Field was amazing
thanks for coming with me Noah
yeah that's the first one I've ever seen
them become now go ice that arm Jake go
i sat on look at they all have w flags
oh so exciting for Chicago I think we
watch back to the future soon except
family is great what like we're not
there we're not live yet oh no are you
do you not know are you Mike ah ya hear
me you're kidding me right
damn it's coming it's over all right
take over Van Dyke check for a color s
what you said don't say a word she's
like yeah I didn't wonder in it so you
can act like we lost this collie knows
now that we won you think that yessir
probably thinks you're all right I'm
gonna text it all texture I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood yeah I can't
believe you guys paused it for
commercials wow that was quite a game
yah what huh he's a good guy
