every night I midnight every night a
midnight every night a midnight every
night I midnight I have work in six
hours no seven hours yes the way I have
work in seven hours but it don't matter
does that mean I every night every night
every night what it doesn't matter how
much sleep I God thing wow I might have
only gotten in our you say but it don't
matter because i have to say that every
night every night every night at
midnight got a voce it's not soap
another business karad noche a las dos
de cada noche a las doce well this is
what's going on this morning Noah is a
running wild and I'm letting him because
my brain feels like a puddle of mush I'm
even resorting to a juice box at 10am
because I'm tired and we're all tired
and a lot of you guys or some of you
guys saw that Sam was up with oh my gosh
she's just it's just faster today I
think we're all gonna be a little little
groggy today molars I hate molars but
honestly like I don't blame him I
remember like I teamed myself I had to
get my wisdom teeth came in foley and
they're still in and it was the most
painful year of my life like it took a
year for my wisdom teeth to fully come
in Oh Oh careful it was so uncomfortable
and so painful so I understand where
this is coming from because it's like a
huge tooth and it's like coming in his
mouth and he's getting more than one at
a time must be excruciating I don't know
what it is but
time is just he naps fine Sam being the
rock star dad that he is like he didn't
even go I went to bed at midnight after
Noah had finally gone to bed no woke up
crying at 2am and so I woke up and Sam
was still awake and stayed awake same
stayed awake until like 430 trying to
get know to go to bed and eventually
just ended up on the couch because Noah
would not sleep anywhere else but it's
just that that time that time in your
little light no one else complained
about this at all the logs i watch I
feel like no one ever complained of more
cutting where your baby's not like this
are not all babies like this what would
you see what's wrong so I'm treating
myself to some waffles this morning dude
it good put your face in there do it
again Noah oh hi but your face in it oh
my gosh I turned around and I look like
this his face was all squished in there
did so buddies well no that's good sauce
squish squish your face again put on
your face this kid is literally getting
away with everything right now because I
ha oh hi oh yeah she thinks I turned
around this is what he look like
breathing all heavy putting all the pots
and pans and do his little bucket been
yep that's what we're doing for Mom
disengages huh are you an astronaut
gonna clean that one
dailydish what's the daily dish Wow the
daily dish is the daily dish isn't it no
that's fantastic but that does not
answer my question in the slightest fish
guys I'm working on the stash and goatee
yeah your name cuz I'd like it okay I
saw Paul Pierce at work here's our daily
dish nasty stash or no nasties dash
members Kennedy yeah it looks gross it
looked way grosser with the yeah I just
until it's really gross you don't know
her anyway pops it clearly dish holy
people want to know about you people are
saying in the next daily dish I want
more about the person your daily dishing
and not so much you Jen thanks guys so
something about David something about
let's see what hap what were you in my
first date first date yeah first real
date I actually remember this i was in
movies and I borrowed your bowel 3a same
time I think was in eighth grade eighth
grade first date I wish Emmanuel graves
a double date wats but better yeah so oh
my gosh I remember this right I borrow
mom mom took you guys in G movies yes I
remember that first day two movies we
met him there it's got a kid but I got
got the digits how are you into first
kiss 8th grade different different girl
later in the year eighth-grader for that
day I think later in the year
yeah I'm here how long ago was your last
kiss how long he goes my last kids how
recent was your last kiss my
ex-girlfriend which is how long ago one
we break up like a month before I moved
up do you hear that he's been single for
ax how many might've been here ever hmm
why and that is your daily dish my fav
it uh Greek I'm David what else you want
to know about David let us know he'll
tell ya will you tell them no okay ask
me all the questions you want now he
won't answer him yeah I'm not gonna
answer single one last night was crazy
it was crazy it is preparing us for that
newborn life when you have a kid that
wakes up constantly throughout the night
you just gotta go with the flow get up I
thought that was still like five six
months away though so last night was it
was fun we're trying to get Noah back on
track with the sleep patterns the hard
part is is that although we might be
holding him and he's like asleep we
don't really get any rest and the
rocking chair in his room is just not
that comfortable and with Jen being
pregnant and things and Noah's like a
really big kid there's not really a
comfortable way for her to sit with him
and then she gets super tired and it's
just like this is not a good situation I
just went to sams club I'm surprising
her with a nice little really
comfortable recliner I went there and I
looked around and it didn't look like
that anymore in stock so i actually got
the display model i'm just gonna have to
wipe it down clean it off it looks clean
I got a better deal because of that but
we just have to address the situation
right now
I look at a couple other places and
recliners are pretty expensive so this
was an awesome deal at sams club I'm
really hoping it helps at least us get a
little bit more rest I know that's kind
of selfish but if there's anything we
can do to improve the situation might as
well do it right these two are
attempting some putt-putt golf good job
tail tails got the right right idea no
guys wants to swing it like a baseball
bat that's okay okay here start back
there and go hit the ball you keep
swinging it like a baseball but just
kind of scary yeah leave your thing on
the ground oh he just wants demons up a
hole in one good job putt-putt boys you
don't have to run rich then alone a
little walk come on little walking buddy
oh really figure it you can see if we
can burn some more energy nice realized
we're walking in public and come on
let's go mr. I look like this like this
you run into the leaves let's go this
way what oh you choking on some water oh
do you see another pumpkin come on Sam
spoiled me today you oh no I do you like
it too Lydia you better like this kid
cuz you didn't like you awesome whoa
this goes the pretty part yeah it's
comfy huh yeah looks just like our couch
soon Wow kind of uh takes over the room
but it's okay but it's worth it if he
will sleep we tell you the ultra nate
going in with him and we don't want to
like be in here like I'll give him that
go to Papa we want him to be able to
sleep on it but some nights just aren't
right you know right the glasses nice
feature that I didn't even realize ahead
it was a little outlets in there
although this isn't really the best
place to have that one I guess come on
saying cuz like it'd be better if this
was downstairs than that right right you
charge your phone while you're right
it's my phone almost dies every time
yeah but I have a feeling today no
actually I shouldn't say have a feeling
because who knows but type could go
better we'll see why I always treat just
like every other night I put him
straight into bed after we sing songs
have you talked about this how he goes
the bed fine yeah it's dark in here it's
how he's afraid of the dark no it's he
keeps pulling on his ears could be
teases you related we give them
something through so at least we love
our little bit I know so this would be
better and I don't even sit in it I also
done a bike fall apart yeah so I'm gonna
fix that up and keep that in our room
that way with baby number two yes this
is my pocket then I'm guaranteed Adobe
nights where we need to help them out
this is matt and then walk to different
places and clatter when we make this
baby number two's room mm-hmm we can put
the chair in there yep sure can cuz we
don't want to him in the same rig duty
uh really talked about that I don't know
it scares me it terrifies we'd have two
babies in the same room and let it
they're both sleeping through the night
I don't think
but I don't know having make we have
enough space for them that dorm room
right I think the first year we like
this tonight missing songs in this chair
and then go into your grip oh no thanks
any trigger this is your executive I'm
gonna make you feel better seriously
this is what makes me believe that he's
just fine you're funny Noah it does take
over the whole room this is the tiniest
room in the world but that's okay
there's a reminder worth it he had a
serum in my room yep I think I realize
it yeah uh-huh I got beautiful that is
the colors just aren't coming up on this
camera it's really orange over there we
are working on our project today then I
went to got Jen that recliner now i'm
uploading really quick after we ate
dinner spent some good little family
time together I'm gonna go play
basketball because I need to get some
work out in hopefully no one goes to
sleep well tonight I'm kind of nervous
so fingers crossed that tonight is a
better indifferent night
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood this
little nose are different than mine I
can't wait till you smile not just when
you're pooping hi smile Bubba poop smile
yeah mmm this happens every night I mean
I every Monday midnight every night at
midnight he's awake he's awake every
night a midnight every night a midnight
every night I midnight he's awake he's
usually crying but not tonight he's
chill as a cucumber
