there you go get mine kelia world he's
being nice and sharing with you he's
gonna take a plane out the Flex turnin
up what's your bestie I don't know about
you guys but before we became parents
when Jen was first pregnant with Noah
the one thing that everyone said to us
in the weeks and months before he was
born was sleep while you still can now
nearly two years later at the very wise
statement because as parents I don't
know if you guys near me I'm whispering
because it's actually
no Tim in their time sleeping one
eternity later what happens is that this
kind of repeats itself and then you get
really really tired as the days go on
then you get cranky and it's really easy
to get really mad but if you can stay
positive and just smile and realize that
it's all just a state everything's okay
you're still tired but everything's
the sign Monday morning is starting off
with a bang and a whip in a flash cuz I
Noah and I are hunting down flies today
Oh Oh what's on your head no it's right
there check it oh where you go you see
it I see it no loves it oh we're gonna
hit you know how are you think it's
landing on me Mom where the Kunda what
it was just on your head I hate life so
much but there's no way to get away from
them because we just have to keep our
door open cuz nose was outside all the
time and we're outside all the time and
thao no go back and forth so both both
houses our doors are open supplies are
always in our houses and they are so
annoying and I'm pretty sure there's
like three in here I got one usually
Sam's the master fly killer ok that's
fine in this kind of birth he's been
like helping me he was mad a second ago
because um he was standing on the table
I kept telling you not to see on the
tables and I said keep standing on the
table we're not saying Murdock on the
table anymore so of course she was kept
standing on the table and that's the
pictures look they're all cooked it
brother and cousin I was like oh did a
flight he's like stop crying mutely
seems like looking around quick reply
there's no way to know this way this way
what's gonna hunt going oh I see him on
the couch I want to kill home
yeah I just blow it away from the couch
so not to kill it on the couch I must
say I must say for being a night person
Sam and I were oops I baby we're night
people and I've been going to bed
relatively early you know like I'm like
asleep like knocked out i like midnight
which is like amazing for me oh no I
Spit fine the only bad thing about this
fly swatting business is that Noah likes
to now try to swat flies outside or the
bees thinking their flies now he's happy
I didn't realize he wanted to tell to I
can help me get the flies yeah nothing I
think they're drawn to the couch because
um as you can see no it just gets Crump
everywhere I was on the point no I see
it look I seat over here hey got it did
I get it oh dang who out so close we
even gave Noah ibuprofen last night
children's ibuprofen and it was like his
worst night ever like worse than all the
other nights have been poor guy it's
rough when you're getting molars and
yesterday I literally noticed his top
one a top ones just poking through pray
for me it's gonna be a rough month or
two oh man you're so bad for your baby
they can't sleep Oh spectacle advice as
longer shoot sorry Sam just got all that
out
jet says there's a surprise downstairs
for me she said do you have the camera
up there what why do they go what oh my
goodness DD scared me is that a storm
trooper or tayo who is underneath oh my
gosh oh oh ooh secret yeah all right I
guess the secret's out I really wanted
to be a stormtrooper for halloween
looking at tail that's turn out as the
storm trooper fralin i don't think i'm
gonna be a storm trooper following
though because i'd want to go the full
way and that's expensive dude you're the
coolest looking start stormtrooper I've
ever seen in my life do you love Star
Wars yeah oh gosh uh Jen says you might
not know what it is that's scary I
thought it someone else I thought like a
bigger person was behind the couch in
else what pops up take its tail being so
nice and sharing his apple with you okay
now give it back to tail he's being nice
and sharing with you he's gonna take a
plane out nothin like sharin up with
your bestie tail got a new Halloween
costume stormtrooper scary face any
neeny neeny neeny neeny neeny neeny
neeny just zoom in on you
you better take it girl I'm going it
alone dance I can imagine this camera
out so we can get full election
stormtrooper dance okay action go
through i'm super dance storm trooper
dance stormtrooper dance I'm just making
music for you you gotta share know why
that's tails Apple this look like good
apples though we gotta buy some of those
where are those ones from zoom done
knowing you can just see Te'o popping in
and out it's hilarious no it's just
going ham on that Apple back there no
could care less about the dancing he's
like I got the Apple back huh tati I got
the apple that's what he's saying talk
to you I got the Apple oh you want to
hold the camera it won't get you one you
can hold okay hey okay it's a camera I
see myself good you're right in my face
though Te'o you don't go to see yourself
perfect need to do bad yours now you
have to hold it like this and hold it
out here there you go get myung-kyu
world des moines me rose go boys we
wrote so so so uh I know uh I take a
picture how high take a pic here you're
just filming I just wanna take a big
here yeah film it
this is the next day and sadly there was
no dailydish in today's vlog because we
were constantly going up and down up and
down up and down noah has reverted to
his newborn sleeping stage and it is so
fun yeah like I said at the beginning of
the blog in order to stay sane and not
insane as a parent you have to do some
insane things well it doesn't really
make sense no you just have to stay
positive because it's very easy to get
frustrated to lose patience to just get
mad get mad at your kid to get matted
each other to fight so Jenna and I we
just try and smile you know celebrate
the 20 minutes that Noah did sleep oh
it's good it's fun as you become a
parent you gain so much respect and just
like wow my parents were pretty cool
they took care of me they raised me you
just gained that you know appreciation
for them Mother's Day Father's Day
seeing your parents every day you're
more grateful I promise that there will
be a daily dish tomorrow someone said
that we need to have Jen not talk about
herself as much but get the dish on the
other person so we'll see what we can do
we'll see you guys tomorrow please
if you too soon I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood okay that's enough okay
so close to your face okay now let mommy
see if you go huh good side
