good morning sweet world i'm hani from
indonesia and you're watching some ago
flocks peace
it's a happy Sunday you say happy fun oh
you just walked through huh yeah bunch
of fruit we're making a big breakfast
this morning
come on yeah well okay maybe considering
considering big we have fruit out though
a lot of fruit which Noah loves who
doesn't love fruit you are using your
head bacon sausage bacon Therese mint
those wrapped in conference in it now
David is thinking hash browns oh we got
a full moon of hash browns right here
Wow
and a Hans about to cook some eggs don't
cook up a and then we have a roast for
tonight look at this a three year old
riding a hoverboard today was officially
the coolest three-year-old I know oh my
goodness
watch out no I don't push him don't push
him Noah my tail buddy okay keep going
tail Wow no help
oh my gosh I'm kind of blown away right
now look at you why so good
oh good job
Wow
dude high five so good I cannot believe
that I'm seriously shocked right now
do you mind look at this kid
cruisin you know how to turn they hung
the hoverboard teacher yeah so not for
the girls so that's really good he looks
so little on there hey you need to have
a nap you'll have a nap kids usually
pick it up fast but a three-year-old
I've never seen a three-year-old ride
one of these I cannot believe this Wow
I'm so shocked
the guys show off for the ladies is that
how you get the ladies found the flirt
show dinnertime at the Anderson's is it
five out of five I made a stew again
what's it called pot roast
no stupid fly that's good got good
flavor I think you've been I think even
two of those packets would be good yeah
no I what do you think of your stew yeah
perfect
they hung out whose hobby it's in here
it looks like a big mush pile but I must
say it's quite delicious quite delicious
look at the gentleman sitting around the
table I think Aaron's coming too
we've shown the way I don't know where
he's at but we are all happy here huh
yeah we're all happy
well don't show kid what's more carrots
no one has decided to join this big he
wanted to join the fellas at the table
what tell us what's next on the agenda
whoa sir no special says what's next on
the agenda Noah you know what you always
know the right thing to say at the right
time you're right it's some long odds
for Dan thank you okay well oh no they
want to talk to you hello say hi pop yep
you tell him yep okay you're go to min
we got to go ahead we got the go-ahead
don't fall over there you just sit your
bum
they're all crazy enough this is a
regular occurrence by the wall and I was
gonna try water for the first time it's
actually root beer oh hey Tyler how the
Spanish sequel hello this week what are
you chirping me like who'd you play this
week in fantasy football well wait in
which league the Danny Duncan league you
played me okay right here well Lady gaga
here's the thing what's your team's name
when when you have Marshawn Lynch who's
hurt you know Peyton Manning puts up
eight points
let's see Marvin Jones didn't do
anything Jordan Cameron I and you know
the beauty of fantasy football is you
draft and pick the players you want and
yeah it might even be like an all-star
team name his team I firkin he's my wife
right he had known Katie you should make
sure to you a place like who should you
have played the wrong thing okay hold on
let me go get something Isiah crema has
14 points this was thinking about that
day you don't move the laptops let me
don't move the laptops my camera will
fall your boy amar tell us to go off my
adventure Tim Tyler Eifert geez you just
had a consistent day at 8 points
Martellus head we played a PPR okay
you're good delete his clip interesting
it is really just a minute friend of the
vlog Martellus Bennett did you point it
did you play him this week you know it's
Martellus Bennett follows me on
Instagram
no he doesn't if she does are you
serious that's why I got this jersey
because well I also love Martellus
Bennett the black unicorn he's a freakin
boss and if Tyler had played him I sold
a lot still with a loss but he would
have come closer to beating it oh you
guys just so you know I'm just gonna
wear this for this tonight you
handcuffed me with the Mary Thomas
amazing I don't know where this for
that's the night we need to make our bed
it's kind of messy we had a very good
weekend this weekend I speak for Jenn
but one of our main focuses every single
day almost with every single decision
that we make is strengthening unifying
our family together
we've spoken about General Conference in
the past where you listen to different
talks and it's amazing that in different
areas of your life different experiences
that you're going through different
talks just reach out to you and teach
you something new for me general
conference definitely gives me that
extra push to become a better person
it's always so uplifting and positive
and it helps me to become a better
husband father friend and just
everything
I'm not a big preachy type better other
just love my life and hope I give a good
example to my family to my kids and
those I'd like to influence what I do
believe are that families are forever
and we should always work hard to make
sure that our families are happy to make
sure we communicate well with our
families and be forgiving have
since life is just so much better when
you're able to enjoy it with your loved
ones one quote that I really liked is
that none of us marry perfection we
marry potential otherwise gender would
have never married me because I'm
definitely far from perfect although she
is very close I feel like we can use
that in so many different ways of life
with our friendships and of course when
finding that special someone I like to
believe in people even when others have
kind of doubted them in the past the
potential of every single one of us is
great for the amazing thing anyways I'm
gonna stop talking I'll see you guys
tomorrow
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood yesterday I forgot a
secret clip I can't believe I did that
how's the rush to get the volume after
everything was over and then I forgot to
put the secret coupe in so here's a
secret clip and what I want to do this
week and maybe the early next week is to
do a house tour because we've never done
a full house tour of like the rooms we
can go see what David's rooms like you
can see what our rooms like where I
store my shoes and then tomorrow we're
gonna do another daily dish with Jenica
let us know you want to see in a daily
dish I'm thinking either David or Aaron
or maybe me maybe John and I should have
a little daily dish
