we just oh thank you we just finished
watching Saturday conference and now Sam
still know it for me to get cuddles
didn't you and now he's had the longest
middle ever yo dude dude dude and I was
very into this flip all right no dude no
we'll see here watch football for a
while I think it's Sam's dream come true
where are we going now we're gonna go to
the Aggie football game tonight my
cousin who I haven't seen in a while
it's all their family members and that's
give me my first tag in two years one
last year we didn't go to too many cuz
Noah just been born when you might want
to take him to the old stadiums yeah
there's a drive but now that we're here
do you know who gave you those shoes you
want to put on your feet right now
you're El Padrino sent them these little
New Balances they're so cute they're so
nice and no really like sound good
materials and everything they're like a
thumb print too big but he wants to wear
them anyway you think huh I put them on
put my mom hey cous a thank you to El
Padrino me blowing kisses oh thank you
for the shoe is thank you
a little tandem riding Emma gobbles
there we go oh now you're done
I know I know cherry sweating
wait we don't have a yeah the Seahawks
oh yeah there's yeah these are all the
agony football players
cool who this new
we've seen over here
we should fire
get some good sleep hopefully you gotta
sleep well tonight
we had a delay because of lightning I'm
gonna stay and watch some of the game
cuz my cousins and family are here but
Jen's gonna go home and put into bed yep
can't you late alright say go Aggies
hey guys so Noah's finally finally
asleep
I had to rock him I had to like sit
there and hold him for probably like 45
minutes it's not longer I was tweeting
about it and I just get really like
overwhelmed because you know it's like
comforting when he like goes to sleep
well and it's like okay he's he's good
he's happy he's tired he's excited
asleep some stuff like this happens I
kind of get a little flustered I was
like what's going on what happened to my
routine why is this happening to me but
it's good because I need to work on just
my patience and just enjoying the
cuddles you know like I shouldn't I
should be enjoying but that I'm like
worrying you know like what's wrong like
is he doing it this into that like why
won't he go to bed on his own like he's
been doing for the past I know how long
seven months or no since he was seven
once but then I just sat there until he
was in a really really deep sleep well
and I just enjoyed it and kind of just
tried to forget about the negative and
chime trying to be more positive for
things like that that's you know because
I'm such a creature of habit sometimes
and I need to just just go with the flow
more occasionally you know I shouldn't
go with the flow and just not let the
little things bother me because
sometimes I do I let little things like
tiny microscopic things microscopic
things bother me and then I let them
just fester it was good hopefully he
stays asleep I just feel bad cuz it's
like it's like all night and just I know
it was like tired and I just feel bad
for him that he like keeps waking up
he's not having like a restful night of
sleep I'm gonna be honest there's a
little selfish part of me it's because
eyes and I know Parenthood hardest thing
you'll ever do the best thing you'll
ever do I left a little early just
because I kind of knew this was gonna
happen and I didn't want it to be like
midnight
we finally got to bed and then these are
the stuff at the store our cousins are
in town for the weekend so they're gonna
come by tomorrow morning and watch
conference with us David will be here
and I think the boys might come over -
so I'm like Sami whatever go to the
store before you come home because we
don't got enough food for breakfast but
I was just laughing so hard all of yours
those comments about the food King
Tyler's dishing on the couch it was
really funny we'll have to do that again
our daily dish and also I need to like
camera I had a good angle on my face oh
the thing I've really meant to turn the
camera on for was I'm not my creamy is
not salt I don't just want to shake salt
into my mouth saying I'm although when I
wasn't in cream as I said salt but I
meant salty things like I'm craving
sodium filled products like pita chips
and nuts covered in salt and ramen
noodles everything else that's salty but
I'm also craving like watermelon which
is just all like water and like fruit
and stuff sorry I've been meaning to do
more updates this pregnancy's been going
really well I haven't been sick like I
was with Noah still still and I'm gonna
be working weeks this week and I'm still
feeling really well with no I like week
six
she's like week 15 I was like sick
because after I got through the first
trimester then I got like gnarly gnarly
headaches like bad eggs every night so I
still like felt sick because it kind of
like would hurt my stomach like you can
see it's just
well you can't really hold her sideways
if I don't have watermelon this has been
my go-to at night it's so good
what is what de Haan attack me it's
called the it's a new segment called the
daily dish talking about Sam's button
sandwich now you can eat it over here
we'll pretend you're guns no no it
doesn't have to be about you again
though we're just about day on oh it was
about nothing that was the whole point
it was about Sam's but Sam's but oh yeah
we talked about saying the booty let's
talk about what was yours and Sam's
first kiss like no that's it let's hear
how romantic was it
we're know what no no no I'll tell you
about mine okay you go first you go
first and oh I was in sixth grade no no
no no I was in fourth grade fourth grade
kiss on the lips or kiss on the cheek
what's flips okay I was in sixth grade
sixth grade I would I was dating 16
years I was dating an eighth grader and
I felt really cool she was on the cheer
team yeah I'm sure and there was a
little hallway sectioned off and she
texted me well she texted one of my
friends cuz I had to have a cell phone
yet and she was like hey me tell them to
come over to the hole and that's who I
think that wait no no you guys didn't go
and I met it to the hallway and I was
really nervous didn't know she wanted to
kiss you
yeah oh no she we had planned it and now
we kissed in the hallway a peck everyone
was watching us uh yeah it was a peck
was over and I walked away feeling like
a man feel like a man not everybody
ladies and gents take on the first kiss
when my first kiss with Sam no because
it was our first day we've been hanging
out all week no no this is your first
date yeah he made me dinner and all of
his roommates stayed at the apartment oh
what a minute even though he told him
all the leave with me
we made pasta and then we went and
watched some TV and then Oh was it a man
it was either members that are lost I
can't remember they all loved having
heart-to-hearts at night with everyone
he makes us all sit down and like
divulge our darkest secrets hilarious if
you guys didn't know man vs. food is Sam
and James Netflix and chill know that
and loss used to be long time ago guys a
long time ago we just we just kissed
do you like walk you out it was like six
years ago you feel like did you what you
do like like do you like cuddle up to
you after or like was it I honestly
cannot remember
lenka no I can't I don't know what
happened after the kiss I would probably
like kiss and like watch some more TV
and then he like took me home yeah well
this is been um today's daily daily dish
daily dish would gennaker a we know with
de Haan jank with date with Dan Jamie
one day hunging and y know anymore dirty
secret of a day hunting comment below
all Angela's very I don't hide it but he
also wants to know everyone else's dirty
pages too you'll just have to wait and
see when used to once you get it I don't
know guys what do you think was that a
good daily dish let's know David yeah
David when we get with David David or
Aaron I guess
daehan's creepy and Lexus that's a lot
welcome to tonight's Saturday night
grocery haul where we kill flies and
unload the groceries is General
Conference well you do on general
conferences you wake up you have a
wonderful breakfast a wonderful
wonderful wonder you know you could just
leave it at that but we're gonna have a
great meal later in the day too so what
actually tweeted me and said I wonder
what Sam and Jen are snacking on right
now let me show you what we're gonna be
smacking up tomorrow you gonna be here
tomorrow dan will be here Jen will be
here I'm gonna be here
Noah's gonna be here and this is what
we're gonna have we have some guacamole
if we get hungry we have all of this
fruit to go through mmm that's gonna be
good what would that be good with it
would be good with Belgian waffles and
syrup this qts juice is amazing we have
cinnamon rolls to make we want that we
have some crescent rolls for a meal
later in the day
we have Jen's lemon water that she likes
brown sugar and honey sausage links pink
lemonade and then the rest of stuff I
need to explain I just looked up on food
calm I googled all the best pot roast
recipe five out of five stars this is
what we're making pot roast with
potatoes oh yeah we have bacon for
breakfast and eggs carrots onion beef
broth
and vegetable mix oh and then there's
hash browns to die get those you feed
all that the baby needs the baby needs
to grow you all into protein powder
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
