Sam SANNs on Nightline
good morning son
hey what do you want in the fridge know
what doing a juice box I look like the
guy from the weekend right now of my
hair every morning we have a little
routine no and I wear I do give him a
juice box it's one of those ones that
have a lot less sugar because those
juice boxes are packed for sure the
honest kids have a little less and in
order for him to get his juice box he
has to give me a hug
and I can't see us ice to say please and
thank you so I'll show you how it's done
okay close the fridge it goes the French
doing a juice box you say can you say
please say please say thank you you give
daddy a hug give Danny hug there you go
then he proceeds to chug it really fast
love you buddy
I never knew what to get him when I felt
like a kiss and which and today I won't
really wanted to firehouse sub sandwich
cuz they're hot sandwiches nurse okay um
but the other time we went out he's like
oh maybe you know a meatball sub cuz he
loves meatballs whenever we have to be
ready he just wants the meatballs
he loves this sandwich so much hey I'm
really glad you like dying balls does it
fill you up but oh do you see if you see
something up there what do you see up
there he's also helping helping me find
the Flies because we're trying to kill
them all so this shirt was given to us
by one of you guys like forever ago
before no was even born
I think and I remember thinking like oh
my gosh when he's able to wear this he's
gonna be so big and so growing up and
stuff I mean it's still a little big on
him but he can he can wear it and it's
just crazy except when we're getting
that and thinking it was so cute because
they all wear like hipster animals so
thank you I honestly I'm so sorry I
can't put a name we filmed ourselves
opening this shirt and it's in a video
somewhere and I know your name is there
somewhere but thank you so much because
it's really really cute and it finally
fix you are you getting me brought all
over you what what hmm finish eating so
you can go play that thanks you can go
to a tail
ah what's up this hey cuz your meatballs
oqb oh oh oh do you see the helicopter
yeah yeah helicopter a little bit thing
final dance
are you puddle dancing to tale yeah oh
hi fancy feet fancy feet fancy feet
that's fine
Oh big jump okay what do you want to say
our secret project is still underway we
actually had a little meeting today
fixing the camera now I'm getting some
work done really quickly at Tyler's but
I think there's a visitor here hello
Noah hey buddy hey did you get you got
your little PJ pants on so beautiful
got your PJ pants on dang it
stuff like that
Friday Sam was a sweetheart and was on
Friday and got me a doctor / / / I may
have told Sam a white lie saying that
Sonic had Doc Rivers special item to ask
- we're gonna lie I just wanted dr.
peppers lunch so I was like all right
google it I'm gonna go back right I'll
go and I come downstairs oh yeah baby
they have dr. pepper swatches I just
figured Sonic they have like 50 million
drinks they can make a doctor / buy a
new Sam wouldn't ask if it wasn't legit
so I said that it was legit and then
they made one so everyone you can get
dr. bar / to be a Reds fan no yeah
welcome to my body homers tonight cups
go do the Cubs win of course
gee baby this is your fault this is your
fault
Noah's been having a really rough time
sleeping you get to go wrong come to so
probably a little baby asleep Jun why do
you act different on camera camera Jenna
babe go Brock your child why are you
always XO different on camera
what do you mean Drac different really
track different yeah guys I act so
different on camera I'm so much nicer
I'm like really mean in person I get
what I want
Sam get me that dang dr. pepper slush
now and I snap my fingers and he went
just kidding
however whatever you got chuckling she's
the lone clip let's just dish two
minutes and 30 seconds let's dish all
right what can we say about Sam before
he gets back
um he's hot totes totes hot anymore dish
this is really good
he's um he's tall he's tall it has a
really good but okay like to squeeze it
oh God
Sammy code Sam we probably won't include
any of this yeah do it this is what the
viewers must see about you hey yeah
pretty good but - I must say Hayley does
I like to think so Heather you're so
different on camera oh my god oh my gosh
slush is gonna be the worst brain
freezes are you still recording per
minute clip gosh I'm just let's just
leave it on I'm really zoomed in on your
face it's very cinematic
give me two guys walk into a bar third
guy dance
ha ha ha what animal do you never play
cards with a cheetah the cheetah I
wanted to say Sam two hundred okay let's
get them back down to a hundred K 200k
no no Sam okay we need like 16,000 you
guys should just leave
we're watching the Nightline special on
the butler family I just heard of him
for the first time just right now and
check this out Aaron Lafitte's website
right there that that or whatever so
treptower is almost 200,000 subscribers
here's a clip from his vlog that you
should go watch right now
we drink a few moments later Sam's on
Nightline ooh so hot I'm in the same
room with a guy on Nightline whoa
right after Matt Damon whoa Sam from
Sirica vlogs Nightline a good shot of
that I'm happy
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
