good morning sweet world I'm Michelle
from sunny San Diego California and you
are watching Sam achill vlogs peace
real quick before today's video starts I
actually just put the campaign for the
new oh wow shirts live right now I made
two shirts available this one that's
just like kind of plane and this one
with the little sports and planes I'm
recording this right before I upload
this there's only three days and 23
hours left on this campaign the reason
why the campaign is so short is because
I want you guys to get your shirts
faster I know we did like a three-week
campaign last time then it took like a
month and a half for you to get your
shirts so if we do short ones then
they'll print faster I had a hard time
waiting last time and I was like come on
seriously so this way it will go a lot
faster you have four days if you want
one in Georgia days walk no one tail
they're really cute what is that bag you
have can you say thank you to grab me
for getting you that back did you put
some stuff in there already what's in
there that fine-looking care you're on
trick or treat bag oh goodness that boy
what's in your bag come show me what's
in your bag are you dancing now I just
got back from my workout class and
salmon no I've been having a little
dance party was really cute but I missed
it look at him he wakes up from his nap
and just go straight over there I'm just
glad he's not screaming today try get
Taylor's attention no and I as you can
see just look up for fifth up effect
from guard daily nap I'm still a little
out of it a lot of it these lemon waters
life even Sam really likes them I think
he bought three last night and drink two
and half of this one no I think tails
home now
we are here that's one of the many
houses stores that pops up during the
holidays of Halloween yeah to look for
all like us trying to generate we're
trying to generate ideas for halloween
costumes I want but what I said today
but at least we're gonna get idea what
was my dears maybe we will buy some
costumes today did that baby out of the
car thing I want more than one halloween
costume see it looks like five cause I'm
just to have to dress up whenever he
wants to and I'm like babe and same with
knowing he's like no bit when one pass
him like he's in grab those things so
fast i'm aiways ol extending have a
dress-up box but oh no is a bola know
hold are working to expand yeah oh that
yeah let's go look for some enough to
know alright hopefully he doesn't get
scared of some of these things no oh it
isn't that scary spooky it's like a dad
what's that we got giant spider oh
bugger scary goodness this whole setups
really scary oh he's like smiling now oh
yeah I'll come see you dad I'm tough guy
oh that's a cool house sure those lights
Oh only for Netflix and chill night
hey yo am I get scared of jensen hi the
way he's feeling scared really if like
I'm scared like one night David scared
me and I like okay that is not a
Halloween costume that's not a home in
costume and the no start being really
scared cuz I got scared whoops you know
no no no okay how about Mario and Luigi
oh these are too little for him though
hear what oh he could be a little lion a
teeny performances ever oh he could be
alone well that's what uh that's what
Ava's gonna be a little policeman these
are cute Jen thinks it'd be cute if Noah
and Taylor Batman and Robin together I
can't claim that idea it was talked to
his idea but now no one have to be Robin
cuz he's tails a little sidekick but see
he wouldn't wear a mask he wasn't like
masks but I already has his costume so
with Sam was that man in Noah's Robin
and then tight i said i would be
Catwoman but I don't like a full of
spandex leather outfit with a baby belly
it's really cute though it's like all
muscly it's like the Robin I like toes
being spider-man
it's that Daddy is that funny Noah
that's like really scary they don't
scare him no one does not like the story
he's not a fan of hollow right now you
think Tucker's creepy though okay that
thing is creepy is that gonna jump out
at me they're just pretend toy let's
just pretend like something's make me
feel good oh hi oh can you can you shake
your head yes can you nod your head yes
Oh what you did it I thought you got you
were in a shake it no no it's been
shaking no for yes we say do you want
something he'll be like it means yes so
we're trying to teach him to nod his
head no I say yes see oh now he's doing
it right nodding his old body he'll
probably forget by tomorrow though and
start shaking his head no Nora what are
you trying to say I mean you're done ok
ut oh ok I go knock on his door hey thao
when you see this is going to freak out
he wants to know to be spider-man with
him so bad so it'll be fun if they can
at least just play this way I don't
think no will be spider-man for
Halloween but this would be fun go knock
on door bud gonna see throw
no not with your hand hey Tandy
Wow
haha look at you twins no I lucky you
guys are matching here you want put your
mask on to know what hahahahahaha oh my
gosh you guys are cute just shake it
over there you go that better eyelashes
are two more there you go you got to put
it on just right so you can see uh-huh
no come on out Wow job too cute what is
betting on you you guys are gonna be the
coolest kids they're just playing with
footballs now and they're spider-man
costume you guys look so cool oh my
goodness sorry let's yes but I man makes
hoops oh so close all spider-man has to
go eat see you spider-man Noah can you
wave bye Jay see you tomorrow we'll save
the world tomorrow
married if you choose soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
there's definitely a lot going on right
now but it's good to be busy being idle
bad busy good as long as there's time
for those things that are most important
in life for me that will always be
family
