no one I have a handshake that we've had
for like at least six months we've added
a little bit of like dab piece to the
end of it and we just did it and then my
dad dad they reminded me of that jiff
video you guys seen this before
I mean you dab to the first time just
the yeah does it
dab dab wait wait no how is it only kids
are allowed to dab now cuz if adults do
it so well you know there you go
did you eat the sour thing am i see I
was gonna Winky reaction remember when
we did this our cunt - the sour
challenge that's what you ate what are
you doing is it hurting you know I told
you was so sour I wanted to get your
reaction he's trying to help he's just
gonna put in her mouth now firstly she's
swallow whole she ate one mm-hmm
Wow look at you go eating that sound
we're had almost no a most this hour off
and I totally just let my kid take that
out of the trash that's gross you still
gonna eat the sour stuff she swallowed
that thing a whole after both mouths
have been on them Grammy you try yeah
that's our okay that one's more no don't
spare Cheryl Tiegs
just pray sugar it's a spray sugar
straight into your children's mouths
yeah with my parents here in Arizona
they don't come here often and we're new
here and we want to give them a fun
experience the things that we've
experienced already so far so we decided
to go to one of our favorite places
which we've taken a lot of people
it's called Joe's farm grill it has
delicious food it was actually on diners
drive-ins and dives we probably said
that 10 different times from the vlogs
probably but it was pretty good good day
to you we are here at the place that we
always eat with company Joe's farm grill
as featured on diners drive-ins and
dives today I'm trying buffalo chicken
garlic fries this looks absolutely giant
good today
where'd you get cheeseburger and
chocolate milk chicken now we're gonna
take them to one of our favorite places
that we've gotten with the kids that you
kind of just discovered yes
and outside the library there's a
reserve and they have lots of Cactus
Jack dinosaur tracks you get around that
and turtles and we decided we bought Sam
came up with this giant bag which was
the funny that idea it's better than
something I would have bought but now we
will use it for a long time take my
family when we cake up for Christmas -
and I've got white chicken chili cooking
which is delicious
yep door baktun are you excited
Oh beautiful dancing Grammy hey you
excited yeah bread we didn't think bread
we don't got birdseed and there's a sign
that said we can use it here ducky
dinnertime
ducky yeah follow us duckies I've got
the form coming there's so many we
brought it up for everybody calm down
calm down kids you know this is like
Chinese I can sing with all the pigs Oh
My heavens oh my gosh we got little
feeders over there
there's so many it's scary I'm scared
look at this huge goose oh my gosh you
get fed a lot buddy
you go ducks happy today we're in the
turret what do you think of Arizona love
it pretty cool and if you let's go over
here so this is sunny nice and sunny
here at the cactus is a cactus or cacti
cacti depends on how many you're talking
about cacti yeah and this is that always
family photos going on here you have to
snap some photos of my mom and dad this
might be a little prickly pear a better
prickly pear no or just a cactus I don't
know we need to brush up on our cactus
yeah yep this is a stereotypical Arizona
milk coconut milk
cactus milk I I would come on open but
they're just too beautiful yeah doesn't
say I think these I think this place is
actually preserving them they're
protected are they protected all over
the state
this is unknown we have a lot of
questions all right
did you know that in the last week or
two Gordon Ramsay tweeted me no and
retweeted me okay and Sean Evans who is
the host of my favorite YouTube show
right now called hot ones hey what's
going on everybody for first we feast
I'm Sean Evans and you're watching hot
ones it's the show with hot questions
and even hotter wings if I had millions
of subscribers I could go on the show
but I don't think they'll have her ever
happen but I wanted to recreate the show
and I've been looking for people to
recreate it with me to try all the hot
sauces because they start off with very
mild hot sauces like Valentina and then
they move on to Crystal hot sauce and
other ones let me let me show you which
ones I've got like me I'm very excited
try these
the bomb is a very very spicy one dirty
Dee's very spicy this used to be but
this is on the season
I think the Queen Majesty scotch bonnet
and ginger hot sauce is on this season
as well this used to be on a season
don't look it's pretty spicy zombie
apocalypse is on it right now and every
time someone tries this that's when
things start to get real I actually own
the hot ones hot sauce fiery Chipotle
it's got a nice little citrus tang then
the two spiciest I ordered these I got
these on a website this is not a brain
job but I got a good deal on them this
used to be the spiciest when they use on
the show blares mega death sauce with
liquid rage comes in a coffin box you
unbox it and it has a skull and just
look it doesn't that look kind of like
it it has liquid rage in it it looks
really nasty just spicy so that used to
be like the final sauce they use on the
show but now I heard this from the
heinous which is located Chelsea Market
this sold out and seconds when I first
came out hot ones the last damn pepper X
I think it's like over three million
Scoville units of heat si Racha has
1,000 so see wretches have for you this
is three million
looking for people to try some of them
with me what say you
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
when treat you hot wings but you don't
need having is that no no have you ever
tried a call flowering no I heard that
those are really good vegan wings yeah I
could do that so maybe we could make
cauliflower wings yeah
or find some yeah let's do you want to
try some of these while you're here oh
yeah you're down yeah this one actually
says it's a hundred percent vegan there
you go a lot of them are probably
beginner in I hope he's like all these
hot sizes zero calories how's that
possible it's so hot you burn it as you
eat it I can't forget this secret
aardvark hot sauce this is like my go-to
hot sauce right now this one's not on
this season so I'm not gonna do this in
the hot wings challenge Ghost Pepper and
blueberry
I'm just trying it real quick it's like
very liquidy that's actually really
tasty I can't tell if it's hot
that was really good it's almost a full
five peppers to about not really feeling
any cake like subscribe I know I love
this
