definitely guys no way and I were just
going Sam at work and then we decided to
get some food and I still took coke all
over my feet was comma saying don't
drink this dr. pepper and spill to
everywhere that was fun but no did help
and put all the ice in the trash can
which is nice the boys were throwing
bouncy balls and like no is chasing them
so he was running around a ton you
literally we run the car for like one
minute
hey you're gonna paint those you're
gonna paint your pumpkin halloween
colors what are you gonna paint on it
Noah you don't need to sit on Te'o you
guys got some good pumpkins okay what
are we doing what are we doing yeah you
know paint your Halloween pumpkins I've
decided since the boys have it mean no
has it really been much today but take
it two and a half hour now so we're
gonna paint up front please with face
paint paint hopefully still works huh
what are you gonna pay on yours my scary
please a scary face okay no we'll
probably just paint lots of different
things on there what like squiggles and
stripes you still tired or you just like
the smell of the bag we get sent to
trash bags and I think Noah likes gonna
smell our garbage bag smell it just go
most good huh yeah yay taught you to the
rescue she got she got sponges the big
one perfect here look you get get that
Oh
Wow tail yours like the ocean
oh so pretty
try to pin your people Noah didn't work
out he's doing better he's gonna get it
everywhere
hey wherever
oh look at your pumpkin like some
fine oh wow you're gonna need a fast
night no not your body
you want every color tail like let's go
no send update on your hand rainbow the
finished product looks kind of moldy I
decided to add some texture these
pumpkins I was so created by children
tales look super great I'm gonna ride it
guys look at guys can turn it on
vroom
I think they hunt for a ride oh he's
smiling here whoa dude this isn't a
jungle gym for Noah
well how many laps from this could do
he's done about 10 laps the craziest and
kind of sad things just happened outside
a kind of monumental that I didn't get
on camera but i will tomorrow that
happens again Te'o said Noah and won't
like wait what did you say he's like no
one else like what could be called to
Nora because you couldn't say Noah and
I'm like oh I don't know if I like you
think know what what was really key we
went inside the head of a bird mom and
his mom and even noticed like he just
didn't know why no more Nora lets me
forget by tomorrow and dark song nor
again we'll see the attention a camera
actually saying Noah in fact I'm and Sam
and the guys are working on a secret
project they've literally been gone all
day long we went to goodnight to him now
it's bedtime which is crazy feel like
the days just go by so fast so fast this
little goober no grab that toilet okay
let's do the chubby yeah it's been a
busy day for the guys tuesday night and
blow kisses locust is to mommy i love
when he blows kisses it's the same he
does the same thing for thank you
finally would you go for thank you too
but wash your face good job wash your
face he's getting it's just like crazy
home it's like he turned one in olmsted
it's like whoa they grow so much or they
turn one it goes so fast these days I
feel like one of the kids time was like
slow had so much fun like playing
outside and going to school and stuff
but now it's like an adult with my own
kid it's like oh my gosh slow down time
like okay he's like a little toddler in
there you're gonna baby anymore
easy my showerthoughts tough thoughts
he's gonna go to bed I'm trying to have
until Sam gets home hopefully you could
hear any of that because the faucet was
right time there was an exhausting day
we're working very very very very very
very hard on this secret project which
cannot be named have you talked about
that at all um I mentioned it when I was
putting on the bath secret project but I
think my mom just sent us a little
package I'm i don't know i want to open
it with no but i want to wait for you to
be here so oh well we can open it okay
yeah that's why i didn't open it okay so
i feel like i have a feeling i know i
like kind of peaked thought it would
this is a trick or treat oh oh no was me
okay I'm looking into getting it when it
really oh it's so cute I for some reason
thought it was like like a football or
like a basketball like Halloween mask or
something I don't know oh it's a little
trick or treat sack oh it's so cute we
did she stitch that up I don't see
Bliss's uh she's gotten bored yeah it's
so cute it's me vic chairman whatever is
little costumes maybe it's just gonna
hold us no matter how learn how to do
like little tricky I know then he's
gonna a lot more candy and then can we
want LT all the candy at once yeah he's
starting to really enjoy candy because
people sneak in candy all the time me
dejan not me and so then like you like
see like gummy bears on the counter I
got someone bought Sam and be like what
I think I do this you didn't it ah no
clue gorillas gonna race me Oh seriously
delicious I hate some
and he like points out candy now mike
wants to eat it but it'll be cute last
year he was only four months old four
months old between me a picture in today
of him and his little raccoon outfit yes
I know oh my gosh now is me actually
trick-or-treating it's crazy sort of my
year look I feel like he's I'd say this
is as big as him so cute thanks Grammy
mom he's beloved you only get five
pieces of candy Noah well show me dangle
show him it tomorrow yeah oh I didn't
love that
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood hey I
got you your cravings I tweeted out a
minute ago that generally thinks it's a
pain that I have to go get you things
and I actually like my trips to get the
pregnancy cravings I do feel fail I like
them today's cravings include you gotta
have an aggie shirt I have a shirt for
the game thank you yeah jensen also
loving these lemon waters prolly just
make her own lemon water but Jason's are
different these will hit the pregnancy
craving spot and watermelon but not too
squishy so much hope that does it for
you I mean great thank you
