good morning sweet world I'm Sarah and
I'm drea and we're from New York and
you're watching
sanika walks piece this is Noah's
favorite song to dance you ready
good afternoon
no just customers now Noah and I are
gonna go make up with Shelby and Stacy
and their kids for a park playdate
because we haven't seen them in a while
get that out of your mouth mister
get that out of your mouth uh-huh me and
Shelby lieutenant - that means he's
gonna try to get to their sit out today
thank let's go the park it's nice it's
kind of over Kat not so fast it's sunny
but there's some clouds it's not too hot
hopefully it should be fun no what I
both fell asleep Sam's at a work meeting
there's really fun day I'm excited and
then I think tonight for them home
evening Sam and I are gonna order 72
hours it's because we feel like we want
to be a little bit more prepared than we
are right now so okay okay kid I'll take
that let's good the car we'll talk about
that later okay
fight mark hurt mark he's such a big boy
now look at me - toddler flank of the
park I see you I feel where are you
going where are you going
boo no I can't right here Noah come look
at this step over here careful careful
he's running come try this over here
look where you going slow down kay
you're gonna fall
how's that little back bit cool you down
you're tough guy he's like so right now
hey hey you
he's chillin
I what's down there slow down
non-stop running you just climbed up
that whole slide you did in your hair
looks like it's sticking up good job
high five
okay yeah like John mentioned previously
one of our neighbors has been growing
pumpkins in the garden and offered Noah
to pick one and today he got one easy
thank you no that is so nice it's heavy
right the dirty Wow get a picture okay
let's go back this way
look this one's yours I'm gonna carry it
you can't drop it though I know I'm like
a little post-dinner pre-bedtime rad dad
I haven't seen his day enough today
we hung out this morning in g2 and no to
the park he went to the park twice today
we'll be doing the swings for good like
20 minutes
yeah at the same time that's fine that
was really funny he went down a new
slide which one the big one the great
one Danny he goes right to his feet he
won on this bump no no no oh its belly
yeah yeah those ones are fast he look at
the park today he climbed up the little
slides like the little green ones yeah
he like climbed up the up--it for the
first time which was crazy
it's not a big slide but it was just
weird you seen the airplanes
the kids got their pumpkins cute little
pumpkins I'm just gonna have Noah paint
his so doesn't go bad and rotten happen
and play with that ugly girl but all he
wants to do is like pick it up and try
to pull the stem off and throw it so I'm
pretty sure it's gonna end up cracked
and smashed before Halloween but what
can you know the baby so fhe we are
going to get our 72-hour kids just to
keep in the garage fortunately happens
going to grab them quick and go and in
Alaska 72 hours be nice and prepared for
something happens and then next week or
later this month we're gonna start
actually have building food storage so
things that won't perish in the last a
while we just haven't seen like we need
to be more prepared we want to be a part
of the solution and not the problem we
want to have you know storage and stuff
like that so we don't just have nothing
it's something were to happen we're
starting here starting small because
it's hard to just get everything at once
the website that my mom had sent me a
while ago is called emergency kits calm
and they have like emergency kits
supplies and we're gonna see food
emergency water like a whole bunch of
different things and like disaster
information and like a whole bunch of
stuff so this is what the website looks
like I've been meaning to do this for
months like literally this email my mom
sent me is from like last year I think
as I've been looking at this website the
kids for families are kind of pricey but
it has like food water hand squeezable
flashlights and like everything you need
if you need to just grab a bag and go
I'm not sure can you use a bike pump for
that I'm just showing showing the
different this website to people if
they're interested before they have kids
up to six people yeah sure shelf life of
five years so I'm gonna leave this open
on here so when we're ready for FH II
will just add to cart and go we ordered
our emergency preparedness kits and
we're not crazy like like Jen said
something I always say there is it's
better to be part of the solution
than the problem because of disaster
ever did strike we'd be ready and
hopefully we'd have enough to help other
people out I feel like I have that
responsibility almost you know so that's
what we're working on you always got to
be prepared I'm gonna go Scout you guys
know that I'm an Eagle Scout must scout
guy I've been camping a million billion
times done the merit badges then my
Eagle Scout project and so that's
something that we've been wanting to
work on and we'll continue to build on
as we go along it's hard when you move
and you're in apartments but there
really is space that we could definitely
store food and water I also feel a
greater responsibility having kids you
know it's it's one thing to not be
prepared and it's just you alone but to
not be prepared for my kids that's just
me being selfish so I need to be ready
kids kids plural kids kids plural whoa
hey go come on new daddy
guys doing bed time because mom doesn't
feel so well this was his cuddliest time
of the day so cuddly love you Bubba Nene
oh such good kisses good today I had to
be away from the family for a lot of the
day working on some projects we had an
important meeting it kind of stinks
we're working on a secret project right
now that I can't talk to you about I
haven't even filmed about it I could
film about it but I can't really present
it to you until later it's top secret
it's funny when you share so much of
your life to put hard work into
something and just go go go go and be
busy the whole day and then not be able
to say what's going on you know like oh
I want to tell you guys for the next
couple days I'll be working on that it
will be exciting when I can tell you
guys what's going on
October is approaching it's almost here
which means we need to start planning
our Halloween costume done I have not
agreed or decided on what we're gonna do
yet I think we'll have to do something
in a theme though like a
and Lee costume some people might think
that's like corny I think it's kind of
fun
plus my parents are coming out for
Halloween they're gonna be here we're
gonna have a good time we're gonna go to
football game we're gonna take know a
trick or treating we are going to have
to have a Halloween party I know that's
a while away but I have to start
planning now and I'm super excited for
it I hope you guys had fun today and at
least one part of this vlog made you
smile we'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood today see your clip
is be yourself nobody does it better
