good good good
anyway you're watching happy Sunday no
happy Sunday
burn up yeah he's ready for a nap but
need to wait for some food and for a nap
just got back from church it was a
lovely day lovely day a chaps you want
look he's like give me a blue dog I'm
tired beautiful day
yeah Church time always happens around
when know it takes a nap so by the time
we get home
he's like craving number two for Jen
lately has been this artificial Tostitos
cheese some chilli sauce mixed in and
chips nothing like some artificial
cheese
they're leaving leave leaving us she'll
be back soon
are they cute go bears okay good job
you never know the pain of watching the
Bears much more bearable little baby
cuddling you I was gonna take a nap but
the Bears like haven't played that bad
today and though it's not a big cuddler
when he's awake I'm kind of surprised
he's laying that for so long it's really
cute oh look at that little double chin
yeah it's a cute happy Sunday we have
decided to have a little barbecue at the
pool today that swim just to eat oh
hello and then the member has arrived
David and Logan went camping to watch
the lunar eclipse thing tonight so
they're not here to join us
which is disappointing but that's okay
yeah that's really nice night from in
hot dogs yeah we're going ii never
remember most Coburg
yeah it's known it snowed here in
September for it's been great thanks
this is what they call in the Old West
the date on Jenks special it's a brat
two dogs on a hot hamburger bun
especially Masuda
spicy mustard and some pickles on there
too this wallet brought to you by
there's a little bit earlier I thought
this is the perfect I can't uh end the
vlog because supermoon supposed to be
out tonight super moon ski this was a
fun-filled vlog with a lot of baby Noah
I'm about to post this Instagram post
tonight if you haven't followed me
already followed a Han Jiang with two
g's at the end Instagram Twitter and
follow pretty easy just travel and in
Tyler on the on the Instagram it's the
showcase on the Twitter its Sam for
indeed and then we have here I think
Anne Lafitte Aaron Lafitte something
something like that I actually not sure
here's a sneak peek what's that your
pick
it's a pic of you for an Instagram right
what's your big dog to pick my zoom in
paul MC oh no it's a dollar sneak peek
thank you all so much for watching live
a happy life tell somebody you love them
in tripods the greatest of all time just
remember this
oh no it doesn't hate bath time now but
kind of isn't the biggest fan because he
knows it means the fun in the day is
ending and he can no longer play outside
with Thao
really every time I say it's time for a
bath he's like no it kind of runs over
to whichever parent didn't say it
thinking that they'll let him continue
to play but I mean he doesn't hate bath
time he just doesn't love it like he
used to
winter faceoff like this Wow how many of
you try to go outside and see the super
Blood Moon blood Superman super Blood
Moon super Blood Moon that we were
calling it how many of you guys went
outside and tried to find it we went
outside and it was actually super cloudy
the one night a little over a year ago
this sort of thing it probably wasn't
the same as a thing and everyone that's
experts on this can correct me but we
did have a really red moon at night and
our neighbors actually had a telescope
were we vlogging them I think we were
vlogging then and we went and looked at
it and it was really cool but this is
all we saw tonight it looks even
prettier on film yeah there she is
that's about as good as super Blood Moon
will get that's what's called Crescent
there's a lot of clouds actually we
didn't actually see the red part we did
see part of the Eclipse during the
actual part where it was red there were
clouds so that kind of stinks I did get
to see a lot of grainy photos on
Instagram and Twitter though chicken
boxcars unites people nice to be so
embarrassed about my chicken bus fares
today was a perfectly good relaxing day
I actually didn't get my nap in I always
try and take like an hour nap on Sunday
when I was taking a nap for some reason
Sunday's like that one day you feel like
you can take a nap and get away with it
and not really feel bad about it but it
was great it's good to relax spend some
good time with family have a nice dinner
at the pool with friends we won't be
able to do that for too much longer
because the weather's gonna get crazy
it's good to have good friends out here
since our family's all spread out across
the United States
sometimes your closest friends feel like
family it's good to have people around
that cares so much about you so we still
need to watch Amazing Race we need to
watch Lizzie's movie lately at night
gents makind of feeling sick so it's
interesting how there's different waves
throughout different weeks last
pregnancy there was a week and I don't
think we've hit that yet where Jen just
had the worst headaches and we just
balanced water bottles on her head
because I like felt good to her and
lately kind of at night she's been
feeling sick but I think personally and
I think she agrees and she said it that
feeling sick at night is better than
feeling sick in the morning because in
the morning you're like have a whole day
ahead of you when it's at night nose
asleep she can just kind of lay down
relax do whatever she needs to do to
feel better for example tonight she's
eating frozen mangoes every single woman
out there that's been pregnant and been
through this you guys are amazing people
I hope you guys had a great weekend and
were able to relax and see and talk to
family - I feel like the weekend's a
great time to catch up a family FaceTime
call him on the phone tell him you love
him like like like dejan said in his
vlog we'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood side note sometimes
my eyes are green sometimes they're gray
sometimes they're blue today I don't
know what is that greyish blue green
