good morning sweet world I'm Julie and
I'm Elena
the one from Australia and you're
watching the salmon kabobs piece couple
goals dread dragon girl goals you could
stop it
goals full
Noah can't stand morning anymore you
can't you can't do it Sam started taking
him like on little outings he feels like
he needs to go on an outing every day
please okay let's go get in the car
ready let's get in the car
so today I'm like fine let's go we're
just gonna go get in the car and get a
doughnut and help yep like I think Sam
started taking Noah like out a little
drives and just like the store just
doing nothing just to get out of the
house in the morning because Noah
doesn't take enough anymore so he's
getting used to that whenever Sam is up
with him he's like used to him like
going somewhere and so Noah always wants
like already play outside and stuff but
everyone's still asleep and people are
at school and like tayo isn't awake yet
and stuff like that so like buddy you
can't go out in the front yard quite yet
see I just wanna go outside and play mom
doughnuts this way buddy no what no what
I'm this way rocks always you want
doughnut doughnut
mmm I'm so excited
look at all of these beautiful doughnuts
delicious I got like a pumpkin
cheesecake for Sam I thought he might
like that and he loves the strawberry
ones and then I got a little French one
I wish they had the freakin I feel like
every donut place has the like the
cinnamon like the twist once I was like
a big twist with like cinnamon twist one
but no one ever hasn't here so I got
that one and then a chocolate one I got
Noah just a little glazed one and then I
had to get one more so I just got the
manager special I think it's something
spilled in there but it's cute one
doughnuts for the Miss yeah I'm stood
there he's never had his own legit
doughnut I don't know how he's gonna
react to it I wonder if he thinks it's
like birthday cake
there you go yeah me usually if he wants
a juice box he has to give us a kiss
first he does it and it's so sweet but
he knows to come sit down if you want no
breakfast I gotta break this up smaller
okay hold on what then I don't know if
he's gonna like doughnuts cuz he doesn't
he don't want to eat any cake before but
he likes little mini muffins
yummy sugar no take a bite chew bud
yummy you get some water to wash that
down wait wait let's cover you up again
ready okay ready ready
where's Noah
where's Noah Oh Noah has a new little
skin irritation I wonder if you guys can
see in front of you it's getting people
out that could tell me what it is I
really I just need to take him to like a
dermatologist and get all this figured
out but it's like they're just like a
little I know if you can see it they're
like little bumps and there's someone
who's back I don't know if it's just
sweat or what like maybe he's in his
pajamas are too hot at night I don't
know but it's like weird I feel like
these are usually on people's arms like
the little bumps he doesn't have them on
his arms just on his legs and someone is
back if you have any idea what that is
let me know I rep in your face from
glazed donut can you put in the trash
let's go throw it away you'll explain
everything in the trash guys every
single thing even things that don't
belong a trash good job those things
that we're gonna put this in the
dumpster don't worry about those things
but yes I know morning sunshine got you
a treat nice you got you a treat
this could expect outings every day now
because of you sure did got you your
strawberry one oh I sure did he had
almost an entire glazed doughnut let me
make those nicer there we go we we ran
away we left no at home alone just
kidding he's with Dejan we're just going
for a little fun quick afternoon trip
together
we'll walk well hit deep and not happen
a jump yep or just get some cars that
are in the area just for fun our car is
kind of a piece of crap we've been
thinking about getting one but we'll see
this one's no good gas mileage two
hell's later if one year ago from today
you would have told me that we'd be
sitting here in Utah
Tyler Shelton place
spaghetti and meatballs I told you
you're crazy
but today the cafe they tried the bottle
Basia basil has been let's see who was
the victim for Bellatrix poor little
chicks
here's male chicks is now in the sauce
we just had a delicious meal and now all
the sons I mean this way that's right
now we're gonna go take some engagement
save-the-date photos for Tyler and Haley
because they're getting married and they
need to tell people about it so right
now we're looking for the time ready 1 2
touchdown bangles mess work way to go
babe wait way to go babe never found you
so attractive guys you look wonderful
but you got one dried one dress hanging
out yeah that one three or four orders
back get control those dreads come on
there you go perfect
we don't want to Co enough a couple of
goals dread dread and girl goals you
could stop it goals yeah
Jess yeah beautiful this is beyond me
look at those colors full
Sam's turn out the camera so those you
don't know he's actually a very good
photographer as well and honestly it's
just natural talent he doesn't even go
to school
honestly Sam's probably he's really has
an eye for editing I don't have that
editing eye that was really hard in
school to edit but he's really natural
editor I'll take pictures all day if
he'll just edit them for me look at this
beautiful couple so beautiful so
beautiful so beautiful so beautiful
I'm capturing that yawn right as I was
looming in
River kisses gimmicky not be kissed give
kisses Oh doughnuts this vlog brought to
you by just give Tyler hugs he'll give
you hugs hey all right
movie night movie night power oh that's
the new name of everyone has to suggest
one name for a future child before Jack
Bauer oh we don't we
after my favorite spice Michael Scott no
comment no comment again she's stealing
all my good colors I'm taking one of
each color Pookie with the ostrich
Kelly I think Kelly's legitimate Tavon
Austin Kendal Thompson Kendal Thompson
Kendal Thompson he said a good night why
did you dance something that you can do
it with food I'm a German well the
Minecraft foam I just want to let you
know they're large Hass avocados at
Walmart yeah there's like this big I
went crazy yeah
their view yeah well it tell your shell
doesn't like a vegetable like I don't
even see this fruit technically really
like what's a fruit man anything with an
egg is a chicken you guys are chicken no
not like an egg work fruits and your
chickens you take that to the bank
each other oh I see what's your favorite
oh that's so beautiful I'm doing I guess
increase monocles oh my god two hours
because no one can never decide have you
guys seen Chronicle no let's watch
ending is kind of we honest couch one
two three four war buys is so good four
five six seven eight people on this
couch
I think this couch fits up take baby
let's watch science the giver science no
I'm totally glad to watch it is equal to
the fugitive who's seen the fugitive you
helped me out in it and we were just
about a tough-talking she's a ruinous so
yeah
we can never it aside everybody give 96%
all the booze all these young younger
Thank You 6% excluding earrings
including this kid over here we ended up
watching signs actually quoted signs in
a vlog the other day I was was it I put
like
I think I put like a subtitle referring
to the birthday party scene which used
to like be the scariest scene in the
whole movie to me and now after watching
the video again like and that movie
wasn't that scary it is pretty
suspenseful though but it's just crazy
how your perspective on movie changes
with technology and also just time I'm
already looking forward to tomorrow
though because Jenica and I are gonna
watch Lizzy's movie tomorrow night it's
already on iTunes I think it might be on
Amazon it's on a bunch of different
places where you can rent and watch and
buy movies and it's also in select
theaters so we're really looking forward
to watching that it's been a fun weekend
it's good having hailey in town it was
really fun to take their pictures those
two they crack us up and it's gonna be
awesome to go to their wedding this
summer when we were talking about it the
other day I was like whoa we're gonna
have two kids with us that's gonna be
wild we're gonna have to get Noah like a
little suit or tuxedo for the feather
wedding I'm going to edit this vlog
hopefully before I go to bed it's
already pretty late but tomorrow is
another busy day I'll see you guys then
base
jouso
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that I'm just a quick question of
the day gummy bears do you guys like
them like fresh or do you kind of like
them stale frozen maybe sometimes
they're better stale
