good morning sweet world Roxanne mother
homeless and you're watching Seneca box
Oh partner hey hey hey hey there how you
doing partner
how you doing hey cowboy
good morning we just drop the ladies off
for a little workout body shape body
dancing I don't know it kind of class it
was body something so the dudes hanging
out at chick-fil-a meantime Oh dudes
dudes day
dudes day no dudes day dude stay do you
think you want to sit here in your
little high chair weekend have you
graduated already we'll see maybe dude
guys got it I found him we didn't get it
gonna get the before show this oh my
goodness
he just screamed and like yeah I kind of
caused the scene we had anything down
them think everyone's embarrassed of me
did I sound I was like oh my gosh I've
been searching everywhere for this dude
hey dudes day
yeah I can't believe I found that Mario
amiibo Richard doesn't mean anything in
life but he found it
guys dudes day is over it only lasted
one hour
he got chick-fil-a we made friends at
chick-fil-a we went to the mall got a
Mario no I wrote the card for free
Diddy now we're heading back good
afternoon everyone
it's a beautiful Thursday it's so nice
and sunny and hot outside and we are
having like yummy lunch what are you
eating some avocado and cheese and some
peaches so it's gonna my cute I'm glad
you like some healthy stuff I took
hailey to my workout class today and it
was so fun I like my arm hurts holding
up this camera right now which is always
a good sign you see hi to everyone take
a morning yeah you want more peaches I
know this is his first experience eating
peaches oh well I take that back
he's had like diced peaches and the
little containers but a real peach look
it Walmart has the biggest peaches right
now look at that
it's not crazy it's huge all of the
three features I bought were like bigger
than my hands and they're yummy
mmm I eat that cheese up he likes food
it's cute he's so tired today - oh my
goodness can you guys believe how long
his hair has already gotten it's crazy
oh pretty long and thick I kind of like
it though I don't think I'll cut it
right away I think I'll let it do its
thing and see what happens and then
Shh are you full
okay why are you so good II love these
these guys are like super idiot around
here and I got these ones first lateen
these are the ones I have I remember and
then I finally found this guy today
blast or theta although I just checked
online because I have a follow like
websites that tell like when they're
gonna be available he's such a nerd and
he is available online right now anyways
I wanted to get six of them because my
desk
he's been you guys he liked he heard the
FedEx pull up outside and ran downstairs
ran because he was so excited I know but
a small so he was very excited that your
standards here he was just talking about
how uh have a fun I feel like you need
the other ones towed and stuff oh gee
you know what's his name yogi wait
wasn't it what yogi wait yeah yeah
yogi what doesn't even get me huge Yoji
brain yogi I'm not gonna help you no
please say please my brain isn't working
yo Yoshi Yoshi wow that's a lot bigger
than I thought I'd be it's very big it's
a cool way guys
oh the base is the same to all of them
yeah what those two you can mix each
other cuz look they're like no you don
the time cuz he's really big why is
8-bit Mario so much bigger and heavier
cuz he's just awesome alright guys there
it is there it is but what do you do we
have more amiibos well I mean I don't
really need any more now now you get you
could put like one right there these are
the ones I really want it do you like it
it's very nerdy but that's right I like
having Mario on top cuz it's like he's
hopping onto the flight no they should
have like another
people there so someone could be up
there that'd be cool he wants to follow
tail whoa oh gosh yeah no seriously no
one loves to do whatever Thao is doing
absolutely whatever he's doing tails in
a string no wants to be in the swing
Keo likes ice cream no likes ice cream
Thao loves Brussels sprouts no loves
Brussels sprouts these guys are awesome
best buddies whatever comes over Sam's
playing video games with them and he's
playing super smash yeah he's actually
letting Thao play play no it's so tired
right now oh my gosh
yeah yeah look at these boots these were
tails I hope they fit them out enough
they might be too small so cute but
they're so cute little cowboy boots are
so little sister but Ava is tattoos baby
okay hey everyone - you too pretty are
you doing the victory dance do victory
dance oh yeah spins and breakdancing Wow
whoa get it get it whoah me mother's
trousers just playing by himself at a
house Noah insists on wearing 20 years
to clean up his toys he was like giving
up a fit he's like we've got to put the
bunny ears on mom what a nice book from
this book he's like I get me out here
done
I'm Doug Lee yeah gotta teach him young
if you make a mess you have to clean it
up even the other day the other day
Rosie like spit up all over the ground
kid water in his mouth and he spit it up
remember he ran over and grabbed a towel
and started winding it up
so you're mowing oh you can kind of see
the white it started he is so tired
tonight you ran around a lot
I'm free oh yeah booty dance booty dance
oh praise miss each other during dinner
all right Chrissy Nora laughs am doors
out she plays she went back outside
they're back outside perfec outside Nora
gray - Nora - Nora Nora
come I can't what are you eating in
there what is that
hey what is it I get a whole year's know
what is it tell me what it is right
that's not rice what is it you know what
that is no no onions
yeah you like onions okay old dick no
you hold it and eat it I thought he was
eating rice at first but it's raw onions
I've never seen a four-year-old do that
these boots of mindful walking and
that's just what they'll do one of these
days these boots are gonna walk all over
Wow monk monk monk oh hey there how you
doing partner
how you doing hey cowboy
just they had some he'll like oh he's
like running though hair ain't enough
room for the both of us in this town
tale Sam's a really good dad he please
call the boys I think up to like three
or four times a day Noah really likes
his boots too quite adorable
little red in those boots they're still
too big for him so that's oh he can't
really walk with it so you did she give
you kisses no one I missed it was blurry
just a boy his cowboy boots and it's
tricycle oh and it's daddy that's I know
what it's like we already have two kids
all the fun playing together and stuff
every day for though I just think about
how no it's gonna be just an awesome big
brother he really loves playing with
other kids and although it simply won't
be ready to play right away and selim us
today yeah I think he's gonna really
love the addition to the family I'll see
you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
thought I'm just the lights oh oh oh I'm
gonna spin this globe wherever it lands
that's where I need to take my next trip
to China Wow
