good morning sweet world blue i'm sarah
and we are in Spokane Washington and
you're watching dun dun dun dun dun but
are these I don't know yes you do one
for my sister ones for me one for my mom
I think this one's Rachel Rachel one of
the blue strawberry one there it is rach
your shirts here oh i think i got my mom
like this I thought no no that would
like one's mine I got my mom paint you
know what a color date my mom grey I
think this one's hers she wanted pink
but I excellent got a grey deal with me
oh wait where's mine okay those for
Sam's these two of mine look I got light
blue and gray yeah I kind of open it
right oh well this open well that's all
this about this good morning turn around
i'm wearing my light blue one they run a
little big oh I thought you were Haley
and Tyler oh oh you got the shirts and I
didn't but you're coming right now to
run a little they run a little big but
that's kind of good the watchman no mine
on me I like it oh I like the dark blue
one a lot yeah like I'm not hey everyone
likes to dancing in the intro day hun
Sam changed up the intro so let's do a
lovely more few more dance moves
why not please tonight you will tonight
fiver and a game wait what's that what's
jo is his name Joe that we want to win
Joe yeah I don't know channeling I'm
doing we've toasted I wanted to win oh
that looks good too we do not think this
through damn ma'am ma'am sir hi sir is
that the gift special k really good oh
my gosh is also good wow wow wow how is
that yeah it's your first time in her
new home what tuna is that what weird i
like to smell my house oh wow what's
watching yeah wow this is the one thing
right against thank you what's that that
light yeah he told me that nykeya he
said in that k is like Hayley doesn't
want me to get this light so you can't
live the meals as a lip stuff would see
Oh
yeah there's a bit first hello little
thank you oh you Wow you'll yell oh I'm
quite surprised I like it actually this
is aaron Oh everyone would yell oh I
like that I almost bought that one and i
went with your uh great ok i really like
to yellow you too i wish i went all what
you would have thought no we're gonna
look at it on feet long I'm Pete I see
you said dirty Annie a shower oh hi
Carly we thank you big men please come
in here he really likes pregnant women
okay watch he'll come to me this is good
he knows them when people are pregnant
what Hurley go outside go outside go
outside Harley you know when you travel
you feel like disgusting right now well
you look beautiful you got got yours oh
you like it you're just not because
that's right you're only selling on ebay
oh wow yeah has been a while all right
put your shirts on so we can be a mob
squad he already open then what are we
at arelate inside don't care about the
third girl cam don't go under new shirt
five-second my I've second solid right
when i started when i go for this way
ready k12 i get for drinking my Elvis
stood out in five six he did it he did
it no I get in here look what your dad
did wow congrats that would happen Oh
ever like you in a sick a while and it
is and like you started all this jigs
than just a very great
no I'll do again another yes another one
Charlie Ellis move again another one no
no I used to do this like every day hey
man we all passing period high school I
have mon Dieu in my backpack that was
gone yeah you can while you can take a
sip next up hey you know what you you
look beautiful in the sunlight buddy so
pretty but there's so many bugs freak
never make eye contact while eating
banana right tell everyone was going off
your life they miss you sooo i read like
10 common today where's David I 3 i'm a
daisy oh you know I can never tell them
what's happening though I work tell them
what's happening though there it was so
sad who Larry me so sad how that
happened tell them why cuz it's still
like a my way I'm what's happening in a
month David Oh tell them what's
happening in a month I'm probably too
baby guys no you're not
we go to you why would you tell them a
little too good people were wondering if
no Dave head nose ring he does have a
nose ring I do like it tell him take it
out shave don't get so close on my face
term a really insecure wait hold on and
well it won't focus Burgundy's the color
this fall what's here I'm kind of zoom
in on you know drinking you can do it
I'm not just focusing I'm not that close
to you I'm just going to focus on it
there we go it's real people it's real
you know he did it himself like that
parent trap oh just kidding that's
actually really true did you really do
it yourself yeah sit her heck yeah I
don't to do that I went to a place okay
you free it went through like butter I
went to gullible yeah yeah yeah I'm good
David you don't need anything in there
what's in there what do you want that so
much but he had one wanna share pops go
with me I've been all about pops we'll
see oh yeah goat sit down go sit down I
can take carriers he listens to goes and
sits down whenever he wants something I
tell him to go sit down after he tells
me what he wants and then to go sit I've
been wanting to get my workouts in one
though was napping but I had other
things to do and I was out during that
time so plus there's the survivor party
tonight Tyler and Haley are super into
survivor
I watched like season one two three and
i think for Australia in Africa two and
three or my favorite and then I watched
last season and I kind of got back into
it so Jenna and I were pretty excited
about tonight with survivor starting
we had to have a little watch party yeah
after that we had a head to the tricks
in warehouse because there are a lot of
orders to pack for today hi powers down
mom hi Caitlin Wow look at all that
packing I could have been here all night
I don't care if it breaks it's fine oh
oh why would you do that you're a stud
oh my god I said oh hello your best and
tonight was the night that I knew Aaron
was always there for me Oh Aaron just I
acted like the camera was gonna fall it
was actually tied to the side here and I
her hair and gently go for it hedo
straight up dome on the ground and I
morning Sam kiss your girl man and
that's when Aaron denied forever became
brothers
I almost felt like my vision bit bigger
than a bigger pitch by the time I got
back Jen was feeling pretty tired and
sick it was about midnight so I called
next to her for about 30 minutes caught
up on emails and things and then I was
like I gotta get over here even if it's
super late because if I take one day off
then I'll be able to take tomorrow off
just as easy so I only did about two and
a half miles and then actually lifted
some weights and now my whole body is
officially sword feel like I should take
a day off to kind of recuperate but that
would just be an excuse at this point
that's what I'm telling myself at least
time for some dishes and then bed waking
up early with Noah and doing it all over
again choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood also
we absolutely love when you guys eat it
chick-fil-a hey
