good morning sweet world my name is
Alexa and I'm from Sonny Dickson
California and you are watching Semak
alongs peace how good do I smell right
now you smell like sweaty boy ready hold
the bottle hold the bat Noah
good morning sweet world is actually
afternoon and we just let Noah drive us
to sonic he was sitting on my lap
perfectly safe he steered the whole way
we drove all the way there those 20
miles away I'm just playing we did not
know we just got back Jen what do you
been craving a lot lately what koch dr
pepper dark drinks that I'm not supposed
to have inet it did we meet well you can
have them just I tried not to but with
Noah I try to not drink that stuff I did
pretty good I'd sips of Sam's once in a
while but I really didn't drink it my
whole pregnancy but I like crave it
right now I don't usually when I'm
nothing I don't usually crave it I like
I want it but he's like getting all the
diet I was like dt10 so I got a little
one because I think your people can
drink coffee I can drink a little dr.
pepper in a bit I realized though with
your pregnancy and adding the seven last
time all the like the things like oh I
eat a lot of that and if pregnant women
can't eat it maybe I shouldn't use all
right and there's certain things or it's
like that doesn't apply to you I'm like
oh gotcha myself okay all right let's go
ready yeah but you ran four three two
one going on a trip in a favorite rocket
ship so enter this guy they don't know a
grey yeah we can't make this too much
fun though like John said she's like
Noah don't you ever get in the front see
like that without us right you never let
him drive the car like no no of course
not we were just parked in five you can
just sit up here together as a family
you guys so I went to the gym today I
have been good and I've been going I'm
trying to go three times a week but i
did this class today what was it called
anyway it was freaking intense it's so
awesome i am so sore already and I just
it's good i'm glad i got that gym
membership because I needed to get my
butt going just I just like feeling my
you know feeling like I'm doing
something just makes me feel better body
blast I think my class was called body
blast and boy did it blast my body drew
that oh hi thanks for good art no you go
back in there sir go the front yard
no not the garage so yesterday you guys
saw the t-shirt designs and thank you
for voting and commenting on which ones
you liked last time I gave three away I
think we're gonna do five this time you
can keep tweeting me your pictures I'm
going to select the winners once the
campaign goes live today I wanted to
give a quick shout out to audible that's
helping sponsor today's video they have
over a hundred thousand books that you
can listen to this one right here is
when a shaves favorites how to win
friends and influence people this book
the opposite of spoiled is one that I
want to listen to next it's about how to
manage money for your kids and things
like as far as cell phones birthdays all
of that which is something I need to
think more about because we're having
more kids there's actually a sample you
can listen to they have tons bestsellers
like the Martian that movies coming out
soon predictably irrational is the one
I'm listening to right now this book
helps you understand how you think and
how irrational we can be with our
decisions as far as food makes me
realize how irrational I can be about my
own decisions and how irrational the
whole world is with their decisions and
it just is helping me become a better
person I hope and then you got all the
teen books that Jen loves to read which
you know what times I like to read those
to all the books are super easy to
access because you can listen to it on
your mobile device your computer and
iPad tablets they even sync up with like
the Kindle there certain books that you
can be actually reading on your kindle
and then go over and start listening to
it right where you left off so thanks to
audible for helping support today's
video you can actually go to audible.com
slash Sam akka and get a free book like
the ones I just mentioned that you can
listen to yourself and give audible try
it's a cool easy way just to get
introduced to what audible is since I'm
into these like self-help books right
now guys I promise you I'm all right I'm
all right I just like it's it's funny
how like our interests change over time
but let me know if you guys have any
books that you recommend because I'd
like to check him out and listen to him
the other day I had stayed up to like
4am with this book about babies and
children and Jen looked at me she's like
what are you doing right now is like
well I gotta get ready for number two if
I'm ever gonna run a marathon I need
something to help push me along I really
think the audio books is gonna do it for
me like a combination of that and muse
ready hold the bot hold the bat Noah
no you're
Oh last time you lots immediate it by
himself okay ready now you hit it did it
by yourself now how bad is so good whoa
good job okay tails turn run go give the
back to tail oh well he put the ball
himself good job you guys both hands
give Tina turn feel up to it hey I got
home good the yellow ball okay here he
goes Noah whoa it was a big swing your
mom iphone 5 yeah baseball baby get that
one
no I gotta use your bat hey good try
good try try again buddy no you just
leave it there hit it good job you know
honey hello a hater tonight dodgy well
separate oh wow see ya excuse me stalk
my body black one too where's my
chitters here switch it that be prepared
or two
whoa now go get it how good do I smell
right now you smell like flowy boy what
just can't I smell like victory my nose
is plugged did you win all your games no
do you feel better today let's give you
any buggers a year ago we had a vlog
called are there any boogers in there
like gear go from today right now you're
so cute day 2 20 I'd basketball for two
hours I think I pulled my gluteus
maximus I'm dead serious I was like
ranking I was like Jenna I think you
massage my bum which is like feeling
around their elbow like here here here
actually felt really good because I
seriously think I might have pulled a
muscle there oh babe I know I'm getting
older that's the other thing I need to
start doing stretch I never stretch i
I've never stretched in my life yeah I
don't good stretch for you for your butt
cheek sit down okay but one's not too oh
I don't know if I can sit down be black
good he wish Lakers that's my gluteus
maximus okay the right one the right
cheek yeah going over your leg left leg
and it like this could pull back on the
opposite leg backwards and stretch this
side oh I'm falling over boys are so
enough okay I'm gonna fall yeah okay oh
my god is honestly I feel like I'm back
in high school having sports practice
like every single day he and your money
is just like oh CLE rock-paper-scissors
she wakes up with milks i'm so tired too
she know you'll win actually that's it
actually you just got banana you're
really good Noah really likes in the
morning already say that because he do
fun stuff I'm too tired and I just sit
there and just eat him lately when I
wake up with no I usually take him to
the store and hang out with him usually
get like a ball for fifty cents and go
run around the toy aisle he's not to the
point where he has to have something in
the store he's not like ah but he enjoys
looking at it so I like doing it's kind
of funny I like looking at all the kids
toys it's interesting to see how they've
evolved plus I might be
looking for amoebas every once in a
while just a couple who has the 8-bit
Mario and looking online for that it's
always sold out I ordered an amigo stand
a while ago it's still not here because
these are Miami bows no I'm not obsessed
I really don't ok this one's mine Toon
Link and then i have the splatoon ones
zero suit samus and then the link is
erin's that's it they have a use though
other than looking amazing Aaron said
the other day he's like you're gonna be
such a good dead like no is gonna be so
pumped when he really realizes that you
guys like playing video games and stuff
although I don't believe in your games
often no you don't he wishes he could
you just that design at the time i could
and i'd be a bad father and husband i
play probably like once a week on a good
week twice like two hours I should maybe
I will a little super mario maker a few
moments later you know what never seems
to be ending here at our household
dishes every night the family grows so
many dishes it doesn't matter how many
times I do the dishes I always think
back to when I used to wash dishes at a
restaurant and some nights of all my
kennis it was crazy so many dishes hot
water things just spraying everywhere is
kind of disgusting so if you wash dishes
shout out to you because I've been there
I know exactly what that's like me my
buddy Mike worked together and I think
I've mentioned this long before but we
one night just brought like a little
tiny speaker wireless speaker in and put
little instrumental beats and just like
freestyle back and forth to each other
trying to make the night more upbeat and
enjoyable technology now like I have
these cheap bluetooth headphones that we
got a long time ago for their plane and
i hook it up to my little screen so i
can watch something or at least listened
she's also one of those times we need
like good showerthoughts like good for
listening to books podcasts that all
those terrible jobs that I had
especially in college really made me
appreciate every job I feel like it was
just like a progression like terrible
job and then I get a slightly less
terrible job and then a slightly less
terrible job it's really helped me
appreciate the progression in my life as
I've studied in school got better jobs
was more skilled in different areas I
would recommend a crappy job like that
to anyone it opens up your eyes and
really allows you to appreciate more in
life that is the job that I had while
saving money to get Jen an engagement
ring fun little fact my shower dishes
thought for you that you might not even
care about is that even if you have a
crappy job right now keep working hard
do your best to advance your skills go
to school going to school is super
important although i doing youtube and i
do tricks and stuff for a living right
now you might be like duh you don't even
use your school knowledge i learned so
much in college life experiences i
learned about how to get by with like no
money Jenna and I were working 30 40
hours a week and yet we still have like
no money and we found ways to get around
it and to work hard you graduate it was
amazing just like the social skills are
huge and I still think about things that
I learned in school today like in every
day stuff and especially in tricks in
like it's like a business starting from
the ground up I took tons of courses
like that and I always wondered like
well I wish I could just go out do this
and now I am work hard even if you're in
a bad situation now just keep working
hard get an education even if you feel
like you can't afford school there are
so many different ways that you can earn
extra money to save to go and you can
take classes online Codecademy if you
want to learn how to code go to
Codecademy YouTube is just a huge
library where you can learn I don't know
where I'm going with this if I'm telling
you every time i watch the dishes
whether it's a couple times a week or
whatever I think about those days if you
choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood our
biggest weakness right now pumpkin and
party cakes these little bites oh my
goodness too easy to eat probably not
good for you
