hi my name is Nina and I'm from Georgia
and you're not watching this hammock
appalled please good morning sweet world
Noah and I are both hoping that today is
less intense than yesterday repin to
have a good one right those are my keys
God selfie selfie smile or just going oh
is that your selfie lick my heart my
heart my heart this is this could be
what life is like in seven months oh my
heart
hashtag stay sweaty it's been a while
since i have really seriously worked out
i've been playing basketball like once a
week that's just not enough anymore for
my body because i'm getting older I'm
getting older gen I mean you older you
start gaining weight no your tablet just
slows down a little bit that's what
gaining weight level tabal isn't slow
down the attorneys that's a gaining
weight is I can't just go to McDonald's
and eat three hot and spicy stew how
opinion double is a fry and a large coke
anymore so I'm trying to get in better
shape again and feel like this is like a
cycle like happens and then it happens
again and then it happens again the most
important thing is that you're trying to
do it and that you are doing it so I
just went for a four point two five mile
run and anyone that runs farther than me
in the next 24 hours tweet me with a
screenshot of some way that you tracked
it you can show proof of the date and
I'll retweet you because we can motivate
each other Jen's been working out she's
been going to classes of the gym Dave's
been working out trying to get in shape
I'm actually five pounds how much do you
think I way anyway how much would you
guess I weigh 168 168 1 95 whoa i just
weighed myself today i was 192 and I
told myself I would never get to 200
pounds so motivation get my butt in the
gym I sweat so much today guys 100 I
need you pounds my frame I'm like six
one and a half probably like six to it
distributes like pretty evenly I'm not
like like oh my gosh I'm so overweight
but I'd like to be like 180 I think I'm
not sure what's healthy I need to look
it up at one point when I was in high
school senior year and freshman year of
college I was 160 when we were playlist
live I weighed myself on the scale and I
was like holy cow but I definitely like
feel it I definitely feel it so I'd like
to get better shape gotta live a long
life and be there for the kids too I
just went myself again and I weighed 189
which means I lost three pounds of sweat
while I was running the hardest part is
just getting out
doing it if like everyone can agree that
after workout you feel great kind of
sort I'm like ooh legs are a little bit
sore but you just feel great you feel
good for the rest of the day hopefully I
can keep this going for this whole week
and then we'll see where it goes from
there it's monday and I'm sick Sam never
gets me sick he's always like oh don't
kiss me I'll get you sick and like oh
don't I'm sick don't hug me i'm sick and
like Sam Sam was like literally every
time he says that and he's never gotten
me sick I don't get sick very often
knock on wood thank goodness but this
time I actually did get sick oh my gosh
I'm so tired today when I came
downstairs Sam was kind enough to let me
sleep longer because I had a hard time
sleeping last night I come downstairs
and sounds like wow this is the first
time you actually look tired like really
time didn't care about makeup I did take
a shower which was good hopefully
doesn't stick around too long and
hopefully no it doesn't get it David was
kind of to get me a watermelon so I'm
gonna go cut help it it kind of opened
before no wake up or else I'll eat it
all no was taking a nap he's actually
been asleep for two hours now he might
be home for that three hour nap which
happens every couple weeks I tweeted
something out while I was running and I
want to show you guys he is ready for
this new samick assured ideas in 3 2
you've probably already seen him on
Instagram and Twitter one WOM WOM WOM
well mom I'm looking at them on my
computer right now but i'll actually put
them in the video so you can look at
them up close so i had you guys decide
between two designs here's design one
and then here's design to one of them is
accented with different sports balls and
things like that which i think is kind
of fun and then there's one that just
kind of you know plain and normal since
i posted those pictures there's actually
a third option now which includes balls
and airplanes oh wow plus we can also
mix it up with different colors so we
can put it on like darker shirts this
would most likely be on a white shirt so
here's like the fourth option which we
could put on a darker article of
clothing this is the true for this is
actually a different face
that Tyler drew of Noah can like saying
oh wow tell me if you guys like that one
actually so what you need to do is
comment and say if you like number one
the best number two number three or
number four I think what I'll do is
actually make two of them available and
I want to do like hoodies kind of like a
crew neck and then also just regular
t-shirt Gabrielle Sarah and Nicole I
talk to you guys on Twitter a couple
weeks ago you guys won sanika shirts
from last time and those should be
arriving this week I want to give away
three more san marcos shirts than new
one so this shirt is not available yet
i'll post it later this week probably
this weekend I kind of wanted to do the
same thing again RetailMeNot is actually
helping sponsor today's video I've
talked about retailmenot two times in
videos now it's my favorite app for
shopping hands down I know a lot of you
guys already use it and you've shown me
that with like the tweets and pictures
and things excuse the cracks in my
screen I still need to get that fixed
RetailMeNot is my favorite app to use
for coupon codes online and also for in
stores so look at this right now like
Tilly's it says twenty percent off one
item in store and online this is one
that I'm going to be using this week
BOGO pizza for free I love those BOGO
deals you guys have seen those before it
says this week only by carry out pizza
menu price and get one for free every
time I go to Old Navy i use it Hobby
Lobby target best buy it's in thousands
of stores it saves you money there's no
catch you just need the app it's awesome
H&M on my favorite stores I think
they're going to go to salt lake this
weekend so I'm going to get some deals
there as well it is the best way to make
sure that you don't miss out on deals
because that is the worst feeling when
you see something and you're like oh I
could have gotten money off on that if
you want to get the app you can text Sam
acha sa m ik a 24 2767 that applies to
your normal messaging data rates and
stuff so if you don't have texts don't
text it there's actually going to be a
link you can click on in the description
which might be easier for you but you
text it's a mite go to for 2767 they'll
send you a link to download the app and
then you're good to go if you'd rather
not text the code of the number i'll
have a link in the description you can
click on that on a mobile device and it
will work just as well so what I want
you guys to do again if you already have
that that's totally cool send me
screenshots of the app on your phone
and then I'm going to randomly select
again three people to give one of these
new shirts too so just tweet me a
picture of it on your phone because last
time we just randomly selected three and
it was kind of fun cool I'm pretty
stoked that they want to continue to
work with us so this is a cool way to
also give away free shirts and don't
forget to tell me which one is your
favorite oh wow let's see if this is a
good one wow that's a good one it
honestly is probably needs like another
day or two and then it would be perfect
but I'd rather have it like this then
like two dark red and machine so I've
literally we washed this Cup look at
this you see this where we washed it
like 10 times don't know how to fix that
I think it was a different dish soap I
think I need new distal to now oh yeah I
think this probably needs another day
but mmm I love it you know I think it's
our favorite oh it's so good mr. sleep
for three hours yeah you slept for three
hours today that was cool he's getting
them better on that thing starts to
steer now huh oh good job cute kissy boy
he always is like looking for sams like
reaction to everything it's hilarious
he'll turn and be like dad did you see
that do you see that dad and like give
him a smile it's so cute I feel like I'm
really popping today look at that look
at this Oh a little baby Bunga I'll bet
you get a little bit stuff but really
dang girl yeah coming Lee you know bad
if my heart my heart my heart this is
this could be what life is like in seven
months oh my heart now give one more
kiss or go play football ok give me see
some sad
oh oh oh that was good kid that's what
life could be like in six seven months
right Thao Ted's you know that we're
having that knows gonna have a sibling
yeah yeah Jenica has a baby in her belly
do you know that didn't get to boy or
girl why you think it's a boy I will see
we'll find out pretty soon people Emmett
I about my best friend his name is Thao
when we like to watch cartoons cute
friends oh hi people like where's David
where's David where's David all right
where you going I'm never lost what's up
a we don't know where you are so hot
springs intrude with who d who's that
what he always leaving me now I have
wrenched move out already yeah whatever
you always let you leave whatever okay
yeah I know you don't love me okay his
friends back out there this is what
we're making tonight hopefully it's gone
Carribean braised Torian Caribbean
that's how you smoker stop laughing at
me Totti's over right now with Ava hey
over here oh hi you say hi hi oh hi tail
marseille hi
that's silly oh hi Sam's teaching tale
how did you catch it teaching witches
teaching tale had a cat he's learning
how to catch now get that coordination
guy Oh close oh yeah yeah could you Noah
it just bounces off its faith in Hilary
you're doing it too said the ball super
bouncy two turns out yeah so close so
this pretty much what happened yesterday
one of our neighbor said that the boys
should come pick pumpkins I think these
are the little pumpkins she was talking
about corn doesn't look like it's dune
too hot though click it's ready for corn
maze tattoo you could just bring your
date here right so this little corn maze
oh oh there's like more little ones here
cool come on do I these ones I what are
these stories what does no strawberry
look yes it is is not strawberry what's
a pepper I think that's pretty cool
right you just pick them well maybe you
should come over here more often tati
and enjoy the garden I always say you
know this place would be nice for doing
an apocalypse cuz least there's a garden
there's somewhat of a wall I feel like
and I mean anything can jump over that
wall but it's easier to already have a
wall somewhat built and just reinforce
the wall and there's a garden Wow look
at that huge squash here years ago this
way to see him come back over this way
you pick a pumpkin this year yeah
remember last year picking the pumpkin
oh yeah oh my gosh Raquel was here too
huh you'd like barely sit up he was only
four months old you really said he was
younger than her but he was bigger than
her Noah best best Halloween was four
months old it's pretty cool I feel like
the first year of Noah's life for like
oh my gosh its first Halloween his first
Thanksgiving his first Christmas but he
didn't really enjoy it too much this
will be the first time you will actually
enjoy getting a pumpkin he'll enjoy the
pumpkin guts and we'll carve pumpkins
together he'll enjoy hopefully going
trick-or-treating working on our
costumes still dren to decide what we're
gonna do and he'll just enjoy everything
more and more and more hopefully as life
goes on it's pretty awesome I also can't
wait for him to be a big brother he's me
a good one see you guys tomorrow peace
it really well today he went off the
whole bit about it huh you did good I'm
very happy today I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood mommy
ow I'm gonna be good hey you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'll be
good get that understood what does the
llama sing
