good morning sweet world I'm any from
London and you're watching peace what a
day today has been I will never forget
this day forever you will never forget
must a beautiful Sunday were having you
watch that Pats game for sure just come
home from school a good time I got
homework to do I may just walk back
Sunday day hon ballast corn Sunday
today has been crazy okay today started
out with my mom's birthday first of all
my mom is turning 60 which is a huge
monumental birthday she told me she
doesn't feel 60 I don't feel like she is
60 because she's just so sweet and
awesome it doesn't look 60 at all and so
we called her and wished her happy
birthday it's grandma's birthday I know
you like to sing today they're in church
for singing you're like I was gonna
actually pick out a tennis outfit but
it's gonna hurt how does I saved me I
was gonna tell dad maybe you should open
up your present early so you guys can
play while you're there but I'm eating a
strawberry chocolate right now after a
great day at church a wonderful meal
watching my Cubs blow it and barely lose
and singing my mom happy birthday and
catching up with them we had a moment
that we will never forget for the rest
of our lives here's the scenario I bet
you can picture it perfectly I'm outside
Jen's in here not feeling too well no I
went up and did change to laundry okay
but before that you're just kind of like
yeah
resting yeah and I'm playing football
with Te'o and Noah for a good 30 45
minutes we're passing the ball around
hiking it dude thick handoffs we're all
tackling each other
having a good time Jen's like oh man I
got to go change the laundry because
Noah had actually pooped through his
pants and move all over my arm
snap so she's not just juices even
better
poop juices so she runs upstairs and I'm
outside and I haven't seen Aaron in
dejan all weekend we see them like every
single day because we live close to each
other and we work together and really
good friends so they're walking hot and
I'm like oh hey guys how's it going
continuing to play a little bit of
football while Jen's upstairs this dude
comes out of nowhere if I was to I would
say he looks like the new Twitter
YouTube rap game Sam sensation the slim
Jesus I would say he looks like the slim
Jesus but with tattoos on and it
seriously you just like stumbling by and
then he's just like oh you know I was
like what is going on as his students
like approaching me it's not wearing a
shirt he's like hey you I heard your
mouth popping over there hey yo you
talking smack about my girl you know
she's hurt and we have no clue what he's
talking about I am further away than Sam
and Aaron and that you pop with your
lips like talking crap more expletives
than just crab he's like are you talking
about my girl I was like I'm I'm just
over here playing football with our kids
I was like I have no clue what you're
talking about and I was also like me are
you trying to be like I turn around I
like to air today I was like he's like
me he's like yeah you but you guys yeah
you just kept going on and on and
talking and saying this stuff and I'm
like what is life right now what is this
like we have kids here we're playing
football is like no we're just playing
football the kids I don't know what
you're talking about
he's like a so then yeah he threatened
to put sound asleep on that grass over
there and I'm sitting there like oh I'm
just waiting for this dude to do
something so we could drop him and when
he said that I was like all right this
is like a fight-or-flight moment in
psychology fight-or-flight I was like
all right this could either
and three different ways right now my
mind was like what is going on right now
and this do you've kept getting kind of
like closer and stuff and when people
are drunk you can usually really smell
the alcohol I couldn't smell anything I
was like this dude has to be on
something more than just alcohol this is
a weird situation he's acting super
irrational after that he just kind of
like walked away and the whole time he's
just like staring at me just like I know
like then he like came back like paced
back and like looked like it was just so
weird as he's walking away I turned
around to the guys was like did that
just happen like what was that what just
happened
meanwhile the kids are still there like
Noah everywhere it was they're like who
the heck is this like they're scared
everything stopped
yeah hey I was just sitting there he's
like three years old he's just like you
know taking it all in and I was about to
say like come on man like we have kids
here we're playing football like I don't
know what you're talking about
but he was just acting so irrational no
immediately runs up and jumps in my arms
because he has stranger danger he's like
scared I look over and Tati has her baby
there whose lesson how many she's like
six months old six months old sitting
there and I'm like what that is act like
what was that do you know that guy like
did this what is going on so he
continues like paced back and forth and
then move to the garden started talking
to himself and then from there we
decided hey this man is probably not
safe to have around baby Noah now by the
time I come downstairs and they tell me
what's happened I was like what in the
space of like a minute when I'm changing
the laundry I was good this happened no
I would have been freaked out I was glad
you weren't there no it's a it's good I
was not there I would have freaked out
you didn't really well today
you did good without that Pasi today
it's mine now around you he was just
like lingering use my now he's acting
super threatening yes so weird that
something's wrong with this guy and then
it looked like you starting to actually
like do possibly I'm not saying you did
no but look they use like doing drinks
that's what I was like alright guys and
we're going to get inside like we need
to do something about this is getting
out of hand
pull I was literally ready to call 911
yeah call the cops wouldn't doubt okay
with the situation you can call 911
I was like let's call a place where we
live tell them what's going on I called
them they did nothing they said like oh
yeah we'll send someone by and by that I
could tell like nothing wasn't happening
now there are so many police officers a
ton of people involved with the
Sheriff's Office that live around us
like in each building there are people
police officers we don't know uh-huh
okay
so I call the normal police number which
was actually a dispatcher it's probably
like could be the same person on that
day like Sunday that picks it up but she
wasn't like 911 what's your emergency
she's like a little uh and I was like
hey you can hear me so as a dispatcher I
told her exactly what had happened and
she's like our innocent someone out
there she patched me through to the
officer that was on her way to us and I
explained it was going on like try to
give him like I felt like I was in a
video game or a movie like giving him a
details like yeah it doesn't seem like
you I don't I couldn't see any weapons
you know just kind of given the whole
scenario letting them make sure they
know who the guy was what was going on
and then it turns out that another
officer that lives here had seen this
guy during all this and called his boss
so he was on his way to and then this
happened I'm gonna just give you a
couple seconds of this if you were a
little kid don't watch this I'm gonna
give you five seconds to fast forward
fast forward like twenty seconds this is
what happened right here there's always
like a cliche movie moment what we're
doing is I just like throw them all
seriously honestly I got you guys a cat
look at these guys
Oh walk my dog guys Chilean hey I'm a
good day I'm going with them it is kind
of according to the dude that clip is
kind of like out of context you didn't
see the whole thing no eating up to that
a couple minutes long he was putting his
hands in his pockets he was resisting
arrest or whatever it was going on he
was not cooperating with police at all
they were there talking to him for a
very long time everyone was very calm
you see videos on YouTube and other
things sometimes of like police stuff
that happened and that's a whole nother
thing that I don't even want to really
go into but I just want to commend these
people that handle the situation because
I thought they did it perfectly
long story short I'm glad that we were
calling because we needed to because he
wasn't gonna leave well long story short
that was weird
that was weird that was like what just
happened and now I don't know that was
scarred for life
yeah and this is exactly why something
had to happen because there's kids
outside and our kids play outside this
is we're out there every day literally
all day long supposed to be a safe place
I want to protect my family
had I been a single guy not married and
not with a kid I probably would have
been like oh whatever you know like yeah
that's crazy
yada yada yada but the fact that he
approached all of us with children I was
like oh we have to do something we have
to I don't need him to get arrested he
just needs to leave right we just wanted
restraining remove for those 10 minutes
they threatened so put me to sleep and
beat me up I'm not saying I would fight
him no I would not let you fight them I
would not want to yeah I'm a peaceful
person that's what happened and uh and
he doesn't live here you just it
honestly was I think it was random that
he was even in the complex it's just so
weird because we live in this peaceful
safe Utah like I see it so safe you can
just keep your doors unlocked but every
single time I live anywhere
I have stuff like this what happens I
kid you not I can go into details in
other vlogs oh it is crazy what I
learned though and I've learned this a
lot lately is that you always need to be
like ready maybe know where you need to
have an edge
I've definitely like gained an edge
especially once we've had Noah I might
always ready to do whatever I need to do
and it's just if you're comfortable and
where you are like I feel like you
always need to be aware of who lives by
you or what's going on or situations and
things like that you know I
automatically I always put trust in them
like they have that to lose I give them
trust but you need to be on edge you
need to be ready ever head on a swivel
and just be ready and it stinks it's
scary it's like don't happen to us often
like this is kind of a rare thing for
something so dramatic to happen like it
was weird but I've had weird but you've
had weird something's up and I'm just
glad that I mean this is why we're
always with the kids like when they're
playing right I mean oh another thing
that is amazing to me I always feel like
someone is micromanaging my life for not
having seen day on an errand for like
two or three days it was crazy how they
just walked over literally minutes
before that happened and then they
hadn't been there you know things could
it wasn't scary I'm weird well yeah he
could have had more confidence and look
oh I was grateful and that's there there
too so stay in school kids live a clean
life yeah don't do drugs guys then to
end the night oh yeah I'm uploading at
the campus where I always upload it's a
public parking lot there's nothing about
trespassing I go there every single day
and upload and as I'm uploading I just
finished I was about to close my laptop
and a cop roars in an SUV cop lights on
me double spotlights like ready and I
was like what is going on
and I was like looking all around then I
turn over and he's like knocking on my
window at the light I was like oh I was
like everyone go down I'm like you
scared me
oh my goodness then he was asking me
what are you doing here like what's
going on I was like I'm uploading a
video to YouTube he's like no what do
you oh yeah like ah Shahriyar I think oh
really the Internet's best here like
it's a great place to upload I do it
every single day so well let me see some
ID we'll start running my ID on the
radio checking to make sure my address
is right like finding anything to bust
me and I'm sitting there like I'm sorry
if I'm acting weird you scared me and
then I told him what else happened today
and he was like oh that was you oh
that's a crazy day
I feel like Sam's me sleepwalking
tonight probably I feel like you're
gonna be asleep on stressful
days or Dade's where he's been traveling
a lot he always sleepwalks and it freaks
me out because he's always like we're
telling where's no like trying to fight
Noah
yeah blasphemous left walk he was like
opening our bedroom door like looking
out like down the stairs looking for
playlist live in DC yeah I slept like
and I would look for Noah yeah because I
was like I gotta take care of him and he
wasn't there he wasn't there it's cute
anyways that's what happened today
now I'm wrapping up tonight with some 16
calorie pack of strawberry dipped in
cocoa on the positive note Noah said
Jesus today yeah today he just pointed
out a painting videos is art however
babies would say yes I almost thought
League's abuses I wasn't there for the
first time in just like you would not
believe what happened she's like so we
went to another painting behind this and
she's like what is that and it was
happen to be Jesus again definitely
pointed out you this a few times walking
around the halls we've roamed the halls
a lot because he's wild but it was crazy
cause it was like a painting of Jesus
was like a little boy or whatever like a
kid I think he's dying see him did not
believe it until he said it right in
front of him too
geez remember is that
come over there you okay so we'll see
you guys tomorrow
I've learned you always have to keep
your guard up
I don't wanna say don't trust anybody
but you just always have to be aware of
your surroundings and I'm even more
aware especially now with this guy today
was kind of crazy doesn't mean we have
to be crazy we can be the ones to make
the world better a better place right we
can still be in it can still be a sweet
world
okay time for bed can you go the rocking
chair
