but kinda crazy so I'm gonna show you
guys the result but look I'm nine
percent Native American you guys don't
know how it feels to be out and you open
about being pregnant oh my goodness
ten and a half weeks now I think almost
I'll be 11 weeks on Monday so it's going
guys and I've been so sick our blogs
have been crazed all over the place but
it's because I have to like I literally
have to take a nap every single day like
it's I kind of are sneaky like we've had
the ultrasound on the fridge for the
past I don't even know like since we got
it done we've had on the fridge we
weren't sure people would doughnuts it's
been it's been that kind of sneakily
in the frame a little bit another hand
was Sam put the heartbeat of the baby in
the very beginning of one of the vlogs
for like half a second I couldn't even
tell so I knew no one would get that one
because it's like the straight sound
just like the beat to the stranger
things song
and then just me complaining about being
tired all the time was kind of another
hand just having to take naps
I'm Peter takes naps which I never used
to do oh my god but literally this baby
oh my gosh hasn't stuck in the way of me
and so have these two been so sick I
kind of think it's a boy only because of
how sick I've been like I was only this
sick with Noah PJ was nice to me she
cheated Mitch I was only sick like a one
day a week maybe if that like I don't
remember being like Oh like so sick but
this baby I've been throwing up a few
times which it's only post with Noah a
few times I have to eat something
constantly I've had no energy to do
anything which is like sucky I'm finally
starting to get a little bit more energy
in the mornings I've go to bed so early
at night and I have to take a nap during
the day or else like I just can't like
I'm exhausted by the end of if I can't
lay down in the middle of the day just
like I feel like a child but sounds
really great and helping me and he gets
his work done know is either with me or
down with Sam while Sam works while I
sleep and PJ sleeps there's this whole
junk that I couldn't even though we
couldn't like discuss like why I wasn't
picking up the camera to film and stuff
that's because I literally couldn't
because I've been so well right now baby
thank goodness at me I could handle
twins and I was shocked so you'll see in
Sam we have clips of me finding out
wanna Canali we're over and she's like
just take a test no like no I'm gonna
start my periods like any day and she's
like just take it for peace of mind and
I when hundred percent thought it would
be negative and it was blaringly
positive like so positive and I wasn't
even that may days late for my period so
I was like yep there's definitely a baby
in there so I was in shock super in
shock like I don't act
when I first felt fine when I first
found out was program because I was just
like this can be happen like I was like
literally in shock
this baby is meant to be in our family
right now are you eating all the popcorn
yeah okay but the thing I mean the most
excited talking about was I got my
ancestry testing back I didn't mind
through the website 23andme
I just heard good things about it my mom
had done hers through ancestry.com but I
just was more drawn to 23andme I don't
know why so Sam got it for me for my
birthday
as most guys know people have been
asking what do you know do not get your
results a result I finally did any guys
it's a kind of crazy my results are
crazy so I'm mostly European which I
thought because my mom is basically all
European and my dad is a lot of Southern
European so I kind of figured I'd be
European because my dad's family moved
like they migrated or emigrated one of
them from Italy to Argentina where my
dad was born so I knew he was he had to
be like European but it's kind of crazy
so I'm gonna show you guys the result
because I think it's fascinating and I
can also say that I am Korean and I'm
Jewish and I am okay let me just show
you okay so when you get your results
you get a little map okay look I'm
almost on every single continent look at
this isn't that insane okay so I'm
mostly European which I thought
Northwestern European my mom is
basically Irish and British so all of
that from her but look I'm French and
German and just a lot of so when they do
broadly Northwestern European I didn't
know what that meant it just means that
there I'm a lot of like I'm 13% of
different countries that I don't even I
all I know and then I'm Southern
European but look I'm only 8% Italian
and then just broadly southern Europeans
I wish they would decipher that more
like what 17% is I don't know if you
guys have any idea what these broadly I
try to look it up on because I you can
like ask questions on here but didn't
really give me the answer I wanted
anyways look I'm point four percent
Jewish
2% 0.2% so these percents I mean it's a
barely anything but it's pretty cool
anyway look guys East Asian and Native
American so my whole life my mom told us
we were Native American but my mom's
test said she had zero Native American
but look I'm nine percent Native
American which is kind of crazy and look
at 0.1% Korean hey even though it's
point one percent not even a full
percent not even nothing I can still say
that I have some Korean in me and then
Middle Eastern and North African you
guys look at point two percent North
African 0.3 percent Middle Eastern so I
mean point five percent really isn't
anything but that's still pretty freakin
cool
so that's my test I don't really know
what else but I just thought you guys
would think that's interesting because I
thought it was super interesting so let
me know if you guys have dining your if
you guys have done ancestry testing and
if you if you were kind of like blown
away by what it said because I was
traveling away I thought it would just
be like European and like Italian but
there were some other stuff in there
which was kind of cool christmas came
early for mama I told Sam okay Sam said
that he was gonna get a room back and I
said no excuse me for Christmas like I
would love that for Christmas he says no
we need it now before the holidays I
said no wait so I'm really honestly
thought he's gonna wait until Christmas
but I should have just figured you know
Sam no he wouldn't wait til Christmas
and we now have a room and I'm really
excited you can't tell we tried to put
it by all the mess over here which is
why we want a room but because if you
can tell nella P strikes every single
day all day long every meal this is what
our table looks like under and I'm
vacuuming every single day yeah so that
has just been the bright side of the
No you don't dare hit my Roomba I'll
have him get you look he's playing he's
playing hockey a rumba plays hockey get
those two leaves you missed room buddy
you missed those two leaves right there
where are you going you missed a spot
you drive me more crazy than your
brother ever drills me how is that
possible how is it possible for this
cute face to drive me insane
did you eat both our chicken necks are
you hiding one over here gieux hunt went
over here No okay so much
nothing is breakable except for the
little people
she won't reach those but uh yes and now
I need to find my little Santa dancing
one because I could not find it it's
making me really sad but it's really fun
that this is never gonna be where I put
my village no touching please okay he's
fragile okay we got the whole gang we're
heading to Noah's little trophy ceremony
thinking all day Babur think 800
calories steps I got got pretty weird
yes my parents are flying right now to
here and we're so excited we're so
excited no was telling us all the way to
the store how excited he was gonna be
here for a week of Thanksgiving second
so what is this we're going to your
soccer ceremony the best part of the
season is getting that trophy and what
color hair did you go with red why'd you
go a thread no red pink it was pink way
to turn your hair red get your picture
taken - with the team okay are you gonna
play future how is it you like it back
there people probably didn't even think
we had an extra row of seats but we do
we just usually are down because
check everything back there but stuff
back there but that's one of the reasons
why we got this car is because we only
saw ourselves having more than two kids
so now we're gonna go pick up my parents
at the airport knows back there
what baby okay yeah and these this
middle row like you can adjust like it
moves forward and back so I just pushed
the fetch air front there's a little
more space back there we just had a
little soccer trophy what where's your
trophy um he didn't want to take the
group picture as you saw I filmed a
little bit of it cuz I thought he would
actually smile home didn't like take the
picture without him he hardly played
anyway he's gotten your very first game
yeah really really actually went to play
are you gonna play next Noah
they are you actually gonna play play
he's only three he can wait a little bit
although I think you really would love
to but he's just in a weird phase right
now where he hates attention doesn't
like people looking at him doesn't like
being by himself so I don't think he
would enjoy walking up to the team by
himself hit the ball
maybe I should simulate again just like
been our lead everybody grab me papa
how to bring its trophy look at her face
yep the broken green
whew tasty here was the team support all
right hello PJ PJ you know are you so
happy
anybody in this car named Noah gray Sam
sorta got his dad suckered in the B are
the coolest technology of the past yeah
the past 10 years so I gotta have rarely
try it
he didn't even want to an Indian let's
go to the VR first thing in point is the
light dad why yes what how is it so far
how is it so far so it's it's it's
strange
so I originally got this for a brain
integration but I ended up not using it
for it just in relation fit in with
everything but we've been having some
fun with it I haven't used it since
dejan was here it's just been super busy
but we're gonna play some games and oh
yeah this is amazing this is amazing
here does it feel like you're somewhere
else yeah okay that somebody's it's like
a beer call yeah Kenard yeah I think
this is one of the coolest parts of your
at this part right here you make a
little dart gun and like shooting it for
the first time is incredible Maisie
what'd you say it's amazing I told you
okay grab the gun grab the gun yeah oh
yeah shoot the targets oh oh yeah isn't
that wild
yes okay are you busy no when you lay
you're gonna be like we're gonna go you
guys can go to bed
I won't even see you wouldn't see you
what is that Hey yeah we just played a
beer for two hours
was it two hours man we got lost
yeah I was trying to get my dad to try
this and he was a little you know tired
obviously but no what do you think oh
it's great it's amazing amazing do you
feel like that would be good for people
in your dentist's chair like you said
yeah but watching you set it up it's a
little so with the owner there so you
just put it on yeah and they're creating
a new headset that the sensors are built
into it so you don't have to all that
yeah that's might be good out of town
what are you rated oh definitely attend
for for now yeah time cannot attend it's
amazing yeah if there's like a this
isn't a brain do anything no but I know
like some moles have kiosks or something
with it you guys have to try this out
because it's so immersive you get lost
in it we were flying around looking for
my sister's place in New York on Google
Earth we did the job simulator a
simulated having an office job unreal
ten outta ten yeah
this stuff is awesome
