good my sweet roll my name is ponyo and
i am from indonesia and you are watching
sanika flocks peas nothing looking at me
hey I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you
hey Noah boom I'm gonna get you please
to the copy he's doing Buckethead cuz uh
I currently look like this I entertain a
one-year-old well dad fell asleep
watching football every word that bucket
on your head kid currently my friend
Kelly is in a car which between us to do
well she's the coolest job ever
seriously has the coolest job ever she
so we could have gone to the US to do a
concert tonight but we didn't find a
babysitter on time Lola ready I'm gonna
get you I can't get you I feel trapped
in this Noah help me I'm trapped Hey
look at him trying to calm you I'm gonna
get you all see if there's any boogers
his nose
wow so beautiful you can't get me oh no
your nose did you cut your nose on that
bucket haha okay it's game day baby it's
same date and we're heading over to our
friends house oh no they don't seem in a
while we're excited to see Jackie Karen
and his family should be been having a
baby they're having a baby well the same
time as us we're actually we're going to
watch the aggies vs washington huskies
we're supposed to be in seattle this
weekend at the game at the game but we
decided to sit it out because we've been
traveling there too much we need a
little break all those traveling
supposed to be the break sometimes right
like you travel for fun when it's a
quick trip though and you have kids
everyone that has kids either jams more
of a burden unfortunately no it's like
once you get there you're good right
it's just the traveling day the
traveling home day yeah are the worst
days and we're like so it's okay we wish
were there with our friends but they're
having a good time so we're gonna go see
some other friends and have a good time
to have a white grape and it made juice
star design juice boxes and I think we
drink more than he does why is
everything better when it's in like a
box right did you spot if we had the
container of this I don't think you
drink it I would know des I drink it but
for some reason is just better when it's
limited in the boxer just now this is
good tasty amount of juice the trillion
anyway no is happy kind of little bit of
a day Noah's on this little biking let's
just keep going down the driveway you
can do it I have any crashes into the
car I mean do you think he just wants to
steer that way yeah charging down he
wants to keep doing it yeah I think you
could look at this beautiful beautiful
mother too beautiful so excited Wow look
at the sun's just like glowing on you
it's my so magical oh yes it's the
maternity clothes but that's a real
thing though I really I don't believe it
pregnancy glue I've not see it on myself
I do I only see the glow but I'm wearing
makeup and I know it's bronzer literally
it's my brawn it's my bronzer it's not
my face I don't want to be ready George
you don't like wearing shorts I think
you look cool in shorts it's not what I
where exactly back inside to watch the
game all right a plaid shirt and like
dress shoes you're a cool dude this kids
a hip-hop dancer he's a hip-hop dancer
let's see some moves Jaden yes yeah we
get some dance moves hmm ok no Olivia's
hip-hop dancing you love to dance watch
out they are yeah seriously
Oh what do you got Noah no he's like
there's a skateboard dad Oh Karen don't
die down the hill right no okay I was
honestly a little scared for you for a
second I thought you're ready to go like
right off the end Oh seriously a penny
boarding huh Oh Charmander this little
sleepy boys being so cute we were before
but he likes playing with someone so you
came over and we were playing cars while
they're a basketball game was on and
then Sam went over got a car and then
they've just been sitting here playing
cars together I think that's maybe my
favorite ad you read that has is that he
wants everyone to be included seriously
I know so like hand his car over to me
like if I put this away he'll like hand
me I really well he'll hand me his car
that he loves so that all play and then
he'll look this just happened then he'll
go get another one I don't know I'm
wonder though if when he does have
moments where he needs to play by
himself with you will though manita
sometimes go back there and play by
himself but he'd rather like share yes
car he was playing with it's like oh
I'll go get one cuz on it later you did
yeah i mean he's starting to make car
noises uh-huh hmm yeah nice it's like
you i feel like that's something i think
he takes that after you babe yes
seriously seriously that's my appear
here Wow cars
cars it'll be good though with his the
new baby he'll want to play with the new
baby with a new baby I think so wise
you're gonna have another sibling now he
doesn't realize it but it's really cute
because talk to your neighbor she has a
little girl and Noah if he sees her
always tries to like hug her Hey Jude
yeah and like any kid teaches kids he's
like danza hug go and play with them
present alts he like I know but went
with Ava but with Ava like he like over
enjoy kiss her feet in style yes he's
done that he's tried to give her kisses
and it's so cute hello big brother I
love you guys were asking to see my
belly belly but i want it i don't know
if it's really a bump yet i'd say it's
the awkward donuts about how much you
mean that day it does no it gets bigger
as the night goes on just music I don't
know maybe I'll wait what's just to show
you guys my stomach until it's an actual
stomach because i did over i just
cancelled yeah i just ate dinner and
it's kind of just a little we already
feel your global I do so I mean there's
a little late a little bump which is fun
whoa that car's fast
oh I'm so tired today I think we're all
tired and i know i was tired yeah i was
tired with Noah but I was in school so I
think that kind of distracted me feel
like this pregnancy has been so far like
completely different than Noah's let's
see yeah I'm way less click ok this is
what I had a conversation with my friend
today because they're pregnant too some
people say that like more sick means you
having a boy uh-huh somebody was a more
signature having a girl right what is
the real I mean it's pretty even it
hyper everyone reacts differently their
body reacts to the baby I feel like it
goes either way you can be sticking
through there one what are you the most
sick with twins feel like you have more
than one like a round-shaped belly I
mean obviously I don't have that big
bump right now that's usually a boy and
then football shape is like a girl for
opposite like people i think opposite
well anyways sign up with Millie oh I
know they're having without even more
like people say boys are lower and girls
are higher but I think everyone's body
is different and you're just gonna have
we're gonna have and then most like you
put in there yeah I think he was just
pooping oh I'm not changing that one I
can't I just had dinner and I will but
free happen don't sway the space thank
you he's dad's gonna change bomb no more
babe no more that's somewhere spray Noah
has a really poopy diaper and I said sim
has to change that one cuz I changed
when already today and it made me wanna
barf it came down like this Memphis trip
for it's me is that funny Noah oh you
just move always the poop more baby put
the lower flap over your mouth to tuck
it under your nose yeah picking up that
damn nice bull we just like this ninject
know it's like a way what's that hey put
your face in no doesn't want to be a
ninja now fine bird the neck your head
goes through funny and then you're on
vaca your ninja
nobody's afraid of you oh when I Singh
Rana partner he is like I feel like you
are a very rare then do think you like
Disneyland oh okay ninja be the ninja of
diaper changes Oh scary Oh stinky oh
it's a kid he's forming a mouth a wet
spot where is not from the stinky its
first so close to his face no also hates
it he runs away look he runs away now
for diaper changes he knows you see
let's go let's go no he's a runaway
where the wipes come on stinky bum
Jamie's yeah yeah look at me ninjaman
gonna get you no no no you're gonna try
to dig fast you I'm just hitting flashes
of high school Sam oh my gosh very crazy
this like bottom wash spray is life with
dirty diapers yeah it disguises smell a
little bit and it makes it so much
easier to wipe and I we got it a little
while ago and I want it more when I run
out because it saves us Sam just got
back from the store to get some
groceries for tomorrow for dinner and he
bought some popcorn we literally have
not bought popcorn and how long going in
a couple years two years well yeah I've
had like bits and pieces but I got super
sick
went to a movie one night and I had
popcorn yeah and I blamed it on that
uh-huh we have not bought popcorn since
that time one of our favorite good for
you my god allah pretty good okay i lied
we bought like the bag please block the
bag popcorn like healthy pop stuff like
that but not like real microwave popcorn
drinks at white rock for every and what
is quantity no just to make three
minutes to knock let's just do to
inhabit this announces you just pop it
into this and now you just you just cook
it do three minutes they'll pull it out
when it stops six bags 17 ounces what is
this how many out those iron how do you
like will it take to get the center of a
tootsie pop it's not a lot easier to
open one time I got one of these like
cut it open nope oh I think mine got a
little extra that's okay I like it
that's fine for those of you wondering
also a lot of you have been wanting to
know some pregnant weddings I like prey
um cravings my number one cravings Kevin
watermelon less than B yeah watermelon
is like number one pitbull joe says any
watermelon listen to pitbull no I want
to do is eat watermelon and rice cakes
I've always loved rice cakes but I just
like want to eat rice cakes all day long
and nothing weird yet I haven't craved
I've stopped craving things that
crackers launched juice watermelon and
rice cakes that's it for today what do
you guys think about all those different
things like round babies football-shaped
babies extra sick just a little bit sick
is any of that stuff true if you've had
a baby what have you experienced see ya
tomorrow
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood she
sleeps like a Disney Princess oh hello
hello I've your hands like that why just
like oh look at me I'm sleeping like a
princess turd
