good morning say good morning sweet
world
good morning can you say anything no not
even a touchdown good morning guys we
are hanging out this morning just woke
up watching a little bit of cartoons
having some breakfast no one loves
wearing his jacket now this little
winter fall jacket whenever he's awake
sometimes he just goes and grabs it
brings it to me like this ah dad put
this on first hanging out do you want to
get off now sometimes he wants to take
it off - all right now the jackets off
how you feel mm-hmm yeah we're in that
stage of life right now where
communication sometimes consists of a
lot of you're like it's going on what do
you get when you gonna learn how to talk
huh I expect full sentence out of you by
tomorrow
hey see he's probably just constipated
no no I was a pretty good communicator
he's good at pointing saying please
thank you and more and all that but the
day we can actually talk will be the day
we're like man I wish you could never
talk as you won't stink and shut your
mouth but yeah I having a good little
morning I think maybe maybe not I'm
bored of cartoons I can only take like
30 minutes to get a treat for Mom are
you tired dude you look tired the Eddie
get out of the house we're getting bored
let's see what kind of flowers there for
mom I get flowers for Mom
let's see
which ones you like
which once we can take those ones make
those ones which way you decide that one
you like that one
get rekt dude I know you're tired but we
did it
high five high five
one more nice get a butt
guys it's kind of bad but on the weekend
sometimes I'm all about treating
yourself and today today's beginning of
the weekend so we have flowers we've
been out having some fun this morning no
and I just got some chick-fil-a and now
we're gonna go bring you out back to mom
so she'll have a great step toward a oh
I thought you had fallen asleep on me
you're still awake
nice let's go party look Noah a nice
nutritional breakfast just for Mom
hey at least we got words you see one
all that for me you can't drink it all
we're gonna bring it to mom in bed okay
let's go I need you to help me get up
the door Kiyomi grab the door you open
it for me good job let's go let's go
yeah happy weekend nutritional breakfast
no where's the orange juice you had one
job where's the orange juice he's left
it right here
good day to all of you beautiful people
out there now and I go a little walk
these up with walks in this pool Walker
I hope I can finally admit
taking naps with him every day like I
have been napping when he napped
glorious to feel like I can get pregnant
before I be like oh I can't I need to
get stuff done but now I'm like I'm
creating life I can tell you that right
all right I think we want to check out
the Parade of Homes because that's going
on in Cache Valley right now but I know
that cost money I hope it doesn't open
just like go and check out the houses it
seems kind of cool actually such a nice
all day it was a little bit cooler
earlier still kind of cool out it's like
beautiful but it's not hot which I love
I love these days where it's like so
sunny and nice but like brisk the girl
said I miss congeniality September I
remember the day she said say not too
hot not too cold
all you need is a nice sweater yeah I
like me a lot go to the park let them
run around a bit oh you got yeah ha ha
oh you got me have I mentioned how
awesome my wife is we just took another
picture which meant more confetti which
means we're cleaning up some more
that ticklish Noah
that money dear one thing you're dancing
you're dancing
music and I love this for you yeah
me
both of you guys on your toys needs
recharge
you're gonna make him go so fast looks
like you guys are both riding off into
the Sun I can't see if you can see him
son so great oh my goodness
we can go so fast
there we go dad I got my phone in my
hand hold on yes
ah you once ran me over and now you want
to push it a good push in you things are
from here all the way through the house
is over there path Street no like past
the street for the concrete array
seriously yeah okay okay go oh wow wow
it's so pretty out look at the trees are
changing in the mountains guys the trees
are all turning red I don't know if
he'll go to tell look at that so pretty
so pretty so pretty my line okay he's
over there
haha that as far as you can throw it
shakes his head no show off he's showing
off no this one's a put the foot bond in
the hole
he's just been walking around holding
this inflatable hoop the entire time go
make a hoop he carries it with him put
in don't get in but see your turn
he's wants to carry it there you go he
wishes the ball would stay in there but
it doesn't know was big and squishy
it was basket like he can't pick it up
Tony but he thinks it stays in there so
cute good job okay let's see Jay I can
do this no ready barely missed that's it
for today fall is upon us I've already
got my jacket on it's starting to feel
warmer Jen any baby names
you know picked out oh we just threw
that up no idea I know uh idea ah
remember that yeah we know
more that's kind of true I actually have
a name that I like yes I do have a name
that was on my list last time everyone
was a girl and you didn't like it yeah
Nepal ever say what it is that we'll see
we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see
we'll see alright Sierra please
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood who has this game
Super Mario maker it's pretty sweet I
love how it encourages kids to get
creative I really like this - cuz it's
like super nostalgic these are the games
that we played as kids growing up it's
freaking sweet
