what's up YouTube fam we are now in
present day vlogs were caught up it
feels kind of weird we're back back in
prison day I wanted to thank you guys
all for all your positivity all your
nice comments it's amazing to have this
support Jen and I were excited and you
guys make us even more excited it's such
a blessing to have everything go well so
far and we're just continuing to pray
that the pregnancy goes well so thanks
guys for being there for us secondly I
wanted to bring this up I actually got
my shirt I've been wearing it off and on
the past couple days I loved it I was
though however kind of disappointed
because the shirt that I had received
was not a next-level shirt like we
selected and then I liked it some of
your as tweets and I noticed that the
same thing happened to you guys and I
was like whoa what happened that wasn't
the type of shirt that we had so I sent
the company an email that made all of
these and I said guys hello got to take
care of my youtube fam what's going on
it looks like he has sent a bunch of
people the wrong material though this is
nice like I love the shirt but it wasn't
the one we chose I was like that's kinda
messed up and they got back to me today
and they said that they are gonna send
new shirts to every single person that
got a shirt with Optima on it the
heather gray ones are the only ones that
I saw that had that so although they
messed up super grateful that they're
making up for it so those of you that
got a shirt like this will actually have
two shirts now which is kind of cool it
makes me happy that when companies mess
up they're able to fix it
and so it's kind of like a win-win
situation for you guys because they love
t-shirts and you can give one to a
friend or family member or you can wear
both of them yourself
have to do laundry less I'm not sure
anyways I think that would be coming to
you guys in a week or so I didn't bring
it up until now because I wanted to fix
it I was like this is messed up so I'm
happy that they did that for us good
morning sweet world my name is Rachel
and congratulations Sam and Jenica on
your pregnancy you were now watching
stomach growls
peace do you like the rain he's just
standing in the rain do you like that
eternal rain dance cold Oh
like wait why is there all these dots on
the ground why are all these dots on the
ground
you like that whoa
another very stormy day look at those
rain clouds look at all those rain
clouds where you going come back it's
raining let's get the river no come back
over here come back over here I can see
you over cold rain I'm standing over
here thank you
I don't know why he wants me in this
right because it is cold out here
well here comes he's about to freak out
now no but I'm sorry it's raining
we can't go out there in the rain some
his eyes in the sky
no what's that that he can't go out and
make it so cold the furnace no we did it
yes you did he serves as a touchdown oh
it was fit again Oh touched it yeah whoa
here we go here it goes
wait y'all on the tee is he gonna get in
the tea is he gonna get oh my goodness
whoa whoa Oh Oh is he here he goes Oh
beast mode Marshawn Lynch this is the
beast mode play Beast quake ready boom
Oh touchdown
when your daddy goes yes no he did he
seriously did he said that I'm just
sitting here and the guys go he goes
touchdown does he seriously been serious
you said it early what what did you say
touchdown
he doesn't say he's like barely says any
like win silver words and then if there
was out of that he's like oh I was like
my child will not play football my child
will not play football
he's probably in place that's a cracker
he's a little obsessed
I think he's most obsessed with football
lately if it's on TV whoa like
basketball when I was on TV though - and
he likes throwing balls No
he really football he's literally he'll
he will watch this until it's done
he thinks it's so fascinating don't
touch ya be better she said you want a
meeting football you say more you want
more football use anymore no more what
amazing q thank you Jesus turtle isn't
stiff eventually what was that Noah
I just put football back on maybe for
you city goes he's like did is touchdown
I feel just like leave it rolling on him
they know there it is
touchdown this is kid side touchdown
touchdown yes what what is that what
does that mean ah toddlers first real
words
touchdown not mom no you could care less
about saying mom you're trying to go
blue right there
all the gentleman viewers how you get
the girls taking the take for rat on a
tag take a kid to the mall and then read
around on the tiger yeah he wanted to
get on but I don't know how excited he
is he's right he's trying to get off
well David insisted that we took him to
the mall so could ride the tiger around
we had nothing to do with Noah
Oh
they see me rollin they hatin but
trolling they tryna catch me ridin dirty
I get me riding dirt edge and it gives
me ridin dirty it's me about him dirty
MA music so loud they hatin patrolling
they tryna catch me ridin dirty all you
uncle's out there and feature uncle's to
be take notice how you be a good fun
uncle Noah's not feeling too well today
he actually learned what to do with the
Kleenex
well that's after you use it yet put it
in the garbage no do you need another
one
do you need a bowl your nose well your
nose nope in the garbage
we gave him a Kleenex because he was
like crying and use wiping away his
tears then he took the Kleenex just now
and started blowing you too like a
knight wiping his nose and then he ran
over here and just put it in a trash can
it's super cute guys I'm only 11 weeks
pregnant and I already had to find
maternity pants technically I don't have
buy them the only paints that I'm
comfortable in are the ones that are
like stretchy and it's really sad and
it's really annoying because I am
starting out a little bigger than I did
when I first got pregnant with Noah
my stomach is like already showing
already yeah hey do I have my gym
membership but it's like really hard to
stay motivated but I will i'll stay
motivated about my list on the on the
fridge of the times to go to tomorrow
tomorrow this is a class because i
wouldnt got these spicy things to try
hopping in a sonic took him like 20
minutes to make Oh seriously they're in
the drive-through and they were like the
hottest wings I've ever had from
something literally nothing has ever
been too hot for Sam but those wings
were too hot for her to get a good P I
get milk
and he was like freaking I think I feel
my tongue I feel my tongue he's Bernie
you're like pacing around the kitchen
who's never never like whoa hot so maybe
they mean extra hot bench
yeah habanero three pepper wait yes so
I'm supposed to in my class tonight but
missed it because of hey oh I think I
forgot I did forget until we are in line
I will go and I will not blow up too
soon you guys you know that was the best
part you were like oh how that I look at
it but Jen does look pregnant like look
at the pictures in there no no no and
I'm sure you're just like oh thanks guys
but I am bigger than I was with Noah I
am in like non pregnant pregnant body
form
like I'm a little bigger which is okay I
should get my bundage in stay active
because it makes me feel better
hi oh wow you shaved now you don't look
like you're Japanese doppelganger
shoutout to Harry's hey now you don't
have like your Japanese doppelganger
because he had a little look I probably
given more like I live no this morning I
was trying to put him down for nap and
my face barely touched his he was
knocked out cold and naasson he was like
good and welcome up altered I know even
taking that tickle it's probably more
pokey than ticklish she was like
giggling sorry PS whoever tweeted I
can't retreated me but someone tweeted
me a picture of a Japanese doppelganger
of David it's this way is also the
streamys oh yeah and you guys probably
already saw it if you watched it but
shaycarl is wearing freakin sweet shoes
tonight oh yeah he's got Miami on his
feet because he's Weber and he oh oh are
you guys pregnant oh my gosh what
tell me you're in the video lame-o I
know you're walking ahead that's it for
today Samir comments lately have been
hilarious one of my favorites was the
pink dog or blue dog what are we gonna
have a blur go we don't know yet there's
actually like an option to find out now
you do a blood test to test for other
things which then also reveals if it's a
boy or girl I'm not sure if we're gonna
do that we might just wait till a couple
more weeks or whatever it is when we do
find out the due date is roughly April
7th it's pretty cool because me and my
sister are gonna be the same exact time
apart as Noah and his sibling to be we
couldn't be happier because this is
exactly how he envisioned our family we
wanted them to be just about two years
apart and it just so happens to be
happening that way it's pretty cool
that's something that Jenna and I talked
about years ago have recently brought up
again since we had no were like all
right it's just the right time and it's
pretty awesome anyways we'll see you
guys tomorrow
love you hope you have a wonderful
weekend wonderful wonderful wonderful
peace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood for those of you
that didn't get shirts Tyler
snapped at Tyler is actually working on
a design this week and as soon as it's
ready I'll reveal to you guys and I hope
you guys like it
from what I told him to make I think he
as well they'll be good till tomorrow
