today's a big day haven't been feeling
too well but you know what neither has
Jen Jen has been feeling probably 10
times worse than I have and their
appetite is like come and gone today she
said she felt like breakfast I was like
I'm gonna go get you some McDonald's
breakfast and have a fun little
breakfast before we go and see a little
baby sleep last night
Wow I can't believe this is happening
we're on our way to somewhere very
exciting ultrasound very weird I can't
we were like singing on camera
we still haven't told Noah told Noah
unless he's listening right now but we
really haven't even like the sound down
and tell me it's kind of crazy I'm
really excited
the last time we saw our first doctor
going to it was Noah in my tummy and he
never got to be no because he didn't end
up delivering no cuz we moved so I'm
excited for him to meet Noah and to now
see a new baby in my tummy I'm kind of
nervous nervous of the first one just
cuz
looks good you have no clue what's going
on today huh one day we'll look back at
this and be like wow look how big no
list okay let's go you make me something
what's in the microwave
hate women I quit well we are without
child now because Noah was acting crazy
it's been an hour since we've been here
the life of a doctor sometimes you have
to deliver babies yeah that's crazy
who would have thunk we brought Noah
with so that he can meet our doctor
because he was actually in a deliver
Noah initially but he didn't so we're
like oh it'd be fun to introduce him to
Noah he was being crazy so daehan's
playing with him right now and hanging
out well played Sammy
TJ blogtv cucumber and juice after then
slate I'm speculating things here
someone's noticed my subtle hints have
been very sorry I've been trying to hint
to you guys what's been going on because
we've been keeping this a secret
for a couple months a few moments later
length earshot legs come off
yeah it's really happening
10 look at that oh you can see the
entire baby I know my mentor in the
camera off he started he back I want to
turn the camera off the baby has started
moving a lot I remember with Noah's
first ultrasound he was moving that time
but he's also a couple weeks further
along faith Missy ready oh look at that
little face
last time we find out we have the same
exact lunch doing it again we're coming
home and seeing a babysitter day hon
taking well no and puppy for a little
ride he's so tired tomorrow behind the
scenes of the sanika 100k dance party
video
Kyler's dancing David look like a freak
now with your dress
they border back no one's a little tired
to me we got good dancing good to go in
fact this is our first-ever 104 summer
dance party with Noah as a child and not
in my belly most of them we have 1020 K
he was still my stomach so I love you
shout out those girls at chick-fil-a hey
Aaron and Brooke you guys are that
because that all that free chick-fil-a
today just like that I think just kids
one of us favorite foods is avocado yeah
you like I would kind of a lot he's
literally eating a whole avocado tonight
Jimmy and we keep thinking you think
guys it's a crazy
we're gonna keep thinking he keeps okay
he literally keep saying guys guys guys
and so cute hey I'm a chicken it's
rotisserie chicken and mashed potatoes
kind of night yep this is how Sam it's
the video this is a new ensemble I think
he forgot how much he loved his onesie
in the video you look very cute look
like you're ready for Christmas I like
you and that onesie makes your butt look
good I'm 11 weeks pregnant and yeah I've
been pregnant since VidCon since right
after VidCon which is kind of funny so a
lot of conventions I met allows you at I
was pregnant
and you had no idea I'm only just
starting to feel sick with Noah I was
sick like six weeks to like 15 weeks or
something crazy but I'm like it's time
crazy that sounding exact really it was
like six weeks to 13 weeks and I had
headaches and with this one I honestly
haven't felt sick at all until like
recently I get like little waves
some days are deafened by than others
some days I'm like like the other day oh
I felt sick the whole day so I'm kind of
lucky in the fact that I haven't felt
too bad which is nice this kid
doesn't really know what's going on he's
trying to steal my orange juice it's
kind of crazy and exciting and Noah and
the new baby will be about two years
apart a little less than two years apart
so we kind of thought two years to be a
good good gap yeah we're excited for him
to be a big brother I honestly thought
it would be hilarious if we didn't say
anything at all and then just like all
of a sudden I have a huge belly I
thought it'd be so funny do not even
like announce it but we decided to
announce it and you'll be easier to vlog
anyway cuz since I haven't been feeling
so great and we haven't had too much
content and because it was like what do
you talk about it's like this is our
life right now I'm sick and pretty yeah
we decide to just throw a little sneaky
sneak peak at the end of the dance video
so it's kind of fun I love that we kind
of chose not to acknowledge any of your
tweets and comments would be funny and
it was pretty funny everything this
better not be a joke and don't worry
guys it's not it's real it's for reals
this boy is like trying to steal my
orange juice he a yogurt
he ate almost all of his banana and then
he was stealing my cereal and I are
stealing my juice homie is that yours or
mine can you say more please that's how
he does please
another new crazy adventure hey here we
go
bourbon number two wait darling
yep although I already know Noah's gonna
be a good big brother cuz he just loves
to hug and cuddle and be with friends
and Noah's age gap and the new baby will
be about what Noah is to tayo kkuk
sighted is their baby mommy's tummy I
know you want juice is there a baby
mommy's tummy this is all you can think
about no you know dirty fingers say I'm
gonna take Noah this store with him it's
a little outing while I know well I like
shower
two hours later thanks called feels like
winter out here no it doesn't really
love his above's but he's like decked
out it looks like a Bears fan he's had
those gloves and hat since last winter
his gloves in his hat he's not a fan of
gloves though they'll leave a mind leave
a mind it's too cold
yeah see you got some finger ones he
needs some finger ones but man is cold
how are you guys playing out here it's
cold
we're just riding around knows getting a
little better at walking there's a
little trike breeze pretty slow stills
there they go
little best friend squad is no away one
of the cars alright thank you one
strawberry banana with special requested
vanilla wafers on the inside coming
right up
hands are full
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
