all right it's the middle of the night I
think Jen's asleep whew
well losing bad come on I'm nervous
you guys I'm really nervous
fen went upstairs to get something and
he's bringing it back down right now I'm
really nervous
my heart's pounding only can it's not
goodbye forever it's inside the package
no it's been like the wrapper by the
sink it's ready now you'll be able to
tell I don't know what I'm looking for a
blue line is what you're looking for I
got a Brethren
please I'm nervous you did this to me I
was like half awake I know what's unfair
never it was like it was a blue line
okay just look at it Budhan to blue like
a blue line and then another circle the
blue line yeah where it's bad thing
just open it please just open it pull it
all the way out seriously
mmm-hmm oh my gosh that's like super
faint though but put there's a line
there last month when I took one there
was no line oh I really thought doesn't
mean egative I just didn't think it was
gonna happen this month oh my gosh
positive I love you I wanna do oh my
goodness he's gonna be a big brother
this is business real life I feel like
oh I'll take them to the new one I was
thinking this week I was thinking about
this a lot like I was thinking about it
so much
about Noah nine months from some right
now he'll be almost two years old I'm
like shaking I'm like generally shaking
I can't believe it
I was like setting myself up for a
negative test last month is negative we
went to Walgreens yesterday and Jen
basically said hey let's get another
pregnancy test but if I'm not pregnant
I'll be super disappointed because first
month went by and then didn't didn't
happen Golan with Noah was like boom
first try right so I was like oh it
might take a little longer if it did
happen this month and I'd be like okay
it's just not the right time when we
wait a little while oh my gosh
I honestly I do not think it was gonna
be positive like I'm serious is it
seriously happy right now are you
kidding me so of you oh because these
are right these are always right right I
know like maybe I should not listen to
the digital one last time our birthdays
from the April May June and July
uh-oh I wanna cry Jed I think I want to
cry I don't believe this Oh going to
Walmart I'm gonna go get electronic
pregnancy test and see if this is legit
it's 12:15 a.m. Walmart after 12 o'clock
is always kind of interesting so
all right I just bought the test I'm
gonna bring it back I'm also gonna have
this in my pocket
Jen's gonna kill me if I use this but if
that's as positive and that were
pregnant it's something to celebrate
I can be pleased I don't want to look at
it you look at it I'm not really naughty
negative
what to say this is negative don't say
good morning yeah but you Pete three
times in the bestower yeah I know I'm
not okay
I knew it was missing later though it
took so long this reusable lipstick
little bit for the reset button wow I
just thought of a new invention it's the
next morning so you use first morning
here
no tea about this case look at me it's
legit I am I'm freaking out right now
why sugar cake Oh kill yo fam it's a
goose Mackey
oh I got that last night to celebrate
thank you fridge now pregnancy good are
you serious yeah stop it Zeus are you
serious yeah for Noah's pregnancy the
only like I'm good craving a head with
cucumbers and lemon so we'll see well
baby number two oh my god how are we
gonna tell no one
go see right there so I hear like couch
mommy daddy have something to tell you
you're gonna be a big brother mommy is a
meat-eater belly right here you gotta be
a big trouble I think it's a boy or a
girl
um let's take a picture we've been
trying to figure out when we should tell
people about this because last time we
waited 12 weeks thirteen thirteen weeks
oh we're gonna wait a while till we tell
everyone I know some people are like
quick to tell everyone especially when
you blog every day I feel like if we get
to the point where you are not feeling
well right
well happy tell people well you right
now you know this good we're telling you
right now right but we're gonna go
FaceTime my mom and dad are now my dad
has been ill with some sort of sickness
has been the hospital emergency room
they don't know what's going on I know
today has been a really rough day for
him we want to brighten up his day and
give him this news dad two weeks ago
fever hey that's like when I met mom
yeah well we just wanted to call and try
and lift your spirits up because we were
thinking of you everybody's been so nice
especially yeah there
right there it says pregnant Thanks that
is great we uh go sit right there so
right here on the couch right here no
mommy and daddy have something to tell
you you're gonna be a big brother mommy
is a baby your belly right here you
gotta be a big brother I think it's a
boy or girl
on let's take a picture
no oh my gosh oh no just anyone but it
is that feeling and I'm gonna be I'm
gonna be a double good I'm gonna be an
uncle Ted where's I'm gonna be are you
kidding
you're not kidding Oh My heavens this is
surreal
surprise oh my god it's a sucker doing
with that I take it away
oh my gosh okay do we love the
Grenadiers two of us there's three boys
that'll take in the wrath of the
pregnancy pregnant woman I'm shocked I
thought you knew it was there like one
thought we were looking at it and why
would they give a sucker right now so I
took her on believe how was it up
lighting it up like what you can't look
at the picture yeah this is it
I know I just took it seriously and I
think I wasn't pregnant then I was just
getting like I was trying to my to know
it we all knew you were going to say
that we all were like she's gonna say
she knew already
well then I should have said it but I
didn't ask you like in one week man I'm
gonna come over sometime Irishman bill
direction now even though this is like
we're not gonna put this in till later
if we're like a super super early right
now only like five weeks yeah like I'm
by Nicki you picked up on something so
I'm just have to tell her to she was
like what do you mean but she's I don't
even know
oh yeah it's still it's still a secret
Andrew we told you way earlier this time
than we planned
I'm laughing the world I'm crying those
are mine give them to him
you can explain explain it open what it
is just open the box
Oh damage is awarded it out there yet
how long ago did this happen they see
that this might happen
Aaron came inside he said what's for
dinner and I was like I forgot that Jim
can't eat sushi gonna like what like
don't y'all they all in like big no I
could I forgot you are no way we're
gonna tell you earlier and then I was
like boots
that's I said I was sa Jen you should do
it for practice you didn't let me finish
my sentence
guys I got really nervous
1 2 3 ICU bodies maybe you should you go
wait wait what do you do
hey the first week of April so good
thank ya it works out with our Tony okay
Lisa she's like I hope Sam and Jin just
wait I would like either wait or do it
now - this does like Godfather Part 2
new soon yeah stumbled out always
do that to me is that it gradually
always ah
my head
you were right you were right
and also Noah is going to be a big
brother what are you kidding oh my gosh
we just play it are you kidding me oh
right away oh no that's what like feet
yeah
I've been dying to tell you guys we're
having another baby
Yoshi a lion I was there I'm serious
before the draft starts I thought I
would just tell you Jen's pregnant I'm
having another baby are you so good I'm
dead serious
so uh yeah don't tell anyone then let
the drive be kids guess who this is
yes only your favorite granddaughter
where are you I'm in Utah my house ah I
was just calling to see how you're doing
yeah
Japan are you ready to be a great
grandmother again yeah we don't know yet
would you tell what you say to Sam
Jenica we're so happy for you and that
all that practice just like other things
at large number two gets a little messy
well in the end it just feels right well
it's true
cats out of the bag having a baby we've
been keeping this a secret for over like
two months yeah - mind it's been super
hard to vlog because it's everything we
think about I know
and that night Jenna has been feeling
really sick and it's just been like and
now every day we've been recording stuff
but we can never share it so the name of
the day were like oh crap the date like
that were combined because I wasn't
feeling well didn't really film my it
was live I didn't get everyone's
reactions either
I wish I'd done better that like I told
Alan Charles that place laughs yeah I'll
he was freaking out and just that didn't
always have the camera ready but we're
excited it's happening it's happening
know how you feel about it it's gonna be
a big brother I think he's gonna be a
great big brother yeah me too he loves
kids me good big brother
you saw no idea what's going on so yeah
we actually had an ultrasound the other
day and we'll post that in our next vlog
yeah
it's a it finally feels real it does
it's like wait what does insanity know
it's crazy see yes tomorrow bye can read
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood PS all my secret
cooks lately I've been giving you guys
hints I've been giving you tonight walls
I've done all sorts of hints and no one
really picked up that was crazy you guys
need to pay more attention to the secret
clips
