the 100k dance party is a beast to edit
so I'm combining a couple of days where
we were sick and stuff with footage and
then putting that in a vlog right here
so don't get confused there's actually
separate days in this vlog tomorrow 100k
dance party get ready it's gonna be good
hi I'm Ryan from Arizona and good
morning sweet world enjoy good morning
sweet world I've spent most of the day
relaxing sleeping feeling good right now
I'm testing out office chairs good
morning sweet world Tyler doesn't have a
car so sometimes when we go on little
trips like we just went to Hobby Lobby I
actually bought an alpaca it's a
painting a picture of an alpaca wearing
glasses and then Tyler's like hey can we
swing by Staples so I can get a chair
for my office I have an office chair
that's what we're calling him that has
been falling apart for the past couple
years that I got on Black Friday I love
a good deal so maybe I'll get myself an
office chair today too but I don't think
this one it's a little expensive summer
chair event Tyler there's a summer chair
event what does this mean
what's on the other side oh wow woman
guy
three or more oh it's like three of them
leave that deal that's expensive
chairs are expensive that looks like a
very little chair but I wonder how it
feels to have big comfort if you buy
three of them it's 80 bucks so if I got
one and you got one and dejan got one
down you need an office chair trust me
little chair big comfort for 80 bucks
each yeah 80 bucks each
I think that other one's got China
oh there's tempur-pedic chairs doesn't
look doesn't like that comfy stuff okay
that's one yesterday okay for 50 bucks
you can't beat that
oh that's like super comfy you know I
need to just come in here not looking at
either prices I don't just say which
price the most comfortable what guys
that'd be perfect
dry erase crayon sorry crying no way
what the heck
what the Sherpa I'm so confused this kid
knows that if he goes to de Haan he will
give him candy without no what are you
eating candy always sneaks in handy he's
a good child he deserved it he had a
very special day today so I'm just okay
mom okay not to try this a tempurpedic
chair no do you want to try one go and
try a chair you know what got the camera
guys guess how much this chair right
here this chair it's like practically
nothing how much it costs okay
everyone post the comments we think this
chair it here okay you ready to find out
three hundred dollars two hundred ninety
nine to ninety uh my last job my chair
was actually like sounds like five
hundred dollars I didn't I didn't buy it
it was the company it's like a five
hundred dollar chair and I was always
like oh we just ate some yogurt
no likes to feed himself now although
when he feeds himself he really doesn't
get too much on the spoon just like
feeling like he's a big boy I'm still
feeling pretty but I I've been sleeping
for most of the day but right now Jen
needs to go take some photos of some
people in their crew necks like the
crewneck I'm wearing right now instead
of going with or staying back having a
good time having some boys time just ate
some yogurt and now we're gonna make
dinner as well so when Jen comes back it
will all be ready you know help me make
dinner tonight all done okay let's go
clean up okay good a skateboard dude
what are we cooking tonight Oh tonight
we are having some chicken that I
marinated last night as well as some
racer Oney lower sodium so it's not as
bad for you oh oh my goodness I was
gonna have a few laughs after we got to
wake up from her nap huh
the wedgie yeah there that's a good one
read that one while tail rates his books
okay it's really funny I think both boys
enjoy being at each other's houses or
just funny cuz Noah loves being at Danis
house in Soho here it's hilarious so
they're having a little bit of reading
time huh
yeah I see some kinda hot books up there
let me help you okay you guys gonna get
the room books you sit down to read
books together yeah that's some good
reading
it's good you guys are learning getting
smarter together huh books make you
smart huh that's good I forgot that I
bought chalk look at these masterpieces
it's looks beautiful good job great
although the rest of the concrete's wet
from rain looks beautiful guys keep
going move your feet use your feet
cool germs
hey what are you looking for dude what
are you looking for what are you looking
for excuse me
opening looking for it you like the
Chuck it's kind of fun huh do you see
any more airplanes do you hear any
lately this boy's favorite thing to do
oh oh oh did you hear it oh he found out
he was so excited we hear one lately his
favorite thing to do is like find the
airplanes in the sky he's obsessed with
airplanes and he's like that's just
standing here waiting for them to fly
overhead
he literally like points out every
single one that flies overhead and it's
so cute oh no you see it do you see it
up there it's a little one yeah do you
see it oh look at him
like oh no I see it I hear it you see
the airplane do you see up there he gets
so excited although I don't know if he's
realized that he's like been on the
airplane I don't know if he's realized
that he's actually been up there in this
guy I hear I know I hear the airplane up
there flying it's a beautiful night look
at this it's like a picture oh those
clouds are unreal I can hear another one
I don't know where it is you see it Wow
you see hi hi airplane he will watch it
until Wow until it disappears he will
watch it until you can't see it anymore
and then try to find the new one huh
where are the airplanes there's a bird
that's not Jack Thomas Jack Johnson Oh
Dana pancakes huh well soft yeah
he's like the next August brush you know
that movie that movie was yeah okay
that's good let's go okay let's go
night-night you guys now I have a eaten
banana pancake stuck in my head oh yeah
I haven't been on a sailboat no goof
daddy's hair a little head massage oh
did you just give him kisses okay other
cheeks you like once at your hair give
daddy kisses oh yeah that was a good one
no it's okay you kiss around his eye huh
that's your outside right now actually
trying to find oh oh no we're trying to
find airplanes and helicopters yeah
which is Noah's favorite thing I know
I'm saying that earlier thing is I don't
think he's we were saying like we don't
think he's realized that he's actually
been on one of those I know he has no
clue oh oh are you being silly - daddy
Ted oh no babe scares me oh you love it
but I do not love that your dad's silly
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood
