good morning sweet world I am area from
Montreal Canada and you are watching the
seven o'clock peace
Stacy did you not put blue dog in that
water yeah you hold on the Blue Dog you
love that pup we can hold them for you
know you may not mother
it's a beautiful day and not a cloud in
the sky now the baby taking no swimming
but sometimes like I love swimming next
time but it's such a half getting all of
our swimsuits on I want to go but I
don't want to go at the same time so
don't melt we will I don't thank you
well I didn't feel much this morning
sometimes we forget we're just like
enjoying each other's company disc is
obsessed with opening and closing the
door and knocking on it Sam sighs want
to it fund raised you kind of woke up
not feeling so well you can still sounds
like you might be getting a cold we were
supposed to go down felt like today but
just driving all that way anytime let's
go better just staying home tonight Oh
oh hello
oh hi I would totally ring the doorbell
but then he would go crazy wondering the
deluxe I like knocking oh hi
Oh be no no no no 00 be almost one in
the house we're okay how's it oh no no
no no no no no no no take me to Peggy me
the guys these are everywhere now like
actual bees before is those like black
jacket things no jacket things whatever
the jacket things are called and I was
B's and then literally everywhere the
confession on this plant what if you can
see him they're flying everywhere hello
oh he's like oh it's his tail home oh
sorry buddy tails not home he's so
disappointed he's like your tribe tell
me tales no I think he's actually
pooping
and today Te'o is taking a turn pushing
though keep going tail not too bad
hahaha how you feeling babe well no I
have always gonna cold after playlist
and it's always like a week after oh
gosh i thought i had bought it hahaha
soup rest liquids and i woke up today
hey mister big boy do you look at you
man Oh have you finally mastered the art
of eating with a fork wow this is still
hot hey let me teach you something okay
if it's too hot you grab it and then you
gotta go no you gotta go like this can
you blow on it keep on it oh just going
straight for it huh okay I'll let you
keep eating by yourself there's no
noodles on that one watch you have to
blow on it good job dude you're smart
kid oh suck too hot still no it's not
too bad good job hmm that's good pasta
no forks use a fork
baby thanks mom for picking up some food
no don't wear this why I really needed
this this is like the secret to me
feeling better 255 what is in container
255 well i will show you yes it is any
noodles Oh Oh were you talking to me I
was talking to your son but those of you
that isn't spicy ramen straight from the
source itself yes it was shipped in from
Japan or his ramen Japanese dances all
the chefs at jakar are actually Korean
so it's from Korea can't wait to eat
that no it was really nice me he loves
to share right now at least he's like oh
here ok with you I don't want to play by
my whoa careful getting too excited up
here comes poopy
Oh
beautiful beautiful beautiful with pizza
in hand with pizza in hand well look how
handsome you are have you been up to
help it edit hoping edit see videos Oh
being an evening Ming Ming Ming Ming
Ming Ming naming you say Dave look at
listen to my music figure huh no will
hate on you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah I looked back at old videos
and just cheeks gotten a little smaller
they have it's true as cheeks have
gotten a little smaller hopefully they
don't get any more small though any
smaller i should say well games going on
right now babe utah state vs utah i was
actually supposed to be at this game as
a decoy I just haven't been feeling well
I don't want to stand outside especially
cuz in Utah it's more during the day and
that really pulls up at night yeah plus
we're probably gonna lose their you got
a touchdown yeah that's cool oh and one
of our guys just got kicked out of you
just sing uh what's the song again sure
what the cult don't stop believin no the
aggie song okay look at the way he's
sitting now uh-huh uh-huh so cute that's
how he counts he counts now by going huh
yeah and then he throws whatever he does
like he'll go one two three he owes huh
huh huh are we gonna win are we gonna
win the football game are we gonna win
don't worry we're dead oh that's a
that's not anything weird it's a pasta
sauce mmm rubber baby drummer boy
I bet that sounds very good watching
just not not obnoxious at all no in fact
you know it won't be obnoxious when
we're sitting at the dinner table and he
starts doing that with the silverware no
it's only allowed outside with
chopsticks oh dear Oh face watch your
face good job yeah good job he just
started to do that after I just watched
his face off oh my gosh it's so cute
good job yeah I gotta get all that dirt
off your face huh yucky food good job I
can't you know the cuteness is real okay
look I wash his face off you know every
night in the bath and he just scooped
that himself tonight for the first time
oh I can do I didn't wash my face off to
my still glossy I felt terrible oh I
have been sleeping 14 to 16 hours every
single day which means I've been a bad
vlogger I know you guys will say I don't
need to apologize but I just wanted to
say sorry I just want to feel vulnerable
again I think hopefully about tomorrow I
will it's always me they get sick it's
never jen jen has the immune system of
whatever something really strong with
him really strong immune system is she
that girl never get sick she's always
like doesn't matter she hits five hours
of sleep three hours of sleep eight
hours of sleep she's always on top of
her game like the best mom best wife
best everything I wish I was more like
Jen oh my goodness if you guys watched
my sisters vlogs you know that she's in
Utah and I've been sleeping all day I
didn't make it out to see her her visit
was very short and they're here for a
marathon and then a speaking engagement
like a couple hours away but I didn't
even make it to see him and I feel like
a terrible brother I am however happy
that we were able to see each other so
much this summer I was thinking about it
we spent almost two and a half weeks the
other this summer which is pretty good
for living so far apart Jenna and I were
actually supposed to go to Seattle this
next weekend to go on a trip with
friends to go see you the Aggies play
football I don't think we're going to
it though and there's just the ton going
on in a lot that we need to get done
including the dance party which is this
week generalize this remaining motives
because i dented as the 15th or 14th i
was posting it o is for your birthday a
15-3 was the 15th yeah i think was a
1515 so that's in a couple days it
wouldn't be a dance party without
poppers which you guys saw that we got
anyways guys don't get sick don't catch
this goal through this video I hope
everyone else is having a great weekend
I am really having a good weekend I just
hate oh I hate getting sick we love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow imma be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood
