shut up to all these people that got
there sameh cut shirts shout-out
shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out
Oh Erin dude you're the man people say
he look like manny from Modern Family
kind of agree and that's a good thing
you're pretty sweet more shirts she's in
England and she got her shirt before me
what is up with that I love that you
guys are sending pictures that makes it
so much fun good morning I'm good good
from Estonia and you're watching samy
deluxe beef I have the greatest job in
the world to me everyone has their own
idea of a dream job actually Tyler tribe
Tyler who we should get to a hundred
thousand subscribers I think he's at
almost ninety-five thousand as if we all
subscribe today we could he okay now i'm
back jacking do what I was gonna say I
had a conversation with him in the car
and he was like I was like dude you're
almost 200,000 subscribers we'd like
this week let's make it happen it's
gonna happen and he's like no no no no
it's impossible it's impossible what if
we made it happen right now I'm gonna
put a link in the description right now
click on it and subscribe to trap Tyler
what if we pushed him 5,000 subscribers
right now today I think that would be
amazing and I will record his reaction
as he's like what was going on may be
awesome anyways he actually posted a
video about jobs like dream jobs where
am I going with this it was a very good
video you guys should watch that too
slowly but surely I've turned all of my
small jobs into my dream job I mean I'm
lucky enough to tell stories shed around
the country with my friends have my
friends helped me with my ikea mistakes
when I forget a box from Ikea that's why
you should subscribe to drive down there
anyways I have the best job in the world
I get to be with my family I get to work
with my best friend's we're making
clothing which is really cool it's
something that me and my buddy Mike just
like always talked about in college and
now I do it I get to make videos
something that I have loved doing my
entire life
the only bad thing and I don't even
think that this is that bad of a thing
that I don't like about doing daily
vlogs is that some days you just don't
feel well like every time I go to
playlist live I get sick for some reason
and it's only playlist live it's not the
other YouTube conventions where I'm
hugging shaking hands high fiving it's
only plays live I'm feeling sick again
and all I want to do is just like lay
down drink soup and rest so today's vlog
is slightly different we got a couple
clips and then later in the evening we
actually tried to record some video game
footage because I'm working on the
podcast I'm working on video game stuff
and working on a bunch of stuff to then
throw on YouTube not on this channel but
a different one and so we're just doing
a test run with audio and things just to
kind of get things figured out it wasn't
the best but it allows me to like know
technically what I need to fix to make
it better so I'm gonna throw some of
those clips throughout this vlog cool
good morning guys we just had our little
morning walk around my neighborhood now
time to dig hey the dirt oh thank you
where's yours is it is yours inside he's
yours inside that's quite a shovel
inside that was really into like sharing
and having some the poet who's hot let's
go in get your shovel if his friend
isn't outside he wants you to play with
him you know so he'll uh grab one of the
shovels and then another one for you and
be like here here's your's now you're
gonna shovel with me and dig you just
found his little shovel and now we're
gonna dig in the dirt of course I'm
still getting used to this whole no
napping things I think it's been way
hard the hardest for me to get used to I
don't know why no I do know why it's
because I enjoy his morning nap it's I
think it's because when I had game on
schedule I like to keep it that way and
the one he changed his up on me I'm not
like I'm like no I don't like change in
schedule so again there I'm getting
there no is there I'm getting there
it's good though it's good I'm so cute
oh good digging it's a little toddler hi
hi what did think your mama teach a man
is not the talk with your mouth open huh
don't you have any manners boy you hold
this you wanna I'll childer can
hold it up it's recording right now oh
gosh you'd like destroyed this hey hi
guys yeah it's pretty messed up get in
ok where's Noah fishing yeah ready go
that's some good push in oh yeah that's
all like power keep going now we'll keep
going okay okay don't go off the curb
okay let's turn around oh don't go too
fast let's turn around okay Noah oh not
too fast yeah burn off that dinner Noah
buff that dinner football two three jump
oh he's doing it yeah oh yeah throwing
form dead ready one no three jump 123
Jump yeah jump then we jump in 30 days
babies aren't supposed to jump till
they're too yeah I know these kids of
product weird throwing the football he
actually has befallen here's the form
down Wow yeah i'll be your mo boy that's
a good throw show of your form shown
your form shouldn't how do you do your
head around how you thought ID throw the
football yeah uh-huh not show Tyler
throw it to tally hey Benny yes the
count he's like 1230 whoa here we go I'm
gonna throw it to Tyler thirds me third
to me go to Daddy 30 all right Ellie why
you didn't know whoa chris roe fells
back first game right now and we're
watching and Noah's jumping and throwing
footballs me just threw touchdown to
come okay 123 Jump okay thirds me 30 30
daddy
Oh seems like I'll go get it I'll go get
it yes Tom Brady DeAngelo Williams
Gronkowski and elevate man oh yeah you
see okay but let's go let's go good
let's go flown up there babe in there
there yeah bedtime bedtime ok ready 1 2
3 jump oh gosh no not right now we gotta
go to bed here's the video game footage
first of all video games with jenica are
always one hundred percent more
enjoyable she cracks me up when we play
mario party whenever we play wii u i try
to get her to play tonight but she
didn't want to play so it's ok Jen you
need to play anyways every time we play
super smash brothers and I mentioned
this in another video Dejan is always
kirby and if you guys know how to play
that game it's all about who can survive
the longest you have three lives that's
why we set it up and he always just
floats around and waits until everyone's
kill each other and then he wins so
tonight we said day on you're not gonna
win not even one game I have a champion
I'll are am i picking am I peeking how r
theta nu theta what are we waiting for
here no we're waiting on you yeah you're
back oh sorry random oh you screw us all
I hope you're happy I have a champion
you're the worst level dan will not win
one game tonight oh no these are just
random like this doesn't have anything
to ask ill wait so if you if you don't
like if you're not constantly running
forward oh dang it yeah I'm actually
kind of too close to the screen how I
got it I forget how to play web put a
long time huh remember we're all killing
day on I don't know what is an object I
don't remember how to play what I don't
even know where I am this what you
wanted down I don't even know who you
are so I can kill you what you wanted I
just this is actually fun though like
this chaos are you Louise day hun Oh
Yoshi we played about six games and beat
dejan every single time which then got
to the point where we played a game and
aaron plate is Oh Lamar from
Hickman and he said he's the worst
character in the game which I then said
hey he's not that bad actually like
playing as I'm I bet I can survive
longer than you guys which is when this
happened I'm only mar de honest Kirby Oh
Gondorff legend is of Zelda that how's
that not mine oh that's mine I see the
bad guy yeah he looks like a bad day no
yes yes doesn't know and didn't wait say
they win no I tell us you guys yes yes
oh but no we really nice i think i just
looked be tied you didn't win you know I
love you I you know go back to the tape
let's go back to the tape go back in the
record book it says time no I will say
200 go back go back to take what do you
guys think i think i got truly second
place as you can see Dejan clearly was
killed and died before me personally
comment so what'd you guys think do you
think it was a tie or do you think i won
it was not as I was definitely I don't
you omit said he definitely tried first
game thing you'd ever it's obvious
megaman actually won but as we're trying
to get all the technicalities clear our
camera had an auto shut off so it shut
off us actually playing in our final
match which is when day on actually
successfully floated around while we all
fought and then it was left to me in him
he had two lives left and I only had one
life and this is what happened another
right use that who's that hey sucker the
thing is stupid the neck its it so easy
all days the Sam I gotta go collect
magic place I will that work Wow Sam's
our worst player keep in their own money
oh you're gonna be dead Oh Oh guys are
tied except dan hasn't one extra life oh
nice play nice play oh oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah oh come on you got it you could
bury him dude berryann back oh gosh I
prepared that for him oh yes damn knock
it out it no no no
yes no yeah take it to the ha ha ha ha
look too I'm evils I don't like that
buddy take e to the 0 3 downsize just so
much to see Oh mysterious you got away
from the land oh I didn't know it was a
like I thought it was like I started
doing it I thought I'd start doing at
minute sir great work poke me ah yes oh
ho good thing you did that one very very
small and him and him all right be smart
about this yoga
where's that their food bang bang the
master hammer I didn't know that I am 10
ginger tom oh I have 1 i'll take that
walk me to the one win of the game every
night damn finally one I said he
wouldn't win all night and he won ah but
it was fun we had a good time I'm not
gonna prove it a game footage and every
single vlog as you guys know but it was
a test that we did yesterday and I think
we'll make a couple videos will be fun
with different games and we need to get
Jen to play because Jen playing mario
party is what gives me life it is
hilarious it is awesome anyways
hopefully you guys enjoyed today's vlog
hopefully I feel better tomorrow oh I
want to keep drinking that orange juice
get all that vitamin c and rest i'll see
you guys tomorrow pace
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
