good morning so we were out it is
Caroline from Dixon California I'm
headed for the Georgia North Atlanta
mission so if you see me say what's that
and welcome to oh this kid cracks me up
in the morning first thing he does come
down the stairs and he grabs the
skateboards grabs David's boards they're
always like hidden underneath this
little area he always pulls him out and
he's like I just gotta stand on him yeah
what kind of trick is that what do you
call that mm-hmm whoa that's a cool
little seat yet they're men it's a cool
little sea I swear whenever it's my turn
to wake up with Noah he always wakes up
externally he hasn't really been
sleeping in too much lately though he
was in pretty early everyday but oh no
how are doing a little like lose your
skeleton I guess is the Crick term for
that way I feel like no is the type of
kid that actually would excel at some
random sport that would be in the
Olympics like the luge or skeleton he
just likes trying out everything I don't
know if it's because he sees us doing it
and he just loves us and he's like oh
I'm gonna support my family and be into
that too which i think is actually part
of it but he's also just fearless this
kid just loves adventures he loves
trying new things whenever he's a big
person or older kid doing something he
just wants to do it too and replicate
what they're doing so means we have to
be on our a-game means we have to behave
and and be good because look at it see
he's just coming over here to sit by me
now kids definitely copy what you're
doing you damn man homie you want a hug
should we hug this morning come here my
min come hug
say good morning sweet world hey good
morning
I bet boom wait let's hear a big guy fat
ready high five
ready hands down how
boom this bub
still working on that best feeling in
the world right here guys
we have to take advantage of these last
few days that are actually warm because
here Atlanta the weather can change
literally overnight or even during the
day it's just like meanness this cold
weather and for now it's still warm
which we're happy about we're here at
the what we call PDA park enjoying some
chick-fil-a it's not so good electric
fillet we're eating out Jen chick-fil-a
oh it's been a while for me at least
there you go it's been a week I've had
it for a while look how beautiful this
park is we're in definitely this little
shaded area but the Sun is just
glistening through people playing
football
yeah it's I'm at volleyball over there
and I'm gonna have a chant get a shot at
the people behind me because I someone's
getting serenaded right now making out
with her that's what I call it Beauty
park I want them to like start smooch oh
wow who's like really going in for it
like smaller eyes I can't see what's
going on but I can't wait to watch this
do you fool
he's just making the moves everything
zoomed in on your face you're the George
Clooney is you know that means PDA part
your mom okay let's see you go let's see
you do it oh it's so cute
you just have backwards oh that's kind
of like steep right there kind of that's
a scary slide you do you're so brave oh
my gosh
your mom was brave too okay and now Noah
is climbing up the what looks like a
tamarind oh yeah
looks just like an earthworm yeah
honestly though like who designed this
slide cuz you know let's go adventure
boy go and do some pull-ups and you do
at least 10 pull-ups before bedtime
ready don't let go mom don't let go mom
one Oh
gymnasts dude you're stronger than me
come for pound no this kid seriously is
stronger than me okay climb make up your
slide isn't it ten slide this Park is
cool no
Noah Hey
oh he's climbing up he's going forward
he might want to go down this one there
we sweetie
look he's a little daredevil do it no we
can go down with him that's my boy
that's my boy he's just going for it all
right
oh gosh oh it yeah it does I get a read
again right back he's running right back
Oh judge that needs behind you you have
to go again okay okay
can this ready - you're the man yeah you
gonna go down it alright bye whoa you're
staticky shock in three two one
he's usually just find that practically
by himself now he's coming up to the end
now
say you buddy where's mom bye Noah dude
aren't you just the cutest thing I ever
did see
mother and Iran would be a little kids
Mia lemonade
let's go home kids are amazing kids are
creative their courageous their brave
many of them don't have fear like Noah
he just goes straight at it and just
like I'm gonna do this and if we weren't
around sometimes he would probably get
hurt and that's why we are around that's
why kids need parents I need people to
help them out but I learned so much from
Noah each day just the little things
that he points out just in this world
and just by how courageous he is we all
start off that way and then the people
around us kind of Wallace into what we
are and depending on how much we take
from each other then that's kind of like
the person we become and we find more
about ourselves and this and that and so
as parents we have like a huge
responsibility to make sure that our
kids are well taught and that's they're
good kids I never want to take away that
like courage I always want Noah to be
brave I always wanted to just go for it
and so sometimes me we let him do kind
of crazy things like going down the big
slide five times in a row but I learned
so much from him and it's pretty cool
kids are so impressionable and as it
builds as magrav we kind of like are
harder to influence it's pretty amazing
the responsibility that I have Jen has
that we have together
to be good parents to Noah it's pretty
cool I'm grateful for that
I'll see us tomorrow pace
fun fact the kid in the vlog today that
Noah was kind of playing with was just
some random kid at the park but he is
actually three days and one year older
than Noah and he talked a lot and it
just was like whoa this was gonna be
like in a year that's pretty cool
