good morning sweet world my name is
arrow I am from Chicago and you are
watching my favorite people here on
YouTube Semak logs
Sam's the best I just woke up with Noah
to new flowers and a movie they're so
pretty then white this time starting to
really like flowers huh so pretty they
are
I noticed only because this shade was
begging for food so I had to come in the
kitchen and I noticed
I'm beautiful white flowers I love them
this is how he is every morning mom give
me some food
mom give us some food mom give me some
food EPA teen mom gave some food I've
decided I'm gonna start putting my
flowers on our cute table cuz they
always go with our decorations and they
look really pretty here
he'll try live in bed for like a
half-hour which I'd hear so think it's
still rest cuz he's getting sick and
really tired because he was up late
every night he was done waiting
so we came here to get some energy out
play a little bit because he loves this
place
would you find that a mercy that a horse
hold on you gotta ride it where you
going
 you how cute this little theater is
you're done in here already
goodbye I woke up at about 2 o'clock
today I slept and got at least about 14
hours of sleep thanks to Jen who is
awesome general probably say it's your
fault for staying up so late that you're
tired but it was a combination of having
to stay up late been staying up a little
extra late on my own and then having to
wake up early Plus whenever there's a
lot of people around you kind of get
like just not germy so I wanted to make
sure I slept in and stayed stayed rested
and hydrated vitamin seed up and also
souped up so that I don't get sick I'm
actually feeling better already
dude come out me open this I think I
know what it is
you help me open it help me open it open
this one do you like that
I'll get that get that one too okay take
it out key fold out oh whoa what is that
someone's already addicted to bubble
wrap yeah sooner you can make that pop
watch huh
here left the box open dude
he'd rather just play at the bubble
wrapping step on everything he's more
into the packing process than the actual
item itself wait what it says you've
just done something very few YouTube
creators accomplished in astonishing 100
thousand
excuse me sir sir sir okay you had an
astonishing 100,000 people subscribed to
your channel we no numbers on YouTube
can get really big but we hope you don't
lose sight of the roof yep of the
reality behind the stat six-digit
milestone each and every person who
subscribe to your channel was touched by
what you did there inspired or
challenged or entertained wow this is
super nice you made it to this milestone
with hard work perseverance and chances
are a healthy sense of humor what you've
accomplished can be taken can't be taken
away and we'd like to recognize you for
all your hard work with this silver play
button a small token of our esteem and
respect we know you don't do this for
rewards you do it because you have the
drive to create and share and because
you've found an audience who cares
believe us when we say that we can't
wait to see what you do next a million
subscribers may seem a long way off
right now but you're closer than you
think and we're rooting for you
congratulations sincerely the CEO of
YouTube all right mister yes mister ball
of energy ready ready for the unveiling
all right take that off Wow
check it out that's mine that's right
let's go show Mom no let's go show Mom
cool this my people my YouTube fam the
fam occur is pretty cool I was telling
day Hana to be even cooler if like all
these different thumbnails and pictures
were from our videos like that's
something that YouTube could do and it'd
be super sweet if whenever they sent
this to someone the box was covered with
the videos that they made
I'd be like the perfect touch YouTube I
hope you're watching this when people
receive awards on TV they always give
like acceptance speeches I wouldn't call
this an award but as you guys can see
yourselves right there I'm vlogging
right now this would not be possible
without all of you guys because that's
what this stands for it stands for the
YouTube family that we've created so
thank you guys for being there for us
it's pretty cool to have this I
definitely need to hang it up on the
wall is there anything you want to say
now that you've received your plaque for
it's still a little crazy weird we love
all of you guys it's pretty cool to see
how excited you guys get whenever things
like this happen like that's part of all
the fun I hope you guys feel a part of
it we kind of lost our office but I
think we'll hang this up in our bedroom
office area that I'm creating right now
it'll be the perfect addition thank you
guys seriously Oh
chicks are my rhythm every time we do
you do yeah
jump his favorite song
which one's his favorite watch me whip
now watch me nae nae I just wanted to
get him jumping once Dan I should have
film he is actually jumping retiree
jumps we danced we laughed we had a good
time
bedtime she wish no what do you think
about the Cubs doing the naming what
about the cups Oh watch me whip watch me
nae nae okay well listen to some Justin
Bieber in a falsely oh you're supposed
to sing to him yeah I'm watching
yes do you mean yeah I am brainy baby
babies pop what do you mean
no sleep well we love you very much
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy so here's the 2000
