guess what PJ mommy has something to
tell you
you want to know secret no I guess
what do you think about that remember
how our he was in Bali do you want to be
a big sister do the sister there's a
baby and Mama's back in here is your
baby in there yeah
if your baby in there well it's little
it's little little it's still growing
baby yeah baby know where we're going
what are we doing at the doctor good is
it muffins baby no do you know how it
works
they're gonna there's a little machine
you can see the baby in mommy's belly
but right now is so itty bitty it's just
a tiny little baby tiny maybe think
about that do you think it's gonna be a
boy or a girl a boy brother
yeah so we are we just dropped PJ off at
Lisa's house too so nice not for two
Watchers we'd have to take both of the
kids so that's good that was very
helpful and now we're going to take know
with us I thought he would enjoy seeing
baby on the screen I'm pretty sure I'm
getting an ultrasound I should be
getting one today let's hope there's
only one in there not too oh I'm just
kidding it's my body that dropped the
AIDS so
a lot nervous actually
the baby is neo my food so when I eat
all the food the baby eats the food yeah
Wow where'd you come up with that yeah
really smart is that what happened with
sissy is that houses he grew she told
you hey smart you guys already talked
about mommy you having a baby in her
belly in just those few minutes you look
baby and you're come me I don't who does
mommy okay so we're gonna there's gonna
be an ultrasound today do you know what
that means that means we're gonna be
able to look at the baby up there we're
gonna see a little itty bitty baby we
got a nice screen right there
mommy's doing well yo leaders do there's
only one there's only one I see I think
I just went out with friends but there's
only one
there's only way
what if there are two built in here
there's no Queen three different babies
three different places to different
states what are you reading for a boy
I'm reading for a girl what are you
doing for girl no boy okay boy
no girl yeah boy we will find that out
today though
just one in there right hey so that one
pretty well what is that
does she like flowers what you think
that's pretty cool huh where the baby
look like for your birthday and a while
huh oh the baby looks like a Teddy
bear-like PJ oh you're so sweet buddy
are you excited for the baby
yeah the baby gonna be a boy or a girl
mama where's the most Baby Doe baby kids
Oh an air kiss
fruit snacks hey happy hey what do you
think of my mom you have a baby in your
belly you tried it you excited yeah yeah
are you ready yeah I hope yeah you know
I was really nervous at first because P
G's at a very trying age you know Noah
was very difficult at one-and-a-half
they both of my babies have been very
hard at one and a half I don't know why
it's just my lack of patience for one
and a half year olds is Wayne wait wait
it's just that anyway it's good that she
can't frustrating for her but she's just
extra pants for me right now so I was
very nervous when we found out but I'm
excited I'm getting more excited we had
the ultrasound and Noah got to come and
that was really special I think he
really enjoyed seeing like inside
mommy's tummy
which was kind of crazy like there's a
real baby in there I'm excited to see
what the baby's gonna look like we got a
towhead and a brunette so we've got
options here
it's just kind of funny so we have
filmed this like three times and the
audio wasn't working on any of them we
asked Noah a bunch of questions we asked
PJ the footage was so cute and just
beautiful and where am I going with this
we have none of it no I always Noah
constantly thinks that the baby's gonna
have blue hair that's what he kept
saying
blue hair and brown eyes he wants to
have brown eyes like him and blue hair
and boy and be a boy that's we said
having had two kids I feel more prepared
this time around I've got the boys to
forgot the girls stuff I've got I just
don't feel as nervous bringing home a
baby even though people say third one's
the hardest cuz yours outnumbered
defense but Noah's good he just wants to
kill the baby he was just asking me said
I just want to send the couch and cuddle
the baby which is a really good sign
um so I think he'll be a really good
helper he'll be right and also having
had too
it's like I'm gonna do things
differently with my postpartum I'm gonna
try to you know just be more open from
the get-go it's very hard for me to
share my feelings it's like that's
probably Sam probably hates it because
it's so frustrating for him so he wants
to help me he doesn't know how but I
kind of just like let it let it simmer
but this time around I might I'm
probably gonna get a therapist after to
just have someone to talk to that's I
mean you should always talk to your
spouse and I do I'm gonna talk to him
but it's always good to have a third
party person to just help me with coping
mechanisms and how to like change the
way I'm thinking just for stuff like
that just to like be think more
positively and yeah I'm I'm gonna you
know I have homeopathic medicine that
taking my dad that I still take and I
really like that that helps me a lot
with bouncing my hormones so yeah I feel
more prepared I'm hoping for the best
and I won't suffer from bad postpartum
but I'm gonna just expect it since I've
had it twice already I'm going to try
not to eat whenever you eat you get
fatter I'm gonna try and have a sexy dad
bod because my mom's like rolling her
eyes my dad's turning pink right now
what's the daddy of Disneyland Oh
Delphis no I I just want to be there for
you I always feel a little bit I feel
bad because I don't feel the symptoms
and I'm a much bigger baby when it comes
to and I feel sick than when you are
you're just like a champion so I want to
try to be better and just be a better
husband and be a bit
dad and I probably should change more
diapers with this baby or I'll potty
dream I think I'll be good I got a lot
of recipe jenever I'm really good at
beginning yeah that's true I think the
first ones the hardest and then the
third everyone says is the hardest I
think about it being the hardest and
just hope for the best
yes when PJ was born that year the time
right after that for like a year was
just kind of crazy it was not normal for
even if you didn't have a baby we were
going through a lot a lot of stress I
loved just like what the hacking down
yeah yeah and so it it would have
affected us no matter what and I think
that kind of really really really tough
for us but I feel like we've made it to
the top of that mountain and now we're
skiing around and we I want to continue
to focus on like ourselves right going
on more dates yeah like we move we moved
to Arizona for ourselves people are
always like why the heck did you do that
what we're thinking of ourselves we're
kind of putting ourselves in front of
everything for once in our lives and it
feels good for now not that we're not
serving others we're continuing to do
that but just feels good to kind of
regain that and I don't want to lose
that and I don't think we will yeah so
you should be a good babysitter we got
this hey you're in young woman's now
yeah so I am planning on filming more
bump dates how I'm feeling how I'm doing
even during cuz you know if I'm if I'm
struggling or whatever I'm gonna just
have more updates on how the baby is
doing how I'm doing how the kids are
doing and how we're adjusting just your
beautiful face
look at those glasses you look at the
lens crafter mom I have to I'm trying to
you know once you three kids yeah I look
more like a bad just like smarter
Oh
