good morning sweet world my name is
Bailey and I'm from Northern California
and you're watching Sam of the box peace
good morning we are here live from
playlist live day one with this line is
our desires before up to the boot we're
doing a live stream and I have my first
person I want to say hello Jenica
introduce yourself although we just
space that we just placed time again and
Noah no is jumping around dancing you're
super cute you want say hi to jen i want
everyone to say hi so dead what's going
on right now so you know Andy not here
although you are watching the live
stream when everyone is here to see you
and no not me okay something's about to
happen no it look gingers tweeted that
knows watching the live stream and she's
waving to everybody I know I know get
over here man
dad is that dad is that Dad and Tyler oh
is that Daddy using hi to you he wave hi
to Daddy he's confused he's like he
keeps doing dad that Sam on like his
face time and on the computer he's like
how is that Dad I don't get it I don't
get it but no really has been sitting
here watching the live stream ok easy hi
to everybody we've hiked everywhere in
the camera nope he wants to touch the
laptop thanks for the message babe no I
saw it hahaha Noah where'd you go hi
Noah I see you well hi when he just
walked in right before i turn the camera
on he's like mm thank Pope bucks ba pops
a little head out it was really cute
this is like the coolest family I've met
yet today wait so you have a channel
Abby's life blogs Sly Fox and this is
your son
caleb is it let's see us focusing Caleb
Rodriguez cable caleb james rodriguez
have been facetiming Jen so she can say
hi to people i say hi jen i guess and
low rican vegan cuz you're Puerto Rican
I'm guessing and vegan hey Spanish in my
dance video so in sync yeah my dad's
vegan I try to go begin working on Jen
Noah and I are well i'm currently
watching part some of the live stream
this morning um this is before Noah's
nap usually I start filming after know
his nap because I'm just too tired but
we've been watching the live stream from
playlist DC and I wasn't playing this it
was just so funny cuz he was trying to
put the basketball in the tiny hoop and
it was so good he's like how can it
won't go in mom it won't go in no you
use a little one why use a little one
look that 160 can't get it out here come
sit back here I facetime Sam for a
minute this morning should I suddenly
you guys and I've just been watching the
livestream cuz it's it is kind of fun
it's really fun to see what everyone's
doing we love you saying we miss you and
I'm glad you're having a good time we
are both happy you're having a fun time
and saying hi to put bola some of you
guys tentacool and I'm glad that I can
kind of be a part of it virtually since
I couldn't be there so it's really fun
ok so my really good friend Hilary and
her husband Tanner are part of a startup
company it's called fort see here's the
name Fort see and they make the freaking
cute
this pop-up tents you have ever seen
like I'm I am joking Hillary just ran
this by to show us like what it looks
like and how to build it and stuff and
look at this it's a little castle I know
it's pretty much obsessed with it
already he is literally obsessed he kept
going in and out and it's so cool you
literally just like pump it up and just
like the exterior like border inflates
and it's like machine washable you can
take it outside oh my gosh Noah is in
heaven Hey look how cute it is look up
you do you love that do you love that I
think I'm probably going to move outside
today and let him and tail let no one
tail play in it cuz it is so cool it's
it's a little big which is awesome if
you have a lot of kids because it's
super spacious like a look at this it's
like huge and awesome making but pillows
and read books and do toys in here and
there's like three doors but if you have
a smaller place maybe like it is pretty
big but it's really cool and though it's
pretty obsessed with it and I have a
whole bunch of different patterns they
have a space one they have this cool
castle they've so may different one so
I'm gonna have Sam leave the link to 40
in the description below if you guys
want to check it out check out this
company you guys should because they are
so cute just like the part that inflates
its just the bubbly plastic exterior
isn't that so cool oh no it's a lil
obsessed he was like I wish I guy's
reaction when we first blew it up
because he was like jumping in it and
going crazy and now he's hungry this is
my favorite part though is you can undo
the whole ceiling
of this castle so if you're outside you
want the Sun in or we just want to open
look isn't that cool so you can see your
kids inside playing anyway I'm loving it
this kid is like starving what you want
to eat let's see what he picks he always
grabs the avocado and I don't know why
oh oh you want a salad now okay thank
you thanks for that okay so oh yeah
let's go eat some lunch what else you
gonna pull out Oh Stan apple juice okay
okay I got someone else that wants to
say hi to jen its Riley Riley say hi see
how to know it too because he's watching
Riley's mom hi Riley his mom shout out
to all the parents that come to these
okay that's Holograms a version beta
those of us in the Lions you know what
I'm talking about guys watch the live
syndrome hey people want more errand in
the blog so here's more errand in the
blog
you talk to a camera I'm trying to get
Henry and go in there and that I can get
I've had more dan
there you go every angle you want that's
what you want all right here's the live
stream headquarters people yeah I got
the comments coming in right there let's
see you let's see if anyone's watching
this that is commenting right now nice
face and shirt
no Jen were you at me you mean a good
pair you're being the good parent Oh
what's up what's up hello Wow is that
cool tails wow wow let me know are you
doing dance moves are you stuck wow that
cool I love it wow wow hey be careful
guys I also forgot to mention a really
cool feature is like the bag that you
put it in is like attached to it so you
won't lose it how cute that is are you
being silly you have so many toys and
your choosing and playing buckets no you
can't have to play a perfect game you
what
we just wrapped up doing all the wailers
five stuff in a little expo hall we then
went to the Washington Monument for a
second time it's a little bit more light
outside though this time so it's pretty
cool got to watch the sunset have a lot
of fun with that and now we are we're
about to eat at a restaurant called
I'm slinky look at it little guy I'm
that guy and and and i got my slinky
shoes on there's Aaron right there check
out this ambiance of this room what's
beautiful take a whole day oh that's
gonna be good at midnight gonna grab
that two hands like the garbage disposal
he takes everyone's meals if they don't
eat it Tyler would seem like this is the
verizon center which is where they play
basketball and hockey feel like it's the
first day it feels like fall outside I
came in here and disrupted Osho sorry
Cole it's like really breezy and chilly
and lately it's been like windy but it's
been hot still outside so it's been like
warm wind now it's like cooler when they
actually feels like September outside
which is kind of weird however for the
last four field are geeks shake guess
we'll see sit down on his skateboard and
go down the slide ready I don't think
I'll turn today for dinner we have
breakfast for dinner for Noah
my goodness we have eggs and a little
bit of hash browns and strawberries and
then me and gave it a house and we're
gonna jump yeah blow low no hot one of a
kind skateboard art by Noah Bray mom
helped a little up here and David wrote
all those names on their one-of-a-kind
skateboarder and the lasagnas done one
last walk before bedtime sike oh yeah
get it get it back up here give me more
throwing do it oh
you read if you choose soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood over
that Duncan over the hat huh oh yeah
there you go down there and they're so
long over farther okay I your only
thought he was little that guy's happens
oh yeah are you ready
