hello my name is sam this is my newly
made friend tyler my other friend Logan
you guys and you're watching sanika
vlogs from playlist live DC now right
off into the distance whoa it's so windy
out here whoa no I just wanted to come
outside because he wants uncle day with
penny now you getting it here we are
today is Friday what's today technically
called industry day no Friday today's
call Friday we are setting up the booth
right now as you guys can see give you
guys like a little quick sneak peek at
what this looks like let's look at all
these hats to come nicer so it looks up
up up up up up up up I like it I've got
some more shirts go centered you think I
should do it like yeah oh you like it's
all yeah and there we have it anyways so
we got all these shirts here everything
looks really nice crewnecks sweatshirt
shirt hats the crew neck is being
debuted here at playlist live I don't
think it's online yet but everything
else is and then you got this giant
tricks in.com banner right there you got
these blue lights you got dejan looking
nice he's modeling that's what you're
doing here right here the tricks and
model hello and then if i zoom out over
here look at this all right so this is
the space where people will be
performing over here some other stuff
and then this giant banner tricks in
with
mountain in the background I really like
that everything's coming together it
looks pretty nice what are you watching
right now how's the musical three senior
years yeah I'm like why are watching
this favorite movie ever no i said i was
hate watching no it's cuz your favorite
movie you're acting you love this movie
it's really sad because the generation
that i grew up watching this like this
is our generation it's gonna be
considered a classic in like 20 years
we're just it already it's a classic no
I just remember loving these movies when
they first came out like we wait up for
the premiere of the first one more like
what middle school high school I don't
know how long ago that was but we wave
like the premiere we want big Disney
Watchers I fell asleep do it almost
every night whoa I just keep telling
David that um I'm glad he's home with me
cuz uh it'd be real boring house are
seeing here by myself this is literally
there's my life when you guys remember
oh I'm just so glad that we have each
other this weekend I ain't being alone
I'm a wimp like that i like i like doing
nothing with people like I'm fine doing
nothing but i like doing nothing with
someone else so yeah I'm glad for you
guys yes have a good nap tired right all
right did you bring your the vlog is
uploading right now everybody's so uh I
just wanted to zoom in down here because
someone tweeted me and said hey we're in
the lobby and I said hey I think I see
you so person in the lobby if I don't
see you today I'm zooming in on you
right now it almost looks like you're
pointing at me are you pointing any I
think she's pointing at me oh they're
waving you spotted us it's really you
Peter it's really you I assure you
figure what I guess it's it it's
romantic
emoji are new to the game
every time I pass these many bars go
back to my childhood and specifically
this kid because he was spoiled rotten
being the baby so she know you're
spoiled like Bella okay that's true he
was spoiled by my grandma because she
watched us and she would buy like to box
of those many bars and say you can't get
any of them that are for David they are
just for David and so me and like my
other siblings would sneak them and eat
them anyway because we weren't on to
have them they were delicious you just
bought them for you so whatever time I
passed those I think of my grandma and
her telling me I couldn't have them and
me sneaking it anyway because they are
delicious maybe we should do explodes on
me or something the phono would be good
with Agnes try to figure out more meals
because I tend to buy snacks and not
actual dinner this is how we've carrying
groceries easy tricks for would you use
a pack mule got something no let's see
how long you can hold them I not only
carried the watermelon and it will help
by a kind of care Nova's know what kind
of drive and kind of drag the pizzas in
with Ava k never gonna make see me soon
once you want to see some daddy I think
daddy just called
yeah dad he said dad is that your dad
you went oh is that Daddy he just took
the phone from me who's that did you get
all 16 clips wow crazy he's in DC oh my
gosh Noah just grabbed no we just grab
this skateboard save look no grab this
he grabbed it from the window seal he
just pulled it down yeah always trust
yolk that is my advice for today yup
will always lead you the right way
especially if you're eating with me
isn't that right you're so weird dude yo
no Leah where we are right now we are
here at and pizza steals my phone has
Tyler's font on the front door it says
join the tribe you get you guys need to
go watch each other's lock for that and
I want to check out what everyone's beat
say they got let's see what you get
that's just like the straight pepperoni
is that like a build-your-own pepperoni
build your own pepperoni okay I got uh
what's it called kissing fire it's got
like a nice spicy blend but also some
strawberry vinaigrette or something like
that what you get farmer's daughter over
the Friday you're off
sausage and spinach I'm spiking marinara
the farmer's daughter ladies and gents
and then that looks like cheeseburger
pizza Carmela landing oh the Carmelo
Anthony also knows the cheeseburger
pizza and then I got a handcrafted soda
because I do handcrafted sodas here and
in honor of gin mango passionfruit
emoji your mood to do you know when you
see things in person that you've always
seen in text books and things this
doesn't even look real right now it
looks like a like an optical illusion a
mirage we just had a delicious meal I
know Jen would have loved that pizza
place 10 if we ever come back here we
need to go eat at and pizza because you
love it and that we're doing like a
little night hike little tour of
Washington DC eiffel tower looks real
big and bursting you just got to touch
it just got such a thing how many people
touched this right here that's tonight
on the dinner menu it's nice to have
David here cuz he kind of helps me think
of things d or he kind of just will eat
whatever I suggest so tonight we're
gonna do baked potato rolls toaster
stools yes we did bite extra shoes
David's also about influence in the fact
that I buy a lot more junk when he's
with me that's a lot no it's true I
never buy like bagels or toaster
pastries once in a while I by toaster
shooter oh ok this is how it goes like I
love bagels and I just don't because
there were like bagels really honest all
goes down we're walking down the aisle
and she goes oh gosh that looks so good
oh my gosh that looks so good so I'm
like okay let's get it she goes okay
okay okay I am more so controlling them
by myself much like no I won't get it
and I keep walking both David for some
reason I just feel like I need it by
everything um but tonight we're having
baked potatoes and I hope this is a good
watermelon and then we're gonna um heat
up some broccoli and cook some chicken
so it shouldn't be really good look how
pretty these flowers are still so pretty
that food stuff really works no uh what
did you do you guys he just poured this
dr. pepper all down his face I don't
even know how long that dr. peppers been
there no luck come on bad nuts yucky
this is kind of a cool monument they
have I think it's like a veteran
monument they have all the different
states
the Pacific or Atlantic and Pacific
Ocean this giant fountain and I love how
all the monuments are like close to each
other you can see the Washington there
then the Capitol building behind it and
then you've over here the Lincoln
Memorial with the reflective pool behind
the scenes of tribe Taylor guys we're
getting a live look in right now of the
penny no bronzer no filter straight up
the penny in the flesh aside from the
penny my first thought when I look at
this monument I think of the jalama me
focus I think of the Martin Luther King
I had a dream speech which happened
right here this was wasn't filled with
people a huge moment in history with
lace tiffany is just felt like stuff
like that to me we hold these truths to
be self-evident that all men are created
now I have a dream my four little
children will one day live in a nation
where they will not be judged by the
color of their skin but by the content
of their character I have a dream today
currently this is a slide right here
Aaron will you do the honors here we go
oh my gosh yeah I remember that bite
Jenna was talking about turns out she
wanted a whole one so that's what she
got Jen you know she likes the toaster
strudels you enjoying enjoying your bite
yep big bite so I guess mom's trying to
teach know how to skateboard
this is so sketchy no way you be careful
uh-huh uh-huh on Nicki baby you're gonna
get hurt mr. those wheels are really
look like a bum cool dude what did you
go what did you go yeah another
skateboard I know whoa this weekend the
White House sure my buddy Kevin white
lives and his wife Maddy wait next time
we were in an NBA championship I'll be
in there gonna be on the team shaking
the hand yeah and what function will be
on the team train right what is that
point okay no your honor a medical
doctor medical doctor yeah all right oh
yeah you're an we'll be there as a
official apparel man hey oh people be
wearing people were doing tricks and
choose the new nike dinner is served is
actually eating some of the potato that
yummy made chicken and potato and
broccoli victus that's really good again
it's what my cutie and this is david
hayter now because he has allergies so
really bad like look at his eyes they're
so puffy and gross and read it looks
like it just keeps crying do you like
your food look getting on your chicken
all gone good job bud he loves me he's
definitely no vegetarian that's for sure
sing it come on it was so funny it's my
rendition of the loo
that's the leaders right yeah she was
like uh uh uh oh yummy baked potatoes so
yummy baked with dance yummy yummy look
at him you're so Holly bobbing for
chicken does it so yummy okay come on
just sing one verse thank you keep
singing it I never I'm trying to put the
camera sing it's funny back David
is actually really shy fun fact no he's
not this kid you guys I can't complain
oh that was you have a Christmas story
why needs a piggy at the table no I
that's so silly I really can't complain
because Noah is like an amazing either
you'll eat anything almost anything I
got into finally eat potatoes tonight a
little bit he doesn't really like potato
good job using your fork this one
stabbed a little harder oh you go he's
like baked potato yummy on me but he's
just been sitting here singing it over
and over again miss grilled chicken is
so you're mean I like the seasoning in
my tummy
you taking override Oh No
Wow
tyler's rocking some weak old man aaron
we have a head on you
it's five in the morning we have to be
at our place by 10 which means are
probably gonna wake up in about four
hours this happens at these conventions
you stay up super late and then you
don't get a lot of sleep because you got
to edit and get things done but it's all
worth it it's fun right Tyler it's fun
yeah and down stays up watching vlogs
sammy cahn vlogs some semi cachet and
Derek just got in town we went and
almost had a bar fight at McDonald's it
wasn't a bar fight but this place turns
up at night and right now i'm just
downloading all of Jenna cos footage
which you already watched because I put
that before this part having fun here at
playlist live DC looking forward to
meeting a bunch of people tomorrow doing
a live stream having good times and I
think we're gonna do some challenges on
the live stream as well which will be
kind of cool that peace peace out see
asthma
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood
