good morning sweet world my name is 8
cyl moreno i am from Southern California
but i'm currently going to school in
beautiful davis california yes tambien
de los lagos amica peace love you
here in general morning where water was
your birthday come look at her surprise
that daddy left you I got you surprise
before you left here come over your look
come here what is this what is that what
is that you wanna ride it you say thank
you daddy
just nervous hey guys so today's been a
pretty chill day huh hits big man shield
a big daddy's not here I don't know if
he's realized it yet um I think he'll
realize tomorrow like I think he'll
start looking around like wait where is
he seems been traveling all day they've
had a lot of delays so it's been like
literally all day of travel so hopefully
they get there soon he's kind of hooked
a veggie straws lately you don't want it
thank you sometimes I get lucky and
he'll bring me whatever he doesn't want
instead of just throwing it on the
ground so that's kinda nice but tonight
is actually the first Aggie football
game and it's a late you know it starts
at seven but we're gonna go early and
spend time with our great-aunt a couple
years ago before Noah like I was
pregnant with no the last time we were
there no one don't sit in the door you
can get three so we're gonna head up
there and have dinner with her and see
probably just like the first part of the
game I just don't want to be up too late
he gets to a point where if it's too
late then it's just way hard game to
that oh no I just got really excited cuz
ten came up okay go know what
hey hey now I know God look we're going
good
guys soon and it's not only Noah's first
Aggie football game it's D with first
football game ever like first-ever
college or any football games ever been
to really the one who was in like peewee
uh and it's your first book
really fun we're commanded way fun he
was excited he's like oh shoot i
overdressed I'm overdressed he's i
overdressed with Jenna funny Felix cute
you look you get cool are you dancing
whoa see the marching band wow whoa clap
clap clap you see them off we're still
looking hey
here they go down here now look again
looking good whoa Oh got fire this here
Wow
Wow team
stop it
my god whoa
I
like what's going on recording something
down oh that was so nice
today has been some sort of day we woke
up at like five o'clock left by
five-thirty it was pitch black outside I
think I got an hour and a half asleep we
went and got breakfast burritos I was
feeling good feeling refreshed feeling
great made it to the airport was our
first flight delayed yeah two beds only
one Road got on the plane and as we get
on the plane they're like excuse me fer
fer it appears that the tire on the
plane is busted we're gonna have to
replace that and so that took about an
hour ended up missing our flight finally
made it out here erin was on the wrong
flight they left my bags bags are late
made it to hotel room haven't eaten it's
a 930 we made it playlist live now we're
watching college football which I am so
happy is back and I've heard that Noah
is having the time of his life at his
first college football game which I'm
sad I'm out there to be with them to
enjoy it Jed keep sending me pictures
and I just can't stop smiling looking
and thinking about him being there we
are currently at bolts burgers and they
have this really cool thing where you
can actually take a tablet
in order your own meal on it need more
time yes I do and then you can just pay
right here and then they deliver it to
you that's pretty neat so since we
missed our flight the connecting flight
from Texas to DC all of us but Aaron
were actually on an earlier flight and
now Aaron is about to land but the thing
is is that our bags were lost so we're
gonna go get those right now
more we just ski
welcome to Washington DC
anything you buy bill Garrett if you
chew more soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood the
answer when i run to c 0 1 dizzy
everyone's night we're gonna wrap up
head to toe right this is you alright so
this is our air in a day notice how I'm
the big spoon Sam and I had the option
but we often out I wasn't going to
include this but now I have to I'm
comfortable in my body yeah I'm
comfortable I'm coffee oh here's the
setup room tour all right hey yo tickle
my feet bro uncomfortable if you tickle
my feet oh I'm just getting this edited
