good morning sweet world I am bianca
from utah and you are watching seneca
bugs peace good afternoon everyone
guess what Tyler just came over and I
thought he was coming over because they
were out going to the warehouse or
something but then Sam comes downstairs
and surprises me that we're going out to
lunch for a date before he leaves for DC
and I'm really excited so Tyler's gonna
watch Noah for like an hour so while we
go have lunch a little lunch and I'm
glad I put makeup on today and actually
wore a short cute shirt I'm excited to
have a little date a date date with my
man
I'm stuffed
I just had a corned beef and sauerkraut
haircut avocados special sauce sandwich
at her breakfast perms is the type of
food that tastes so good and then he's
making you eat it and you're like man I
take a nap just like that comfort tasty
breakfast lunch food I was literally
like oh maybe issues because I thought
you were going to the warehouse
literally I was like maybe just take
knowing I have a fun lunch I was just
like thinking about her arms and
thinking about hers all morning
shoutouts and then
satrap Tyler who finished feeding Noah
his lunch and is currently hanging out
with him yes I bet he's recording that
he's helping babysit today down said he
was gonna be there to help babysit but
I'm not throw a little shade day on sway
because he's not day and I know you're
working hard but all those guys are
always good so good dude - no I - oh
yeah good oh that's an amazing thing
like how nice and how much of room like
looks after Noah you know I call their
friends when they straight up say it to
vikon and we just left Noah it's like he
goes oh thanks
thanks Tyler and guys for being next to
no one we just pulled up to these two
guys taking Noah a walk hilarious that
was the funniest thing I've ever seen my
boy hi buddy bear Tim play confused he's
like wait you guys are gone you guys are
gone this whole time
hi we're gonna go park now okay we'll
come out hey buddy you just chilling in
here you just chillin hey give me a hint
oh I'm gonna turn the light on okay good
morning whoa whoa Oh China jump stretch
lean back well let's see how it goes
because pants on sandals two shirts
oh you bud I just gotta learn how steer
pedal he's a little distracted at the
moment 14 month old Viking phenom
fantasy football draft number two as at
this point I'm only gonna do two weeks
potentially three notice helping me make
my picks right now we're in a 12 team
league so far five rounds in I have
Jamaal Charles Ameer Abdullah Demaryius
Thomas Randall Cobb and oh yeah Jordan
Matthews how we doing buddy
we're getting pretty good salaries in
the league as well there's bragging
rights apparently having some peace no
it's just making himself at home I think
this is the only time this is not
whatever dude oh wow
dominoes dominoes gave us the wrong
pizza oh wow happening here live i do
not order that i ordered a white sauce
with jalapenos chicken and olives with
sliced ham thank you for calling
Domino's Pizza our customer service
representative will be with you shortly
I miss you yeah not a breath I just ran
up the stairs tomorrow I leave for
playlist live I'm going with all the
tricks and crew we have a booth there
we're gonna be hanging out doing a live
stream for three no two days three days
two days for sure I'll tweet out a link
so that you guys can follow that we did
a livestream at VidCon it was a lot of
fun it kind of gives you an idea of what
playlist live or VidCon in that case was
like but it's weird because this is the
longest that Jenna and I have gone
without being together I'm already kind
of missing them I'm already kinda
dreading that I'm leaving them I know DC
and place live will be so much fun but
it would be a lot more enjoyable if they
were there too so they can't be here
with them I decided to get like a care
package going which consists of goodies
drinks and then I got something fun for
Noah and Jen to do while I was gone I
think they're really gonna like it I'll
show you guys what I got I decided to
get all of their favorite snacks so Jen
loves croissants she also loves us like
free water lately and blue Gatorade Noah
likes apple juice he usually drinks out
with half water so half water half apple
juice they both love the extra toasty
cheez-its
they both love the veggie straws Jen
loves these pollen pill Twizzlers and
she also loved flamin hot cheetos my
flight is at I don't know what time but
we're leaving around 5:30 so I'm gonna
leave them this little note heard a note
says Missy both already love Sam and dad
that's how I had tried to spell that dad
oh yeah and PS drinks or this is really
hard to hold on I'm gonna put this down
drinks were in the fridge
you guys remember how Noah was running
around with his buddy on that little
like a TV thing well I found one at
Walmart that was on sale it was only
about like $40 so I was like holy cow at
that price this would be so fun for them
to do while I'm gone I'm actually kind
of sad I won't be there to witness it so
I'm saving a little button for him to
push and drive it goes two miles per
hour so I'm gonna get that charged and
all ready to go we'll be waiting here
when they wake up the key to happiness
is not buying food not buying toys but I
want them to have a fun time while I'm
gone I'm sad that they can't be there
with me Jenna's just so tired of
traveling she said ah I'm gonna stay
back it'll be better if I'm here with
Noah we especially feel bad that he
keeps having to fly on the plane so miss
you guys I know you're seeing this now I
miss you guys already but this will be a
lot of fun you have to record it Jen I
want to see how it goes
cool I think it's all ready to go and
see whoa
originally I'm trying to get him a
t-ball set because we've been looking
for one I'm just gonna have to order one
online because it's like a seasonal item
and they've cleared the store of almost
all that stuff I think that's why this
is on sale too because we're only gonna
be able to use it for a short period of
time you're ruining it you're not
supposed to come downstairs I'm like
chasing Jen I'm like Jen you're not
supposed to go downstairs yet that's
supposed to come down here well
ruining this okay don't look at anything
is that no you're supposed to say that
either
no you didn't know I want you guys I've
something to do on God you ruined the
surprise
die does until it's seasonal
so everything's done so oh my gosh oh
he's gonna be so happy I need to leave
the house in a bout yes four hours four
hours for our flight I just uploaded a
vlog which was super late we have a
draft today another fantasy draft that I
did not know was gonna happen today
until just this morning and that's
actually with Danny and Travis and
Tyler's in it and maybe this is Danny's
time to get redemption for the
Blackhawks winning although Tyler and I
were selected to have the best teams
just straight out of the draft anyways
you guys don't even care about that but
I did get the vlog up and it's just been
a crazy hectic day going to all these
YouTube conventions Jenna and I love it
it definitely takes it out of us kind of
just making sure we have everything done
before we go and then whenever tricks
and ins is involved we have to make sure
all of that is set up so just the whole
process is it's kind of it's not just
like packing your bags and go and
there's a lot that goes into it I'm
gonna walk down through on how she can
get footage uploaded online so that we
can still walk together those of you
that are in DC I'm excited to see you
guys come by the tracing booth come hang
out we'll have to make video messages
for Jen and Noah since they can't be
there so if you are there and you do see
me make sure you say hi I'm not scary I
am taller than people usually assume
though I really think I'm just an
average like height I need to go to bed
this is gonna be more like a nap but
tomorrow we take off off the DC I hope
to see some of you guys there
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood you ready to go to
Universal he's ready from a wizard
what's go you're gonna be with Ravenclaw
Gryffindor
