believe me
welcome to I'm Kelsey and this ashley
and we're bffs welcome to the blog oh
snap this just in a sneak peek sneak
peek sneak tricks in peak oh look at
that oh wow Oh slow hello okay everybody
see the one block Jen did an unboxing
don't hisses oh wow I thought you were
done buying shoes yeah describe those
Jen we five dollars Jen you have to
describe him and give him like a
colorway name and stuff hardly used yes
vnds very near dead star
this boy know why you're in that's one
way to go on a tricycle okay be careful
we went to the little indoor play place
this morning but I am really record
anything cuz mill is just kind of
wandering and playing don't know what
good bro and then he entails been
playing so much today mom fan with your
friend oh oh oh you're gonna hurt
yourself oh there you go oh you okay
buddy I should have warned her that the
camera was out should he ran inside and
you put between your legs again yeah we
got like crazy yeah yeah that was crazy
oh oh there you go there you go no
thinks that's pretty funny huh no are
you getting tired buddy yeah
yeah do that face again tail oh my knee
is like oh there you go hey I was yeah
I'm like I'm still recording see see
it's recording Noah see that no that's
recording your face gonna be on the
video yeah Te'o watches the shaytards
you like the shaytards hey your mom is
bunny looks we zoom in on your mom yeah
these are lovely next-door neighbors hi
media Oh Louie news mile high this boy
is literally covered in dirt
oh boy oh wait you're making a mess
flashing now we seriously have the
greatest neighbors they are pretty
awesome no one just loves both money and
Lily will follow him around any anywhere
he goes haha oh you like Te'o a lot and
they're really nice and let no just come
into the house oh the time I can't
control in he just wants to go in there
and hang out I'm like okay let me know
when you want me to take them home that
were there pretty great Todd I know
you're watching this they're fun they're
fun huh how greater our neighbors will
make a baby how great are our neighbors
huh do you like our neighbors too yeah
see they're the best neighbors uh-huh
through the best neighbors ever yeah I
left out in the neighbor department oh
hey cube tray so old and bread whoa
you're getting me all wet kid gave me
away this boy is so tired look at him
he's like already falling asleep just
laying you have fun day huh yeah I had a
fun day okay say goodnight seen a night
world no is asleep he's been up he's
even up on an awfully casa turns out of
her and David we're craving watermelon
think so I also got you and move okay
yes and people don't tell me this is
already on netflix it better that it's
bad but i'm having chicken netflix like
every day no the last time I writer we
filmed uh and that was like how I got
you in a movie and then it runs like
it's on netflix and I was like yeah yeah
so watermelon the movie we've been on a
movie kick this week we stayed up
watching it interstellar interstellar
whoa okay first time seeing that movie
people kind of compared it to inception
I thought interstellar was much better
than inception yeah
and we watched it pretty late at night
and there I just couldn't even fall
asleep after that I just thought about
space and the sky no I can't think about
it if we go out and kids black holes and
it's all relative hahaha it was trippy
and don't you like a t-shirt shirts for
us too yeah game is on Thursday and I'm
going to miss it and I'm glad that I'm
going to miss it because I love college
football season maybe Jenna yeah I wish
I want to go i'm gonna try but the
game's at seven and noticed but no no
I'm riled up for like four hours it
would be fun yes she goes for a little
bit you can go early be fine yeah we
should go yeah we'll go we'll see game
day shirts thanks babe yep very excited
love ya know is ball night fun good
workout good what up peeps I'm driving
in a parking lot
eating an uncrustable I like to eat
incredibles frozen it's kind of weird
but I just enjoy them that way I want to
say something to you guys but I'm gonna
wait till i'm parked if he has follow me
on instagram you saw that last night i
went and looked at stars after watching
interstellar that movie is just crazy
anyone that's seen it and has understood
the movie it just like envelops your
mind and you get caught in just this
it's like being a kid again your
imagination just runs wild so I was like
I gotta go just stare the stars cuz when
you really think about space it's like
oh I can't even describe it spaces it's
crazy I love movies that make you think
like that that just make you there
really gets your mind going so if you
guys have any other movies that you like
that are similar to interstellar let me
know because jenna and i want to watch
them a little something growing coat of
my head after staring up space for so
long okay i love it guys quick update
100k dance party i have a definitive
date when it will be posted sep tember
15th 100k dancing going crazy all day
all night yeah yeah also i told you guys
to tweet me pictures of your phones with
the RetailMeNot app on it and i was
gonna give out some shirts originally i
was like just gonna do one shirt but I
think it'd be fun to do three shirts so
I randomly selected three people that
had tweeted me the screenshots and
jenica when there's aa who are they
Sarah Z Gabrielle and Nicole YC so
you'll be getting a DM from Sam see what
yes i am going to DM you guys very soon
you need to respond to me seriously
within as soon as possible hey I'm gonna
send you a DM it'll probably be you'll
probably be asleep let's be honest but
when you wake up gosh I hope you've seen
this well I'll say in the message to but
let me know what you guys sizes and
then if you're comfortable your address
because i'm just going to mail it
straight to you guys the shirt cool oh
and also the color side note in order to
do this I had to open up a 24-hour
campaign of the shirt so you have one
day less than one day less than one day
watching this video right now you
probably have about 12 hours maybe less
too if you didn't get the shirt the
first time the good morning sweet world
shirt I'll put a link in the description
you have literally a couple hours to
order yours and that's it and then we're
posting a new one really excited tellers
working on something else I don't know I
could be like another week but I'm
excited about what's next um gosh I want
to do that other one too anyways all
right fun things there it is
congratulations we'll have to give out
more shirts in the future it'll be fun
I'm not sure when but love to have like
competitions like give out a couple
shirts every month you might be cool so
cool I think so alright guys will see us
tomorrow bye if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good I thought uncle still are
always the secret clips where i zoom
into your nose you just never have
anything inside though you
