good morning sweet world outside not
them sorry we're from Eton and you're
watching Senegal oh hey welcome to
Tyler's forever
whoa yeah this is nice fancy
thanks man yeah good morning what are
you eating eating some nectarine slices
say I haven't found a fruit that you
don't like although I haven't really
tried like papaya and stuff like that
he'll be all the fruit you love fruit
huh you think I'm weak I just had some
green juice too huh some green smoothie
juice hmm so cute oh oh oh you got it
geez fruit monster what yeah you guys
have fruit on your hand huh yeah good
chew can't you a no joke there like five
flies in my house right now well there's
two in the kitchen and there's like a
keep laying fruit flies bananas and
stuff I usually keep my fruit on them
I'm like that counter we should have our
door open cuz no one's playing outside
on their own there's three flags there's
three fives in my kitchen right now and
I want them dead I fly died a few
moments later I'm so happy he's starting
to eat peanut butter and jellies guys
well I'm kind of destroy them those of
you that have been watching the videos
for a while know that I always have to
look for deals like I like deals on food
I like deals on anything I buy and if I
don't check for a deal it just eats me
up inside my go to and I just introduced
this today hon for the shoes and all
that stuff is retailmenot.com it is by
far the best website to get coupon codes
for when you're online shopping or in
stores and the best part is that it's
free they contacted me again and wanted
to help sponsor today's video which i
think is freaking sweet because I love
them the basic way to describe what it
is is like if you go to a store you
forget a coupon or you're online
shopping and you need one
can use their app or go on their website
they support around 50,000 stores
Best Buy I use it every single time I go
to Old Navy Target Jen uses it when she
goes to Ulta the cool part too is it
even has deals on food like we have this
local establishment called firehouse
pizza and they have awesome deals for
that too the hardest place for me to
find coupons too is like when I'm in
stores when I'm online retail me not
calm easy for me actually having the app
you can open it when you're in a store
and then I'll show you the coupons that
are available it is so sweet so if you
guys want it you can text sanika to four
to seven six seven and then like I'm
showing you right here I'll actually
send you a link to the app store where
you can download it for free everything
is free this is just seriously the
easiest way to save money on stuff that
you already buying if you're on a mobile
device or on a computer whatever you can
also just click on the link that I put
in the description so last time we
talked about this I had you guys post in
the comments like once you downloaded it
I want to do that again but this time
send me a screenshot with the app on
your phone and then tomorrow I'm gonna
pick one of you guys to give a free
Samak a shirt too because those are
about to come out and so I thought it'd
be fun if I gave one away I've been
given one away yet so there's one way to
start doing that download the app take a
screenshot of it on your phone tweet it
to me here's my Twitter account right
here and then by the time I post the
next video I will just interject a clip
where I'm selecting someone and then
I'll let you know what how are you
managing to pick those up when I wasn't
here yeah thank you guys
oh this is a salmon Noah now shoot
baskets make it know what
people good job buddy yeah there she was
the big walk yeah yeah hey God Wow loose
you further back - huh whoa you gotta
aim kid oh he's so happy he's Jay
high-five
he's not even looking away shoot this is
an outfit number three today for Noah
all right he's pooped out of like four
shirts today three male three shirts and
pajamas I just woke up from a nap with a
poopy badge that was fun yeah do you
like that boo dog thank you I was just
here we go up naturally
that's your new blue dog huh where's
your other one in the wash because you
got poop all over it
I hope so music oh I hope he warms up to
that one cuz the other one needs a
little bit of a break tonight is a big
night for me because it is the day of my
fantasy football draft we created our
fantasy football league years ago I
think this is our seventh or eighth year
and it has been a great way for me to
stay close to my friends from college
and also from high school and throughout
my entire life our league has about 12
guys including me and every year we get
together for the draft whether it's
online or in-person and we're able to
have a reason to talk catch up have fun
we have a trophy which makes it extra
intense
we have huge bragging rights on the line
and there's also something for the loser
so it's something fun that we do each
and every year it makes the football
season super fun and I look forward to
it
and everyone described Tyler's apartment
with one word yeah Wow
you don't want to be here more than our
place now huh Wow cool book show
whistles little record player up there
Wow your succulents goodness his place
is already more put together than ours
and we like literally we just started
putting stuff on our walls and you gonna
move in he's got mirrors and plans
what's already homey yeah but the thing
is we were married for years before we
had Noah and we still had nothing on our
walls or in our house it looks so put
together
Tyler has invited us over for burgers
tonight
nice what's one of the scrimmaging Tyler
you're gonna make this oh you're on the
cigar dive it's already so put together
I just ran a full - Sol sold so yeah I
feel that oh I like it
no it's many things but it's like yeah
they're just got your own place what is
your house what is it yes coming in hot
the only thing missing is candy Ross the
murders
to be sitting right here Logan campus
okay put him on speakerphone excuse me
sir describe Tyler's new place in one
word phenomenon look at this lamp we're
getting right inside that lamp Jessie
this little plant thing I tell her has
to it's a Bassel Bellatrix bo and berry
you put the water in there
it grows Tyler loves spaghetti he's made
his vassal on his spaghetti this is the
first-ever meal at the Shelton
presidents the tribe Tyler residence
thank you thank you sir wow that's a lot
of ice oh my Tyler just cooked us up
some burgers if you want a burger eat a
burger even got me some signature spicy
pickle chips
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood Oh Sandra Oh teddy
bridgewater in my blood
