good morning sweet or oh my name is
Jenny and I am from Norway and you're
watching sabaka bugs hey cool dude what
do you think you're doing he's a happy
sunday say happy sunday photo shoot in
the car what's up what's up Oh Noah
dejan hasn't instagrammed in four days
so he's required a full-on photo she
wants a tumblr pic he wants tumblr pics
until he took a shower five times in row
and then got dressed put on some spray
some inspiration okay for welcoming my
brothers well I so uh okay Tyler's you
mean it too oh yeah group shot it's
based around Tyler cuz it captured will
be welcome home wow you guys thanks guys
how you feel about that Noah
you're just trying to drive the car
thinks he owns the place log today the
day's almost over what happens on
Sundays when he'd take a nap it anyway
those been playing with his buddy all
day and basically feels like he owns
their house now and just walks over
knocks on the door see if taya wants to
play Omar should so fine really cute he
also thinks that he can just go in their
house whenever he wants to him play with
his toys it's kind of hilarious and now
I thinks he owns the car now he thinks
he owns daehan's car huh whoa did you
hit that with your face hahaha and I did
a tumblr pic right now I think it's
pretty hilarious cuz uh they needed the
golden hour light what should we take it
ready oh and here comes Sam I know I've
accorded him don't worry I know the
first time it was on accident
hey are you gonna drool all over
daehan's car are you drooling all over
Dion's car well look tails out your
uncle who the tail tails out he'll
probably go right over okay psycho my
friend my friends here I need to compose
my friend now we've been playing all day
Mike not you or what you see oh ok he
just thinks all this is his now and you
give them an inch and he goes a mile
that one oh it's a tumblr pick on that
on the railing I'm doing the honors of
taking it thank you okay Dave are you in
the picture you're gonna watch Noah
supporting Oh film to have your people
what's up people I'll just lean it away
again we're very snake keep sliding it
keeps finally I see it yeah I see it
it's the same kind that you saw each
other just like way bit rattled ah ok
Cobra oh here I lost it yeah it was
right it was right here there's shoot
took off yes hey Joe fan okay how's your
diamond when I'm hola you just move the
tripod took bed perfect house maybe a
debut sir what entered now perfect let's
get done more good all right I don't
want to jinx anything but Jake Arrieta
who I saw a pitch in New York against
the Mets and beat the Mets his three
outs away from a no-hitter and I don't
want to jinx it which I probably just
thought like he's jinxing it right now
fighter wait is he just playing
really good Oh Gotham what I'm socal
another what have you sailed it yeah
yeah we're still good king I'll hear
that lesson this music roll by I can
ruin something Korean yeah if you played
for Texas oh yeah give that strike to
him sir hello sir wristband still
written just appreciate history in
baseball you want you know get him one
more out one more out one more out all
right now in the catcher look at that
boy brain is evident I know it's really
funny though yeah no come on come on
don't hit it Oh
Oh give him the Scion get Mandy beside
Yong LAN Jie oh wait no hitter baseball
gotta love it marecus tort laws so I
good for that Indian food for them and
then this whole career he's never
hitting on 14 pubs history do that Mac
storied franchise this is a good how big
of a deal is it didn't get no hitter
pretty frigging video you get a plaque
yeah yeah you probably haven't made up
pretty quick everyone gets free dominos
pizza for it how'd you feel about babe
oh great like I just pitched it myself
we did that together me and him I
channeled my energy 10 on that final
pitch we did it Cubs Jake Arrieta throws
first of the career no-hitter since 2008
Carlos Zambrano it's a sixth no hitter
in MLB the season 14th in chemistry Wow
maybe less did I stop it it seems like
just yesterday I was vlogging opening
day of baseball and the Cubs they got
killed and I was like oh here we go
again but guess what they're actually
pretty good it's awesome a no-hitter I
was part of baseball history more
importantly my cody's history that i was
able to witness after the game we
watched the vmas which we recorded to
the good fast for different parts we
just wanted to see what was going on and
it can basically be summarized by these
tweets by Jenica right here these tweets
and then I responded with this and if
you saw any of it then you would
understand now that I'm a dad and not
just now I've been a dad for over a year
I start to think more about Noah's
future and the future of my kids and
when I watch and see shows like that and
how things are just changing and
changing and changing and it just scares
me and I worry about my future kids and
Noah I mean Connie running for president
I it's not going to happen he's not
gonna win but just like it the world is
getting crazy and I should worry about
my little dude I worry about our future
little dudes and dudettes I need to go
to bed today's vlog was a little bit
shorter on some
he's like John said got a church usually
come home go for sunday walks make a
good dinner and next sunday will
definitely do a better job at capturing
that because I think we're gonna start
like a dinner group with all our friends
so i'll be kind of fun so like
differences of friends can cook on
different nights specifically probably
on sunday anyways got to go to bed i'll
see you guys tomorrow base I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood I will be
happy I'm gonna be good you better
believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna
be good get that understood checking
back in with the flowers they look
pretty good I fed him that white little
dust stuff and it's uh I feel like the
fathers are getting prettier
