good morning sweet world I'm gangsta gap
in this eve in decorah Lennon min
decorah my grandma and you're watching
semi cool blog say peace say peace yo yo
morning sweet world i'm daniel from
North Carolina and you're watching it's
really boy taking everyone for a ride
push my new hold on your back he's been
very excited to see you know he can give
to you a hug no your friends back he's
so happy that his friends I look he's
just like saying he knows not to own
people's houses without asking oh really
and he's just so happy as friends there
no your friends home are you happy your
friends home yeah well like saviola it's
so happy you like city pools and let me
to have a little bit more of a monument
touring but I didn't really happen no
just follow him around the rest of the
day
good morning happy Saturday now happy
sunday if you're watching this a day
later I by no means am an expert on
relationships or women in my almost five
years of being married to jen and just
growing up throughout life I've realized
that it's good to feel loved every
single day that's the kind of messed up
thing about holidays I love holidays
like I go crazy for all the holidays but
it's funny how like for just one day we
focus around Mother's or Christmas or
Easter when it's stuff that we should
recognize every day of our lives if it's
something we truly believe and love I
love gin she's the most amazing woman in
the world I'm so happy that she can put
up with me and that we've been married
and happily married for now almost five
years which has flown by I want to do
something for her like every week when
we were in college I didn't really buy
her flowers that much because number one
she just wasn't like a big fan of them
she said and two we just didn't have the
money to spend on it and we'd rather get
like fun snacks instead Jen works so
hard for our family she's such an
amazing mother such an amazing wife that
I want to do something special for her
every week I don't know if it will be
the same thing every single week most
importantly I want Jen to always feel
loved based on how I treat her our
actions our time spent together our
conversations but I think a reminder is
good to something like flowers so I just
went and picked these up what I'd like
to do is kind of get her flowers every
single Saturday for the rest of our
lives and just have him there maybe it
will be there when she wakes up in the
morning or I was thinking I was like man
when we're out of town they'll be kind
of rough but I just want that reminder
and then those flowers can stay there
throughout the week just buying someone
flowers doesn't tell them you love them
but it's it's definitely a reminder so
starting today I'm starting a new
tradition and hopefully it goes well
those real yeah we got to get some fire
hey guys so me and Noah are heading off
to little Hughes birthday party he turns
one on Monday and so we're just gonna go
over and celebrate with her and her
family and friends so it should be
really fun I'm got my little birthday
present and we're really excited that
little Hubert he's so cute so we're
excited to spend some time with friends
I'm gonna go pick up maddie and Hallie
right now zombie fun and it'll be good
night hopefully I can get some footage
sometimes I don't always film you know
like a row effect I just don't know how
comfortable everyone is you know but
I'll get some footage singing happy
birthday or something so should be fine
hopefully all the babies get along hey
happy birthday Thank You Bert yeah yeah
do you like your tractor from Noah you
know what were you doing she's giving me
the biggest smiles right now hi sweetie
hi kiss my nose my can you smile oh it's
you so happy hi oh yeah oh gosh my turn
hey where are you going excuse me mister
hey put you know we're back push it you
push the button put your feet on your
scooter bomba push mine back
just the right button keep going keep
going who's gonna come get you okay
little baby he's gonna come get you it's
really way taking everyone for a ride
okay please somebody push my new hold on
oh good everyone know what are you
giving hugs now okay be gentle hugs you
just give them pushing the birthday boy
right
it's been a pretty uneventful saturday
at least for me while generals of the
birthday party having fun I was trying
to clean up the house get laundry done i
also finally was able to mount the TV
this is the second TV that we have
mounted in let's see two days and
mounting a TV really isn't fun at all we
mounted one at tylers yesterday and then
we got one up at our place today the
funny part I would say it's funny
frustrating part is we had everything we
felt centered all ready to go like an
hour or two later we hang the TV up we
step back to take a look at it and it
was completely slanter than crooked so
it took us a while to get that fixed but
we finally got it going now I just need
to hide the wires and I think it will
look a lot nicer Jenna's kind of wanted
to mount the TV for a while just so it's
out of Noah's reach I also realized how
grateful I am that Noah has a friend
next door to play with because in the
area that we live in there's a ton of
college kids that are moving in and like
taking over the space which I'm totally
cool with it doesn't bother me at all it
was just nice that no I had someone that
lives so close that he can play with we
don't live super close to any of his
cousins so it's cool that he has friends
that he can play with I feel like that's
super important for kids to have
interaction with other kids and then
they kind of learned how to be nice how
to share how to not hit I feel like a
couple months ago Noah's little rougher
around other kids but he's really gotten
better and even with us he'll walk up
and be like hey I gotta eat this like
the other night I was throwing sticks
around and whenever I didn't have a
stick he would he go find me one so we
both had a stick to play with it's just
super cute he also just randomly gives
kids hugs I think it's because whenever
we go to a convention like vloggerfair
play the slot VidCon we hug you guys and
then he sees it happen so the knee
whenever he sees little people around
his age he just has to go up with how
cuz he feels like that's what you do so
anyways hope you guys are going to
wonderful weekend someone made a
compliation to me saying wonderful i'll
have to post at some time in a walk
because it's really funny i say
wonderful a lot we'll see us tomorrow
bass
can reach a few too soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood great
and wonderful day had a wonderful day a
wonderful it's been wonderful had a
wonderful day and have a wonderful
weekend have a wonderful at a wonderful
have a wonderful day so wonderful
hopefully you're having a wonderful hump
day the wonderful day have a wonderful
it's been a wonderful easter wonderful
it's so wonderful wonderful yes they're
all wonderful have a wonderful it looks
wonderful and wonderful have a wonderful
friday have a wonderful weekend
wonderful I don't want to predict so
wonderful wonderful hope you guys had a
wonderful i'll have a wonderful to the
wonderful and wonderful how wonderful
you know wonderful have a wonderful
blessed day
