good morning sweet world my name is
Nikki and I'm at work in New York City
and you're watching
sanika blogs hi baby Noah I hear they've
got to know good authority good morning
sweet world Noah over here wants to do
backflips on more day oh yeah it was
nice man and he loves them you want to
do another one well one more okay hold
on to mommy
ready one two yeah good job Noah that's
awesome man
you had the craziest little one-year-old
I've ever met
I mean I mean crazy I mean cool you're a
cool crazy all right one more one more
back foot ready that backflip though oh
now The Price is Right is back on cities
oh yeah cheer everyone I know what
you're everyone on there all clapping
all the green work stuff cool
oh yeah we just don't have a yard teaser
you know that take care of it for us
I've done that in my life before I've
moved many lines yeah have a good day
hello world we are eating burritos and
this is the first time that Tyler has
ever had a burrito in his life
wow this is really good and I'm like oh
yeah delicious like in my first burrito
I've ever had in my life
oh no you've had more burritos than
Tyler yeah that is insanity this is my
spot
thanks for coming to my club will you
please hand this receipt to the
gentleman when he asks for it
when I first met Sam this was his
everyday shoe fairies he were these
every single day fairies every single
day and now he's a sneakerhead there's
berries - fire fire I likes berries so
almost any fairies are rose yolks
Stan's socks would you ever wear a pair
Spurs again yeah yeah they're comfy
they're really cute you probably ought
to be on the beach in the Caribbean or
something right they're not going where
you like really yeah
oh when they know we'll have a little
Socrates let's see if they have a tea
ball here we can that and baseball and
that and TV knows what to do with it if
you likes it enough maybe we'll get it
fun yeah I feel like you would enjoy
hitting a ball off of a post then I
think you might just like throw the ball
I don't know no concept it like I think
if I started doing it than you did yeah
I think yes do it first anytime we are
near escape words long boards or
anything out on the street to them that
was exactly they're never you know it
snowboarding now Noah your spider look
at that ball Majid issues perfectly
we're gonna look at that big hoop no wow
look at that hoop Noah no look at this
hoop oh he just saw the wall of
basketballs he just saw the wall oh look
at that here shoot it yeah basketball
hoop huh
what is it see people be ball he threw
it in Wow hi for you man I did not very
long about only 2 years you didn't kick
it kick it a few moments later Bobby
it's ok yeah the saddest baby because he
doesn't want to leave Sports Authority
I'm sorry you guys look at that face
he's looking yes you're in the PAS
beautiful oh oh it's ok we'll go play Oh
let's go playing right now we can go
play basketball on soccer
is that cool do you have that man let's
do it no he's only out now it's ok no
like I'm giving you the cold shoulder
you took me out of my favorite place
yeah Firehouse Subs jeez
my kid way to pull my heartstrings
that's exactly how you get what you want
Noah yeah not yet I'm sure it'll happen
eventually but we've been strong but
it's hard to be strong when that pouty
lip is so cute and he's been doing it
since the day he was born
no literally if you go back to his birth
log he was doing it the same way he was
born and I like feel like neither one of
us really like do that it's a deal
you're impersonating a puppy yeah put
him in that pouty lip so cute he was
really poor no I'm just not that start
taking him there just to run around and
play with us the balls and stuff you're
cute but you're cute little sports guy
he's such a good oh you're such a good
helper banging those avocados inside
muscles seriously you're strong you're
so strong I want to keep helping mom
good job no uh kick him to mommy thank
you got a weekly Sam's Club fruit hall
here and Sam's and festivals and we much
like the natural growth knack we have a
canaveral natural grocery store here so
we might find a little some old drinks I
might have gotten these little cookies
for no to try I hear a baby up to no
good
Wow ready ready ready crazy
dad's always get the best laughs ready
what time is it what time is it you said
hey let's watch an episode of Dance Moms
but every night this week actually
phones but every night this week you
said you have like 15 episodes of Dance
Moms to watch I just look for things
that we can do together that he likes
and that he enjoys so it's Dance Moms
night voracity I'm just actually falling
asleep don't fall asleep and they'll
stay up all night throw you will love
you puzzling a date night and we had
sushi it was really fun
I just had to bear her down eating great
I love great
be good Ivan you better believe I will
be allergies comes me realize get that
beast would I'm too watery I'm like you
better believe it
that's I was behind you in Spanish look
at mine you love you look at him are you
Oh anybody I recognize those voices to
be the same tears mean you oh I love it
dad is that you dad don't look at me
like that
dad you're so weird it's me bud
