what is up and welcome to the weekend
quad can you guys tell that I found my
hair product again become Volvo luminous
this is not actually this is like waking
up and not doing anything to my hair I
remember the last time I talked about
the hair someone had commented that
lived outside the United States and said
people may and men in the United States
they just care and spent so much time
about their hair and stuff like that
guys I should do a hair routine video
for you one day because this is how it
goes
done when you record your life often
sometimes you just talk about stupid
things one not stupid thing though I
lost two pounds this week I told you
guys six pack by summer trying to be fit
for this baby Jenna and I are trying to
go to the gym every single weekday with
the kids having their colds we couldn't
take them to the like there's a daycare
thing we pay for they're like and it's
only about ten bucks which is amazing I
tried this Mediterranean catering food
delivery thing for lunches because for
me I just I'm terrible at lunchtime when
I worked at my desk job we would have
catered lunches and we would pound like
3,000 calories at lunch I swear so I'm
trying something new and it worked for
me the first week I don't think it's
sustainable economically because it is a
little more expensive it's pushing me to
meal prep for lunch better and I'm
getting some ideas and I wanted to do it
another week because I did lose two
pounds just from that and the people are
really nice to that run it so this
morning I just went and picked up my
meals for the upcoming week so I'm back
with my meals my plan is to get to the
point where they have like um they have
these like like meal prep containers ya
know but they have these shaped ones
yeah so I want to like make my own and
it's Mediterranean food so I get
broccoli got some meat like this right
here well that's actually a bigger but
still for a meal so I ordered mine like
really last minute and just want to pick
it up there's like 332 calories chicken
rice much so I have it I probably should
eliminate rice a little bit but this
feel erase isn't as bad I don't think
got a big thing of hummus YUM that looks
good snack on sometimes the protein
bites
yeah it is 120 calories per bite but
that's good it kind of like really made
me not want a snack morning problem with
when you have kids is they eat so often
and they snack so often and when they're
eating you want to eat this has helped
me so far so I'm gonna go from this to
preparing my own and then six-pack buy
something and me just lose the baby
weight
he's very sweet to me you I have found a
picture four years ago when you're
bringing it and I feel like you're even
more beautiful today I just mean that I
know I know he means it but when the
guy's never been pregnant and just felt
it so you're not in their body I know we
just here's Dean and I think you was the
third kid yeah at you I mean I do very
little work in that you're the one
someone feet yeah for your body to
change that many times
well shout out to the Mount I can't
believe we're already here number three
bang bang today almost 25 weeks
approaching it yep that's kind of what
I'm doing
I've been running outside a little bit
we want to go to the gym I don't really
like running outside I feel like it
hurts my knees I feel like I've been
these my dad has bad knees he broke his
like slash knees skydiving it seems like
the weakest part of me there it is
I got you some too I did some for dinner
and lunch last week but yeah I also need
to get these next morning good morning
sweet world we just got back from church
PJ stayed with Jenica and her class
because she couldn't go to nursery
because she's had a runny nose and we
don't want the other kids to get sleep
sick where did you go
hi Mary you didn't cough at all
he didn't coffee said no I only sound if
you need a coffee just you know cuz he's
really good at covering yeah yeah but he
I think he tries not haha hey Noah I
heard you're really good at primary from
multiple people every single Sunday I
hear that you're like really really
really good
apparently he sits very still listens
and sometimes even answers one call the
bunt
I tell a lesson today it's called a
yearning from home or yearning for home
did you know this story have you heard
about Bobby the wonder dog no let me
tell you about it there is a family that
lived in Oregon that went on vacation to
Indiana and while they're on vacation
their dog is lost 2,000 miles away they
had their dog with them and they're in
Indiana from work and their dog was lost
they had to drive back home without
their dog but Bobby the wonder dog was
able to track them down
yes 2,000 miles back to their house he
showed up with his paws all mangled and
hurt and people had helped him along the
way and fed Bobby the wonder dog and
there's accounts of this yeah Bobby the
wonder dog
monarch butterflies birds the Arctic
Tern that flies from the Arctic Circle
to Antarctica
almost 60,000 miles all these animals
insects they all have this thing inside
of them an instinct that pushes them
that directs them what do us as humans
have that's up for you to this end okay
I think in my lesson though we talked
about like the call of heaven the light
of Christ
so yeah I thought lesson Jenni usually
teaches but she someone else honors I
don't want to miss it
PJ because we kept her home except for
that part anyways we are here we are
about to make some lunch hopefully get a
little nap and maybe catch a little
Olympic action get ready for the
upcoming week and my cousins are
actually in town so we might go see them
tonight for dinner they're cyclists then
we go cycling right and once they were
actually go see a movie with them
documentary about cycling and then I'm
pretty sure Sampson to come home I wanna
go cycled probably I almost did like a
year ago and it probably be good for me
phones work out but it's a really good
workout just cool there's a lot of
people like it really hurt on bikes all
right
yeah we're hit by cars oh yeah
but when you're doing it say when you're
safe it is good run probably better than
like running on pavement you jump with
your shoes on yeah yeah I got a 30 min
nap I got along that you just said if
I'm in nap in the car right now we made
it to Scottsdale where the houses are
ginormous Marina go eat dinner with my
cousins
cycling yeah what do you think of these
houses are they bigger small small I
want to cactus like that my front yard
ready oh oh it's not really a swinging
kind it's more of like a relaxing yeah
should I do a little pan well that's a
good cuddle you're getting this is why
this Beckett
backyard so pretty they have like a
whole like deck and patio and huge and
pool and the pool
let's eat it over there that's our
cousin Eric he's on vacation from kids
yeah and he's playing with our kid hey
that's a cool thing my cousins are like
older than me but I saw her like still
play with my kids yeah they can guns
what
