these other bids are dollar all right we
made it home from the game apparently
the kids were good because well their
life my baby's not here yet
Jen what we're gonna do I usually really
couldn't looking at my calendar and I
did one loop seen it look at my calendar
and this is where it's I know what
anyone not to have fun
what and and
shut up ten shut up are you serious no
that's like really strong no you have to
give me like a real test
you know wait am I seriously okay no did
she take this is this a prank no this is
yours
seriously okay once you guys go you
can't go on you do any minute
Jenna's telling me that there's no way
there is no way there is no way no way
no way no way
I say let's ignite hey
if you really pregnant like I'm like oh
I'm excited I'll love you and no matter
what oh my gosh oh my gosh I'm seriously
freaking out you guys literally oh
there's a Chuck behind us 100% was only
taking that as a joke because I was like
I'm not pregnant like
oh gosh she should have been buying Oh
oh gosh oh gosh oh gosh oh gosh let's
just it lets you test oh gosh look at it
over 99% accurate look at that one but
it could be negative and because
remember that I don't know I don't know
that night and in the next morning are
you serious I'm kidding me
oh I'm a day late I think I'll be
tomorrow I'll have it isn't that what
you said today yeah and then they say oh
go get a pregnancy test Miriam oh my god
you did you take this are you this
elaborate prank oh is this an elaborate
prank oh my god hey but here she's me
really cute holy crap we've told a lot
of people that - that's a really but we
didn't get this drawing of like quick
tests I know it's like it's meant to be
holy cow wait hi guys a different kind
there's a little pregnancy test no brand
is more accurate results five days or
sooner oh my gosh testing early wait
number of days before the expected
period negative 1 minus 1 95%
I'm happy I'm great honestly all I'm
grateful for baby I didn't see her I
didn't see this so easy to go a couple
of more hours it's officially due date
no it's not very specific in your County
that's okay you'll know how to make it
for the next time and then for this time
I took it I took one this one's from
yesterday and this one's from the night
before you like hey when you tell you
about my sickness they already knew also
this is for future vlog here's a little
pregnancy update Sam just put this in
like the pregnancy folder so I talks
about being pregnant I was just like
completely shocked out of my mind
and
it's kept freaking out majorly freaking
out I didn't kind of like major you
freaking out because it was a surprise
um kind of surprised yes well a surprise
and I wasn't expecting it but I'm
getting more excited no I am excited
it's just I still feel real because it's
just weird I have my daughter's my mind
set up for the end of October which will
make it feel very real six weeks
pregnant
no five weeks pregnant this week and she
is 40 41 weeks pregnant my gosh she's
bigger than got like pusher opj wants to
say thank you polka dots
you don't know none of my friends can
hang out today so I have no birthday
party birthday party no none of my
friends were free I got you something
for your birthday
really yeah yeah I know and turns out I
was pregnant last week oh she's like
yeah Penelope's like three we just told
Sam's parents and they were like what
you'll be a young mom I'll be an old
yeah my gosh I'm not joking
I was gonna wait on your birthday but
but I decided to just tell you now a
little pregnancy update for Sam to add
to the archive of pregnancy updates I'm
six weeks today officially starting to
feel like that okay the pit in your
stomach just never ends and like you say
anything or else you feel sick I hate
that feeling
that's what I'm currently feeling and it
always starts at six weeks for me so
that's commonly happening and that's
like I'm dead serious rage no don't
worry I felt that as well wait don't you
have something like up in there can you
see you swimming what happened hello yes
look at her are you saying man is gonna
be next to grow more boy last week Jenny
girl twins creo update for the archives
Sam put in the folder for later if you
want to keep these no I'm almost seven
weeks been feeling real sick this week
six weeks hit and I just was like so so
gaggy
not like I wanted to throw up if there
was a few times nowhere I did what about
them but just like it felt like there's
like a pit in my stomach and sometimes
it feels sour and sometimes it feels
hungry and sometimes it's just like just
hurts and eating doesn't help or
drinking doesn't help
nothing really helps but that's been
what I've been doing I've just I've been
so exhausted that's been my number one
symptom still for the past couple two
weeks I'd say just exhaustion like I
just want to lay down and do nothing all
day which has been rough I like I forced
myself to go out on walks and stuff and
to go to take him to the park and do
stuff because it does help sometimes but
like it gets worse by the day like as
the day goes it's finally started taking
prenatals because I totally forgot about
those luck with him bless him went out
and got me some so he got the ball
yesterday and well now you really know
we're expecting another baby
and we were super surprised you guys saw
we were we weren't necessarily expecting
that our life up to this point has been
very meditated and planned and although
our lifestyle is a little different
we've kind of know what's about to come
and then all of a sudden BAM Wow in one
of the vlogs the other day I actually
put the heartbeat and no one even
noticed and I've put other little hints
here and there
we've been to the doctor we've had an
ultrasound we told the kids we have a
lot more footage with you guys to share
I want you guys to know though how
grateful and excited we really are we
were definitely shocked we've always
talked about having three or four kids
but we said we'd maybe wait another year
until we thought about having our third
and then all sudden BAM I can tell you
guys a couple of things though kids have
definitely brought me and Jen closer
together there's some crazy days kids
are a lot of work there's serious
business it's not something to take
lightly but we've grown so much over
these past couple years and we've
learned a lot about ourselves and we've
just learned more about life and I don't
think you're ever prepared for what's to
come when you're about to have another
baby but we definitely feel more ready
now than ever the baby's due in the
beginning of June and Jenna and I have a
lot of time to prepare for that and the
kids do too it's gonna be crazy the kids
are gonna be two and four or Noah will
be almost four I know the hardest part
for Jen sometimes is right after being
pregnant postpartum feelings and we have
a plan for that and she knows I'm there
for her and and we're gonna do this
I think Jen and I both knew we would
have more than two as I said we have
always talked about three and four or
four but it's kind of weird that this
like could be it you know so we're
definitely taking every day and and
being grateful for that and it's it's
wild guys it's wild it's been hard to
like post things too because it's been
such a big part of our life in these
past couple weeks and we are constantly
talking to each other about it and Jen
hasn't been feeling well and we've been
doing different things and just yeah
it's good to be it I almost feel like
there's a weight off my shoulders that I
can be more open with you guys again and
not that we were like lying to you guys
but it's just with all three kids we've
always kind of waited until at least
like ten weeks to let it be known and
yeah time for
the end of an era or moving on to five
there's gonna be five of us I think you
guys will enjoy the next book
we'll see that
oh it's little it's little little it's
still growing
baby yeah
