good morning sweet world my name is a
fat and I am from the UK enjoy the walk
have a great day peace by myself so very
nice
you know the something when you're a
baby
producing
good job Singh
you see daddy
the remote was singing in it it's funny
how many shots did no make how many do
you make he tows any guesses how many
tweets my comments how many you think he
made in a row in a row from the couch
from standing up here next to me and
shooting over half of them were nothing
but net
literally the correct answer was I'll
give you five more seconds to type pause
the video twelve baskets he twelve I
probably just tweeted that - he made 12
in a row just shooting overhand from up
here it was so cool so happy he kept
clapping every time you made one more
okay shoot oh well can't make one for
the camera oh you want more he's saying
please can have the ball back say thank
you know I know can you say thank you oh
there you go that's very polite of you
you can't make one this soon to be
one-year-old uh you're gonna be wine and
this big boy hey Noah you're happy oh oh
splashes in the face splashes in the
face are you so happy to be outside now
we've been here forever
so nice no one's been here today
Cheers three other people
I'm excited about tonight and I'll let
you guys know why the best home-cooked
meals that we have ever made have always
happened after we've gotten our blue
apron box tonight we are going to
attempt to cook all three I'm serious
southern style shrimp and grits
Taiwanese three cup chicken with choy
some and jasmine rice and tomato basil
burgers I think what we'll do is cook
this all up for well I'll start it and
then Jen can eat it Noah
well if Tyler come over Dan can eat some
Erin if he's lucky of course David got a
feat David know are you gonna come in
and help me cook hey Unni come help cook
Jen's facetiming with a friend right now
you guys remember trying to Johnny they
moved and so Noah was facetiming with
vada I'm gonna start cooking this I'm
super excited because we always could
make good meals when we get this oh so
I've started to spread out we're gonna
cook all these meals right now we're
gonna have a blue apron feast got all
these fresh ingredients straight from
the farm including corn we had this in
another name I didn't know what it was
cold but I guess it's called Troy's son
cool
never got some meat and things let's get
to it
Louisiana right now we got Jimmy in the
background shoot you're gonna hook up
and quit and Billy shoot some Gators eat
some tenders look him guys have you
watching for some people
I love that show I've actually never
tried an alligator but I've always
wanted to yeah I would maybe try like
credit or deep fried alligator it's
actually super good it's just really
good fried alligator I've heard the
people who have correctly had it green I
was just going to have color all the
things I like bubbler apron is I would
never have the courage to cook grits
please good though the seasoning he said
blue apron pushes me outside your
comfort zone to the next level I'm
equipping all three meals right now
yeah I'm skating I'm working and I'm
just sitting on my butthole better let
me have the night off so I can take care
no I thought you know Gabba Gabba
remember this and now I'm eating great I
love great yo we diving in got that
shrimp veggies some grits beautiful
probably a little too watery but you
know what I like them that's a bird take
a look under the hood
that's a burger with strength yeah
although it's still lacking the what is
this a Yoli aioli olive garlic aioli
with some lemon and now we got mr. Giada
in the kitchen I say my Italian words
very Italian because I'm Italian
there we go actually looks like a nice
presentation so we're now gonna be
cooking up the chicken as well trash
some of the strip you know how it tastes
I made that
thank you to the community of but it's
not really really good really good and
daehan's currently throwing around raw
chicken like it's nbb and and UK what's
that mean I don't know day I made a late
run but I must say this smells amazing
be good all credits go out to Giada
channel Julie
yuppies chicken is that good so does it
look like the picture no look there Wow
chicken that's employer full chicken
Tyler you at the trial oh right
they give you some options every week on
what you can choose I recommend the
chicken and the shrimp and the beef
items always have been my favorite the
burger
your burger burger honestly I think you
win meal of the day meal the day
good work Dan even got Tyler clapping
over here if you guys want to try out
blue apron I will put a link in the
description you have to click on that
one to get a special deal the first a
hundred people to place an order will
get two free meals oh you could test out
daehan's chicken actually you can't they
change the meals and you can go on and
select what you want
I recommend chicken steak stuff that's
always been my favorite
I mean to get all here okay like in
distributors hopefully you like it I'm
sitting here in the classiest of
apartments of all of YouTube the one the
only tribe Tyler's place look at this
rug and the lights and the lights people
are gonna start using this place as a
showroom for the apartment complex
because they're like look what your
plates can look like and it comes with
its own very own I can't show your place
in it so Tyler got a nice 12 inch TV
that he's gonna do that's really gonna
 the room he's been building a lot
of stuff though I'm sitting on a chair
that he built there's tables there's
another table there's lamps Haley do you
like that lamp it's cool there's a
kitchen table over there and shelving
and other things I can't show it
although cannot show it all pretty much
just did there's also a penny board and
that bike we got Tyler book this bike
tell her how did your bike ride go
uploading one gear going up a mountain
yeah it was flat but it is actually
gonna hill and then when I came back I
like pebbled like twice my dress like
flew down below not only that he almost
got bitten by a snake today
he kind of snake while he was uploading
we also built this kitchen table tonight
that's cool this is cool I don't want to
show it all because Tyler's probably do
that too but the place is coming
together it's pretty cool
give it a couple more days it's gonna
look magnifico time for bed
quick question though how many of you
guys started school this week if you did
by the time you're watching this now
it's probably the weekend so that's
pretty awesome how many of you guys are
starting school next week the college
appears about to start I think on Monday
and I can just feel the energy of school
beginning a part of me kinda misses it's
kind of weird I never enjoyed studying
but school is always kind of fun but
yeah I'm glad I'm time too good luck
though guys do work with school get all
your studies done don't procrastinate it
watch the vlog as a reward right hope
you guys are having a great week hope
schools won well for those of you that
started for those of you that graduated
are done or whatever way to go way to be
an example so yes tomorrow I'm gonna be
happy I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood we want to start
streaming your guns but our internet at
our home the upload speed is so bad it
wasn't even working so I might just
start posting videos of us playing one
funny thing is that when we play Super
Smash Brothers
Dejan has the most annoying strategy
where he just flies around with kirby
drops down as a brick and it's terrible
it's absolutely terrible
