good morning sweet world I memory from
North Carolina and you're watching
simple piece she's loving it Elmo again
Oh hug for Elmo that's so nice he's so
tired he slept in past is like normal
nap time he slept in till nine-thirty
and usually goes down for a nap at like
nine so that was kind of crazy so I just
like made him stay awake and then put
him down for another nap saw way he take
a longer afternoon nap today I think
she's all that travel really got to him
we was one to bed pretty early and I
woke up before no and I was like almost
being worried like you see in there busy
breathing like she ok is his blanket
like it is he ok so I was like peek in
and he was like state of sleep and she
was crazy but you guys he's starting to
listen so much more he will see like
thank you and he'll say all like no more
all done and he'll like tell me when he
wants me like point to it and he's
giving hugs now he's giving me so many
hugs today and cuddled me he's starting
to listen and it's like amazing and
crazy he's kind of not like wild child
as he once was its crack up oh he still
has this is a attitude died but don't we
all he will scream and cry pheasant
nobody wants but yeah what's up it's mr.
show you know what's up its the showcase
from happy fat kids with another box
unboxing with this guy right here what's
your nickname tell anybody who you are
shoot
shoot i'm here with shoot doing a little
unboxing today as you can see here we
have just received in the mail Harry's
what is Harry's what could be inside
that box damn good I mean shoot could
you please open the box and let's see
what's inside as first of all the box is
very nice Oh inside the box so it kind
of gives you a detailed on the outside
with a sticker does kind of give you a
hint very clean look we go oh alright
alright very sleek design every man
deserves quality craftsmanship simple
design modern convenience and a great
shave so when we have here so first we
always got to go with the car thank you
for tuning Harry's here some some tips
to a smooth shave and that gives you a
little detailed on what to do right
there moji game on point won't know how
to shave nice color here I like the
color color scheme is very good we
definitely know how to shape will you be
saving that maybe having it over shave
shaving it WT they'll be shaving it I
will be saving it alright so we're
looking at the razor first the most
important part oh wow oh wow look at
that man oh the Sun is just glistening
off of that he's the foamposite chrome
right wow that's nice there's a very
nice plate very nice looks like a pen
novel I mean very nice pen how many
blades are there that looks like a quad
4 blades or over here we also have the
holder for that so when you travel you
can take care of that that's nice then
here we have actually could you helmet
of that circle oh well mini box without
a blade oh oh there's more than one
blade in there too bleh mmm i like it
like your blades I like
Harry's foaming shave gel hmm and
hydrates right there very night I like
the presentation of all this how does
that feel it's beautiful definitely be a
beautiful then to finish it off we have
the after shave moisturizer for about
the past year i've been using harry's
every time I shave my face you know this
this doesn't come naturally like this it
is my go-to thing for shaving I used to
buy things in the store it took forever
because they'd always be locked up plus
it's a lot more expensive to buy razors
and blades of the store Harry's delivers
right to your door it's like half the
price and if you use the promo code
sanika you'll get five dollars off the
box we just saw right there that box you
can get a whole set for 15 bucks so then
using the promo code it would be 10
which i think is an amazing price
especially because the quality is so
good I love the smell of everything
that's what I always say when I talk
about Harry's I love the smell of the
shaving cream aftershave and that's
important to me too because I like a
strong sense of smell so whenever I use
that kind of stuff I just smell it for
the rest of the day and sometimes on to
the next day so I has to smell good plus
Jim likes it so anyways if you guys want
to use my promo code sanika five dollars
off your first purchase it's definitely
worth it I love Harry's the boys are all
getting Tyler moved in which is crazy
and we've just been hanging out I think
this kid needs a nap when he starts
rolling around on the floor usually
means he's pretty tired over the ocean
yeah
hey hello there how's your morning going
sir just standing at my pre we're
getting a movie moving lots of heavy
boxes I mean Eric's car room
and I can help me out with that one no
okay today has been another busy day of
unpacking Tyler's moving truck carrying
lots of boxes getting a place for Tyler
to sit in his house or his apartment
already done so much today and now i
just edited today's vlog while driving
through the beautiful mountains of
estonian all right oh and yes i'm about
to upload this vlog we're going to a
meeting right now for something that I
have never even mentioned in the vlog
Aaron break the news first always gotta
have the sensor anywhere and start
talking we're going to playlist live DC
every single person in this car I feel
like I look really funny right on the
back seat so we're gonna go plan all of
that right now that is in like a week
and a half we can have next week next
week
no plan for that right yeah means I mean
one of my main men we're just chillin we
just went grocery shopping my little
brother came and helped me his name had
head to pocatello for a meeting cuz
they're all going to play this DC
unfortunately no one I will not be there
it's just too much me and no or just
we're just a little burnt out from all
the traveling this summer I don't think
this could could handle one more plane
fight and I don't think I could handle
lot either how would i would just be
dreading that that fight so we're just
going to stay home when daddy goes huh
so he's at the Pocatello they're having
a meeting and mean or just chillin we're
watching some American Ninja Warrior no
loves it he thinks it's so fun to watch
a new cheers and everyone cheers and
stuff it's really cute we're just eating
some rice cakes we also saw Ellie and
Jared at the store but I didn't bring my
camera or anything so so we'll see if we
have a little play date with them
tomorrow I can't get over how much snow
is changing he's such a big boy now I'm
a big boy hi hi he's such a good
listener I'm just like really he's never
you know like babies have to learn you
know and I was always like oh no so wild
and crazy and stuff but he really is
like a mellow kid especially lately he's
been listening so well he'll pick up
things if I asked him to and he will um
say please and thank you and times are
so grateful for that huh you've been so
smart isn't your word Oh see ya i'm
using my word i'm listening and cuddling
feel much more I'm not a crazy little
monster anymore well lately look at how
big he is he just like looks like a boy
now anyway what I was saying is I just
appreciate I appreciate these you
listening I haven't been appreciating
enough of Noah being a good boy you know
takes take some people telling me like
well you've up really good kid well you
know it was really good to like actually
like realize he is a really good kid you
know I see like but not so great size
know when he
upset and simple we all have those sides
like Sam seen that side of me a lot um
this past year and stuff so he's just a
good boy tonight David suggested on mac
and cheese so we are doing some mac and
cheese and a nice green salad with olive
oil and some vinegar some cucumber and
tomato so it should be really good good
and through mom better you can't tell
the good stuff obviously is green but
there's tomatoes and cucumber and
avocado in there with some apple cider
vinegar some olive oil what what's up
there what where the trees Noah do you
see any trees seany grass yeah through
there huh where are your eyes now that's
your okay that's your face now uh yeah
what do you see
you had airplane
Wow you see it
you can go find it go find the airplane
where do baby go where no go ready we're
now go
it's trying for like our bump well dude
was looking like I'm crazy and like do
anything he's like no hay on the floor
laughing I thought I did something for
those of you who don't know since
David's been living here he's been my
personal trainer and he's really mean to
me to do really hard things except for
when i try to do something he's like
that's nothing so I just me a stick to
what he knows he'll be spot it was like
oh my gosh I can't all this camera at my
arms are tired already it's good he's
been so mean to me good you just don't
mean to me but he promises to make me
look shred that way you said I shredded
shredded did you read get me ripped all
right which letter meeting and right now
we're gonna go hang out with daehan's
mom cuz she's the best did she make
korean food here we are inside of
daehan's house that's day on that stands
house got a look at where dejan grew up
my room doesn't used to be like this it
actually looks looks better now with not
words there's nothing I look that looks
better now we got Oh Dana Wow Chicago
Bulls bed I I like it look at all this
get some this birthday hon became a
beast he just looks in this mirror right
here Dallas man I've read your big gamer
look how much you've sat in that chair
that duct tape like fourth grade yo man
that's like a Star Wars chair all that
intensity right there intensity over
here this is a college town it's done on
branch off the title stickers dragon
Isis from ah oh you like oh like that
was really clever of you to put the amok
in the mouth of the Dragon good stuff
got the helmet yeah I even got the mouth
has that smell smell that time it's
rather than good it was good actually I
watch my stuff I was a kind of a clean
like a historic I wash my helmet like I
took a shower in there he's got just two
guys know he has DIRECTV in here san
antonio spurs dude i have appt chicago
bulls that trash can just like that and
dude you should probably water your
plant yeah it did let's see what else we
got here we got some who so this is like
the metal corner yep easier I can hear
that a lot of medical university
graduated from Utah State University oh
look at this new york day on jing
thursday on right there let's see what
he's what kind of shoes he's wearing Oh
what are those no stay by the dead snake
of my hands I'm skeptical
we made it back safely from Idaho hello
Ginny are you tired even watching like
something on the iPad and on the TV and
is your kindle out 20 triple tasking
cool sure it's mine on kindle week is
early brides re right to me was read too
many books like I've said many times fun
fact about Jen she reads at least a book
a day almost like doing half a book a
day anyways this is for Dan's mom
because we found out that day hon
watches everyone's vlog she watches
daehan's vloggers purse she watches
david's no mold awesome david needs to
make vlogs her what did she say to you
when we were at she thinks i'm famous
she's the only person who actually like
she's like yeah she's like hey everyone
get over here Tyler's famous you did our
kitchen and they went then what did she
say Jen hasn't heard any of this so this
is fun then what did she tell you or if
she's like wait you don't post she said
what did she say down oh you don't post
daily yeah like you don't post daily
what's wrong with you you post daily I'm
always waiting for your videos so
anyways mama Jang made everyone some
food tonight and look it doesn't look my
mom's gonna get pissed okay sorry mom's
kind of messed up right now vice through
home plate yeah the presentation to me
mad about I think it looks delicious
dejan just fried some eggs what this is
dan you said is kind of like a mongolian
BBQ but it's cream I don't even know if
that's the correct representation right
so basically it's like a mixture of a
whole bunch of stuff called peeping tom
beeping beeping pop leaping back beeping
but that's awesome as I think David's
ready for it buddy so you know we're
gonna dive into this all up so you get
like so there's rice in here meet spicy
cucumbers and lettuce and you mix it and
mushrooms boo mix it all up together so
it's like a big mixing pot of things and
then it's good it's better with a bowl
also many people have posted in the
comments of various vlogs and suggested
that I change my name to my Korean name
so for the next day or so please refer
to me as
kim shows that your name i'm kim i am
kim what's my name Kim Kim thank you all
right I'm grabbing a fork
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I love
you but oh I'm off roading I'm off
roading
