good morning sweet world my name is
Melanie and I'm from Seattle and you're
watching the sambuca vlogs have a nice
day guys good morning Seattle we are
here right now hey bubs where we headed
home do you like apples yeah
flight back to Salt Lake early morning
at biscuits and gravy and a sausage for
breakfast in our Annapolis
you ready
welcome home all right
you're so weird I saw you bring birds
from my shark hey buddy you happen to be
walking you're just laying a little
while ago so we expect we just playing
it a little while ago and got some food
and now we're gonna drive back home a
long drive
hopefully you sleep little man you know
now you're the egg that's hat that's
it's laying that it's it's a table oh my
gosh please buy that hat oh you know you
can have those yours don't you you look
so great in that hat I think he's
forgotten it's on well tassel
dingleberries we have a more fitting
which is a bullfighter oh I don't get it
get this off my head do you look like
the people from that one movie what was
that malloon they're robbing the bank
and it was really scary
no I loved it though I think he'd really
like Disneyland then look at now your
Jake Oh Sam it's really scary yeah
thank you no a balloon did you get blue
made it
I hate travel days honestly I love
traveling IBP like the coming home day
and the getting their day just with no
because he just he doesn't like flying
you know he just doesn't he likes to be
outside and not in a cramped airplane
which I understand but we made it Sam
had to head down I'm had to stay with
Tyler and Salt Lake cos he needed to get
all of his furniture stuff oh my gosh
look that little baby skateboarding
doing tricks like this
okay that's freaking hot it's hot in
Utah it's really hot
oh I'm sorry so Sam stayed down in Salt
Lake to help Tyler get his furniture and
stuff because secret secrets
someone's in Utah now so he's helping
him get all his stuff a lot of boxes
arrived so I had a drive no back and I'm
so well I think I see my little brother
skateboarding outside I think addition
cuz he's like crouched over like
wrapping his leg it's really funny I'm
all distracted right now oh he's doing
know what doing tricks Wow okay so I had
a drive home with Noah Wyle Sam helped I
like when we move Tyler helped us a ton
they won't be home for a while so I had
a drive with Noah and I as you guys know
I don't drive often but there's a reason
I don't drive you guys like I get really
tired I get road hypnosis it's a real
thing and it's bad and I get really
sleepy and just after that trip that
flying all day I was like extra tired so
I was like talking to Sam like Sam I'm
tired talk to me and then I can go with
him and I just called my mom and talked
to her last arrived so it was good
I wasn't tired when I was on the phone
so we made it we're here and this boy is
happy to be outside to be honest little
skateboard tricks tricks tricks it's so
fun to like meet new people and to just
have real conversations with you guys
it's fun a lot of people like it's weird
seeing you in real life and it's same
for me because it's so much easier like
I got saying to some of you guys and so
much easier talking to like myself cuz I
see my
but they're like talking to a camera
meaning you guys it's so awesome because
I actually get to put faces and meet new
friends it was really fun having
conversations and getting to know you
guys I like learning about you guys cuz
uh you guys know so much about us but we
don't know anything about you that was
fun we had a lot of fun oh my gosh it
was so funny someone gave me a sign that
said oh my goodness and right when I
opened it I was about to say oh my
goodness I never realized I say oh my
goodness a lot but I do say oh my
goodness and it's because when I was
first started to date Sam I went to
visit his family like all of his family
was there and it was like really scary
anyway I was sitting in the back seat
with my niece and I said oh my gosh
and she's like we don't say oh my gosh
we say oh my goodness and so everything
tonight I'm like oh it's just stuck and
I say oh my goodness way more than I say
oh my gosh it's kind of funny
I'm railing by
the identity the better I read it it had
never had it the day that we're in a
musical right now
I know a lot of you have missing uh this
handsome gent oh my gosh Noah's so happy
can I go for a ride bang override hey
Dave how's your weekend without us
that's what he said I got I'm like how
was your weekend quiet good quiet or bad
quiet why'd you say both it was cool you
know have a place to myself throw a
couple of parties but never apart you
know there's a lot of Netflix to chill
by myself yeah sometimes I do like being
alone by also it's just nice to do
something nothing with someone yeah you
know anyway I feel like anyone feels
that way just like sitting with someone
just be in the same room with someone
right having the option to have a
conversation with someone if you want to
like the solitude for like you kids oh
so depressed and you're just sitting
there like we're used to can depressed
oh I'm sure one of the comments as we
like to David will come be your friend
and hang out I'm sure all the girls are
like David I'll take you on a date
wanna date with me David then he won't
be alone sure these are bad we all
survived the weekend now we're back 1 2
3 jump
ha ha ha that's his new thing try it
again
ok lots of bruises on his shins nope
right when I I missed it you weren't
lying if you want to ride a bicycle wow
that was pretty good buh-buh-buh-buh
he's citement after you land a trick
from practicing six days bleeding out
your shin
yes I filmed that one yes I knew you
would you can do it guys he wasn't lying
good job poopy everyone say good job
poopy but yet they use the word poopy
and then no coming back to do tricks on
his skateboard you just like drags it
we're gonna help you you're strong
you're strong yeah yeah okay
yeah do you have a trick that you just
learned what the chickie just learned no
one just learned my go-to ollie up it
and I would just say oh we're doing it
here we go this is the first time ever
two people on one board
sup guys so the surprises we are moving
out moving out as you can see it's bear
it's official Dejan has gotten his own
place just kidding just moved it Tyler
has taken his talents to do to catch
Valley yeah catch Bella through that's
what the valleys called that we live in
Cache Valley he's got his bed go in bed
boxes we went to Ikea
how long were we I key it today four
hours three or four hours yeah there's a
long time I was like man I got a workout
tonight cuz we've been eating a lot of
food but being at IKEA for three to four
hours is a workout in itself especially
because we got like five cards of things
this is it
well actually this isn't it this is the
beginning
oh yeah this is this place I'll let him
give you guys a tour it's pretty nice
and I would just completely like bashful
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood look at our favorite
people yeah Oh
