this was here last year but now it's
like Sun faded it's kind of funny she
had a little late of a start today not
because we didn't wake up but because
this guy he muses nap if we have learned
anything from NGO interventions kids
come first that make sure they
well-rested so now we're ready yep how's
the park you want to get it oh my
goodness
check out this park so we have to later
today with yet we've already met oh it's
Alexa and Emily I thought I'd use their
intro before so since I did it here is
their intro to the blog right now
happening right now
good morning sweet world I'm Alexa and
I'm Emily we're from Seattle Washington
and we'll see you guys in a few weeks at
vloggerfair and you are watching Sam oka
blogs peace what's up guys
have you been inside already yeah well
we're already meeting people we're about
to unfetter and
this feels more like day one is for
actually hanging out I met my first
Dominican of the day which automatically
makes his family automatically
automatically what's you guys names
Juliana
I am Silva new inmate in yet who already
making friends is awesome he's got cool
shirt he ordered a same ago shirt
looking good man
yeah most people that come to this are
from Seattle Portland the surrounding
area they flew all the way from New
Jersey New Jersey alright we gotta get a
picture now - that's the best picture
worthy alright just in time for lunch
Elena just brought me a bottle of
sriracha
they gave us some other things too they
have over there they gave us these cute
little puzzles they all are part of the
same puzzle no way thank you I'm here
with Brenda is Amanda
coolest story so far today Brenda
watched the vlog she saw that we like
chick-fil-a she's like chick-fil-a must
be good she went and applied to
chick-fil-a because of that right oh no
it's time to get a hold of it and got a
job at chick-fil-a the first Sequoia
wasn't it how cool is that just because
of chick-fil-a songs and our obsession
with the sauce and everything so if you
ever in Washington go say hi to Brenda
at chick-fil-a I'm enjoying myself a
nice turkey sandwich I'm about to do a
little meetup here dude you want some of
my sandwich
I'll share with you okay oh no you can't
just go straight in like that I have a
special shout out for Eva's mom I'm here
right now Roberta I'm with your daughter
we wish you were here yeah next time I
just met Andrew actually I met him like
an hour ago
and then
I like when people come up and show me
their channels so you guys can check it
out - it's neo East three nine OH
you watch trap Tyler - right yeah yeah
it's a cool dude so you guys go watch
okay random cramping Natalie like a
couple months ago I know it's up then oh
you guys finding out you were pregnant
with them there and then the channel I
just subscribed last night everyone say
hello to Isabella Oh dancing look at
that there's me there's Jenica there's
Noah can you do all these
yeah oh yeah okay and they're so cute
look at this family they're beautiful
little family check them out and see
baby gun we said we're going to open
this oh hello we say we're gonna open
this early and now we're opening it now
I almost bought those and why I didn't
they're so cute you guys they're so nice
I'm kind of yeah and no I like this
right now is so nice of you guys thank
you so much
there are a lot of cameras out right now
color like that they're gonna know right
away sure baby blue green that is what
does that mean
whoa elevators crazy his name Wow whoa
whoa some ice yeah he doesn't know how
to get ice he thinks it just like comes
down out of nowhere little isn't it
because one time he is head like on that
and the ice came out oh I just showed
just thanks
it's a nice bud there you go hmm nothing
like some ice all right let's go let's
get that room okay
is that much you guys look how far out
reasoning forward good job seriously or
like she's like the mermaid at the front
keep going Noah
Audrey Noah have literally become
besties I think yeah future BAE's hey
Britt's older than him
Audrey Audrey can be older than him
they're only two years apart it has me
cute kids too not gonna lie and they
just have so much fun together know
where your shoes where are your shoes
know what we're gonna have some dinner
you're just laughing no it was just
laughing they come back around
dinah dinah mad man dead dead so fun
hi Jess you're giggling no over here
birthday sweetie Oh baby
it's cracking up is Audrey so funny look
at so silly right now
look at that little baby that little
babies
you
but
you know he wants to stand there this
boy just now pounded his entire omelette
which was huge like an adult sized
omelette all of the group mr. it was
like a bunch of even he all the fruit
and now we're eating french fries no
don't put it back in there now a little
turkey butt
that's a funny melon
that's a funny melon
your friend
Saturday downtown Seattle about to
indulge in my gelato gelati ammo to be
exact
let's ask the people that were engaged
in Europe look at this wild assortment
of flavors best place in Seattle so Jen
just put Noah down to sleep I grabbed
her a passion fruit strawberry which a
lot of guys I am a Yelp person I love
Yelp I love Google reviews on Google
this place had a 4.9 on Yelp a four and
a half I got a chocolate gelato shake
passion fruit strawberry projector there
you say that strawberry ma'am how's your
gelato sir how's your gelato wrap me sir
how's your gelato what does gay say yeah
we'll know about yet
do you guys know what my Yelp profile is
I've left one really great review got
actually a lot of times ups and big deal
in Utah it's not same Anderson though I
have an ultra ego when it comes to yell
look for it the video can be finding the
video we can find it you can find it
0:03 tribe tyler t-shirt there you
Audrey is that good do you like it so
same thing yeah
this man rides Afghan around on his bike
for kids to dance to
amazing
four and a half stars on Yelp but how is
it really good did you have yeah I taste
it a little bit maybe it's really I can
smell it the passion fruit Soviet
blueberry sauce or dark oh man you're
asleep and it's time for the traditional
oh it's a gong how to introduce hey we
know the shower pick which happens at
every YouTube convention that goat or
wouldn't run our way when we took at
VidCon that's a comma here
remember shower pick member yeah our new
topic member will now consists of dejan
Jake I think we got it that might be the
last shower pick oh you like
people working together Utah
what a great place to meet new
technologies and that's a wrap today on
any anything you want to talk about
vloggerfair in general this weekend
first of all your fear how's it been
but the guac it's been good but if
people want to step you know yeah we
gotta tell our backs and Dan's always
guy that runs back thank you Dan dan
also takes like five jars a day he's a
very clean person anyways highlight of
today for me honestly I feel like we met
a lot of cool people we've met so many
wonderful people thank you guys for
coming up and saying hi to all of us we
really love you guys again so much fun
thanks for saying hi to wash I like your
hugs see yes tomorrow Utah what a great
place to
very tip you too soon
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good
get that understood I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
you better believe it I'm gonna be happy
I'm gonna be good
get that understood one suppose I watch
the video and that's I'm the worst
I know oh yeah we added that I
completely forgot I can't believe oh my
gosh I forgot so this is my secret clip
to anyone watching this there's a Utah
song and when my family visited we
thought it was super funny the first
time I ever visited you toys yeah I was
like hi family we thought it was funny
and then we added that line that
families are forever but no there's a
line that says like families are it's
like it's similar to that but you're not
that my family we're on a road trip here
we just started making up like different
lines so
