good morning sweet world my name is
Brenda my name's Amy we're from Dallas
Texas you're watching time ago blogs
yeah do you see the people on the
segways out in the distance I found my
crew I'm trying to catch up right out
I'm going do you think I can catch up to
him
next that's very much
all the children are just running wild
out here it's kind of crazy can kind of
awesome friend for delay Brittany one in
Brittany right here this is Ray's head
trying to feel that scooter he's fast me
with these days you just wants to sit
here on this one stair are you looking
at
look at these babies liam is nice here
welcome to Walker high school where we
were all sitting in the cafeteria and
eating lunch right now does this feel
like blogger high school at all right
now you're high school am I sitting with
the cool kids I'm saying with the
coolest get here that's for sure would
be a great life like 90s sitcoms that
would be really good we'll work on it
did you forget top of the video laughs
check how so hungry so we just kind of a
memory ram sammiches make a new friend a
lot of familiar faces of log every day
one so far vlogger fair gets major
points for having a play area for
children who I've only do the entire
time I'm here ever wound up like right
here so they can play while we do our
meetup I'm not even lie it's a good idea
of a right and I'll be on the team
that's why should happen a couple grand
but you know what they all come out
thanks to poop a little bit more
enjoyable yes no no no that's good no no
let's say we did but not we have Tyler
and his natural elements holding the
microphone during interviews he's never
looked better over here we have Audrey
who just rode the scooter and had the
time of her life
now she waits for the next future
opportunity over here we have Noah who's
ready for a nap soon let him back to the
hotel so he can take a nap here we have
ten talking about poop kale poop not
really sure what's going on here we have
Audrey on a second ride of the scooter
with dejan having the time of their
lives okey we have austin looking at
this phone and Noah hopping out in that
boat getting ready to play twinsies says
awesome he doesn't agree they're wild
noah does not agree here we have dejan
and Audrey still having some fun of the
scooter here we have the young know
we're making a move on the younger may
see gains let's tune in whatever we
easily live streaming not to unless I
don't really know how to work I haven't
got that far I only know to take a
picture impressive should put it on like
a little hat is they just like actually
the footage is really good for me you
want to say the best camp camera angle
is recording yeah let's go be sure
really quick Kaka camera got it got
punky can got it
I'm doing this all day Oh longer Perry
just walk up to people conversations out
that like the pictures that's true
people won't even know what I'm
capturing this is cool is it waterproof
too I have no idea sure Oh subscribe
that's why so frequently that's good
it's holding up your face all right I
don't know where the microphone is but
I'm gonna try this new camera right now
and to put it in my pocket and then just
let you guys enjoy that's the microphone
so i would be blocking the microphone
maybe Lister's one on top too this is
the optimal recording I don't know when
he was talking about lower pocket look
at that I can sneak right up on you
better come here boy nope so how do you
feel about younger guys can we lay we
ship them for the future ex younger guys
oh that's true oh that's true cuz I
think no is a crock his territory right
now for this I didn't know your friend
Noah gets so surly
oh ok he thinks it's a game now are you
taking me you're so nice oh so this is
me on the app recording me on the app
cool story bro I'm gonna get you alright
we're back public market today is
actually open now because we're here
early and some fish
ok I'll hold her stuff here
alright catch that fish
sorry Haley
come on Haley that was stinky she did it
she had a really good cuz all Charles he
made her do it oh she is your daughter
you a catch of fish I will bark all
right you like had to fish for we ate
last night right there all right Charles
that I need to come by later all right
it's been a year since I've contributed
to this wall we just learned that they
probably scrape some of it off so my gum
from last year probably isn't here
anymore assignee dad some more you think
it really is it's like the wallet gets
so thick let's put some come on we're
here we go right here for anyone to find
I'm gonna put this by the no parking
anytime sign which is where the note
originally was supposed to be you got to
come find this and take a selfie with it
it's right by that crack right there
there it is my fingers right by that
crack in the fact
there you go yeah then it's like a pipe
oh yeah one yeah I'm looking ahead
Oh
look at them to just take them but
without haha taken both kids up the
escalator Noah is basically in love with
Audrey and wants to follow her wherever
she goes and tackle her and give her
hugs and it's really cute girl in
hilarious and I wish we were neighbors I
wish me her neighbors Brett okay here
they come hi baby he's already laughing
Wow dig so fine hi wow are you gonna
wait to mom oh my goodness don't do this
at home is that so fun mr. oh my actual
seriously I know you blow me that's good
that's got done yay why can't you yeah
Alex the youtuber dude I don't even know
I don't even know what this looks like
where the audios like but uh yeah it's
my spy cam beer at EMP you to party I
don't even know with them capturing look
at that beautiful both both and your's
excuse me oh all right that's it It's A
Wrap don't really know what this will
look like I don't know I'm dark right
now or light summer party attention so
tell right now rest
no he was kind of tired and she just
wanna go lay down so here we are hunson
every scenario I'm so tiny I didn't
expect that yes I trying to figure out
because i'm actually cameras a really
sad thing what we just hit up dicks
because it's been talked about a lot
especially mile is the most simple menu
ever created right here and i got Jen
and chic where she will love I'm gonna
bring that back to her right now Jojo
how's that milkshake JC haha ok so would
you say what I thought it tasted like a
wendy's frosty yeah that it's pretty
good chocolate is dicks like a Seattle
thing I think so I don't know I'm gonna
have one more fright Liberty we feel
like dicks might be kind of like the bay
toast rancheritos of American food if
you know what I'm talking about people
in Utah here you know it's like the
beto's you would know exactly what I'm
saying if he had gone it's like that
late night yeah place that's it for day
one a vlogger fair we saw to two more
days last year vlogger fair was one day
I think try to remember I can't remember
but we still two more days of fun here
then another day and then a million
other days of cool stuff we'll see us
tomorrow
if you choose ooh I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood I will be happy I'm
gonna be good you better believe it I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good get
that understood
