guys less than 24 hours to get the og
sanika good morning sweet world t-shirt
ran out says there's 20 hours left by
the time you see this it might be over
there could be only a couple hurry
because I don't know if we'll ever do
this to sin again
Stacy say hello Seattle oh dude you
you're blogging lately taking the camera
from me I can say something say hello
Seattle I just arrived for bloggers here
after sprinting to our flight to another
concourse we made it on the plane the
plane was really sweet that USB they had
Disney shows they had everything and we
made it to seattle we sought not
reindeer flying in Noah was a pretty
good sport here pretty good sport for
Noah standards he's always crazy on the
plane day entier we're heading to the
hotel might even get a nap in we got
here pretty early so our room isn't
ready and we're currently sitting in
this nice hotel lobby where everyone is
dressed up talking about business having
a good time and ready to mcdonalds no
one got a little happy meal with some
chicken nuggets we got some apple slices
dude you look like a big boy right now
gonna get him dan ordered like four
sandwiches we're gonna live off
mcdonald's beeping I can already tell
it's right down the road so ah no big
deal just washing windows from a million
feeling yeah we made it to the hotel
room no was playing with mom's shoes
trying to put them on and put the
scooter jenna is getting a little
relaxation in this is by far the coolest
part of the room though aside from all
the pressure sensitized areas where
there are snacks and things that shower
right there look at that that is a
square shower head with a little nice
little handle this is we don't have this
at our house so that's kind of fun no
you want to try it out sure you try it
out I know you want to happen all right
let's try it out that he won't try it
out I always hate these mirrors cuz you
realize just how ugly you really are
oh excuse me sir dude are we gonna
potty-train already come here let me
help you then we're at the nike store
right now and i didn't think they would
have liked a lot of heat but it is
straight fire right now they got so many
shoes like the pennypack but I feel like
sold out everywhere look at all these
little polkadot roshe runners got the
all white and black karachi's all these
jordans just sitting here just in here
on the shelf for you to buy them that's
a good idea to come here this is like a
great place to be this year right here
one of my all-time favorites that's
pretty awesome that's all out of like
neon lights yay hey what's up guys ya
know good job good job Noah Noah look at
that that's really not a lot for Dan ah
you feel like he's like on the dinosaurs
how it 10 more day on
alright so some time ago someone was
here and put a sign that said good
morning sweet world here at the gumball
wall we are here at the gum wall I found
the sign
but it's no longer there unless there's
another sign like that it's gone I was
actually really excited I was hoping
it'd still be there but I think since it
was paper that's why I probably didn't
last that long i'm at the monumental
public market center what makes places
like this famous is it because we see it
on TV a lot how do we decide what makes
something like iconic and famous in the
city Tyler is bogging me right now right
there Jen how was dinner it looks good
we had uh what's this place called
like pikes place bar and grill got two
and a half stars on Yelp for three and a
half or four we got dejan here with El
Padrino with say what's up pal Gina do
the people of El Padrino got tribe tyler
in the house changing the world with the
haley Roston rustenburg and right now
we're going to take what dejan calls
tumblr picture which is here in front of
the public market okay it's crazy
because this year to go right when we
first got like I can't really see me
I'll never make sure of it where are
they they're back there is it first time
we ever met so nice cool day it's
finally happened look at this cuddle
sesh
and since then we have seen each other
89 times I thought we wouldn't see each
other again since like vlogger fair this
year I always become good friends we
like last time one week when I hugged
her and ran to her nose a tiny itty
bitty baby in my little carrier and we
squashed sep no and no one season notice
here and that everyone goes to give a
hug oh there's the baby there too as
well like Ronnie with your baby
he was like a tiny little Friar Tuck
coldest akhare baby yes it's also just
crazy because we keep walking past
things that we remember from the first
time we met we're like wow you maybe
that was a year ago 830 at night or 730
I know there's still line up with our
first starbucks ever actually starbucks
it's technically not though I heard I
heard it's kind of a fake all right yeah
I don't know I need to know the story
behind that hey Noah oh that's so nice
beautiful pretty looking
how gorgeous with a sailboat wow this
light you just look like a bronze
goddess look at you hello Seattle my
name is Hayley at Rastenburg oh yeah I'm
traveling
my godson look at that do I just right
give young jeezy your pieces
oh no the good kids guys so nice whoa
you see the ferris wheel when you see so
pretty out here Wow Safeco Field
centurylink right behind you see it they
got it
guys look at this beautiful sunset
enjoying it you know myself from out
here whatever so nice down here bleep
that hole last year he was asleep the
entire time he wasn't like that i think
about I can't believe how much shoes
he's up the entire time I want to
reminisce about one year ago when we
really met which already been mentioned
in this vlog more importantly that Sam
today we are making a push they can I
just don't know tribe Tyler to 100k
hashtag tribe tylor show 100k someone
said hey trap tellers super super close
to 100,000 subscribers well I didn't
want to say that until i was here in
person with the trap tyler that is
changing the world and the haley
rustenburg yeah guys head over there
watch his vlogger fair vlog the rest of
his all your favor lug this is here I
because cuz you'll be in them you know
yes the extra salmon no I want to see
how fast you can get 200 k now and then
you gotta careful right we're gonna play
game we're gonna play a game we're
playing a game we're playing eight
seconds no we're actually playing who
can less longest on it look at this is a
lot harder to stand on once it shut off
once it's off its alright Tyler's up
first we need an official timer the
iphone day on dude you need to be like
standing up the iphone dad on iOS 6 as
soon as you stepped on to as soon as he
steps off look at a test runner what is
on the line I'll tell you what's on the
line blue raspberry the greatest
artificial flavor ever invented you like
for jolly ranchers blue raspberry 0
teller begin you get to goes are you
saying goats are good she goes two
chances ready dad be quick it probably
won't last long
you didn't start it hey honey biggest
phone over what else with this one
that's pretty good I hit it didn't go
with a good one thank you that was a
good one from Jenny cut that I'm tired
she doesn't just think this was out guys
good night what you have to earn
generate ginge respect oh yeah that's a
good thing so it's better when she got
home it's me out of time all right place
you must respect me I love you ready
I'll I'm here baby peanut their crew oh
he's a bit okay sorry I'm sorry oh my
gosh disqualified all right that one is
this cough idea one mortgage you touch
it twice okay I think an icon for your
lunch central wants to know yeah once to
get on and then you say go once you let
go oh ok still like oh yeah we're making
the Roses we go I can sit I could do
this until I sure it go ready ready oh
oh wow that's hard oh wow the 213 to 13
12 13 who's up next Haylee rustenburg
look at this view out oh it's dan can
barely see the lights give us the go Oh
see people at home right now are like
how that looks so easy that's so easy
ready but when the power's out c 00 2.86
no it's better than teller that was a
very relaxed uh run 26 good here comes
to go to the balance it's got an
approach it everything wait come on oh
my 23 no you touch me touch me wait you
said one two three and i get i know what
go Asians aren't known for their mouths
okay hey really is that shirt I'd okay
come on go I think go okay wait are you
already in the prize ready set I was
like slow to the 2.66 there's human
error there's humor air involves I mean
who's Haley's winning like right now it
2.8 something you'd all beat her whoa
whoa whoa whoa yeah you already got
enough Tyler too dang it Wow Arcas at it
2.66 what the other tell me when I tell
me when and in what your handle yeah oh
ok let's get in the mind of a champion a
lot of a great gymnast come on Ginny
Janica what do you call that technique
what do you call back technique okay
alright guess mo let's go to the mind of
a timer ride down there my word
hi genting something else your pants are
going alright this is a practice what
man yes you should have made that your
thing are you ready yeah Sam probably
just takes it home all day yeah even
practice that's funny when he was like
hey guys let's just play this game which
is made up oh yeah I'm for this moment
just to beat everyone no x-ray which
alex is still here to participate Alex
Missy set go I don't know but the people
underneath that you have to just be like
what was that just be happy you get
so those 2.71 seconds right it was good
oh who are you far too much good that
one was worse but I forget to stop it
because I have a sweet afraid for my
life oh my gosh go two seconds oh right
Jen you got one second that's very good
are you going let me get it technique
let go to the industry up to bat oh the
good of the industry let me know when
you're ready hey you know getting my
ride here we go i tried to either plate
which is rules he steps up the grounds
and the bed yeah i haven't started I
don't know ready soup ready go oh wow
wow oh wow oh wow oh wow give you a time
on that with a little bit of human error
6 second 950 21 5 6.5 oh wow okay check
last tag oh wow hmm every time make me
laugh it makes me wait that much longer
hey boy right ready tell me one go Wow a
second that good guys the well has
enjoyed it please I'll be up all night
do what I do best oh no trying to
balance mmm see you tomorrow boy we got
a lot of fun happening tomorrow
tomorrow's and the party really starts
vol your fair day one tomorrow can reach
if you choose
I'm gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood I'm
gonna be happy I'm gonna be good you
better believe it I'm gonna be happy I'm
gonna be good get that understood figure
could key to the game it is not to laugh
when I take things seriously all the
cameras off I get closer to 30 seconds
Oh than I do no you're not you're
feeling on no no no no I don't actually
I like like this seven after they are
not a oh oh oh whoa fist bump
